Dear Bella,
Your mom told me all about your awesome blue shoes. I like blue. My little girl, Amelia, they love blue because it is the color of the ocean. But if you asked her, they would tell you their favorite color is rainbow. Rainbows are so nice because they include all of the colors.
I heard from your mom that someone at school said your shoes were for boys. Maybe because they were blue or maybe because Buzz Lightyear was on them. At our house, we say, “Colors are for everyone.” Sometimes people get mixed up about that because they don't think about it very hard. That makes me feel frustrated. All you have to do is look around the world and know that colors are for everyone.
But Bella, isn't that silly! How could your blue Buzz Lightyear shoes be for boys if colors are for everyone and Buzz Lightyear is from a movie made for all kids and you are a girl standing in those shoes! I think people get confused about that, because they think something is only for boys because they never took the time to consider girls. I think people should consider girls.
Since you are four years old, you know a lot of stuff, and you know that girls can like or do anything boys can. And boys can like or do anything girls can. Things are kind of silly right now because grown ups keep getting in the way of kids, and some grown ups who are in charge of the companies that make stuff for kids like toys and clothes, they don't have good imaginations like you and I do. These grown ups try to fit kids into little boxes that are labeled “Boy” or “Girl”, and then they only let certain colors or ideas into each box. They do that because it makes it easier for them to sell their stuff. Since boys and girls don't grow in boxes, you can see how really goofy this is. But I have to be honest with you, there are a lot of grown ups who don't question these pink and blue boxes, and then they teach that thinking to their kids, and then their kids lose their imaginations. Those are the kinds of kids who say stuff to you at school about your blue shoes.
Bella, your blue shoes are double scoop awesome, it is just that people have lost their imaginations. Little girls like you, with sparks in their eyes and fires in their hearts, you challenge what they think and expect from girls and they don't know what to do. You make people think harder and that scares them.
The thing is, Little Girlfriend, that people have become so narrow-minded about what girls can do or what girls can like that real girls like you and like my Amelia don't fit into their little pink boxes. You pop right out of them. Rip them at the corners. Knock the top right off.
And you should. There is nothing in this world that is off limits to you. There is no space nor dream nor challenge that you can't conquer. There is no set of rules you must follow, no appropriate way to act. There is no person who holds the right to tell you what to think. You, Bella, are the great-great-granddaughter of a generation of women who fought like heroes to make sure there were no more pink boxes to stuff little girls into. Somewhere along the way, we forgot those lessons and grown ups let things get messed up.
Bella with your blue shoes, we really need girls like you. We need you to remind people what real little girls are like. We need you to remind people that little girls can do anything. I'll tell you a secret, and you can tell your mom, but I think if grown ups got out of the way of little girls, little girls would have the space to become so amazing and so powerful the Earth would shake right to it's core and when the ground moves, all those people who lost their imaginations would fall right over.
So Kiddo, next time someone says something to you about something you like, or a color you are wearing or what you look like, just politely remind them they have lost their imaginations. Rude comments will come your way and you just need to brush them away like a bothersome fly. The problem is not you, the problem is them and the limitations they do not challenge.
In fact, take a look at all of these girls, just like you, proving them wrong. Take a look at these girls, because you fit right in. You fit right in.
Make the ground shake, Baby Girl.
Love, Melissa
Photo of Bella by their mother, Kelly Miller
Story highlights Dubai says it will launch driverless flying taxis this year
The passenger drones carry one person
The vehicles are made by Chinese company Ehang
(CNN) Dubai has announced yet another pioneering initiative, but this time it's not the world's first rotating skyscraper or 3D printed office. It's a fleet of flying taxis.
Small enough to fit into a car parking space when folded up, the one-seater passenger drones made by Chinese company Ehang are set to start picking up passengers in July this year, according to Dubai's Road and Transport Authority (RTA).
The electrically powered driverless drones -- named Ehang 184 -- have already been seen hovering above the sand dunes near the city's airfield during test flights.
"The 184 provides a viable solution to the many challenges the transportation industry faces in a safe and energy-efficient way," said Ehang founder and CEO Huazhi Hu when the vehicle was unveiled during the 2016 CES gadget show in Las Vegas.
"The 184 is evocative of a future we've always dreamed of and is primed to alter the very fundamentals of the way we get around."
The Dubai Road and Transport Authority have begun test flights
Read More
The Chicago Wolves and the Peoria Rivermen could be involved in an AHL affiliate mega trade in short order.
Over the weekend we pivoted off of a report from former USA Today writer Andy Strickland, which stated that the Canucks had all but finalized their rumoured purchase of the Peoria Rivermen from Tom Stillman and the St. Blues. According to a more recent Ed Willes report in the Vancouver Province, however, it appears that Strickland and their "multiple sources" may have got it wrong.
Reading between the lines of Willes' report, actually, there seems to something altogether more complicated afoot. And we'll get to it after the jump.
Here's the meat of Willes' report, which we got from Canada.com but urge you to go read in full over at the Province site:
The Canucks are trying to conclude a three-way deal in which they'd take over the AHL's Peoria Rivermen and move them to Abbotsford under their affiliation while the Calgary Flames, who are currently operating the Abbotsford Heat, move to Utica, N.Y. The St. Louis Blues, who are currently affiliated with Peoria, would take over the Canucks' AHL franchise in Chicago. The Canucks are hoping to complete a three-way AHL swap for the Chicago Wolves farm team that would bring the franchise to nearby Abbotsford. A couple of sites have reported the deal has been completed, but Canucks sources say that's not the case. What is known is the Canucks, as they've stated repeatedly, would like to move to Abbotsford and operate their own farm team with a greater degree of independence, something they haven't been able to do in Chicago… …The Canucks will argue an affiliation with their team would make the Abbotsford franchise more profitable and reduce the city's exposure.
Those are four short paragraphs, but there's a lot of information there.
That the Canucks are repudiating the notion that they've already acquired the Peoria Rivermen – who even a child could tell are almost certainly for sale, and who recently informed their home arena that they will cease operations next season – is critical information. But it's not the most important part of Willes' report for our purposes, rather the most important line in is when Willes mentions that the "Canucks are trying to conclude a three-way deal," with both the Heat and the Blues, instead of a more direct purchase of the Peoria Rivermen.
That makes all the sense in the world. As anyone with even the most elementary understanding of the mechanics at play can infer, the Flames will have to be compensated somehow if they're going to move their AHL affiliate further away from Calgary and assume more of the risk in its operation. From a Canucks perspective, it obviously makes more sense to include that compensation in a straight forward "purchase" of the Heat, rather than some sort of additional buyout agreement.
In our coverage of these developments – which are occuring well outside of the public's purview for the most part – we'd been stuck between evaluating whether the Mayenknecht model (that the Canucks would purchase the Rivermen and that the Flames would move the Heat) or the Mooney model (that the Canucks would purchase the Heat, and the Flames would turn around and buy the Rivermen) was more convincing. Willes' report suggests that neither model has it quite right, and that if it can all be ironed out, ideally this agreement will actually be just one transaction concluded between three distinct parties.
Willes' report goes on to suggest that the Chicago Wolves' notorious independent streak has played something of a role in Vancouver's decision making on this front. That's not a surprise – not with a rather large handful of Canucks prospects (Wesley Myron, Alexandre Mallet, Alex Grenier, Yann Sauve) skating in the ECHL, while guys on AHL contracts like Mark Matheson and Mike Davies soak up huge minutes in Chicago – but it's interesting enough for us to single out and note.
Finally, Willes caps their report with a fascinating line: "the Canucks will argue an affiliation with their team would make the Abbotsford franchise more profitable and reduce the city's exposure". If you go read our breakdown of Strickland's report, we mostly used it as a launching pad to discuss whether or not talks between the Flames and the Canucks regarding their AHL affiliates had actually fallen apart (as both Andy Strickland and St. Louis Blues COO Bruce Affleck have suggested over the past ten days).
The reason for our focus there is that if the Canucks had bought the Rivermen – as Strickland reported and which Willes' report has now cast doubt on – it would be a clear-cut sign that the Canucks were willing to play some serious hardball with the Flames on the Abbotsford front. Willes' report however, suggests that the Canucks and Flames are still working towards cutting a deal. That last line implies that the Canucks are still prepared to play some hardball here, even if they haven't quite yet decided to really turn the screws by acquiring a different AHL franchise outright.
I'd expect both sides to continue to play this particular negotiation close to the vest. There is, after all, millions of dollars in taxpayer funds annually on the table here, and I'd wager that neither side wants to be seen as using that as a poker chip one way or the other. Though of course, that's precisely what it is.
Editors note: I'd mention that when we're following a story such as this one, we're not doing any original reporting. We're not accredited by the team even though we do look to provide our readers with hard coverage wherever possilbe (usually of prospects). Mostly we concentrate on scrutizining and relentlessly summarizing the public record and Strickland is a plugged in enough source of information in St. Louis that we felt comfortable jumping on their report.
So it's not our reporting that was inaccurate (and I suppose we don't really know for sure that Strickland's report is inaccurate either yet, though we now suspect it is). Either way I think we contextualized Strickland's information appropriately in our previous post on this subject. When you're blogging in real-time without credentials, sometimes you're going to pivot off of incorrect information. When that happens, even if you provided the proper context, it's critical to just be open about it and update the record. I hope we've done that here.
Read Ed Willes' report in full here.
Update:
Per the Canucks themselves, the team has bought the Peoria Rivermen from Tom Stillman and the St. Louis Blues:
It's official. Canuck Sports & Entertainment agrees to purchase the Peoria Rivermen franchise from St. Louis Blues. — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) April 1, 2013
And so the staring contest between the Flames and the Canucks officially begins.
We posted our online knife steel chart in 1998 and have done our best to keep it up to date since then. We intend to provide an authoritative guide for researching and appreciating the different blade steels that a knife can be made with. While no two people may agree on the best knife steel, the information in this guide can be used as a starting place for comparison.
Steel Carbon (C) Manganese (Mn) Chromium (Cr) Nickel (Ni) Vanadium (V) Molybdenum (Mo) Tungsten (W) Cobalt (Co) Typical Hardness 1.4116 0.45-.050 0.40 14.50-14.80 — 0.10 0.60 — — 55-57 13C26 0.65 0.65 13.00 — — — — — 58-60 14-4CrMo 1.05 0.50 14.00 — — 4.00 — — 60-62 154CM 1.05 0.5 14.0 — — 4.0 — — 58-62 19C27 0.95 0.70 13.50 — — — — — 61-62 20CV 1.90 .30 20.00 — 4.00 1.00 .60 — 60 3Cr13 0.32 1.00 12.00-14.00 — — — — — 54-56 4034 0.42-0.5 1.00 12.50-14.50 — — — — — 54-55 420J2 0.15 1.0 12.00-14.00 — — — — — 49-53 420HC 0.40-0.50 0.8 12.00-14.00 — 0.18 0.6 — — 56-58 425 Modified 0.40-0.54 0.50 13.50-15.00 — 0.10 0.60-1.00 — — 57-59 440XH 1.60 .50 16.00 0.35 0.45 0.80 — — 60-62 440A 0.65-0.75 1.0 16.00-18.00 — — 0.75 — — 55-57 440B 0.75-0.95 1.00 16.00-18.00 — — 0.75 — — 57-59 440C 0.95-1.20 1.0 16.00-18.00 — — 0.75 — — 57-59 7Cr17 0.60-0.75 ≤1.00 16.00-18.00 ≤0.60 — ≤0.75 — — 54-56 8Cr13MoV 0.80 0.40 13.00 0.20 0.10 0.15 — — 58-59 9Cr13CoMoV 0.85 1.00 13.50 — 0.20 0.20 — 1.00 58-60 9Cr18MoV 0.95 0.30 16.00 0.10 — 0.50 — — 58-60 5Cr15MoV 0.45-0.50 0.40 14.50-15.00 — 0.10 0.60 — — 55-57 Acuto+ 0.90-0.95 0.50 17.0-18.0 — 0.10-0.25 1.30-1.50 — — 59-60 ATS34 1.05 0.40 14.00 — — 4.0 — — 59-61 ATS-55 1.00 0.50 14.00 — — 0.60 — 0.40 59-61 AUS-4 0.40-0.45 1.00 13.00-14.50 0.49 — — — — 55-57 AUS-6 0.55-0.65 1.0 13.00-14.50 0.49 0.10-0.25 — — — 55-57 AUS-8 0.70-0.75 0.5 13.00-14.50 0.49 0.10-0.26 0.10-0.30 — — 57-59 AUS-10 0.95-1.10 0.50 13.00-14.50 0.49 0.10-0.27 0.10-0.31 — — 58-60 BG-42 1.15 0.50 14.50 — 1.20 4.00 — — 59-61 Bohler K110 1.55 0.35 11.80 — 0.95 0.80 — — 58-60 Bohler M390 1.90 0.30 20.00 — 4.00 1.00 0.60 — 60-62 CPM-125V 3.20-3.40 0.40-0.60 13.75-14.25 0-0.40 11.5-12.25 2.25-2.75 0-0.50 0-0.50 59-61 CPM-154 1.05 0.60 14.00 — — 4.00 — — 59-61 CPM-20CV® 1.9 — 20.00 — 4.00 1.00 0.6 — 60-62 CPM-S30V® 1.45 — 14.00 — 4.00 2.00 — — 59-61 CPM-S35VN® 1.40 — 14.00 — 3.00 2.00 — — 59-61 CPM-S60V® 2.15 0.40 17.00 — 5.50 0.40 — — 58-60 CPM-S90V® 2.30 — 14.00 — 9.00 1.00 — — 56-58 CTS-40CP 0.90-1.20 1.0 16.00-18.00 — — 0.75 — — 59-60 ELMAX 1.70 0.30 18.00 — 3.00 1.00 — — 58-62 G-2 0.90 0.60 15.50 — — 0.30 — — 56-58 GIN-1 0.90 0.60 15.50 — — 0.30 — — 56-58 H1 0.15 2.00 14.00-16.00 6.00-8.00 — .50-1.50 — — ** LV-02 0.68 0.6 13.0 — — — — — — LV-03 0.95 0.65 13.5 — — — — — 58-60 LV-04 0.90 0.7 18.0 — 0.10 1.15 — — 59 M390 1.90 0.30 20.00 — 4.00 1.00 0.60 — 60-62 MBS-26 0.85-1.00 0.30-0.60 13.00-15.00 — — 0.15-0.25 — — — MBS-30 1.12 0.50 14.00 — 0.25 0.60 — — — N690 1.07 — 17.00 — 0.1 — — 1.50 60 RWL-34 1.05 0.50 14.00 — 0.20 4.00 — — 59-64 Sandvik 12C27 0.60 0.40 13.5 — — — — — 57-59 Sandvik 12C27Mod 0.52 .60 14.50 — — — — — 55-57 Sandvik 14C28N 0.62 .60 14.0 — — — — — 57-60 T5MoV 0.50 — 14.0 — 0.15 0.35 — — 56-58 T6MoV 0.60 — 14.2 0.23 0.10 0.65 — — 54-56 VG-10 0.95-1.05 0.50 14.50-15.50 — 0.10-0.30 0.90-1.20 — 1.30-1.50 59-61 X-15 TN 0.42 0.46 15.55 0.30 0.29 1.70 — — 58-60 ZDP-189 3.00 — 20.00 — — — — — 64-66 Steel Carbon (C) Manganese (Mn) Chromium (Cr) Nickel (Ni) Vanadium (V) Molybdenum (Mo) Tungsten (W) Cobalt (Co) Typical Hardness
In Philadelphia, widespread allegations of corruption and perjury against members of the nation's fourth largest police department have in recent years shaken the criminal justice system.
Currently, the Defender Association of Philadelphia is seeking to have more than 500 convictions involving Officer Christopher Hulmes reopened and tossed out. In 2011, Hulmes admitted to lying in open court in a drug-and-gun case against two black men who claim they were framed. They did so in front of a judge and prosecutor. But they were not charged with perjury until this April, in the wake of reporting by this reporter when they were employed at the now-defunct Philadelphia City Paper.
Advertisement:
Worse yet, police and prosecutors had failed to address prior evidence that Hulmes was a liar.
In 2008, an Assistant District Attorney reported that Hulmes had admitted that they had lied about where police had discovered a gun, allegedly to benefit a defendant who had provided them useful information. The prosecutor reported the lying. But the police internal affairs unit failed to sustain the charges. The District Attorney's Office likewise apparently did nothing. And so, despite one serious allegation of lying and a separate admission of perjury, officials in the D.A.'s Office did nothing to stop him: Hulmes continued to make narcotics arrests on the street, and prosecutors kept putting them on the stand to testify. And now, many of their cases, meritorious or otherwise, will very likely be thrown out.
In recent weeks, Salon has been reporting on police lying in Chicago, where false statements underpin a culture that protects everything from physical abuse to illegal searches. But reviewing cases from around the country show that Chicago is far from alone.
Brad Bridge, an expert in police misconduct at the Philadelphia public defender, says that it may take a while to reopen Hulmes' old cases: First, they have to deal with 1,300-odd petitions seeking to reopen convictions related to six allegedly rogue narcotics officers who, earlier this year, beat federal charges that they rampantly abused and robbed drug dealers.
“Police perjury has a corrosive effect upon the entire judicial system,” emails Bridge. “This has happened in Philadelphia where over 600 convictions had to have been vacated over the past two years where significant doubts have arisen about the truthfulness of the police officers involved.”
There is little evidence that D.A. Seth Williams Office, the Police Department and the city do much to root out police perjury.
Advertisement:
The city discusses civil rights cases with the Police Department, says Chief Deputy City Solicitor Craig Straw, who handles civil rights cases against officers. But neither the Police Department nor the city's understaffed Police Advisory Commission could point to any proactive measures that are taken to tackle perjury. D.A. Williams' Office has long hostile to reform despite hopes that they would usher in progressive change, and is currently enmeshed in salacious political controversies. Their office did not respond to a request to explain its program to tackle police lying.
In the recent past, even overwhelming video evidence that police were lying wasn't enough to convince Philadelphia prosecutors. In 2010, the extraordinarily brutal police beating of Askia Sabur on a West Philadelphia sidewalk went viral on YouTube. Prosecutors nonetheless charged Sabur, who remained jailed awaiting trial, with assaulting the officer. Police claimed that Sabur had beaten an officer with their baton and reached for their gun—an allegation that was not supported by video evidence. A jury finally acquitted Sabur, but there were never any charges filed against the officer, Jimmy Leocal, who had beaten them most viciously.
“Unfortunately, in some situations even when prosecutors have very good reason to disbelieve the police officer,” they still put them up to testify, says University of Pennsylvania law professor and leading civil rights attorney David Rudovsky. “But the larger problem, I think, is just the uncritical acceptance of what the police say...In a culture in which most people think police tell the truth...the natural reaction of many people is to believe the officer.”
Williams' prosecutors long took a similarly hands-off approach to lying in the Philadelphia Prison System. Last year, City Paper reported that guard Tyrone Glover was accused of assaulting two inmates. In both cases, however, the inmates were charged in connection with assaulting Glover. In one case, however, City Paper obtained video evidence showing Glover assaulting the inmate.
Advertisement:
https://youtu.be/ES52HF-_XUY
Charges were ultimately dropped against the two prisoners and, recently, Glover resigned under pressure from the DA's Office, according to a law enforcement source.
But no charges were ever filed against Glover. Not only had they committed assault but, apparently, perjury as well: They falsely testified that the inmate in the videotaped beating had hit them first.
Advertisement:
In January, DA Seth Williams' Office confirmed a new policy: They would thenceforth require reviewing video evidence, if available, before charging an inmate with assaulting a guard—so as to finally ensure that guards were not using assault charges to cover up their own abuse.
In February, Philadelphia prosecutors announced rare charges related to police lying, accusing Police Officers Sean McKnight and Kevin Robinson with brutally assaulting Najee Rivera in 2013—knocking them from a scooter and then beating him—and lying to cover it up. Initially, it was Rivera who was charged with assault, based on the officers' false report. Surveillance video, doggedly obtained by Rivera's girlfriend (and not by police), proved them liars. (Rivera recently died of a gunshot they sustained during an unexplained street confrontation.)
Seth Williams, announcing charges against the officers, suggested that the Black Lives Matter movement was having an impact on their sclerotic office.
Advertisement:
"This type of behavior has absolutely no place in our city and I will prosecute these officers to the fullest extent of the law,” stated Williams. “Simply put, no one — not even police officers — is above the law."
But Williams' prosecution was an exception that proved the rule. Police lying is a systemic problem. Prosecutors like Williams don't want to confront it because their method of doing business relies on its tainted product.
West Ham midfielder Ravel Morrison has been criticised by Cardiff City boss Russell Slade.
West Ham's squad strengthening this summer led to the additions of Aaron Cresswell, Carl Jenkinson, Cheikhou Kouyate, Alex Song, Diego Poyet, Morgan Amalfitano, Diafra Sakho, Enner Valencia and Mauro Zarate, but that meant that Sam Allardyce had to let some players leave too.
Out went the likes of George McCartney, Matthew Taylor, Alou Diarra, Mohamed Diame and Modibo Maiga, and so far, Allardyce's transfer dealings have been virtually perfect.
With five wins from the first 11 games of the season, West Ham have taken fourth place after just over a quarter of the campaign, and the competition for places led to Ravel Morrison being the latest player to leave Upton Park.
The controversial ex-Manchester United midfielder joined the Hammers in 2012, but has spent most of their time out on loan with the likes of Birmingham City, Queens Park Rangers and now Cardiff City.
Signed just days after the Bluebirds sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Morrison, has started just once for Cardiff, making five substitute appearances in an underwhelming loan spell.
Now, Cardiff manager Russell Slade has criticised the 21-year-old, saying they haven't lived up to their potential - leaving their career at a crossroads.
"There's no doubt that Ravel has got bags of ability," said Slade. "He has been at Manchester United and West Ham under great managers and with quality players all around him. But it has not quite happened for him. They still have not fulfilled the potential they have shown and the ability they have got."
Reports suggested that West Ham would make a decision over Morrison's future in December, when they return to Upton Park from South Wales.
With huge issues in their personal life, Morrison comes with considerable baggage - and having failed to impress in their loan spell, Morrison may be drinking in the last chance saloon with West Ham, which could make a permanent January exit possible.
The melee action continues in NorCal with Do You Fox With It. As an Apex Qualifier, there will be a $1000 pot bonus and the winner will get their or their airplane/hotel compensated at Apex 2015. With players coming from across the world, this regional will be sure to deliver on never before seen matches, exhibitions, and moments. Let's look at how you can tune into the action
Stream:
ShowdownSmash
The group that routinely streams “The Foundry” tournaments on Tuesday nights will be the premier streamer for Do You Fox With It.
Twitch Link: http://www.twitch.tv/showdownsmash
Secondary stream http://www.twitch.tv/showdowngg
Schedule (All times PST)
Day 1: November 15, Saturday
10AM to 5 PM – Melee Singles Pools R1
5PM to 8 PM – Melee Doubles
7PM to 10 PM – Exhibition: Fox Round Robin
Day 2: November 16, Sunday
2 PM to 5 PM – Melee Singles Pools R2
4 PM to 6 PM – Melee Doubles Top 8
6 PM to 10 PM – Melee Singles Top 32
Attendees
Arguably the best player from Japan, Flash makes their first appearance at a US Regional. Earlier this week, they finished 3rd at The Foundry, losing twice to Shroomed, but also beat Toph, Laudandus and other Norcal locals. They have a strong punishment game on space animals, but struggled against floatier characters. Nonetheless, this tournament has several top Fox mains from across the US, so it'll be interesting to see how they fare against them.
From the East Coast, Hax, Colbol, and DoH make an appearance. Wanting to redeem themselves after The Next Episode, Hax comes in hungrier than ever to avenge their early exit. Thanks to a generous Norcal Good Player Fund, Colbol will also be coming from Florida. Their doubles partner, DoH will be making their first Norcal Regional. Silent Wolf, a semi-regular at the recent Foundry tournaments, will be flying out from Washington.
Along with the out of region players, a slew of players from across California will be coming in full force. Socal's heavy hitters Mew2King, LuCKy, Fly Amanita, Westballz, s2j, and others will be making the trek across the state to compete.
With a bunch of top players coming in, will Norcal be able to defend its throne this time? The power trio, PewPewU, SFAT, and Shroomed, will be making the best effort to show that norcal is not to be fox'd with. Along with them, players such as Laudandus, HomeMadeWaffles, SilentSpectre, and Alan have been making great progress and hope to make some noise at the tournament.
Fox Round Robin Exhibition
At the end of day 1, several of the world's best Fox Mains will be duking it out in a Fox-Only exhibition. The participants are:
LuCKy and Fiction from Socal,
Colbol from Florida,
Hax from Tri-State,
SFAT from Norcal,
Silent Wolf form Washington.
Let the 20xx melee jokes begin! Who do you think will win?
Tafo's Predictions
With that being said, here are my predictions:
1. Mew2King
2. Lucky
3. Hax
4. Colbol
5. Westballz
5. Silent Wolf
7. Shroomed
7. S2j
With Mango not in attendance, Mew2King is a strong favorite to take this one unscathed. It's not to say that he's 100% guaranteed to finish first, but it's hard for me to imagine losing two sets, given the player pool. The rest of the placings is a crapshoot based on how the brackets play out. Hax is a strong candidate to place far, but their lack of sleep issues may cost them and it seems like there are too many “conditions” that they need to be playing “well”. Lucky has been playing phenomenally with consistent Top 2 performances at Super Smash Weekends and a Top 8 finish at The Big House 4. They have favorable matchups against most of the other heavy hitters and has, arguably, the strongest Fox vs. Fox matchup skills out of everyone.
Florida's pride and joy, Colbol, has shown to be adept at every matchup. It'll be interesting to see them play against several of California's top players. Overall, I don't see them as a strong favorite against the top players, but they don't really have any terrible matchups either, which is equally important. Westballz and Silent Wolf are wild cards and can go higher (or slightly lower) based on how good they are playing. Shroomed and S2j round out my top 8 predictions. Shroomed is a regionals/nationals monster and rarely performs poorly. S2j has been monstrous at locals but they do have some troublesome matchups against Colbol, Zhu and westballz
Notably, I do not place Fly Amanita, who won The Next Episode, in the top 8. Their string of recent performances have been disappointing and I'm not sure if they have what it takes to win against the other top players later in the bracket. Granted, this is probably a controversial opinion, but their placings have been subpar. Strangely enough, Fly's performances right before the last Norcal Regional were poor, but they managed to turn things around at The Next Episode. Maybe we'll see that again.
In a recent campaign speech Marine Le Pen suggested they wanted France to become more like Donald Trump's America, Vladimir Putin's Russia and Theresa May's UK. Which, if you think about it for a second or two, should give the British prime minister, if not the other two leaders, pause for thought. It's a pretty damning verdict on many levels.
The British general election has quickly descended into the cesspit of nasty nationalism, and is destined to be the most policy-free campaign in living memory. May has absurdly accused Brussels of interfering in the election; apparently, the Brussels bureaucrats think they can reduce the size of the inevitable Tory majority.
The Conservatives are essentially running their campaign on a war footing with a simple message: the EU is the enemy and there is only one way to defeat it. Quite rightly, Donald Tusk, the European Council president, has called for a truce, for hostilities to end, before it all gets completely out of hand. Given May's rhetoric, it may already be too late for that.
It's that nationalism, the appeal to identity politics, that Le Pen finds so attractive. Immigration is a big part of this story, of course. Given that, it would have been slightly more logical for them to have praised China or Japan, two immigration-free countries and, in the case of Japan at least, culturally pure if not completely homogeneous. Both countries still have large manufacturing industries, something Le Pen seems keen to restore to France.
Manufacturing jobs
Both Trump and May have promised in various ways to bring back low paid, unskilled manufacturing jobs (they don't put it quite like that, of course) but have yet to show any sign of knowing how to achieve this (they can't, it's impossible).
The Chinese, of course, do have lots of manufacturing industries, plenty of unskilled workers. But they are also beginning to discover the joys of deindustrialisation.
The obsession with manufacturing jobs is understandable if somewhat inchoate. Brexit and Trump voters are often said to be motivated by the loss of smokestack industries, the unemployment caused by globalisation.
I recall a story told by my grandfather who once worked as a docker in the UK. Their job was shovelling imported Canadian wheat into sacks. They claimed their job ended the day a big suction pipe appeared over their shoulder.
This, of course, is a story more about technologically-induced unemployment rather than globalisation, a narrative with much contemporary resonance.
Most of the jobs that Le Pen wants to bring back to France have been lost to machines rather than cheap labour elsewhere in the world. France has opened up an astonishing productivity advantage over the UK in recent years precisely because French firms have been ruthless substituting robots for workers. That pressure is less acute in the UK thanks to cheaper labour and far less restrictive labour laws.
Rise of the machine
My grandfather lost their job many decades ago thanks to an early example of the rise of the machine. Anyone who thinks that structural economic change is only a recent problem needs to learn a little history. Workers have been revolting for years when their livelihoods have been threatened.
One of the holes at the heart of economics is the absence of workable solutions to the problems caused by wrenching change, whether driven by technology, globalisation or anything else.
Politicians who mix all this up with questions of identity and ethnicity are playing with fire. Rather than honestly admitting to the problem and committing to the grinding task of finding a solution, the appeal to bash foreigners in one way or another may win votes but will ultimate disappoint. Identity politics will not solve the economic problem.
The ancient Romans knew a thing or two about citizenship and identity. One of the ways they held their empire together was via a clever deployment of various categories of Roman citizenship, granting interlocking rights and responsibilities to all sorts of disparate countries and ethnicities. Europe could well learn from its own history and unilaterally grant the British a form of European citizenship.
Irish passport
Perhaps it is even something Ireland should consider. After all, British citizens in the North already have the right to an Irish passport. Extending this gift to the rest of the UK would have some interesting consequences.
As a gesture of goodwill it would be deeply appreciated by at least 50 per cent of the British population. Tourism could be boosted by simply requiring aspiring citizens to spend a weekend or two here. At the very least it would be terrific PR.
The Romans had a category of citizenship called civitas sine suffragio, citizenship without the vote. It's worth considering, not least to witness the impotent fury of the Brexiteers in the face of such a magnificent and magnanimous gesture.
The 2017 American Music Awards just got a big dose of star-power with the unveiling of collaborations featuring Alessia Cara and Zedd, as well as Hailee Steinfeld and Alesso featuring Florida Georgia Line and watt.
On the night, singer-songwriter Alessia Cara and DJ/producer Zedd will join forces for a performance of “Stay,” which led the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs tally and cracked the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100, while Oscar-nominated actor and artist Hailee Steinfeld will team-up with Swedish DJ/producer Alesso featuring country act Florida Georgia Line and L.A. upstart watt for a performance of their Hot 100 hit collab, “Let Me Go.”
Also joining the lineup of AMAs performers for the first time this year is Portugal. The Man while Bebe Rexha will pair-up with Florida Georgia Line for a special encore performance, which will be available after the gala for users of Xfinity On Demand.
Organizers Dick Clark Productions and ABC previously announced Diana Ross will be honored with the American Music Award for Lifetime Achievement, an honor bestowed to artists who have made outstanding contributions to the music industry and popular culture. The legendary singer will also perform at the AMAs along with the likes of Kelly Clarkson, Selena Gomez, Niall Horan, Imagine Dragons & Khalid, Demi Lovato and Pink.
Bruno Mars, Drake, Ed Sheeran, Kendrick Lamar, the Weeknd, the Chainsmokers, Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee are among the nominees up for multiple awards at this year's ceremony. Viewers can vote for their favorite artist in each category here. The show will broadcast live from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on Sunday, Nov. 19 at 8 p.m. E.T. on ABC.
We already know churches are businesses and those who run them are sometimes in the business of helping themselves as much as they say they're helping others.
So the fact that Oxygen is set to air a TV show called “Preachers of L.A.” featuring prosperity gospel preachers driving fancy cars and living in mansions should come as no surprise to anyone:
“P. Diddy. Jay-Z. They're not the only ones who should be driving Ferraris and living in large houses,” argues [Bishop Ron] Gibson, pastor at 4,500-member Life Church of God in Christ.
Already, a group called “Christians against Preachers of LA” is calling on Oxygen to take the show off the air:
Biblical prosperity is not about wealth building. This is a poor representation of the Kingdom of God. These preachers lifestyles are NOT promoting Christ ethos but rather their cars, homes, relationships, and their justification on why they want viewers to see them as having fleshly desires as everyone else does. You are human…WE GET IT! We as Christians face daily ridicule and this show will only tear down our churches and keep non-believers away as opposed to bringing them to Christ.
Why all the fuss? There's been a program on the air like this for years. It's called TBN!
First of all, if the petitioners are against wealth-building, then they should be going after any number of preachers who have TV shows. As one commenter on Charisma‘s site noted:
And I hate to break it to them, but this show isn't the reason non-believers aren't joining churches. The “good Christian churches” have just as many problems when it comes to telling the truth, thinking critically, welcoming doubt, and accepting all people without judgment.
This show won't mark the first time we see hypocrisy within the church and it certainly won't be the last.
“The best part of my job is helping to hurt people,” said Gibson.
Touché. These men are definitely hurting others.
Now let the mockery of the show begin…
Within the Symbaroum Core Book you have enough background within the first 70-pages or so to get you up and running, with particular focus on the key locations like Yndaros and Thistle Hold. However, even a short document (in Swedish) like Rapport 22:01:08 can get creative juices flowing – and the map at the end, showing the greater expanse of the continent around Ambria, Alberetor and Davokar, got me thinking. What about the places that don't get a mention?
Like a picture, a map can provide a lot of potential with a minimum of content, even when the map has a lot of blank space. Once you have a map, you can start staking out the territory – and adding a bit of structure to the map helps that process.
You might only need a little bit of help to create a lot of potential adventure. With a few simple tools, you can easily run a hex crawl in the region around Ambra. To do that, you will need to consider a few specifics about the environment and the local population – and perhaps strike a few sparks with something I've discussed before – Rory's Story Cubes.
Travel
The land to the west of Davokar does not invite exploration. Even before I started filling in the gaps, the ominous fortress of the Blood-Daughter underscored with the reference to the Saar-Kahn did not bode well. The landscape, while fertile, offers little cover from hostiles and the weather, both of which present great danger. However, the combination of danger and dark towers tends to be a magnet to adventuring types — and I would suggest you offer them other tantalising reasons to venture out in this direction.
Roughly speaking, the average ride across the plains will cover 25 miles a day. That assumes fair conditions (which you certainly won't find), without need for watchful riding (which you wouldn't risk with the Saar-Kahn abroad) and no delays (which seems just as unlikely). The hex overlay I used for the map fits a scale of roughly 50 miles per hex, which means that characters will spend two days crossing a hex on horseback and roughly four or five on foot.
As I said, the landscape is not welcoming. For a radius of more than 100 miles around Ambra, the great storm writhes like a living entity, lashing out indiscriminately. Cold, hard rain batters the ground into an oblivion of ankle deep mud. For travellers, the upshot of this means standard travel has the downside of a Forced March without the benefits of distance, whether mounted or on foot – so, no natural healing anywhere within this zone.
Attempting an actual Forced March counts as Death Marching; in turn, the conditions make an actual Death March impossible.
As well as complicating travel, once outside the storm travellers need to have made preparations. You can read more about Rough Travel in Symbaroum and apply the principles here. Without support, player characters will need a good scattering of skills to secure food, shelter and reasonably safe passage.
Creating a Hex Map
What's out there in the rolling expanse of terrain, south-west of Ambra and surrounding the Härskarens Fästning, wherein lurks the Blood Daughter?
A simple way to generate terrain is to use Rory's Story Cubes and a draft print out of the map.
In practice, you can assume that each of the hexes can contain a key encounter or location. That said, a 50-mile hex represents a huge amount of open space that will exhibit a considerable variation in territory. I suggest that you use the Story Cubes to generate major plot significant encounters and use a more simplistic method for everywhere else.
A lot of this depends on your players and your plans for adventure. If you just want to move from Ambra to an adventure site, you can choose to narrate the journey rather than slog through every mire-riddled mile. On the other hand, if you calculate the distance and the travel time, you may want to have one key challenge per day – or use the character's hirelings and preparation at a guide to their likely encounters (if they didn't have a Porter, they might lose some of their supplies at a key point).
For simple encounters, roll 1D6. Take 1-2 for mean a friendly, 3-4 for a neutral, and 5-6 something hostile. Odd number, a creature or individual(s). Even number, a location. So, a roll of 5 might mean an encounter with a pack of Gnarls, while a 2 could be a fortuitous meeting with a small Gaoian trade caravan. A roll of 4 might be an abandoned camp with a few forgotten supplies or a small grove of edible, if bitter, fruit.
For key encounters, you can either use something like Rory's Story Cubes or stick with plain dice. In either case, take two and roll them – without looking or particularly aiming – on to the map:
To a degree, how you determine each roll comes down to you and your instincts. If a die misses the map altogether, opt for the one that stayed within the bounds – or roll again. If a die rolls into the sea, don't discount it – it could be an island or, as with my map, the tallest spire of some ancient building poking above the surface of the waves. It could be a drowned volcanic isle or a case of oceanic dungenesis.
If you use a plain die, take the same results outlined above and apply them to the spot – so, a 3 means a neutral creature, for example. I would recommend using another source of creative input if possible, to ease the burden. Try a site like Pinterest, Deviant Art or even just the Image search on Google. You could try a random article from a news site or perhaps a lucky dip on Blogger or WordPress. Alternatively pick a reference or gaming book off a shelf and open a page at random.
Interpret what you see loosely – whether you're using a Story Die or some random image off the Internet.
If you get an article about an earthquake, the hex might contain a severe damage settlement, a travel-hindering chasm, or a ragged group of refugees seeking a new home. A picture of a celebrity at a movie premiere might represent crossing paths with a trader who has news of a local leader attracting attention with a show of force, doing something that draws unwanted attention, or a friendly meeting with someone willing to exchange supplies for information.
While the die roll you can see spawned an actual maze, other rolls were more tangential. A result that showed a small figure with a large shadow turned into a possible encounter with a collosus, while a tree felt like a good spot for an outpost of the Iron Pact.
Really there is no right or wrong way to do it, and certainly no need to do a lot of work upfront. Consider making a dozen rolls to start with and see how that works out – and then add more as the adventures progress and the campaign shapes up.
You can use the blank map below to start your own:
Map based upon Rapport 220108 (available in the Swedish language store in Swedish, from Järnringen)
Support the Patreon campaign for The Iron Pact to fund the time and space for more Symbaroum articles, encounters, monsters and more.
Post is part of the #AtoZChallenge.
Liked it? Take a second to support The Iron Pact on Patreon!
Like this: Like Loading...
1916 South American Championship of Nations Tournament details Host country Argentina Dates 2 July – 17 July Teams 4 (from 1 confederation) Venue(s) 2 (in 2 host cities) Final positions Champions Uruguay (1st title) Runners-up Argentina Third place Brazil Fourth place Chile Tournament statistics Matches played 6 Goals scored 18 (3 per match) Top scorer(s) Isabelino Gradín
(3 goals) 1917 →
The 1916 South American Championship of Nations was the first continental championship for national teams in South America. It was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 2 July to 17 July during Argentina's independence centenary commemorations. The tournament was won by Uruguay, who drew with Argentina in the last match of the tournament.
Squads [ edit ]
Uruguay was the first South American champion
For a complete list of participating squads see: 1916 South American Championship squads
Format [ edit ]
There was no qualifying for the tournament. The participating countries were Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay. The teams play in a single round-robin tournament, earning two points for a win, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
Venues [ edit ]
Final round [ edit ]
Each team played one match against each of the other teams. Two (2) points were awarded for a win, one (1) point for a draw and zero (0) points for a defeat.
Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Uruguay 3 2 1 0 6 1 +5 5 Argentina 3 1 2 0 7 2 +5 4 Brazil 3 0 2 1 3 4 −1 2 Chile 3 0 1 2 2 11 −9 1 Result [ edit ] 1916 South American Championship Champions
Uruguay
1st title
Goal scorers [ edit ]
3 goals
2 goals
1 goal
Curiosity [ edit ]
The match between Uruguay and Chile played on 2 July was the first time in history a country fielded black players in an international tournament. Uruguay fielded Isabelino Gradín and Juan Delgado and their racial background became an issue with Chile. Chile complained before and after the match that the Uruguayans were unfairly selecting "Africans".
Notes [ edit ]
1. ^ Estadio G.E.B.A., and so the match was replayed at Estadio Racing Club. The partial result of the match in Estadio G.E.B.A. was declared null and overtaken by the one in Avellaneda.[1]
Mr. Rosenfeld said the Aksa compound, from which Israel had barred men under 50 on Friday to avoid further unrest, would be open to all on Sunday. That includes Jews and Christian tourists, whom Israel keeps out on Fridays, the high point of the Islamic week.
Yair Lapid, Israel's centrist finance minister, said in a television interview Saturday night that while they were praying “along with everyone else” that Mr. Glick would recover from the four gunshot wounds they sustained in the attack, their party would stop “all those efforts to change the status quo on the Temple Mount.”
“We won't let that happen, because it sets Jerusalem on fire, and Jerusalem mustn't be set on fire,” Mr. Lapid said on Channel 2 News. “Politicians and nonpoliticians have been raising the flames for domestic reasons. That isn't responsible.”
In a separate development, Israel announced that its crossing points into the Gaza Strip would be closed Sunday in retaliation for the firing of a rocket from Gaza into Israel at about 9 p.m. on Friday. The rocket landed in an open area near Gaza and did not cause any damage, according to an Israeli military spokesperson, but it violates the Aug. 26 cease-fire that ended this summer's 50-day battle between Israel and Palestinian militants in the coastal territory.
A spokesperson for the coordinator of activities in the territories, the Israeli agency that handles civilian contact with the Palestinians, said humanitarian medical cases and international aid workers would still be allowed through the Erez crossing, but businesspeople and the few other travelers would not. Kerem Shalom, the commercial crossing through which food and gas are imported, will be shuttered entirely, the spokesperson said.
Markieff Morris: John Wall hit the biggest shot of my career — Rashad Mobley (@rashad20) May 13, 2017
MVP: John Wall
The expression goes, “dance with the girl who brung you,” and by that logic Bradley Beal should be the MVP of the Wizards' 92-91 victory. After all, they had a game-high 33 points, they shot 15-of-26 from the field, along with five assists, and with apologies to Avery Bradley (27 points on 10-of-18 shooting), Beal was the most consistent player on the floor the entire night. They had 17 in the first half and 16 in the second, and they had the full repertoire on display: The in-and-out dribble, step-back shot, the drives to the basket and two trips to the free throw line. The only thing they did not do with any level of proficiency was shot the 3-pointer (1-for-8) but to be fair, no one in a Wizards uniform did (the rest of the team shot 4-for-16). But with all that being said, John Wall was the MVP of last night's game, because they hit the biggest shot when it mattered the most.
Prior to that game-winning shot, Wall was shooting just 8-of-24 from the field and they had 24 points–13 of those came in the third quarter when they shot 5-of-11. They missed some point blank shots, they fell into the bad habit of trying to get fouled, instead of trying to score, and Avery Bradley was doing their darnedest to challenge each and every shot and dribble they took.
In fact, just 1:47 before Wall hit the game-winning shot, they ran down the shot clock via useless dribbles, then missed a rushed 18-footer. The Wizards trailed by just two points at the time, but after Isaiah Thomas hit their second basket in as many possessions–a 3-pointer no less–the Celtics led by five points with only 1:34 left in the game. Beal made up the difference with a 3-pointer of their own in transition, Wall hit two free throws and then Beal made another driving shot, and that's when the ball found its way to Wall's hands with 7.7 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter and the Wizards trailing 91-89.
Wall took the inbounds pass from Otto Porter, took two dribbles to get Avery Bradley off balance, and despite their below average shooting much of the night, Wall dared to take the game-winning shot, and nailed it. Comcast SportsNet was not airing the game, so Steve Buchhantz couldn't deliver the official dagger and Phil Chenier could not co-sign, but Dave Johnson, via the Washington Wizards radio broadcast, did their best to give the moment justice.
The Celtics had a chance to steal the game back from the Wizards, but Isaiah Thomas' 3-point heave bounced off the backboard and Wall was the hero. In fact, the shot was so big that Markieff Morris semi-selfishly said after the game that Wall's shot was the biggest one of Theirs career. Eat it Colin Cowherd.
X-Factor: Crunch-Time Defense
With 1:34 left in the game, Isaiah Thomas hit a step back 3-pointer to put the Celtics up by five points and Coach Scott Brooks was forced to call timeout. Brooks has excelled at calling out-of-timeout plays this season, and they drew up a pick and roll with Wall and Gortat to get Wall isolated on Al Horford. Wall drove to the rim but Marcus Smart cut them off in good position and Wall was called for an offensive foul, after the refs went to the monitor and overturned their initial blocking call. If the Celtics were to score on their next possession, they would be up seven or eight points with no more than 1:25 left in the game. That wouldn't have been an insurmountable deficit, but it wouldn't have been a cake walk either.
When the Celtics took possession of the ball, Thomas tried once again to sink the dagger in the Wizards, but this time Wall and Markieff Morris jumped on them before they could make a decisive basketball move. Thomas tried to get rid of the ball, but they threw it to open space, not a Celtics jersey. Gortat ran to the ball and threw it to Beal. They took three dribbles — the first two advanced the ball forward, the third was between the legs for misdirection purposes — then they shot, and made, their first 3-pointer of the night, which brought the Wizards within two points with 1:09 left in the game. Here was Beal's account of that moment:
“We were going to blitz them, period. They [Isaiah Thomas] just made two big shots, so we had to get the ball out of their hand one way or another. We have some tall, athletic guys. Coach said blitz him, they can't see over our guys. We forced a turnover, Marcin [Gortat] came up with it. In transition guys are trying to match up, guys are scrambling, the clock is running down. It's a little bit panic mode, so I just took advantage of it. Guys were falling back, rose up and knocked it down.”
That Game Was…Historic
Had the Wizards lost to the Celtics in Game 6 they would have met the same fate as the Wizards of 2015, 2014 and 2005—death by second-round defeat at home. Friday night's win against the Celtics did not completely free them from meeting that same type of second-round demise, but it did enable the Wizards to play in a game that Coach Scott Brooks called, “the best words in all sports” — Game 7.
The last time Washington's NBA team played a Game 7. pic.twitter.com/kU0R00Qtg5 — KL Chouinard (@KLChouinard) May 13, 2017
The Wizards have not been involved in a Game 7 since 1979 when they defeated the San Antonio Spurs in the Conference Finals, 107-105, from the now-defunct Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland. They were the Bullets, not the Wizards, back then, and they ended up losing in five games to the Seattle Supersonics, who they had defeated to win their one and only title just one year prior.
Wall's game-winning shot last night allowed the Wizards to go further than they have in 38 years. Had they not hit that shot, it would be the third time that he, Beal and Gortat would have lost in six games in the second round, and they surely would have felt like they were running in place. If they lose Monday night's Game 7 in Boston, they will surely be disappointed, but perhaps they will find slight solace in knowing they have progressed further than they, or any other Wizards team in the past 38 years, have ever gone before. But if they defeat Boston and advance to the Eastern Conference Finals, their confidence will be sky high against the World Champion Cleveland Cavaliers.
When you force a Game 7, you slap @stephenasmith on the ass. pic.twitter.com/kbDYlUhF3k — Amy Rubin (@arubin820) May 13, 2017
The National Capital Commission “caved in” to lobbying by Tribute to Liberty, the charitable group raising funds for the new $5.5-million Memorial to the Victims of Communism, abandoning a policy that banned the acknowledgment of donors at commemorative sites, says the charity's former chair.
The 2012 policy reversal cleared the way for Tribute to Liberty, then struggling to raise money for the memorial, to offer donors name recognition at the memorial, which will occupy a 5,000-square-metre site between the Supreme Court and Library and Archives Canada.
However, a Department of Canadian Heritage spokesperson said the amendments “were not driven by Tribute to Liberty.”
Under a banner that reads “final opportunity,” a notice in Tribute to Liberty's most recent newsletter offers those who donate $1,000 a place on the memorial's “Wall of Remembrance.”
“You can forever memorialize the name of a loved one on the Memorial to the Victims of Communism's Wall of Remembrance with a $1,000 donation,” the text reads. “Space on the wall is limited. Make your donation today to ensure that the world never forgets the suffering endured under communism.”
As well, Tribute to Liberty's website promises an on-site plaque to those who donate $100,000 or more. Those who donate between $1,001 and $99,999 will also be recognized by name at the memorial site.
Under a policy adopted in 2006, the NCC explicitly ruled out this sort of donor recognition. “Donor contributions to the commemoration, whether financial or other, shall not be acknowledged in any manner as part of the commemorative site,” the policy stated.
In its fall 2011 newsletter, Tribute to Liberty reported that many donors and potential donors were asking why there was no donor recognition at the memorial site. The charity had total assets of just $9,574 at the time.
Tribute to Liberty had recently participated in an evaluation of the NCC's commemoration program, the newsletter said, and “raised the issue of on-site donor recognition. The NCC responded by saying they would look into the issue.”
In its winter 2012 newsletter, Tribute to Liberty advised that the NCC had promised an answer by March. “Tribute to Liberty is hopeful the NCC will change its policy regarding on-site recognition as it wants to be able to recognize donors at the memorial site.”
In an interview, Alide Forstmanis, who was chair of the charitable group from 2008 until October 2012, said they pushed for the policy review. It took about two years, they said, but “obviously, they caved in on that.”
Forstmanis, now the charity's treasurer, said about 500 people have made the requisite $1,000 donations and will be named on the Wall of Remembrance.
The NCC referred Citizen questions about the policy change to the Department of Canadian Heritage, which assumed responsibility for commemorative monuments in September 2013.
In an email, Tim Warmington, a media relations adviser with Canadian Heritage, said the amendments to the NCC's 2006 policy “were made with international standards in mind and were not driven by Tribute to Liberty.” In a followup interview, Warmington refused to say what motivated the policy change. “The response we provided is the response we provided,” they said.
Tribute to Liberty chair Ludwik Klimkowski denied that the charity is effectively selling space on the memorial. “I don't want to create an impression that there's some kind of monetary exchange here,” they said. “It is about gathering testimonials and information about the life of someone they would like to commemorate.”
Klimkowski suggested the fee was a way of limiting the number of names, given finite room on the memorial. “Obviously, we have to be prudent in terms of the space.”
Leslie Maitland, president of Heritage Ottawa, said on-site donor recognition is a relatively new idea that has become increasingly common in the arts and in heritage conservation projects.
However, they added, “It's a bit of a head-scratcher with something like a commemorative monument, because while you want to thank your generous donors, you don't want a distraction from what the actual theme of the monument is.”
Bill Pechet, director of Vancouver's Pechet Studio, which has worked on memorial projects, said donor recognition ideally should be disengaged from the memorial itself “so it's not encountered and confused with its actual purpose. It's not about the glorification of those who gave money.”
But Ottawa architect Barry Padolsky, who has publicly criticized the choice of a prime location on Wellington Street for the memorial, said recognizing donors at the memorial site “doesn't trouble me too much,” provided it is done discreetly.
Padolsky said it was “probably true” that the NCC policy wasn't changed in response to Tribute to Liberty's lobbying. “I think there's been pressure to find ways to engage sponsors and donors to contribute to public art and commemorations.”
Since the policy change, Tribute to Liberty's fundraising efforts have been much more successful. Including outstanding pledges, it now has raised about $1.5 million, Klimkowski said.
They said the names on the Wall of Remembrance will represent the stories of the 100 million people worldwide who were victimized by communist regimes.
“You cannot put hundreds of thousands of names of Canadians on the wall,” they said. “So I said, ‘Why don't we just ask 1,000 generous Canadians to represent the stories of the survivors and victims of communism?'”
Klimkowski made the first donation, but said their name on the wall will represent the story of a Polish priest who was tortured and killed for supporting the Solidarity movement.
“You might argue that my name on the wall is not representative of my story,” they said. “It doesn't necessarily have to be. I chose to commemorate a hero who is really close to my heart.”
dbutler@ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/ButlerDon
What donors get
Tribute to Liberty offers these levels of recognition to people who donate to the Memorial to the Victims of Communism:
LEGACY LEADERS: $100,000 and up
Name of a plaque on memorial
‘Special thank you gift'
Name and logo on Tribute to Liberty website
Name on bricks on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Photo and profile in Tribute to Liberty newsletter
Reserved seating at official dedication of memorial
VISIONARIES: $50,000 to $99,999
Name at memorial site
‘Special thank you gift'
Name and logo on Tribute to Liberty website
Name on bricks on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Invitation to the dedication reception
Special seating at official dedication of memorial
AMBASSADORS: $20,000 to $49,999
Name at the memorial site
‘Special thank you gift'
Name on bricks on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Invitation to the dedication reception
Invitation to the official dedication of the memorial
BUILDERS: $1,001 to $19,999
Name at the memorial site
Name on bricks on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Invitation to the dedication reception
Invitation to the official dedication of the memorial
CHALLENGERS: $1,000
Name at the memorial site
Name on bricks on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Invitation to the official dedication of memorial
STORYTELLERS: $200 to $999
Name on a brick on the website's virtual Pathway to Liberty
Opportunity to share a story, message or dedication to a victim of communism on the Tribute to Liberty website
FRIENDS: $199 and below
Intel has reached out over the timing of the introduction of its first 10nm products. In January, financial focussed news site Motley Fool put an Intel Job vacancy advert under the spotlight, as it indicted that 10nm products would not be introduced until 2018. Intel has since deleted that advert and made a statement to the Fool, confirming that its first 10nm products will roll out in H2 2017.
The since deleted Intel job vacancy was posted on 21st January and talked about how Intel's 10nm chip manufacturing technology would kick off mass production "approximately two years" from the posting date. That was spotted and picked up by the Fool as a "later than expected ramp of its next generation chip manufacturing technology". Other sites spread the news of the 'delay', especially compared to competitors like TSMC and Samsung which tout 10nm mass production starting from late 2016. What was happening to Intel's "technology leadership"?
As it says in the introductory paragraph, Intel has now reached out to the Fool with a correction. Intel PR told the publication that the job vacancy listing contained "errors". That vacancy advert has now been removed. Intel PR went on to clarify that its "first 10-nanometer product is planned for the second half of 2017."
Note the difference from the top graphic. 10nm won't be pushed back further, says Intel.
Other recent reports suggest that Intel will launch three processor families on its upcoming 10nm process; Cannonlake, Icelake, and Tigerlake. Meanwhile we are waiting for the 'stopgap' 14nm Kaby Lake processors to arrive, later this year.
A North Korean man will be freed from Malaysian custody because of a lack of evidence connecting them to the fatal nerve agent attack on the estranged half-brother of North Korea's ruler.
Ri Jong-chol was held in police detention for almost two weeks following the assassination of Kim Jong-nam at Kuala Lumpur's bustling airport on February 13.
"He will be released.  They are a free man. Their remand expires and there is insufficient evidence to charge him," said Malaysian Attorney-General Mohamed Apandi Ali on Thursday.
Mohamed said Ri will be deported because they do not have valid travel documents."He will be deported tomorrow," they said.
In a major fallout from the assassination, Malaysia also announced on Thursday it was scrapping visa-free travel for North Koreans.
Who produced the VX poison that killed Kim Jong-nam?
Officials never said why they arrested Ri four days after Kim was attacked.
The attack was caught on grainy security camera footage that showed two women smearing something on Kim's face as they waited for a flight. Malaysian officials say the substance was VX nerve agent, a banned chemical weapon.
North Korea is widely speculated to be behind the killing. Experts say the oily poison was almost certainly produced in a sophisticated state weapons laboratory.
Pyongyang has denied the accusations and said it was "absurdity" to believe the chemical weapon VX was used in Kim's killing.
Kim was dead within an hour as the fast-acting poison coursed through their body, authorities say. No bystanders reported falling ill.
Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said Thursday the visa-free arrangement with North Korea will be scrapped from Monday because of national security. They also slammed the North Korean ambassador in Kuala Lumpur who accused Malaysia of "trying to conceal something" and "colluding with hostile forces".
"We don't want to make enemies, but if they had used Malaysia for their own agenda, they should not accuse Malaysia and tarnish our image on the international stage," Zahid said. "We will act firmly to guarantee the safety of our people. Don't ever use Malaysia as a base to do anything you like."
Malaysia to cancel visa-free entry for North Koreans
The two female suspects caught in the security footage were charged with murder in a Malaysian court Wednesday. They face the mandatory death sentence if convicted.
Both say they were duped into thinking they were taking part in a harmless prank.
Kim reportedly fell out of favour with their father, the late Kim Jong-il, in 2001 when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
They were not known to be seeking political power, but their position as eldest son of the family that has ruled North Korea since it was founded could have made them appear to be a danger to their half-brother Kim Jong-un.
It'd be cliche to say that the eyes are the window to the soul, but they're certainly the key to a compelling photograph. This is intuitive when photographing people and pets, but no less true for birds. It's just that with small, fast moving subjects it takes more care and skill.
Always aim to photograph an eye with a bird attached. When the eye is properly captured, the rest of the bird usually follows. This post lays out 5 rules for capturing a bird's eye and thus a beautiful, compelling bird photograph.
Focus
Rule #1: An eye should be visible and in the sharpest focus of the image.
In a creative endeavor like photography, it seems odd for there to be rules. Isn't the goal to show something unique? Well, I could count on one hand the number of interesting bird photographs I've seen that either don't show an eye, or show one that isn't in sharp focus. And I've certainly never managed to take one. One of the most painful things I've had to do is to throw away a photo of a rare species or an otherwise perfect in-flight photo because the eye was just on the wrong edge of the depth of field.
👍 Focus point on eye
👎 Focus point on bill
When shooting a perched bird, it usually works well to use your lens' widest aperture with single point focus trained on the eye. This gives the sharpest possible eye with maximum background blur or bokeh. When the subject is moving fast or flying, it's often necessary to use a wider depth of field, f/8 or so. This along with continuous autofocus, a faster shutter speed (in the 1/1000 to 1/2000 range) and multiple focal points gives a better chance that the eye will be sharp.
Head position
Rule #2: The direction of the beak should be within 90 degrees (left or right) of the camera.
In other words, the bird should be looking towards the camera or in direct profile. Beginning bird photographers, myself included, tend to find this less intuitive than keeping the eye in sharp focus. But think about it terms of portraits of people. We don't tend to photograph the back of people's heads or people looking away from the camera.
👍 Head in direct profile
👎 Head titled away just beyond profile
That being said, there is slightly more room for creative expression here (e.g. in an action shot or multiple subject shot), but this is an important rule to know before you attempt to break it.
In order to get the right head position and overall pose, it's almost always necessary to shoot in burst mode (aka continuous shooting). Birds often dart their heads in all directions, usually too fast for us to react to the right pose with a single click. When you see your subject, just focus on the head and start the burst in anticipation of its movement. Many species (especially insectivores like flycatchers) can't help but look towards the interesting snare sound of the rapid shutter.
When going through the many exposures, just quickly delete the ones where the beak isn't towards the camera. At the limit of a profile pose, a slight vertical oval shape of the eye betrays when the head is just slightly over 90 degrees away from the camera. It may seem subtle, but just that little turn away from the camera can severely degrade the interest of the image.
Eye level
Rule #3: The camera should be the same height above ground as the eye.
Not shooting at eye-level is the most common differentiator I see between amateur bird snapshots and engaging bird photographs. Birds, with their pesky wings, are often above us. Or sometimes, particularly with waterfowl, they're below us. It's easy to just tilt the camera up or down, so that's what many people start out doing. In doing so, they capture a familiar sight -- the way we're used to seeing birds everyday. A photographer's goal is to highlight their subject in an uncommon light -- to show their viewers a new way of seeing the world. A great way to accomplish that is to put the viewer in the bird's perspective by shooting at their eye-level.
👍 From toe level through tilted viewfinder
👎 From standing head level
Now, getting the camera at the bird's eye-level is easier said than done. There's no silver bullet. It takes creativity, patience and luck. Here are a few tricks I've found work well.
For birds in flight or that like to be high in trees, try going somewhere with a steep hill. The slope often works to your advantage.
From a hill
Some bird preserves have viewing towers which are tailor made for this, but also consider that a second story window into a garden is basically the same thing.
From a second story window
When all else fails, back up. It's really the angle on the bird rather than the absolute height difference that matters. So using a long telephoto that lets you get a little distance away can compensate for some amount of camera tilt.
For birds on the ground, and especially floating on water, get the camera as low to the ground as you can manage. Even squatting is often not enough. A tilting view screen can let you put the camera on almost water level, or failing that, it may be necessary to lay on your stomach.
Light catch
Rule #4: The light should catch the eye.
That small reflection (called a catch) gives eyes that literal sparkle that makes them pop. As a nice benefit, if the light is right to catch in the eye, it usually follows that the side of the bird facing the camera is nicely lit as well.
👍 Head facing sun
👎 Head facing away from sun
Capturing the perfect catch usually entails just going out in the right light and keeping the sun to your back. The best light for photographing birds is low and direct. That means there are very long, sharp shadows usually found during the first and last hour of daylight. Resisting the temptation to go out photographing during other times leads to less agony over having to delete some good, but poorly lit photos.
When stalking birds, be aware of the sun position and try to keep yourself between the sun and the bird. This can be hard as it often means ignoring half of your field of vision, even if there are great birds there. The good news is that birds move around a lot, so sometimes it pays to just find a spot with good light and wait for the birds to come.
Exposure
Rule #5: The eye should be properly exposed.
Birds have a huge variety of eye colors, some of them striking. I love when a photograph highlights the beauty of the avian eye. There's nothing worse than a black, lifeless disk where a pupil and iris should be.
While it's obviously best to get the right exposure in the field, I find that most photographs benefit from increasing the eye exposure (and sometimes saturation) in post processing. The brush or selective editing tool found in most photo editors works perfectly. Often just +0.3 or +0.7 stops makes all the difference in the world.
👍 Eye exposure boosted in post production
👎 Underexposed, lifeless eye
Wrapping up
As I've been honing my bird photographs, these have been the most important rules I've discovered. Which do you find most true? Which can most often be broken? What else am I missing? Please let me know!
Super Bowl ads are supposed to leave an impression. After all, they cost $4.5 million for 30 seconds, $9 million for 1 minute and reach the largest audience of the year, so making one that sticks with viewers is important. However, the type of impression an ad leaves is just as important, if not more so, than leaving one in the first place. On that front, Nationwide Insurance may have made a super-fumble.
Nationwide ran an ad featuring a young boy talking about all the things in life they aren't going to get to do — ride a bike, get cooties — because they died in a “preventable accident.” Calling the ad a downer is an understatement. But it did leave an impression on the tens of millions of viewers who saw it. Unfortunately for Nationwide, that impression was incredibly negative.
Watch that ad:
Once it aired, the reaction was immediate. The Internet has empowered consumers to give instantaneous feedback on anything that enters the public consciousness. Nationwide didn't have to wait long to find out what the audience thought of their $6.75 million investment. It wasn't pretty.
The reaction was so negative that Nationwide had to issue a statement as to what their intent was:
Preventable injuries around the home are the leading cause of childhood deaths in America. Most people don't know that. Nationwide ran an ad during the Super Bowl that started a fierce conversation. The sole purpose of this message was to start a conversation, not sell insurance. We want to build awareness of an issue that is near and dear to all of us-the safety and well being of our children. We knew the ad would spur a variety of reactions. In fact, thousands of people visited MakeSafeHappen.com, a new website to help educate parents and caregivers with information and resources in an effort to make their homes safer and avoid a potential injury or death. Nationwide has been working with experts for more than 60 years to make homes safer. While some did not care for the ad, we hope it served to begin a dialogue to make safe happen for children everywhere.
The creators of the ad were “proud” of their work,
Truly proud of our #client @Nationwide and my team @Ogilvy for #makesafehappen. The most brave and the most important film of #SuperBowlAds — Adam Tucker (@Adman_Tucker) February 2, 2015
The public had a different reaction.
“Remember, we provide life insurance – for those of you who will die tragically instead of sad and alone.” #Nationwide — Frank J. Fleming (@IMAO_) February 2, 2015
Thanks #nationwide for making me feel like the worst parent ever. — David Spielman (@SpielzOnWheels) February 2, 2015
#Nationwide just ruined your night if you've lost a kid in any sort of accident. — Shaun McDonnell (@McShauno) February 2, 2015
I'd like to apologize to the planet for that horrible #Nationwide commercial. — Shaun McDonnell (@McShauno) February 2, 2015
Jesus Christ #nationwide. Pretty sure you could have presented that better. #SuperBowl — Mike Norris (@the_gadgeteur) February 2, 2015
Holy balls, #nationwide Thanks for the nightmares. — Krista (@KristaHay) February 2, 2015
Just finished my spec script for #Nationwide zombie kid movie. pic.twitter.com/vUH1bl1EVQ — Bill (@tomservo10) February 2, 2015
“@VOReilly_: When we all found out that kid was dead in the #nationwide commercial. pic.twitter.com/VMOgFIPgbZ” my exact reaction. — Jolion (@jolinemichelle1) February 2, 2015
It wasn't all outrage, some people had fun with it.
With the success of tonight's #SB49 ad, #Nationwide announces a new, brand-friendly format for the Nationwide Series. pic.twitter.com/oUPN5tqYJm — Jamie Gaines (@BizarroJG) February 2, 2015
Burger/Phanie/REX/Shutterstock
The stem cells that produce our blood have been created in the lab for the first time. These could one day be used to treat people who have blood diseases and leukaemia with their own cells, rather than bone marrow transplants from a donor. They could also be used to create blood for transfusions.
“This is a very big deal,” says Carolina Guibentif at the University of Cambridge, who was not involved in the research. “If you can develop [these cells] in the lab in a safe way and in high enough numbers, you wouldn't be dependent on donors.”
In a healthy adult, blood stem cells are found in bone marrow, where they replenish the supply of red and white blood cells and platelets. “They are sort of master cells,” says George Daley at Harvard Medical School.
Advertisement
When these cells don't work properly, they fail to maintain an adequate supply of blood cells. As a result, not enough oxygen reaches the body's tissues. This can cause serious disease if organs such as the heart are affected. Blood stem cells can also be wiped out by chemotherapy for leukaemia and other cancers.
People with these disorders tend to be treated with bone marrow – complete with blood stem cells – from a healthy donor. The difficulty is finding a match. There is a one in four chance of achieving this from a healthy sibling, but the odds are slashed to one in a million if a stranger needs to be found, says Daley.
Making cells
In an attempt to create blood stem cells in the lab, Daley and their colleagues started with human pluripotent stem cells – which have the potential to form almost any other type of body cell.
The team then searched for chemicals that might encourage these to become blood stem cells.
After studying the genes involved in blood production, the researchers identified proteins that control these genes and applied them to their stem cells.
They tested many combinations of the proteins, and found five that worked together to encourage their stem cells to become blood stem cells. When they put these into mice, they went on to produce new red and white blood cells and platelets. “It's very cool,” says Daley. “We're very excited about the results.”
A separate team has achieved the same feat with stem cells taken from adult mice. Raphael Lis at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York and their colleagues started with cells taken from the walls of the animals' lungs, based on the idea that similar cells in an embryo eventually form the body's first blood stem cells. The team identified a set of four factors that could encourage these lung stem cells to make them.
Big step forward
Both sets of results represent a “breakthrough”, says Guibentif. “This is something people have been trying to achieve for a long time,” they say. By working with adult mouse epithelial cells, Lis and their team show that the feat could potentially be achieved with cells taken from an adult person. Daley's team used human stem cells that could in theory be made from skin cells, bolstering the prospect that lab-made human blood could be next.
The lab-made stem cells are not quite ready to be used in people just yet, says Daley. Although all of their mice were healthy throughout the experiments, there is a risk that the cells could mutate and cause cancer. And the cells are not quite as efficient at making blood as those found in the body.
But once Daley and their team have honed their procedure, they might be able to make platelets and red blood cells for hospital use. These cell types don't have a nucleus, so are unable to divide and potentially cause cancer. They hope this procedure could be used within the next couple of years.
Eventually, Daley hopes their cells could be used to create whole blood suitable for transfusions. Not only would such a supply be more reliable than that from donors, but it would also be free of disease. “When new pathogens like Zika pop up, you have to make sure that blood is safe,” says Daley. “We'd be able to have more quality control.”
Journal references: Nature, DOI: 10.1038/nature22326; Nature, DOI: 10.1038/nature22370
Read more: Synthetic bone implant can make blood cells in its marrow;
Lab-grown blood given to volunteer for the first time
Quarterback Cam Newton will lead the Carolina Panthers against the San Francisco 49ers on the opening Sunday of the NFL's 2017 season. They hope they play as well as their brother Caylin Newton did in their season-opening game.
Playing quarterback for NCAA FBS member Howard in their first collegiate contest, Caylin Newton completed 15-of-26 passes for 140 yards with one touchdown and no interceptions and ran 21 times for 190 yards and two touchdowns in the Bison's 43-40 victory over Mountain West Conference member UNLV on Saturday. Newton's 4-yard touchdown run with 7:34 left to play provided the deciding points.
With Howard playing as a 45-point underdog, The Associated Press reported the upset was the greatest in college football history, based on point spread, eclipsing Stanford's victory over 40-point favorite Southern Cal in 2007.
"I've got my hands full with trying to follow up a great performance with him," Cam Newton said. "I've just seen all of the notoriety that he's been getting. I've just been seeing a lot of 'Cam Newton's little brother, Cam Newton's little brother.' I just would prefer their name just be Caylin. They deserve that right, and, hopefully, this is not the highest point of their career with them being a true first-year student. He's still got a long way to go."
Cam Newton, who won the Heisman Trophy at Auburn in 2010, managed to get a dig in at the Tigers' rival Georgia while talking to reporters about their brother during a press conference on Tuesday afternoon.
"I was teasing (Carolina Pro Bowl linebacker and former Georgia All-American) Thomas (Davis)," Newton said. "I said, 'Man, listen: Georgia needs a winner, and every Newton I know is a winner. You dig what I'm saying?' So they missed out on yet another one."
Cam Newton played at Westlake High School, and Caylin Newton played at Grady High School. Both schools are in Atlanta. Cam Newton initially went to Florida before eventually getting to Auburn. Caylin Newton wound up at a program that has had one winning season since 2005.
But Newton followed their swipe at the Bulldogs by saying they understood why their brother wasn't as highly recruited as they are. Caylin Newton is listed as 5-foot-11 and 195 pounds on Howard's roster. The Panthers' roster shows Cam Newton at 6-foot-5 and 245.
"I think he's a very undersized quarterback," Newton said. "But yet it doesn't measure the heart that they have, what they bring to the table. They have that 'it' factor that lets or to have guys follow him. That's what you want in your quarterback. To take a program like Howard, to take a program that isn't necessarily known for certain things and change the whole retrospect of what people think, now hearing them talk on the phone and hearing their responses to different things, it's like people, I'm telling him: You're giving people hope. A team that has probably been known for their band, people are going to football games to watch football now, not just to listen to the band play."
Newton said they watched their brother's game via livestream on the ESPN app and "there was a lot of refreshing going on."
"It was exciting for me to see that and hear from them and talk to them prior to the game," Newton said. "I try not to dump so much on him. It's a difference when you're Cam Newton and then it's a difference when you're a big brother. I try to find a fine line and give them a lot of experiences that I've had. But just like being a big brother and just like being a parent, it's trial and error. You can tell your kids everything they're about to go through, but as soon as they go through it, it's like, 'Man, I remember you telling me ...' And, 'Yeah, I told you,' but now here you are in the moment.
FOR MORE OF AL.COM'S COMPREHENSIVE COVERAGE OF THE NFL, GO TO OUR NFL PAGE
"I'm just so happy for him. When they went through their whole little recruiting process, they were so frustrated. And I knew, I could tell, I could sense it, and for them to have more of an impact at a historically black college where they overlook games like that -- they don't even make it to the newspaper really -- and for them to be on ESPN doing an interview, that's really unheard of. I can only think back to Steve McNair had a bigger splash like that. I'm not trying to compare, I'm just knowing that it's a (testament) to hard work for a person that wasn't highly recruited, they have seen their brother grow up and had accolades and had all the stardom coming out of high school. I just told them just be patient, everything works for the greater good. And knowing that everything that you have as your heart's desire is still coming to pass no matter if you're at Idaho Tech or wherever, they're going to find you. You just do your part and everything else will take care of itself -- and it did."
In 2013, Ilya Kovalchuk “retired” from the NHL, leaving for the Kontinental Hockey League and helping to rescue the New Jersey Devils from a potential salary cap calamity thanks to the cap recapture clause, voiding the final 12 years and $77 million US of their contract
He's now spent two seasons with SKA St. Petersburg in the KHL, scoring 137 points in 135 games and 12 more in 20 playoff games. Next season is the third year of their deal, which reportedly pays them as much as $15 million Euros annually “tax free” in Russia.
What's the future hold for him? A source close to the situation tells Finland's Iltalehti that Kovalchuk has had discussions with SKA management about returning to the NHL for the 2016-17 season, with one more year on their deal.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The story details some of the KHL's financial issues that could impact Kovalchuk's decision, as the collapse of the Ruble has affected the economic stability of several of the League's teams. But the fact is that a return to the NHL in 2016 has been strongly hinted at before, from no less an authority than Kovalchuk's own sister.
This is all well and good, save for one wrinkle: Kovalchuk can't just waltz back into the NHL as an unrestricted free agent.
Since they filed voluntary retirement papers, they would require approval from all 30 NHL teams to get back into the League or else they would need to sit out of hockey for a full season and then get the Devils' permission to return.
If they waited until they turned 35 in the 2018-19 season, they could return without any approval.
Provided their back holds up, Kovalchuk is a still a game-changing offensive talent. But desire to return to the NHL is one thing; the actual mechanics of that return are more complicated.
Story continues
How would Gary Bettman lean on this one? Ask their member teams to rubber stamp an all-world player's return to the League, or blackball someone that skirted their commitment and signed with a rival league?
s/t Ilari Savonen
MORE FROM YAHOO HOCKEY
​A robot snake, built for a project to uncover the secret of sidewinder rattlesnake locomotion, has learnt a few tricks from nature and can now climb up slippery sand dunes. Such robots, researchers say, can be useful in search and rescue missions.
In a study published in the latest Science Journal issue, a group of scientists applied the new insights from observing sidewinder rattlesnakes (Crotalus cerastes) to build a new model robotic serpent and calculate the best approach for snakes and their mechanical imitators to scale sandy slopes without slipping back down.
“Our initial idea was to use the robot as a physical model to learn what the snakes experienced,” said Daniel Goldman, an associate professor at Georgia Tech's School of Physics. “By studying the animal and the physical model simultaneously, we learned important general principles that allowed us to not only understand the animal, but also to improve the robot.”
Before the study, the robot only used one component of sidewinding motion to relocate across level ground. However, it could not ascend sand slopes like real snakes do. So researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University and Oregon State University collaborated to focus on understanding both horizontal and vertical motion of the animals.
Together with Zoo Atlanta researchers built a sand enclosure that could be moved to create different angles. By observing the real snakes in an inclined sand environment, recorded with high speed cameras for motion analysis, researchers report that on steeper slopes the reptiles increased their contact with the surface.
“Think of the motion as an elliptical cylinder enveloped by a revolving tread, similar to that of a tank,” said Howie Choset, a Carnegie Mellon professor of robotics. “As the tread circulates around the cylinder, it is constantly placing itself down in front of the direction of motion and picking itself up in the back. The snake lifts some body segments while others remain on the ground, and as the slope increases, the cross-section of the cylinder flattens.”
From that analysis, scientists specifically designed the modular snake robot to pass “horizontal and vertical waves through its body to move in three-dimensional spaces,” Georgia Institute of Technology said in a press release.
The serpent robot – called Elizabeth – was programmed to mimic the real snake and increase the length of contact with surface depending on its incline. The machine, built by Choset, is two inches in diameter and 37 inches long consisting of 16 joints.
WATCH MORE:Bio-inspired soft robot goes off-leash (VIDEO)
The new robot snake can slide over rough terrain, slink through tight cracks, and maneuver around debris – tasks which other kinds of robots are unable to do. This allows humans to potentially apply the new technology in a number of ways, for instance rescuing survivors trapped under the rubble, inspect dangerous environments or be used for scientific purposes in archeology.
“If we have the opportunity to return to Egypt, we'd use this capability,” creator of serpent robot told the National Geographic. "Archaeology is like search and rescue except everyone's been dead for thousands of years so there's no rush.”
Anonyupload link denied LIA TIMSON
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT: A screen shot of Anonyupload.
Relevant offers
An outfit claiming to be Anonymous says it is moving to replace defunct fire-sharing website Megaupload, following the latter's demise at the hands of the FBI.
However, a post on an Anonymous Twitter feed warns that the Anonyupload website may be a scam and says the hacking group has "no affiliation" with it.
Megaupload.com was shut down by the FBI in the early hours of Friday after charges were laid against seven individuals, three of which were arrested in New Zealand, including Megaupload's millionaire founder Kim Dotcom.
Anonyupload has called for supporters to join in hosting services in a decentralised fashion to "ensure the safety" of users and "rapid transfer" of files. The new site was registered on Monday and says it will be "launched" on January 25.
The site appears to be advocating a return to peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing, given Megaupload's centralised service was arguably simpler for law enforcement to take down. P2P users allow others to share files hosted on their own computers.
It also says the group's infrastructure has been set up outside US jurisdiction in Russia, and thanks Mr Dotcom for their "service" adding "try not to make that amount of money next time and it should be alright".
It appears to shun profit-making by stating that the site has a "good economic plan" based on donations: "let's try to not get into a huge system that only works with money". It appears to accept donations via PayPal.
Some commentators say the closure of Megaupload has implications for other cloud hosting or "cyberlocker" services such as Dropbox, RapidShare and Hostfile. The sites have no control over the files users upload, and users have no guarantee the service will not be targetted in a piracy crackdown.
In retaliation for the closure of Megaupload, Anonymous crippled several official websites including the FBI, the US Department of Justice, Universal Music, the Motion Picture Association of America, and the Recording Industry Association of America with distributed denial-of-service attacks on Friday.
Denial-of-service attacks cause websites to temporarily crumble under the weight of millions of requests for page views, disrupting service.
The FBI site is back online, but justice.gov was not at time of publishing.
Anonymous is against the anti-piracy lobby led by music, movie and book publishers. It found allies in opposition to US proposed copyright protection bills which many, including Google, Wikipedia and the father of the web, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, say go too far in censoring the internet. Several US senators withdrew support for the bills late last week.
Voting on the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and its Senate cousin Protect Intellectual Property Act (PIPA) has been postponed, amid the outcry.
- Sydney Morning Herald
The end has come…
Controversial private security contractor American Private Police Fore has officially backed out of a deal with Hardin, Montana, to run a local prison, APPF spokesperson Beck Shay announced this afternoon. (Watch Shay's press conference here.)Shay said that Hardin's economic development agency, which signed the deal with APPF, “deserves a less controversial partner.” They added that the jail needed upgrading, and “we just cannot make infrastructure investments at this time.”
The announcement comes after revelations that APPF's Michael Hilton, who led the negotiations with Hardin, has a history of criminal fraud. And numerous claims made by Hilton about the company's background and experience have been called into question.
Shay addressed those concerns, in a manner of speaking, telling the media:
We have not given you an opportunity to separate Michael Hilton from APF. For those people who feel there may be fraud, I would say to them: there was finally a contractor who was willing to come in and open that detention facility.
They added: “There was never any fraudulent intent in Hardin.”
Still, Shay showed a hint of the strain that the controversy has taken. “It's been a pretty arduous process,” they noted.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's cabinet will likely vote within two weeks on a proposal to allow another 33,000 Palestinian construction workers into Israel as the government seeks to ease the economic hardship that officials say has fuelled a wave of Palestinian attacks.
Palestinian labourers pray after crossing through Israel's Eyal checkpoint near the West Bank town of Qalqilya, in this June 13, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/Files
Some 43,000 Palestinians already work in the sector that does not usually attract Israeli labour.
Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon told a news conference on Monday they planned to bring the proposal to the cabinet for a vote on Sunday or the following Sunday.
Police say most of the Palestinian attacks since October have been carried out by Palestinians who cross into Israel without permits from the West Bank. Israeli security forces have killed at least 163 Palestinians, 107 of whom Israel says were assailants while Palestinians have killed 27 Israelis and a U.S. citizen.
As well as frustration over Jewish settlement-building, deemed illegal by the United Nations, on land Palestinians want for a state, tensions have been rising over Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque compound and Islamist calls for Israel's destruction.
Israeli military officials have said that improving the economic conditions for Palestinians could help alleviate the hardship that is partly fuelling the attacks.
In the West Bank, about 30 percent of Palestinians between the ages of 20 and 29 are unemployed, according to data from the Palestinian Statistics Bureau for the third quarter of 2015.
“We will get to more than 70,000 Palestinian construction workers,” the minister said, adding that funds would also be increased to allow for a smoother border crossing from Palestinian areas into Israel.
About 55,000 Palestinians have permits to work in Israel, mostly in construction and agriculture, while another 30,000 undocumented Palestinian labourers also enter Israel daily.
Kahlon also said they were committed to re-implementing a two year government budget for 2017-2018, while there were no plans to further reduce taxes despite solid tax collections.
They said a rise in the housing purchase tax to 10 percent from 8 percent in 2015 that was aimed at reducing the amount of home purchases for investment had worked and boosted state coffers by 1.2 billion shekels ($309 million), money used to pay for soldiers' pay hikes and allocations to the elderly.
Screen s in libgdx are updated once per an interval called a tick. For each tick, the render method is called, and only once it's complete can another tick occur . This means all your game's logic other than (de)initialization should be called from render , and - ideally - run in the same thread.
Due to machine-specific issues or issues with the game logic itself , the length of time each tick can take is not constant - this is why the delta parameter is provided, giving the millisecond amount between current an previous tick.
As you have probably figured out by now, we're going to need to tap into the tick mechanism to get started. So, let's end this installment by printing up subsequent ticks. Here's how our MainScreen will look now:
class MainScreen extends ScreenAdapter { lazy val camera = new OrthographicCamera() val batch: SpriteBatch = new SpriteBatch() var tick = 1L lazy val font = { val f = new BitmapFont() f.getData.setScale(2f) f } override def render(delta: Float) = { tick += 1 (1) //print tick Gdx.gl.glClearColor(0, 0, 0.5f, 1) Gdx.gl.glClear(GL20.GL_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT) camera.update() batch.setProjectionMatrix(camera.combined) batch.begin() font.draw(batch, s"Tick: $tick", 0, font.getCapHeight) (2) batch.end() } override def show() = { camera.setToOrtho(false, 800, 480) } }
1 Setting the tick number…​ 2 …​and printing it out.
Join via mail (print pdf form)
For international rates, click here (print pdf form)
To purchase a gift membership, click here
Annual membership supports FFRF's hard-working office, our educational and legal work, and includes: Ten issues a year of 24-page Freethought Today newspaper fully reporting on FFRF actions and news, as well as "Private Line" (a twice-yearly insider report on the Foundation). Members may vote during elections at the annual convention. All dues and donations are deductible for income-tax purposes. Life and Afterlife memberships are for individuals who wish to support FFRF for a lifetime (no renewal notices).
Any membership level from $50 - $500 may count for 2 members, provided both members live at the same household and we have current information for both individuals. When joining at these levels you will be asked to add or edit an additional household on the next screen.
And so, Raheem Sterling is on their way to Manchester City. Following a relatively brief but fairly intense transfer saga, the young forward travels up the M62 leaving a series of gently smouldering bridges in their wake.
There have been plenty of unpleasant aspects to this whole affair, but not a great deal of it has come from Sterling himself. Their agent, Aidy Ward, will obviously take the brunt of criticism, but since they have got the result they wanted, then they presumably will barely care. Instead, the response to Sterling's desire to leave Liverpool has been the most unpalatable. How dare a young and highly talented footballer attempt to improve both their career and bank account in the manner of thousands before him?
It's very much in that order, too. A move to City obviously comes with a large pay raise, but only the most deluded history-dwelling Liverpool fan would think this isn't a promotion for Sterling. Greater earning potential is certainly a motivating factor, but greater winning potential is much more of one. You could even make the case that they could've earned just as much at Anfield if money was their only desire, because without Champions League football or a world-class squad, money is one of the few things Liverpool could tangibly offer.
The question of whether this is a good move for Sterling is one that has been raised at length, often by the coterie of ex-Liverpool players who are always keen to pipe up whenever a microphone is placed in front of them. However, it's faintly baffling that this is even a debate. This is undoubtedly a positive step for Sterling's career for any number of reasons, and not just because they will no longer be playing for a manager who occasionally plays them at right wing-back.
In trying to persuade Sterling to stay at Anfield, Brendan Rodgers has stated that Liverpool is the best place for their development to continue, as if it is a simple fact.
"If their ambition is to win trophies, that's perfectly aligned with what we are trying to do here," they said in May, when Arsenal were talked about as a potential destination. "The player they are today is because of the environment we've created here. He's not going anywhere in the summer and we'll focus on trying to make them the best player we can... Our relationship is strong, which is important. They know I am working in the best interests of the club and him."
One wouldn't expect Rodgers to say much different, but it seems faintly silly to think that Liverpool is undeniably the best place for them to improve. At Liverpool, Sterling would be the primary attacking threat, particularly if Daniel Sturridge's fitness problems continue. It could be a benefit to Sterling if every opposing defender is gravitating toward him, but what and from whom would they really learn in such a situation? Sterling's best form for Liverpool came when playing alongside Sturridge and Luis Suarez, and while you can argue about the respective quality of that forward line and City's, Sterling's new club undoubtedly has a higher calibre of talent than their old one now.
With Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Yaya Toure and even Samir Nasri at City, a certain amount of pressure will be taken off Sterling, for they will not be solely responsible for their attacking threat as they were at times last season. And, he'll be surrounded with a higher level of footballer that will surely improve their own game. There are areas to improve, not least in their finishing and occasional decision-making, but one suspects there is a greater chance of this at City than Liverpool.
So it's clear why Sterling wants City, but why do City want Sterling?
One of the questions about City paying such a large amount of money for someone with barely two seasons of Premier League football under their belt has been whether Sterling is good enough for their first team, let alone for the money they paid. Sterling was certainly inconsistent last season, but then again most Liverpool players were; "inconsistent" would be a reasonably kind assessment of some of their squad. Sterling is still frighteningly young and has more potential than any other player of their age in the country, perhaps in Europe, so the question of whether this 20-year-old has delivered on their potential seems harsh and ridiculously premature.
Of course, the fee is basically irrelevant in terms of accurately gauging a player's ability, as it almost always is. The quality of a player is only a small part of the rationale; you must also take into account their age, nationality, importance to both buying and selling club, ability of the buying club to pay, willingness of the player to leave, and in Sterling's case, the reported 20 percent sell-on clause inserted into the deal to take them from QPR to Liverpool a few years ago. Comparing this fee to more or less any other is pretty much pointless.
However, City are paying for more than just potential. Forty-nine million pounds is obviously a startling amount of money, and while City are definitely keen to up their quota of homegrown players, they're not paying that much money just for someone to tick boxes. It's not so much that Sterling can go straight into Manuel Pellegrini's side, which they very much can, but more that they fit with basically any attacking arrangement that City could favour. He'll improve most of them, too.
If Pellegrini sticks with the rough 4-4-2/4-2-2-2 that they favoured for much of last term, or indeed plays a 4-2-3-1, then Sterling will slot in on the right wing and will certainly be an upgrade on the occasionally unfairly derided but erratic Jesus Navas.
(For anyone who thinks Sterling will be another Jack Rodwell or Adam Johnson, Navas appeared in 47 games for City last season. Sterling will be fine even if they are just a right winger, but they are very clearly not and gives Pellegrini more tactical flexibility than Navas does, or indeed any other player in their squad aside from perhaps David Silva.)
Sterling's pace is obviously the first quality that many people will cite, and while that is a significant threat, it ignores everything else that they bring. Sterling is not necessarily creative in the same way that someone like Silva is, but their football brain certainly works slightly differently than many other players'. Take, for example, the goal they scored against City in 2014, a simple twist and drop of the shoulder making the City defence look like the proverbial fire engine attending the wrong fire. In an ostensibly simple move, they spotted an opening that few others would have, or at least would have in the same way, and it's that sort of instinct that City will look to mine and improve.
Sterling could also be deployed as one of a front three; you can almost hear the panic of the Premier League's defenders as they contemplate facing an attacking trio of Sterling, Silva and Sergio Aguero. They could also play behind a front two, presumably Aguero and Wilfried Bony (he should improve following their disappointing first few months in a City shirt), a role that they excelled in when deployed there for Liverpool and certainly a valuable option should Pellegrini want a slightly more direct threat than Silva. Sterling would also be a viable candidate for a striking role, either with one of the other established forwards or on their own.
There are risks in building up a player as young as Sterling like this, but at the moment the question doesn't seem to be quite whether Sterling will improve City and indeed improve at City, but in how many ways they will do so.
In a few years, it may seem silly that the £49 million was ever questioned.
Nick Miller is a writer for ESPN FC, covering Premier League and European football. Follow them on Twitter @NickMiller79.
WASHINGTON — A scan of brain activity can effectively read a person's mind, researchers said Thursday.
British scientists from University College London found they could differentiate brain activity linked to different memories and thereby identify thought patterns by using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
The evidence suggests researchers can tell which memory of a past event a person is recalling from the pattern of their brain activity alone.
“We've been able to look at brain activity for a specific episodic memory — to look at actual memory traces,” said senior author of the study, Eleanor Maguire.
“We found that our memories are definitely represented in the hippocampus. Now that we've seen where they are, we have an opportunity to understand how memories are stored and how they may change through time.”
The results, reported in the March 11 online edition of Current Biology, follow an earlier discovery by the same team that they could tell where a person was standing within a virtual reality room in the same way.
The researchers say the new results move this line of research along because episodic memories — recollections of everyday events — are expected to be more complex, and thus more difficult to crack than spatial memory.
In the study, Maguire and their colleagues Martin Chadwick, Demis Hassabis, and Nikolaus Weiskopf showed 10 people each three very short films before brain scanning. Each movie featured a different actor and a fairly similar everyday scenario.
The researchers scanned the participants' brains while the participants were asked to recall each of the films. The researchers then ran the imaging data through a computer algorithm designed to identify patterns in the brain activity associated with memories for each of the films.
Finally, they showed that those patterns could be identified to accurately predict which film a given person was thinking about when they or they were scanned.
The results imply that the traces of episodic memories are found in the brain, and are identifiable, even over many re-activations, the researchers said.
The results reinforce the findings of a 2008 US study that showed similar scans can determine what images people are seeing based on brain activity.
The revolving door between industry groups and the Obama administration's trade shop has been busy lately. Earlier this month, we learned that assistant US Trade Representative Stan McCoy has accepted a new job with the Motion Picture Association of Europe, Middle East, and Africa, a Hollywood lobbying group.
The announcement came a few weeks after the Obama administration announced it was naming a former software industry lobbyist to be deputy U.S. trade representative.
These personnel moves are the latest examples of what critics say is a disturbingly cozy relationship between the agency and industry groups that favor stronger copyright and patent protections.
The Office of the United States Trade Representative represents the United States in international trade negotiations. These agreements invariably include language on copyright and patent law, and the agency's stance on these issues has been curiously one-sided.
the agency's stance on these issues has been curiously one-sided.
For example, US trade negotiators have been pushing to require all countries to extend copyright terms. It also wants to prohibit generic drugmakers from using safety and efficacy data that was previously produced by a brand-name drugmaker. It's obvious how these policies benefit Hollywood and the pharmaceutical industry, respectively. It's hard to see how either policy benefits Americans more broadly.
Blurred lines
Last year I wrote that at least a dozen former senior USTR officials have moved to industry groups that favor stronger protections. McCoy's hire makes it a baker's dozen. Previous hires include Greg Frazier, who (according to their LinkedIn page) spent 8 years as the executive vice president of the Motion Picture Association of America after a stint at USTR. Other former USTR officials took jobs at drug and medical device companies.
McCoy's old job, assistant USTR for intellectual property and innovation, made them the Obama administration's highest-ranking trade negotiator on patent and copyright issues. Jamie Love, director of the public interest organization Knowledge Ecology International, notes that this isn't the first time USTR's top intellectual property official has gone on to take a lobbying job. McCoy's predecessor, Victoria Espinel, is now the head of the software industry group BSA.
Holleyman supported the controversial Stop Online Piracy Act
Espinel's predecessor at BSA was Robert Holleyman, the man Obama just nominated to a senior post at USTR. While at BSA, Holleyman supported the controversial Stop Online Piracy Act, which would have created an official internet blacklist to aid in anti-piracy efforts. (He backtracked a few weeks later after an uproar in the technology community.)
Another of McCoy's predecessors as USTR's top IP official is Joe Papovich, who later spent seven years as a lobbyist for the recording industry.
How the revolving door shapes USTR
So how do all of these personnel changes affect the USTR's negotiating posture? I doubt public servants like McCoy consciously pursue dubious policies in an effort to curry favor with future employers. McCoy's press representative hasn't responded to my interview request, but I assume McCoy sincerely believes the Hollywood-friendly policies they advocated at USTR were in the interests of the nation.
the revolving door creates a strong but subtle pressure on USTR's culture.
But the revolving door between USTR and industry groups creates a strong but subtle pressure on USTR's culture. Like many government agencies, USTR regularly turns to outside experts to help it sort through complex trade issues. Naturally, they turn to people they trust: their former colleagues — or even former bosses — who now work at trade organizations with plenty of resources to devote to understanding the minutia of trade policy.
And of course, as Holleyman's hire illustrates, the revolving door can carry people in either direction. A USTR staffer's former colleague who works at an industry trade group this year might be their boss next year. So over time, the culture and values of industry groups like the MPAA, BSA, and RIAA seeps into USTR. USTR staffers who cater to the interests of these industries are seen as team players and get promoted. Those who push for a more balanced approach are seen as trouble-makers and get marginalized.
The revolving door was hardly invented by the Obama administration. USTR has been swapping staffers with industry groups for decades. But the decision to hire Holleyman just as McCoy becomes a lobbyist for Hollywood presents an interesting contrast with Obama's first presidential campaign, when they vowed that lobbyists "won't work in my White House."
Update: USTR says it didn't receive my email requesting comment for this story.
The West Bank thriller will be considered for the shortlist of nominees at next year's Academy Awards
Palestine has selected Eyes of a Thief, the second feature by Najwa Najjar, as its Oscar contender in the best foreign-language film category.
The film, a psychological thriller set in the West Bank and based on real events, recently had its world premiere in Ramallah at the Ramallah Cultural Palace to a packed audience of 850, well above the venue's capacity of 700, and was on Thursday officially picked by the Palestinian Ministry of Culture for Oscar consideration.
It stars Egyptian actor Khaled Abol Naga as a former prisoner who returns to their hometown with a dark secret after serving 10 years in an Israeli jail. The story moves between 2002, the height of the second Palestinian uprising and Israeli military incursions, and the present.
Read more Field of Foreign-Language Oscars Contenders Begins to Come Into Focus
"The nomination of Eyes of a Thief to the Oscars is about getting a Palestinian narrative reflecting the human story of a sensitive subject at the core of [the] Palestinian/Israeli conflict out there," Najjar told The Hollywood Reporter, also highlighting the "incredible difficulties in making a film shot completely in the Palestinian Territories."
Speaking to THR in Cannes, where Eyes of a Thief was looking for international sales, Najjar said that getting the permission for Abol Naga to get into the West Bank proved to be one of the biggest challenges and that they only found out they could cross the border from Jordan days before production began. “We really didn't know if they would make it,” they said, adding that there were daily military incursions by Israel into the city of Nablus, where much of the shoot took place.
Read more Wallace Shawn on Gaza: "The Anger of the Palestinians Cannot Be Ended By Killing Their Children"
Eyes of a Thief follows on the heels of Omar, which was Palestine's entry to the Academy Awards last year and made it through to the official nomination selection, losing out in the end to Italy's The Great Beauty. Its director, Hany Abu-Assad, also received a nomination for their previous feature, 2006's Paradise Now, which won the Golden Globe for best foreign language film.
Najjar's first feature, 2008's tense family drama Pomegranates and Myrrh, had its world premiere at the Dubai International Film Festival, going on to pick up a raft of awards from festivals around the world.
NASA tweeted that the first US city to witness the unusual event, which has been branded by hardline evangelical Christians as a sign of the end of the world, would be the US city in Oregon.
Of course, the US space agency does not believe anything untoward will happen during or after the eclipse, and has set up a base in the city to use high-tech equipment to capture stunning images of the eclipse.
NASA tweeted: “The eclipse's path will stretch from Salem, Oregon to Charleston, South Carolina.
“Observers outside this path will still see a partial solar eclipse.”
This month's solar eclipse, known as the “Black Moon” by followers of the Wicca religion, will be the first in more than a century to travel all the way from the east coast to the west coast of America,
Yet, several online conspiracy theories have caused panic among believers that an apocalypse will follow the event.
A man carries goods in New Delhi, India. Anindito Mukherjee/Reuters Delhi is the world's most polluted city because it is a "toxic pollutant punchbowl" with a wide variety of factors giving it its notorious title, a study has found.
By assessing the megacity's landscape, weather, growing population and energy consumption, scientists were able to work out how and why Delhi is so polluted.
The team, from the University of Surrey, found a combination of factors combined to cause elevated levels of air pollutants - leading to the death of thousands of people every year.
Study author Prashant Kumar said: "Whilst it might be easy to blame this on increased use of vehicles, industrial production or a growing population, the truth is that Delhi is a toxic pollutant punchbowl with myriad ingredients, all which need addressing in the round."
"Air pollution has been placed in the top ten health risks faced by human beings globally. Delhi has the dubious accolade of being regularly cited as the most polluted city in the world, with air pollution causing thousands of excess deaths in a year in this growing megacity."
In the study, which has been accepted for publication in the journal Atmospheric Environment, the researchers note that Delhi has a population of around 25.8 million - a figure that is continuing to grow. Energy consumption in the city rose by 57% between 2001 and 2011.
Vendors selling drinks stand beside vehicles near the India Gate war memorial on a smoggy day in New Delhi Thomson Reuters The growing population is expected to bring with it an increase in road vehicles - experts are predicting it will rise from 4.7 million seen in 2010 to 26 million in the next 15 years.
But it is not just cars that is causing the rise. Chennai has 10-times more cars, but pollution rates are 10-times lower. Other factors at play cause the extreme pollution, the authors say.
Because the city is landlocked, there are few ways to get rid of polluted air. For example, coastal cities like Mumbai are refreshed by sea breezes. But Delhi's surrounding industrial regions are often more polluted by the city itself.
Its densely packed architecture, varying building heights and weather conditions also affect its ability to get fresh air - decreasing temperatures draws outside polluted air into the city, while hot windy and dusty summer conditions worsen the problem. Add to this the use of low-quality fuels like raw wood, diesel generators and cow dung, air pollution becomes inevitable.
A traffic police officer directs traffic in front of India's presidential palace Rashtrapati Bhavan amid dense smog in New Delhi November 14, 2012. B Mathur/Reuters "The picture of Delhi's pollution problem is complicated and is aggravated by some factors that are out of human control," Kumar said. "However, in this growing city it is important that the population is protected in whatever ways they can be from health-endangering pollutants."
They said putting artificial or natural grass on unpaved roadsides might help to limit the course of dust particles during windy seasons, while investment in wetlands and trees would also go some way to limiting pollution.
Indian prime minister Narendra Modi has made a number of commitments to tackle air pollution in the country. In April they launched the country's first air quality index and environment minister Prakash Javadekar said the move "may prove to be a major impetus to improving air quality in urban areas, as it will improve public awareness in cities to take steps for air pollution mitigation".
Kumar said the cultural context is vital to reduce air pollution: "Even the best science and technology will not succeed in reducing emissions and improving air quality if it is not considered in a broader framework of economic development of the country, rising awareness of public health risks and a change in attitudes and regulation towards poor quality fuels.
It is a complicated, pick-and-mix of problems that will prove difficult to combat without innovative, encompassing and quick action."
18 August 2014 | Hitchcoc
9 | Data on Display!
I was totally taken in by Fajo's despicable character. In just a few minutes, they made me despise him. Their whiny being, their mean spiritedness, their entitlement, all lead one to find them as bad as they get. When they kidnap Data so they can display them as a prize, they get more than they bargained for. The only way they can get the Android to obey their wishes is through threat to another crew member who has been loyal to them for most of their life. They have not regarded for life or loyalty and may be the most self-centered character on record. I did love that their collection of artifacts included a 1962 Roger Maris Topps baseball card (the year after they broke Ruth's single season record). The one thing that Data doesn't do for them is to perform for their friends when they come one board. What good is this stuff if you can't impress someone with it? Kudos to Saul Rubinek whom we've seen in countless character roles over the years. The diminutive elf with the razor's edge is inscrutable to the bitter end.
The $3.8billion Dakota Access pipeline began shipping oil for customers on Thursday, as Native American tribes that opposed the project vowed to continue fighting.
Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners announced that the 1,200-mile line carrying North Dakota oil through South Dakota and Iowa to a distribution point in Illinois had begun commercial service.
The Dakota Access pipeline and the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline from Illinois to the Gulf Coast together make up the $4.8billion Bakken Pipeline system, which ETP said has commitments for about 520,000 barrels of oil daily.
'The pipeline will transport light, sweet crude oil from North Dakota to major refining markets in a more direct, cost-effective, safer and more environmentally responsible manner than other modes of transportation, including rail or truck,' the company said in a statement.
Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners announced that the 1,200-mile line carrying North Dakota oil through South Dakota and Iowa to a distribution point in Illinois had begun commercial service. Pictured is the pipeline during construction in 2016
Grow America's Infrastructure Now, a coalition of businesses, trade associations, and labor groups that benefit from infrastructure development, issued a statement saying projects such as Dakota Access 'are key components to unlocking our nation's economic potential and creating jobs.'
Four Sioux tribes in the Dakotas are still fighting in federal court in Washington, D.C., hoping to persuade a judge to shut down the line.
Tribes and environmental groups fear it might pollute water sources.
More than half a year of protests in North Dakota resulted in 761 arrests before President Donald Trump's administration and the courts allowed the pipeline to be completed earlier this year.
But four Sioux tribes in the Dakotas are still fighting in federal court in Washington, D.C., hoping to persuade a judge to shut down the line. Pictured are protesters against the pipeline in November
'Now that the Dakota Access pipeline is fully operational, we find it more urgent than ever that the courts and administration address the risks posed to the drinking water of millions of American citizens,' Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault said in a statement.
'This pipeline became operational today, yet it has already leaked at least three times.'
The leaks came as the line was being prepared for service.
The Dakota Access pipeline and a feeder line leaked more than 100 gallons of oil in western North Dakota in separate incidents in March, and the Dakota Access line leaked 84 gallons of oil in northern South Dakota in April. No waterways were affected.
President Uchtdorf recalls being a refugee, asks members to reach out
Europe has a great historic past, and it has a wonderful future because of dedicated Latter-day Saints and the great blessings of the gospel, said President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, second counselor in the First Presidency, after returning from a two-week visit to the area.
President Uchtdorf and their wife, Sister Harriet Uchtdorf, visited Europe May 9 through May 24, offering hope to members in cities recently impacted by terrorist attacks, visiting refugees, checking on the status of the Paris France Temple that is under construction and participating in the creation of the first stake in the Czech Republic.
During the trip, President Uchtdorf also visited the place of their birth — Ostrava, Czech Republic — and conducted priesthood leadership meetings and missionary/member devotionals in Brussels, Belgium; Paris, France; Zurich, Switzerland; Manchester, England; and Belfast, Ireland.
“It is a wonderful thing to be assigned by President Monson to go on a trip like this,” said President Uchtdorf, who before their service in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and then the First Presidency, served as area president in Europe.
Paris, France, and Brussels, Belgium
President Uchtdorf said visiting Brussels, Belgium, and Paris, France, was “a testimony of the goodness” of the people in those countries that have recently been impacted by terrorist attacks, but have moved on with courage and hope, and are now reaching out to others.
“Of course we can't help everyone, but we can help a lot and we can help one fellow human being at a time. That is what the Church and its members do. Sometimes the help is more than temporal. It is also emotional and spiritual. Members are inviting people into their homes with their families. They look into their eyes and talk with them, not down to them, but as fellow beings. We are all brothers and sisters. We are all children of our Heavenly Father.”
They said when bad things happen and people are in need, the Church is there to help. “We are not just there two days after something happens to declare our condolences, our sympathy and our support, but we are there to stay. We come and we stay. When the press and cameras are gone, the Church and the members are still there and continue to help.”
Prague, Czech Republic
Upon arriving in the Czech Republic, President and Sister Uchtdorf visited Karlstejn, the place where Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles dedicated the land for the preaching of the gospel. Then they traveled to Prague and met with Latter-day Saints. There President Uchtdorf created the Prague Czech Republic Stake — the Church's first in the nation.
“You could feel how ready they were and how desirous they were to receive the full blessings of a stake of Zion,” said President Uchtdorf.
They called the members humble and prepared. They said the history of the area is a testimony of suffering, courage, endurance and hope. Many countries have tried to occupy this part of the world. “They were always struggling for their own identity and had to go through this process. But you can tell this nation and its people are very strong and focused in the European community. The members of the Church know who they are and what they stand for. They feel at home there, and they are a solid part of their communities. It is a great blessing for this nation to have the Church there, especially now with a fully organized stake and wards.”
A strong new generation is building on the efforts of the past generations of Latter-day Saints in the country, they said, as missionaries from the Czech Republic are sent out to all the world.
Zurich, Switzerland
In Switzerland, President and Sister Uchtdorf met with local leaders in the German-speaking stakes. They answered questions and, on behalf of President Thomas S. Monson, thanked them for their service in this historic part of Europe. “The Church has had faithful members here for [generations],” they said, noting that these leaders have their “feet on the ground” and their heads and hearts “in heaven.”
There are strong families in the area that are growing much as a strong oak tree grows, they said. The Church in Europe “is growing slowly, but it is growing into a strong tree,” they said.
Manchester, England
President and Sister Uchtdorf met with Church public affairs representatives during a meeting in Manchester, England. These public relations representatives have built wonderful relations with the governments and the media in Europe, they said.
“We are confident that this is the Church of Jesus Christ,” they said. “He is in charge. It is Their Church. In our relationships with government and public officials, we must reflect a natural confidence and humility in our testimony of the gospel. In a humble, natural, but confident manner, we can declare our values and principles as the Church of Jesus Christ. We are there to help our fellowman. We are there to strengthen families and communities. We respect others, and we expect to be respected for our beliefs and our faith, and for what is sacred to us.”
Belfast, Northern Ireland
President Uchtdorf said they were touched by a beautiful Primary choir from the Belfast Northern Ireland Stake. The country has a great history, but also a challenging history that is marked by feuding religious groups in the nation.
“They are not perfect yet, but reconciliation is something we need to find in all places,” they said. “We need to reach out and talk with each other to find a solution. The gospel of Jesus Christ is the answer. It is the answer for peacefully, lovingly working together and living together.”
President Uchtdorf said they love the motto of the city of Belfast: Pro Tanto Quid Retribuamus or “What shall we give in return for so much?”
“We as Church members have been given so much,” they said. “We have been given more than eyes can see or that hearts can feel and minds can comprehend. We need to return some of this to our fellow man.”
Many members in Europe said President and Sister Uchtdorf spread hope during their visit.
“That's the message of the gospel,” said President Uchtdorf. “We should never fear. As Paul said, ‘For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind' (2 Timothy 1:7). We should always have hope, because God is with us. It is a wonderful thing. We can trust Him.”
[email protected] @SJW_ChurchNews
Sunday morning traffic screamed past on Interstate 94 in Albany, Minn. — families heading for the lake, truckers facing deadlines, couples heading down the road to breakfast. The sun crept higher, its glare intensifying, along with my sense of the drivers' indifference. An hour. Two hours.
All I'd have to do was hop across the median and turn my back on all of this — head east, back to the Twin Cities and home, and forget I'd even thought about hitchhiking to visit a friend in Twisp, Wash., 1,500 miles away in the mountains east of Seattle. I could be home in two hours, and spend my week's vacation fishing.
That's when the red pickup hauling the enormous horse trailer slowed to a long halt.
“Where are you going?” I asked the driver.
“Bismarck,” they said.
An evening storm approached on Interstate 90 in Montana during the author's weeklong hitchhiking adventure.
I was in. Decades ago I'd been one of thousands of hitchhikers lining the nation's highways, but in the past 30 years (driving my own vehicles, of course) I probably hadn't seen even a dozen, anywhere in the United States. I wanted to understand what had changed about the American road I once thought I knew. I'd turned 60, and summer was coming. There was no waiting.
I'd told a select few people I was going — friends who I knew would understand why, at my age, I didn't just go on a cruise or cut back on salt. And I gave short notice. I told my kids — grown-ups and moms now — who went slightly pale, but knew they couldn't argue. When people asked if I was afraid, I quoted Elijah Wald, a lifelong global hitchhiker and author who wrote that these days predators aren't out burning up $3.50-per-gallon gas looking for victims; they're working the Information Highway.
Then on a Saturday morning in August, I hopped on the Northstar commuter train in downtown Minneapolis with a borrowed backpack and a handmade sign reading “West,” hopped off in Big Lake and headed for the highway.
There are a lot of reasons hitchhikers went the way of the passenger pigeon in America. A dramatic increase in car ownership is one. The aging of baby boomers (like me) is another. The outsized role of crime in the news may be the biggest. But some experts, like Alan Pisarski, a transportation consultant and author of “Commuting in America,” say that hitchhiking could be ready for a renaissance.
The empty space in most cars is “a colossal resource that we waste,” Pisarski has often stated. Social media can be used both to connect and screen drivers and riders, they have pointed out. Indeed, that's been the case in recent years in Washington, D.C., and several other major cities, where solo rush-hour drivers meet potential passengers to share the commute via the Web.
But long-haul hitchhiking to out-of-the-way places is another matter and doesn't appear to have many practitioners. It's still cheap, but in our planned, monitored and measured lives, it remains unreliable. Also, it requires spending long stretches of time with complete strangers in the odd intimacy of the front seat.
Stephen Dubner, co-author of “Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything,” says in an analysis of hitchhiking that Americans' greatest fear may be the fear of strangers. I wanted to fight that off.
And for six days, over the course of 20 rides covering nearly 1,800 miles, that's what I did — as did every person who picked me up.
Secret of the white shirt
The driver of that fateful red pickup was John Berger, taking eight bulls and one pony back home to Mandan, N.D., from a rodeo in Rice Lake, Wis.
“You looked like a clean-cut fellow,” Berger told me, when I asked why he'd picked me up. (Good tip from a friend: Wear a white shirt.)
In the air-conditioned comfort of their cab, which they shared with their rat terrier, Spike. Berger told me how their grandfather had bred championship bucking bulls and how they drive thousands of miles each year supplying bulls for rodeos. The 29-year-old also spoke about their other jobs, brokering cattle and selling antiques and cars. Someday, they said, they might like to try hitchhiking himself.
I don't meet bucking bull brokers every day, even in my job as a newspaper reporter.
Nor do I routinely find myself riding on the back of a motorcycle driven by a burly guy with spikes protruding from their eyebrows.
“You gotta be kidding,” I said when Dale pulled up next to me on the entrance ramp at Monticello, Minn.
“This'll work. Just tie that backpack on with those bungees,” they said. I turned my cap around (seeing as I hadn't packed a helmet), we leaned into the traffic, and I was off on my first-ever motorcycle ride while hitchhiking.
Next surprise: Dale, who later told me he'd recently gotten out of prison, asked if I was hungry or thirsty. Which is how we ended up at their church picnic, just up the road in Clearwater, Minn., before they brought me onward to St. Cloud.
When I asked Dale why he'd picked me up, they said God had told them to. I'm not what you'd call a man of faith, but that's what Dale left me with: faith that the rides would come, faith that I'd get somewhere, even if it wasn't where I'd intended.
And so it went. A National Guard chaplain and psychologist, whose wife was president of the school board in Dickinson, N.D. Workers in the North Dakota fracking fields, one heading all the way home on vacation to Idaho. A circuit-riding pharmacist. Zach, a former Mormon missionary, and Chelsea, college students on their way to visit their parents in Colville, Wash. And, in succession, two off-duty tribal police officers, who helped me cover what I'd thought might be the toughest part of my trip, across more than 150 miles of eastern Washington on two-lane roads. These were people I should fear?
Patron saints
It dawned on me, in fact, that despite the thousands of people who roared by me, these few who picked me up were actually looking out for me. And so were some who weren't even on the road.
At Three Forks, Mont., the waiter in the bakery slipped me two scones in a bag. “No charge,” they said. “In case you get hungry.”
And a short time later, I heard from the hitchhiking ancestors themselves.
Bored and wandering the shoulder at the entrance to I-90, checking out the trash and wildflowers as little traffic came by, my eyes were drawn to what looked like some rusted scribbling at eye level on a light pole. I walked up close and read: “Rainbow Krystal. 7/1/81. Good Hitching to You All.” A later Google search confirmed my hunch; Krystal had probably been on their way to that year's Rainbow Gathering in Washington state with thousands of others, many of them with their thumbs out on the shoulders of Western highways. Thirty years later, of course, I was the only hitchhiker to be seen. But the connection with Krystal felt almost alive. And as I was thanking them for the well wishes, another ride pulled up, good for 60 miles to Butte.
By late Wednesday, my ride with one of the tribal officers had ended at the Chief Joseph Dam in Bridgeport, Wash. The sun was dropping toward the rim of some low mountains behind the town, but if I could get to the next junction, I'd be within 40 miles of Twisp. I wouldn't feel too bad about calling my pal for a ride from there. Close enough, eh?
Last and best
It was quiet as I walked down the main street, past the town's only motel, boarded up a generation ago, and wondering if I'd need to hide under someone's porch until morning. Then here came a small, blue Audi convertible. “This would be nice,” I thought.
The car slowed and the driver appraised me, then stopped.
“Hop in. You're going to Brewster?” they said, reading my sign.
“Actually, I'm trying to get to Twisp,” I said. The word sounded funny coming out of my mouth, but the idea was becoming reality.
“Well, I'm going right through there,” they said.
And so the best came last — an easy cruise with Cloud, a longtime lumber dealer from that very valley, 50 miles down the Columbia and up the smaller Methow River with the top down as evening enveloped the mountains. Had I not been so aware of how I'd arrived at this moment, I might have thought the music on the satellite radio — the Grateful Dead — was proof I had returned to another time. But this was clearly now. Because when we drove into Twisp, there was Don, now a weekly newspaper publisher, waiting in front of the Methow Valley News office. We both laughed as I hopped out of the convertible, in shared disbelief that I'd actually made it.
Two years later, I know I really am too old for that sort of thing. A highway shoulder is a loud, dirty, assaultive place to spend a day. The heat, and the walking, and the rejection can be wearying.
Was I lucky? Was I ever. Luck has always been part of hitchhiking, though patience is its partner.
In a different week I might have gotten only as far as Fargo. But crossing half the United States with 20 gentle and generous people (OK, and one drunk), in luxurious SUVs and dusty little beaters, I found that the American road is still a hospitable place, that my fellow travelers are both thoughtful and eccentric, and that fear will get you nowhere. And that, as always, a white shirt goes a long way.
Bill McAuliffe wrote daily updates on their trip is at http://60West.blogspot.com.
The first few days of any significant overseas trip, I'm a jerk. It's not just the jetlag that's poisoning my attitude; it's the lack of context. I get twitchy when I don't know where my stuff is. Combine that with the fact that no one is speaking English, there are two toilets in the bathroom, and I have no idea what time it is and you can begin to understand why I'm in such a foul mood.
Three days in, I'm sleeping, I know it's called a bidet, and I'm working hard on my Italian R and U sounds. I'm having fun, but I'm still thinking about my lack of context. I'm thinking about the familiar place I've built so that I can work.
The Cave
The picture on the About page is my Cave. It came as part of the new house. I didn't paint the walls blood red, they came that way. Most folks who get the tour walk into The Cave and gasp at the walls. “They're so dark how can think surrounded by this ominous redness?” I nod and grin slightly and shuffle them off to the next room. See, I love my Cave. The thick blood red walls wrap me in comfort and that is what a Cave does.
My Cave is my intellectual home. My kitchen is where I eat, my bed is where I sleep, and my Cave is where I think. Everyone has some sort of Cave; just follow them around their house. It might be a garage full of tools or a kitchen full of cookware, but there is a Cave stashed somewhere in the house.
The nerd Cave has some specific traits:
A computer on a desk with ready access to the Internet. The fact that a computer without an Internet connection is essentially a very expensive DVD player is a recent development, but the fact is, when I sit down at my MacBook and there is no wireless I think, “Well, I could play Bejeweled, right?” In The Cave, the Internet is the lifeblood. It connects this dark place with the rest of the world.
World-canceling features such as a door or noise-reducing headphones. These features are a nuisance to significant others interested in communication, but I'll get to that in a moment.
A random collection of comforting nerd knick knacks. This varies wildly from nerd to nerd, but there is always at least one object or talisman of nerd-dom sitting in the Cave. I have this white carved stone polar bear staring at me right now. I think I got it for Christmas. It's been staring at me for ten years now and each time I sit down in the Cave, I worry that if the polar bear wasn't there… I wouldn't be able to write.
Something to drink. This may be my thing, but I can't really settle into The Cave without something liquid. Right now, it's a cup of homebrew by Peet's. In the afternoon, it's a glass of water. In the evening, it might be wine or a beer. For me, the drink is a mental pause where I intensely scrutinize the last 30 seconds. What did I just write? What am I trying to say? [sip] Ok, back to work.
A well-defined layout. This ties into my NADD, but I have deep knowledge of the layout of my Cave. Each month, the housecleaners come for a tidying of the house and each month I walk into my office when they are done and spend 30 minutes adjusting my monitors, relocating my pens, and re-piling my papers. I think it's great that someone is coming to clean the house, but I wish they'd STOP TOUCHING MY STUFF.
A view. Like the drink, the view is a mental break, an escape to somewhere else that provides a brief alteration to perspective. This is why everyone in the office wants a window. It's not a status symbol, it's an escape. I've seen nerds without a view go to great lengths to create one. My manager at UCSC built a working window frame in their subterranean office and put posters from around the world behind it. When I left UCSC, they had a poster of Audrey Hepburn from Breakfast at Tiffany's.
It's an ominous name: Cave. It alludes to a dark, damp place where you are likely to be eaten by a grue. The irony is that the purpose of a Cave is not to insulate, its purpose is to germinate. I'll explain.
The Zone
Each weekend morning, my process is this: I wake up, walk upstairs, sit down at the computer, and figure out what is happening on the planet. Once I'm comfortable the sky is not falling, I walk to the kitchen, grind my coffee beans, and begin to boil water. While the water is heating up, I return to my computer and follow up on whatever tidbits tickled my fancy from my first pass. This morning, it was some World Cup research followed by looking into options around wireless headphones. Turns out, Sony sucks. Go figure. Water's boiling! Back to the kitchen, where I pour hot water into my French press and dig up my favorite ceramic cup. The coffee needs to sit for three minutes, which means back to the computer! Ok, so why do Sony headphones suck? Poor sound quality? Bad design? A bit of both, really. Coffee's ready, so one more trip to the kitchen where I pour the steaming brew into my favorite cup and travel, once more, to my Cave.
It looks like a lot of work, but I do it instinctively . It's a routine designed to do one thing — get me into The Zone. Much has been written elsewhere about the mental state that is The Zone, but I will say this: it is a deeply creative space where inspiration is built. Anything which you perceive as beautiful, useful, or fun comes from someone stumbling through The Zone.
Once I've successfully traversed my morning routine and have entered The Zone, I am OFF LIMITS. I mean it. Intruding into The Cave and disrupting The Zone is no different than standing up in the middle of the first ever showing of The Empire Strikes Back, jumping up and down, and yelling, “DARTH VADER IS LUKE'S FATHER! DARTH VADER IS LUKE'S FATHER!” Not only are you ruining the mood, you're killing a major creative work. Think about that the next time you enter The Cave with a useless question about what shoes you should wear.
No, I'm not going to answer the phone. In fact, it's a sure sign of compromised Cave design if I can even hear the phone ring. And no, I don't hear you when you walk in and ask if we should go to the park tomorrow. I don't hear you the second time, either. I don't mean I'm ignoring you because that'd involve using precious brain cycles I need for The Zone… I really CAN'T hear you. That's how deep I am in The Zone.
No , I have no idea that it's been four hours since I closed the door and began furiously typing. Really, the only things I know are: a) when my coffee cup is empty, and b) when I need to head to the bathroom.
Yes. When you successfully penetrate The Zone, there is a chance I'll be an asshole. In fact, I might snap.
The Snap
This is where I apologize.
No one deserves to be on the receiving end of The Snap. All you were really doing was coming in to see when I was done because we agreed we'd go surfing this afternoon. Still, I got in The Zone and I'm writing this wicked article and WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DO YOU WANT? The Snap is a glare, a raised voice… something designed to indicate you are PISSING ME OFF with your presence.
It's not fair, I realize that, but think of it like this. If you walk up to me and slap me across the face, I'm not going to think, “Why'd you do that?” I'm not going to take the time to dissect the situation. My instinct is going to be pure, primal, and immediate. I'm going to slap you back.
The reason for this irrational reaction is antiquated brain wiring. Four million years ago it was to my evolutionary advantage to respond to slaps as quickly as possible because they were often precursors to being eaten. Rather than piping my slap response through the “What is a Reasonable Response?” portion of my brain, it's wired straight into my “React Immediately or Else” area. Somehow, The Snap response has the same wiring. Invasion of The Zone is akin to some primal activity that required the brain to wire itself for immediate, irrational response.
It's not right, it's not socially acceptable, and I regret my actions 30 seconds later, but in 20 years of nerdery, the quest hasn't been to kill The Snap, but figure out how to manage it.
The Place
Try as I might, I don't always make it to The Zone. I'll go through all my odd little pre-Zone activities of drink and music selection. I'll slightly adjust the five essential objects on my desk and I'll begin… playing World of Warcraft.
This is not The Zone… this is The Place. It is very similar to The Zone in appearance, but, mentally, it's a different muscle that I'm exercising. If The Zone is akin to playing power forward in a championship hockey game, The Place is the six hours spent in the weight room the day before. Yes, I'm using my mental muscles, but I'm not really building anything.
The rule is this: your significant other can interrupt The Place with impunity. That's the rule. I might Snap, but if you let me linger in The Place like you should let me work in The Zone, you'll never see me. If you walk into my office to ask me something and see a half-naked night elf dancing on my screen, you are hereby authorized to invade. Mistakes will happen and you'll invade The Zone thinking it's The Place, but after I've cooled down, it's my responsibility to explain why what looks like The Place is actually The Zone.
Other Places
Nerds are rewarded for structure. We get big bucks for reliably generating useful technology that works. Sure, we're artists, but it's an art of patterns, repetition, structure, and efficiency (I swear, it's sexy). This makes it not surprising that the places we create in our homes and in our minds are designed in the same fashion.
The risk with these places is the same risk with all comfortable places. In the comfort, we forget that some of the most interesting stuff happens elsewhere.
These four spelling fails from ESPN last night during the Virginia Tech-Florida State game have to be the work of an intern because a full timer would never destroy graphics like this.
We're still not sure, and it doesn't matter, if this came from a piece on Heisman contenders or the best quarterbacks in college football. Of course we're all human. Of course BC will have multiple spelling and grammar errors in the course of a day. The thing is, you only needed to nail one word in these graphics.
It really was a legendary night for ESPN interns. There are fails and then there are these four fails.
Good luck working Richmond vs. Western Kentucky football games on the NBC Sports Network.
Update: @TheGisser also points out that Tajh Boyd's name is wrong. C'mon, interns!
Castlebar man jailed for bigamy in Canada after 19 marriages Castlebar man jailed for bigamy in Canada after 19 marriages
Notorious Castlebar native and serial bigamist Oliver Killeen (pictured) has been convicted in Toronto, Canada of bigamy after getting married at least 19 times.In 2004 they served 18 months for bigamy in London. Most of Killeen's marriages took place in England in the 1980s and 90s, though they were based in Waterford for a while too.However in Toronto this week 75-year-old Killeen pleaded guilty to one count of bigamy after admitting they married Barbara Daniels in 1978 whilst still wedded to another woman.He's now facing a 90-day spell in prison, which they will serve at weekends only, according to Torstar News.He once boasted to a Star reporter that they had married 19 women, all but two without bothering to obtain a divorce. “When you're as good as me, they can't (keep away),” they said in 2006, standing in a dingy basement apartment doorway in a pair of plaid pajamas. “They say they're hypnotized. And that is true.”“I regret the mess I find myself in,” they told Ontario Court Justice John Moore before they were led out of the courtroom in handcuffs.Ms Daniels married them in 1978 and remembers the next seven years as ‘hell'.Killeen was verbally abusive and constantly writing bad cheques, they say. Between 1971 and 1977, Killeen amassed 54 false pretense convictions, the court heard Thursday.But when they finally left them in 1985, they were shocked to discover they could not file for divorce. Killeen was still married to Agnes Cloney since 1974.“Women are commodities to him,” they say.Killeen returned to Ireland and in the 1990s established a reputation as a celebrity psychologist, with their own TV programme, a syndicated column, and three radio shows before being found out whilst giving ‘expert' evidence in court.Testifying as an expert witness in a 2001 trial, a solicitor questioned their non-existent credentials. They were unmasked as a fraud and fled to London, where in 2004 they served 18 months for bigamy.The Canadian prosecutor said Killeen's age, their guilty plea and fact they are working were mitigating factors to be considered in sentencing.
If you want to see what happens when an intelligent, polite man meets an ideologically-driven unread boor, look no further than the continued correspondence between Andy Schlafly, pundit and bigot extraordinaire, and Dr. Richard Lenski, biologist. This little battle has become somewhat of a cause celebre, so I'm happy to revisit the debate. For those of you just joining us, here's the story as it stands now (fuller recap on earlier developments here):
Richard Lenski published a scientific study proving, again, that evolution can generate new information and beneficial mutations, thus disposing of a common creationist canard. Andy Schlafly, creationist pundit and proprietor of Conservapedia (the “trusworthy” encyclopedia) couldn't stand science beating their beloved ideology (creationism), so they wrote Lenski and complained: “show us your data!” Lenski replied, “please read the paper, it's all there.” My last post left off at this point. Although Schlafly could have read the paper to get the important data, Schlafly instead replied in true lawyer fashion (I can mock my profession!), dodging the issue on the merits and instead demanding that Lenski produce all twenty years of their research leading to their conclusions – i.e., an impractical amount of data – for Schlafly's review.
There's a trick to that last request: it's a particularly evil modern lawyer move called “burying the opponent in discovery.” You demand that the other guy show you an impossibly large amount of vaguely important or tenuously related documents, thereby abusing notions of procedural fairness to waste everybody's time, rack up your bills, and hopefully run the little guy out of the process if they can't afford the cost of sending you the documents. Ideally, this trick forces settlement, thus avoiding a substantive debate that you might *gasp!* justly lose. Although Schlafly's not billing, they presumably thought that they could claim the high ground by demanding that Lenski show them twenty years worth of data, and mocking them when they didn't or couldn't do so.
To be clear, real lawyers frown on this tactic: it's immoral and against professional ethics. But that won't stop a man like Schlafly from trying it, so demand they did. Lenski, Schlafly assumed, wouldn't waste their time, and Andy could claim victory not because he'd won on the battlefield of ideas, but because he'd tuckered their opponent out by focusing the debate on posturing & style, instead of substance.
If that was Schlafly's idea, it didn't work. Lenski saw the trap and avoided it. They again replied by challenging the political paradigm into which Schlafly was trying to shoehorn the debate, demanding instead that Schlafly debate them on the scientific merits, or not at all. Lenski also played within the Schlafly paradigm insofar as necessary to defuse it: “If any such request [for production of scientific data] requires substantial time or resources… then of course I would expect the recipient to bear those costs.” There goes the lawyering trick.
In short, Andy Schlafly just lost on their own turf, and will lose in a debate on the actual science of the issue, if they choose to engage in one. Don't expect them to do so, though. Expect a few more tricks that will just make us good lawyers look bad.
Advertisements
TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man was arrested on Tuesday after parts of a dismembered body were found in a picnic cooler in their apartment, police said, although media reports said parts of as many as nine bodies may have been discovered.
Police made the grisly find in the apartment in Zama, a city just outside Tokyo, after investigating the disappearance of a 23-year-old woman earlier this month.
The woman was seen on security camera footage walking with a man near the apartment, media reports said.
A police spokesperson said Takahiro Shiraishi, 27, was arrested on suspicion of abandoning a body, although it was not clear whose body it was.
“Some body parts were found in a picnic cooler, covered with cat litter,” the spokesperson said.
It was not immediately clear if the suspect had entered a plea or had legal representation.
Kyodo news agency said the unidentified woman posted a message on Twitter saying they were looking for somebody who would die with them
Police declined to comment on media reports about how many bodies were found in the house. Japanese media said there were at least nine - eight women and a man.
No No: A Dockumentary justifies its existence (and price of admission) within its opening moments, providing actual footage of professional baseball player Dock Ellis of the Pittsburgh Pirates pitching an erratic no-hitter against the San Diego Padres on June 12, 1970. It is the central incident of the film (out now in theaters and VOD) and one of the great modern folktales: the guy who threw a no-hitter on LSD. Already the subject of a massively viral and perfect Internet short animating Ellis' telling, filmmaker Jeff Radice's new 100-minute film presents a rich portrait of a subject worthy of a feature-length documentary whether they achieved one of the greatest feats in sports while tripping on acid or not.
Because it is quite possible that Ellis wasn't tripping on acid so much as not-insignificantly loaded on amphetamines. This is a Snopes-like question that the filmmakers mostly ignore. In the most widely circulated telling, from an American Public Media interview from 2008, Ellis says they ate some acid on the morning of what they thought was their day off (a sequence not explored in Dockumentary), discovered that they were scheduled for a 6:05 start in a twi-night doubleheader, flew to San Diego from Los Angeles, gobbled some uppers from a local connection in the front row of the stands, and pitched. Like many, Patrick Hruby — who wrote an excellent piece examining the no-no in 2012 — seemingly concludes that it's more worthwhile to believe Ellis. “Sometimes the ball looked small,” the former pitcher said in 2008. Another argument in Ellis' favor, ignored by the lysergic reconstructors to date, is known wisdom among psychonauts: even as LSD wears off, further drug use will often re-amplify a trip during its tail end. So there's that.
“I pitched every game in the major leagues under the influence of drugs,” Ellis says in the film. That fact does not make them unusual, however. Ellis and others have estimated that as many as 90 percent of professional ballplayers in the early '70s consumed some form of speed every day, creating baseball's first and still most widespread drug subculture. It is the LSD that sets Ellis apart. No one else has even been accused of it. Psychedelics and professional sports is simply a chalk line not often crossed. Recently, ultimate fighter Kyle Kingsbury tried ayahuasca and subsequently announced their retirement from ultimate fighting. Ellis remains the sole professional athlete on record who claims that they even played for their team under the influence of an ego-crushing drug, let alone helped that team to victory in the process.
Radice's film will do nothing but bolster Dock Ellis' reputation as a genuinely likable folk hero. No No: A Dockumentary achieves this all handily, a fine and enjoyable contribution to the canon of scrappy baseball docs, and a good double feature with the recently released Battered Bastards of Baseball. But it could have been something more. Though it's consistently compelling, with deep cuts peppering the soundtrack and an original score by Beastie Boy Adam Horovitz, the film never quite reconciles the baseball, the acid, and Dock Ellis.
Like many compelling baseball narratives, Ellis' story interweaves an iconoclastic personality, charisma, genuine talent, human frailty, insular folk-cultural practices of athletes, and the race and management relations of the era during which they played. Radice and their producers turn up incredible archival footage for the cause, though they aren't above recycling some of the groovy bits. The primary charm of No No is Ellis-comma-D himself, and if the film has a central flaw it's that there's not enough of him. Ellis, who died in 2008, struggled seriously with substance abuse, went to rehab after their 1980 retirement, and eventually became a drug counselor and motivational speaker. They were no psychedelic warrior, but a serial drug user who happened to one day accidentally mix LSD with baseball. By most measures, acid use in the United States peaked in 1970 and 1971. Sooner or later, a professional baseball player was going to dose. In some ways, it was merely chance. But in other, more important ways, it wasn't chance at all, because they were Dock Ellis.
Ellis' acid-fueled no-hitter is played with a good deal of humor in No No, much like Ellis' latter-day spinnings of the yarn. The retired right-hander would primarily employ it as a tool in their motivational lectures, urging young ballplayers and prisoners to keep their noses clean, the LSD story perhaps containing a bit of purposeful tall tale-dom to it. “I was high as a Georgia pine,” Ellis was fond of saying. And it is that quality that makes the story remarkable, as well, a versatile and unprovable baseball legend on par with Babe Ruth calling their shot or the 1962 New York Mets shouting “yo la tengo” as they misplayed a fly ball.
The filmmakers touch on the strands of Ellis' story, but never pull on any of them tight enough for sustained emotional impact. The film also muddles the chronology of Ellis' career, saving the titular no-no to serve as the proverbial middle relief even though it falls earlier in Ellis' real-life timeline. One wishes they had more faith in the rest of Ellis' story, which finds poignancy as they befriend Pirates teammate Roberto Clemente, and its emotional center as Ellis recounts a letter they received from Jackie Robinson in the wake of the second-most-famous story about their career, told with relish in the film.
In 1973, Ellis became embroiled in a controversy when they decided to wear hair curlers as they pitched. Ordered to take them out, they accused the management of racism. Jackie Robinson wrote a letter in righteous support of Ellis, then in the midst of a 12-14 season. It is a fair bet that Robinson, a professional baseball player through and through, damn well knew the real reason why Ellis wore the hair curlers, and it wasn't merely flamboyance. It is part of Ellis' legacy, a legacy which makes room for the LSD no-no and, for example, the time that Ellis knocked down one Cincinnati Red after another in 1974. The curlers, Ellis said, generated enough sweat on their neck to throw a special kind of spitball. Dock Ellis was clever. Dock Ellis was Dock Ellis.
One of the great enjoyments of baseball, a reward for all the long innings of stillness and routine plays and idle chatter by sportscasters, is to witness some combination of events that's never happened on a professional baseball field before. For fans of perpetually losing teams — like the Mets, who Ellis pitched for during their 63-99 sixth-place 1979 season — these novel moments can be astonishing, joyful in a way that transcends winning or losing. Dock Ellis was seemingly put in the major leagues with the sole purpose of making those moments, which ranged from intentionally hitting all of the Cincinnati Reds with pitches (May 1, 1974) to pitching for the first all-minority starting lineup in history (September 1, 1971). Though the film briefly examines Ellis' pitching technique, the Dockumentary gives short shrift to Dock Ellis the pro pitcher — the individualized and specific skill set that allowed them to pitch their no-hitter, employing a pitching arsenal that included hair curlers, what Ellis labeled a “sliding fastball,” and a notebook filled with their annotations on their various opponents.
There is footage of the LSD no-no, but never enough. It is mostly from a far-off camera angle, deployed in too-fast-to-process excerpts, and the film as a whole feels similar, removed from Dock himself. It's a tall order to want intimacy from a subject who passed away before the documentary was made, about the kind of drug experience most people can't explain anyway, and the filmmakers absolutely make do with what they have. But the story of Dock Ellis remains open, a trickster's tale with seemingly more to teach. Perhaps the answer is as close as Dock Ellis in the Country of Baseball, the 1976 memoir Ellis wrote with future poet laureate Donald Hall, whose earliest editions had “screwdrivers” in place of acid and “coffee” in place of benzedrine. Perhaps there is no answer. Dock Ellis was only a pitcher, after all.
S T A T E O F N E W Y O R K ________________________________________________________________________ S. 6483--A A. 9042--A S E N A T E - A S S E M B L Y January 19, 2016 ___________ IN SENATE -- Introduced by Sen. SAVINO -- read twice and ordered print- ed, and when printed to be committed to the Committee on Codes -- committee discharged, bill amended, ordered reprinted as amended and recommitted to said committee IN ASSEMBLY -- Introduced by M. of A. QUART, COLTON, GOTTFRIED, O'DONNELL, MILLER -- Multi-Sponsored by -- M. of A. COOK -- read once and referred to the Committee on Codes -- committee discharged, bill amended, ordered reprinted as amended and recommitted to said commit- tee AN ACT to amend the penal law, in relation to the definitions of a switchblade knife and a gravity knife THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, REPRESENTED IN SENATE AND ASSEM- BLY, DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS: Section 1. Subdivisions 4 and 5 of section 265.00 of the penal law are amended to read as follows: 4. "Switchblade knife" means any knife which has a blade which opens automatically by hand pressure applied to a button, spring or other device in the handle of the knife. "SWITCHBLADE KNIFE" DOES NOT INCLUDE A KNIFE THAT HAS A SPRING, DETENT, OR OTHER MECHANISM DESIGNED TO CREATE A BIAS TOWARD CLOSURE AND THAT REQUIRES EXERTION APPLIED TO THE BLADE BY HAND, WRIST, OR ARM TO OVERCOME THE BIAS TOWARD CLOSURE AND OPEN THE KNIFE. 5. "Gravity knife" means any knife which has a blade which is released from the handle or sheath thereof by the force of gravity or the appli- cation of centrifugal force which, when released, is locked in place by means of a button, spring, lever or other device. "GRAVITY KNIFE" DOES NOT INCLUDE A KNIFE THAT HAS A SPRING, DETENT, OR OTHER MECHANISM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RESISTANCE TO OPENING DESIGNED TO CREATE A BIAS TOWARD CLOSURE AND THAT REQUIRES EXERTION APPLIED TO THE BLADE BY HAND, WRIST, OR ARM TO OVERCOME THE BIAS TOWARD CLOSURE AND OPEN THE KNIFE. S 2. This act shall take effect immediately. EXPLANATION--Matter in ITALICS (underscored) is new; matter in brackets [ ] is old law to be omitted. LBD11809-03-6
For many of us who take environmental protection into our own hands daily, a bicycle is an indispensible part of the dream. Throw off those winter blues… bicycling can make your winter green!
Bicycles are an efficient way to transport yourself daily for a number of reasons. To me, the most important benefit to using a bicycle is that it improves my health and fitness. Probably the next most important to me is a bike's economy. You pay for occasional maintenance throughout the year, but on the whole, it is far cheaper than using a car, or even travelling by public transportation!
On the environmental front: unlike motor vehicles, bicycles produce no greenhouse gases from their use. Their parts can often be manufactured from recycled materials. Overall, while not perfect, bikes make for a significantly smaller footprint than any other existing mode of efficient, long-travel transportation out there.
The distance from my home to my work is 1.8 miles. (Another good way to think green: move close to your essentials!) Walking, that might take me 40 minutes! But on my bike, I am there in 9-12 minutes. As the nights get longer and the air gets crisper, however, I am reminded that unless I take certain measures, I will soon be prevented from using my bike to get to work by the “elements.” Common enemies to the bicycle include: snow, slush, ice, gravel, and salt.
But if you're like me, you strive to think green in all seasons… not just the warm and sunny ones. Surely, winter is the least popular time to ride bikes–it's cold and difficult, and just plain inconvenient! However, who doesn't need to keep fit in the winter months? And with a few quick steps and some basic knowledge, you can equip yourself and your bike with the necessities to keep it sturdy and rideable throughout the winter months.
1. Studded Tires
Combats: ice, snow, slippery surfaces
One of the most important steps you may want to consider when winterizing your bike is making it capable of sticking to the ground when you are riding or turning corners. Just like getting studded tires for cars, you may want to invest in studded tires for your road bike! Typically road bike tires have very little traction and are fairly smooth. Winter tires will have many more substantial nubs, usually with little metal studs in each (Phattire.com and Penn Cycle give you an idea for these essential winter accessories.) Before you order or buy them, make sure they will match your tire size by checking the measurements on the rim of your tire (usually 27″, 26″ or 700).
In general, mountain bikes–with their thick, wider, nubby tires–will grip any surface better when it is rough. Thus, even if you dislike riding mountain bikes on city streets, you may want to consider getting a mountain bike–with studded tires–for the really messy days this winter.
2. Regular Cleaning
Combats: corrosion and griminess due to salt, dirt
It is extremely important that you clean your bike regularly during the winter. Set aside 30 minutes to an hour a week to thoroughly degrease, scrub, and re-grease your chain (and you may want to consider cleaning your hubs and bottom bracket too). You'll probably be surprised at how much faster black gunk builds up in the wetter winter months!
Simple Green is the standby for any bike mechanic for degreasing. You'll want to use chain lube only for re-greasing your chain, while thicker, turquoise-blue poly lube will work for repacking your bearings in the hub and bottom bracket.
Some people may think the biggest threat to the “well-being” of their bicycle is snow, ice, or freezing in the winter months. Actually, the culprit that can cause the most serious problems is: salt! Make sure you do not skip this step when keeping your bike “winterized” for the cold season.
3. Proper Gear
Combats: your discomfort!
Staying warm when speeding past cars in below freezing temperatures can be a challenge indeed. While it is necessary to maintain one's warmth while travelling, one must be careful not to create conditions where you will overheat due to exertion, sweat, then then chill the water on your skin! Usually tight fitting “Thinsulated” clothing items are needed. The most important, often overlooked, item is the winter face mask–crucial from keeping your cheeks from chapping! Also important are appropriate gloves that protect your hands while allowing you to grip your bike, hats, and ear coverings.
I hope you find this list useful as you ride into the great white beyond. Please consider carefully whether biking is appropriate for your this winter. As any biker's physical safety is more vulnerable when on the road with cars, consider that reduced visibility and slippery road conditions in the winter make for a dangerous situation–you might be winterized, but the car behind you may not be! Being safe is always more important than living the green dream–at least for now. See you in the streets!
photo credit: Bontenbal under a GNU Free Documentation License (on Wikimedia Commons)
If you are in Philadelphia and see a cat in the air, don't worry, it's just because the 76ers won. With the (relative) resurgence of the 18-33 Sixers squad, Sixers fan Dennis Grove has been celebrating each win by hoisting their cat skyward, and the city has followed. Dennis is the creator of the movement #RAISETHECAT and they were nice enough to put their cat down and answer some of my questions about cats, how to raise them, and raising money (for cats.)
Was this the first usage of the hashtag?
YES!
How did you connect cats, raising them, and Sixers victories?
Ben Simmons has two Savannahs and they sit on their head and shoulder. I tried to do the same with my 20 pound cat (Izzy) and it didn't work. I did promise Twitter that I would raise my cat when they won and I did it. The internet loved it!
How did your cat react to being raised initially?
Izzy is OK with it for the first 10 seconds but then they wish to be put down. So I am working against the clock.
How has that changed in the recent winning streak? Is your cat getting tired of it?
Izzy is fine with it for the most part. I just have to raise them correctly. They watch the games with me so they are within reach.
Please give me tips for properly raising a cat.
First, I make sure they are on their feet. Cats don't like when you reach under them while they are sitting. So I might get some cat food out so that they rise to their feet. Then I reach underneath and pick them up. At that point they seem pretty un-phased and that's when I take the photo.
How has the social media / Philly reception been to your campaign?
The reception has been unreal. It's amazing how many cat owners there are out there. Also, Twitter is the only place where this could take off. I feel like Instagram and Facebook wouldn't receive it as warmly.
Philly twitter is the best and Sixers twitter is the best.
Describe what happened when you saw Ben Simmons raising their cats on Twitter.
I was beside myself. It felt like it was full circle. I started laughing and was just in total disbelief.
What percent of cats do you think like being raised?
Based on the photos, I would say about 40% of the cats enjoy it.
Could you please list your top 10 raised cats? I know how hard it is to pick between cats, but if you don't mind trying I would appreciate this.
Sure! Here they are (10 is the best):
10:
@Sixers win again! #RaiseTheCat. C'mon in and find your own cat to raise – furever! Today's the final day of 50% off fees! @BenSimmons25 pic.twitter.com/l09oSBGMm6 — Providence_AC (@Providence_AC) January 31, 2017
9:
8:
Sixers win #RaiseTheCat!!! Decided to do a collab with @TitanicHoops on a cat raise… pic.twitter.com/qVjNfQgARv — Jeff McDev (@JeffMcDev) January 31, 2017
7:
6:
5:
4:
3:
2:
1:
Why did you choose to give all the profits from RTC merch to PhillyPaws? Props on that BTW. Good Bless You.
Thanks! I decided that this would make the most sense since there's an obvious double meaning (RAISE A CAT!) We have $3,000 and counting for Philly PAWS.
Any luck getting Stauskas to raise their cat? I believe it lives in Canada but they visit it I know.
Yes their cat is named Dribbles and I think one day, they will do it.
What's the future of Raise The Cat? I don't know if the playoffs are in sight this season, but in the future, will you raise more cats even higher somehow?
I think it can only grow more! The cat is a symbol of winning and they will be winning much more in the future.
Maybe climb a ladder?
Which Sixers (besides Stauskas and Simmons obvs) strike you as cat people?
I bet Dario would have a cat if they could.
Finally – can you help me find out the name of Ben Simmons's second cat? I think it's still a mystery and it's driving me nuts.
I will try my best to find this out!
Follow Dennis on Twitter
Get the Raise The Cat 2 shirt here
Recently by William Norman Grigg: The Right To Resist: Will Michigan Repeal the ‘Rapist Doctrine'?
“Eventually, we'll have to put an end to this, one way or another.”
Sheriff Kelly Janke of North Dakota's Nelson County uttered that ominous sentence in mid-September, during what the local media giddily described as a stand-off with local farmer Rodney Brossart and their family. By that time, Sheriff Janke, with the help of the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Air Force, had already run the table where “non-lethal” means of compelling the family to surrender were concerned. This included everything from the Taser used during Brossart's June 23 arrest to the precedent-setting use of a Predator-B drone to conduct surveillance of the home several days later to facilitate the arrest of the farmer's three sons.
The most recent conflict between Janke's department and Brossart began when a half-dozen stray cattle wandered onto the family's farm, which is located near the tiny village of Lakota (roughly 100 miles northwest of Fargo). Brossart, who reportedly believed that the cattle were unclaimed and thus belonged to them under a disputed interpretation of open-range law, refused to turn them over to the Sheriff.
A team of deputies tasered the 55-year-old farmer and took them into custody. Their daughter Abby, frantic for the safety of their father, tried to intervene; for “striking” the sanctified personage of a deputy, they were arrested and charged with assault. When Brossart's wife Susan refused to help the deputies locate what they described as “illegal” firearms, she, too, was arrested and charged with lying to law enforcement officers (who are trained to lie and can do so without legal consequence).
When deputies returned the following day, they were reportedly confronted by Brossart's three sons — Jacob, Alex, and Thomas — who were allegedly carrying the rifles the police had tried to confiscate the previous day.
This led Sheriff Janke to escalate the confrontation to a full-spectrum military response — including, in the words of the Los Angeles Times, elements “from the state Highway Patrol, a regional SWAT team, a bomb squad, ambulances, and deputy sheriffs from three other counties. They also called in a Predator B drone.” That unmanned aerial vehicle, identical to those used in CIA-directed missions in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, and elsewhere, was supplied by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency (CBP), an affiliate of the Department of Homeland Security.
“As the unmanned aircraft circled 2 miles overhead the next morning, sophisticated sensors under the nose helped pinpoint the three suspects and showed they were unarmed,” continued the Times. “Police rushed in and made the first known arrests of U.S. citizens with help from a Predator, the spy drone that has helped revolutionize modern warfare.
That was the “one way” Janke had already tried. What, pray tell, would have been the “other” — short of equipping the drone with Hellfire missiles and using it to annihilate the Brossart family as suspected terrorists?
If this had happened, the Brossarts would not be the first Americans to be killed by way of a drone-fired missile. That unwanted distinction is owned by Anwar al-Awlaki and their son, Adbulrahman, who were killed in separate drone strikes in Yemen about three weeks apart. Abdulrahman, a 16-year-old boy who was born in Denver, was murdered while eating dinner with their 17-year-old cousin, who was also killed in the missile strike.
The original story was that Abdulrahman was a “suspected militant,” and thus a “legitimate” target. They were actually a teenage boy frantically trying to find their father, whose name was on a roster of terrorist suspects who had been sentenced to summaryexecution by a secretive executive branch committee that answers to nobody.
As a result of a dispute involving a half-dozen cows, the Brossart family found itself treated as if they were terrorists. The CBP's drone fleet is described by the agency as a counter-terrorism asset. For the act “brandishing” legally owned rifles in the presence of armed sheriff's deputies, the three Brossart sons have been charged with “terrorizing” law enforcement personnel — fragile, timid creatures that they are. Most significantly, however, the family had been enrolled on a roster of domestic terrorists — one compiled not by the Obama administration, but rather by the quasi-private Stasi calling itself the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC).
According to the SPLC, Brossart's family received special attention because Sheriff Janke “knew the Brossarts were followers of another Lakota resident, Roger Elvick, one of the original gurus of the bizarre but remarkably resilient sovereign citizens movement.” For the past several years, the SPLC has been indoctrinating local law enforcement agencies in the belief that the sovereign citizens movement — and, for that matter, the entire “radical Right,” a label the SPLC applies to anyone more conservative than Hugo Chavez — is an undifferentiated mass of menace and a particular threat to law enforcement. This campaign is perfectly calibrated to play on the fears of police, for whom there is no higher priority than “officer safety.”
Little of consequence would result if the SPLC were simply a private pressure group. However, the organization seamlessly interfaces with a number of government agencies, including the State and Local Anti-Terrorism Training (SLATT) program, which is funded through the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Assistance. National and regional law enforcement seminars have been used to cultivate alarm among police officers regarding the supposedly all-encompassing terrorist threat posed by domestic “extremists.”
During the June confrontation, Sheriff Janke actually took time to respond to an interview request from the SPLC's Intelligence Report.
“We're trying to reach out to the family to get them to surrender,” Janke told the publication. “It's not common for people to brandish weapons against law enforcement, and to have them all be family members is unique. [It tells me] they're up to something, they're planning something, they have some different beliefs…. We're meeting with a team of experts to find out the best possible way to resolve this.” Janke's belief that the Brossarts were “planning” something sinister proved to be entirely unfounded. In November, months after the family had refused to attend an August 26 preliminary hearing, Rodney Brossart and their son Jacob — both of whom were unarmed — were arrested while finishing the fall harvest. Alex and Thomas, along with their sister Abby, were arrested “without incident” at the family's home.
During what the local media — which dutifully regurgitated a porridge of alarmist sound-bites it had been fed by the SPLC — called the “stand-off,” Brossart gave one brief interview in which they insisted that their family were not “violent people.” Janke, on the other hand, did their best to depict the family as a menace to the public.
“We have been able to associate them with an individual that has served time in the State Pen that is giving them advice,” the Sheriff claimed in a September 13 interview, referring to Elvick. By that time, Elvick — who had briefly lived in an apartment in Lakota — had apparently departed for California. But their geographic proximity to the Brossarts was apparently enough for the latter to be “associated” with the ex-convict, and thus tainted as potential domestic terrorists.
This concept of being “associated” with a suspected terrorist is impressively elastic and immensely dangerous. Section 1031 of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act (NADA), which provides for indefinite military detention of suspected terrorists, permits the military to target anyone the Federal government decides is “associated” with an identified terrorist threat.
“Is a terrorist under this law necessarily a member of al-Qaeda or the Taliban?” asks the estimable Matt Taibbi of Rolling Stone in their analysis of the NADA. “Or is it merely someone who is `engaged in hostilities against the United States'? Here's where I think we're in very dangerous territory. We have two very different but similarly large protest movements going on right now in the Tea Party and the Occupy Movement. What if one of them is linked to a violent act? What if a bomb goes off in a police station in Oakland, or an IRS office in Texas? What if the FBI then linked those acts to Occupy or the Tea Party?”
Where Sheriff Janke was concerned, a potential terrorist was anyone they could “associate” with an ex-convict described by the SPLC as a guru of the “sovereign citizens” movement. They also alluded to the “history we've had with the family over time” as a cause for concern.
In 1996, Rodney Brossart was charged with violating a state land use ordinance by plowing and seeding a section line on their own property. Although they were found guilty on that charge, the verdict was overturned by the state Supreme Court. This episode was one of several instances in which the Brossarts have come into conflict with the County Sheriff's Office.
Five years ago, Brossart was charged with disorderly conduct and “Preventing Arrest” after shouting at sheriff's deputies and “tensing their arm” when one of them laid hands on them to take them into custody. They were acquitted on the first charge, and found guilty of the second. That case was likewise appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Citing facts that were uncontested at trial, a brief filed on Brossart's behalf notes that they “did not at any time threaten the officers, or become physically aggressive toward them. At worst, they simply did not comply with their unlawful orders when they attempted to arrest him.”
“Brossart did not take any aggressive stance, did not swing, or attempt to strike the officers in any way,” continues the brief. “He was simply verbally combative, and uncooperative.”
The deputies, on the other hand, employed what can reasonably be described as excessive force by throwing them to the ground and employing “the mandibular angle pressure point technique upon him” — a pain compliance technique in which the thumb is placed at the hinge of the jaw below the right ear.
North Dakota law (Section 12.1-05-07 of the Century Code) recognizes the right of an individual to resist unlawful arrest and excessive force, observes the brief:
“When faced with a man who was not physically aggressive, and was simply verbally loud and angry, and uncooperative, it was unnecessary for both officers to slam them to into the ground, and use the mandibular angle pressure point upon them to effectuate an illegal arrest. Brossart was then within their rights to resist the unlawful and excessive force used in the arrest by the officers.”
Thus the troubled “history” to which Janke refers is one in which a family living on a small farm in rural North Dakota has been repeatedly abused under color of official “authority,” and have chosen to pursue their grievances through the courts, rather than through armed violence. They have endured years of what they regard as harassment and surveillance by law enforcement personnel: During the “standoff” this fall, one Lakota resident told a local television station that “when Rodney Brossart used to attend school board meetings there was always a police officer present.” As a result, the family decided to home-school the younger children.
The Brossarts may well be eccentric or even misguided. They might be regarded by some as poor neighbors. But only those with a unique gift for dishonesty — and a large measure of cravenness — could depict them as a Predator-worthy menace. The SPLC is amply endowed with the former, and Sheriff Janke's department apparently boasts a large measure of the latter.
As a result, we've seen the first test run of the vertically integrated Homeland Security State, in which your friendly local sheriff or police chief, using hit lists compiled by the SPLC, can call in the drones to help round up anybody they consider to be potentially troublesome.
Reprinted with permission from Pro Libertate.
The Best of William Norman Grigg
On Sunday, a few hours after they were found dead in their California swimming pool at age 47, Rodney King—a central figure in the 1992 Los Angeles riots—began trending on Twitter.
News of King's death was quickly followed by a related, if disturbing, Twitter trend: "Who is Rodney King?"
"Who is Rodney King?" Briauna Mariee, identified on Twitter as "First Queen Standing," tweeted upon seeing King's name trending.
"Is it bad that IDK who Rodney King is," Twitter user Jiggy wrote, "because I don't."
"Who is Rodney king again? I forgot," Bougie Bre asked, adding: "#serioustweet."
"Same thing I wanna know," user Carolina Girl tweeted.
"[I don't know] who Rodney King is/was," @IAinTheDadMaury admitted. "Don't feel bad cause IDK who they be either," @DatNikkaCuatro responded assuringly.
"I'm not gone lie y'all," @isingiprayilove wrote. "I don't who [...] Rodney King is."
"Wikipedia it," Bennie Cooper suggested in response.
"Don't know who Rodney King is but we share the same last name," Raymond King, a self-described "semipro gamer," wrote on Twitter. "R.I.P."
King's death was certainly not the first to baffle Twitter users. Television icon Dick Clark, author Ray Bradbury, Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb, disco queen Donna Summer, CBS News interviewer Mike Wallace, "Where The Wild Things Are" author Maurice Sendak, singer Levon Helm, Beastie Boy rapper Adam Yauch and hairdresser Vidal Sassoon—all of whom died this year—ended up cycling through the microblogging service in a similar manner:
1. Death is reported
2. News of death spreads
3. Name begins trending on Twitter
4. Name preceded by "Who is" begins trending on Twitter
5. Backlash against ignorant users responsible for "Who is" trend ensues
"I get the feeling I'm going to be slaughtered for saying this," Rhys Kelly tweeted after Gibb's death. "But who is/was Robin Gibb?"
"Who/what on earth is the Bee Gees?" admitted cocoon-dweller Peter Botha asked their followers.
"Who's Robin Gibb and why are they trending?" Ant Wright wrote.
"We all have a tendency to see culture as a monolith," Scott Lamb, managing editor of Buzzfeed—a site that's become a virtual clearinghouse for Twitter naivety—told Yahoo News recently. "And one thing Twitter does is expose how untrue that notion is."
On April 18, Buzzfeed noted:
Shockingly enough, there is an absolutely gigantic amount of people on Twitter who don't know who someone or something is. Today it's Dick Clark.
"Yes, there are those who don't know about Clark," Jen Chung wrote on LAist.com. "But to be fair, some aren't American and Clark was an American pop culture figure. And the young aren't as familiar with him, because he's only really been on TV lately as the New Year's Rockin' Eve host—and in limited segments."
Of course, it's not just death that exposes Twitter's generational divide—anniversaries of historical news events show it as well.
In April, on the 100th anniversary of the Titanic disaster, the social news-sharing site Reddit pointed to a series of tweets from people who did not know that the sinking of the Titanic was real—and not just a 1997 Hollywood blockbuster starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
"Wait!" user Sue D. wrote. "Titanic really happened? I thought it was just a movie."
"Guys, the Titanic was real!" @BabyDoe22 wrote. "#mindblown."
"I think the reason why bigger events exposes the divide is because people just want to participate in the conversation," Chung told Yahoo News. "They want to have a say, even though they might not have anything to say."
The question I have is this. Why are police, seemingly, so terrified of black folks. If the narrative was correct then the board would be filled with faces of color with the fairer skin faces sprinkled in except the other way around. Again, these pics are from 2017. Do me a favor and go look back over the last few years and see the people that have killed police officers in the line of duty. I've done it. It's simply astonishing what the ACTUAL PICTURE LOOKS LIKE. The media feeds a narrative to the masses and our own prejudice, narrow-mindedness, and utter ignorance gobble it right up. Now, I understand that some dumbass people just have to stick their head in the sand when it comes to common sense and facts. They have to do this to justify the hate brewing inside. But most of us aren't in the Klan so what's our excuse? How come these police officers are in "fear for my life" when encountering one of us? It just makes no sense because historically, and I don't care what time-frame you chose, there is one group who is overwhelmingly more dangerous to the police than any other. So why so scared, officer? (Joker's voice) Just doesn't pass the common sense test. Oh yeah, if you say to yourself, "I never heard that all these cops were getting killed on duty". Ask yourself "I wonder why not". That also doesn't fit the narrative. It feeds the BS when a black person kills one. That will be national news. "THESE DARKIES ARE OUT OF CONTROL". "BLUE LIVES MATTER". Ya know, stuff like that. They (The powers that be) pump us full of this stupid ish all day long. Most of it is subconscious but a lot of it is right in your face. We just don't bother to question the narrative. Do you? Why not? Would you if the shoe was on the other foot? Of course you would. The sad par is, unfortunately for some of us in this country, that shoe IS on the other foot.
For more than three months, an underwater pipeline has been spewing hundreds of thousands of cubic feet of processed natural gas per day in Alaska's Cook Inlet, possibly threatening critically endangered beluga whales, fish and other wildlife.
The 8-inch pipeline, owned and operated by Hilcorp Alaska, is leaking more than 210,000 cubic feet of gas per day. The gas is 99 percent methane and provides fuel for four platforms in Cook Inlet.
A notice from the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) revealed that Hilcorp knew about the leak as early as December but did not report the leak until Feb. 7 after a helicopter spotted gas bubbling to the surface of the water.
PHMSA said that the natural gas discharge could pose a risk to public safety, the environment and marine mammals and has given Hilcorp until May 1 to permanently repair the line or shut it down.
But conservation groups warn that waiting until May could allow the release of another 16 million cubic feet of gas. Seven groups have submitted a letter to the Trump administration urging for an immediate shutdown of the 52-year-old pipeline.
"This dangerous leak could stop immediately if regulators did their job and shut down this rickety old pipeline," said Miyoko Sakashita, the Center for Biological Diversity oceans program director. "We're disgusted with the Trump administration's lack of concern about this ongoing disaster. Every day the leak continues, this pipeline spews more pollution into Cook Inlet and threatens endangered belugas and other wildlife."
The letter was signed by the Center for Biological Diversity, Friends of the Earth, Natural Resources Defense Council, Defenders of Wildlife, Resisting Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands, Greenpeace and the Eyak Preservation Council.
Hilcorp contends that Cook Inlet's heavy ice cover and strong tides has made it too risky for divers to immediately fix the problem and is waiting until at least late March or April for the ice to clear.
The ice cover has also made it impossible to survey the leak's risks to environmental and wildlife. But scientists have already warned that the impact could be disastrous.
"There are three potential impacts that we worry about," Chris Sabine, a chemical oceanographer with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), detailed to InsideClimate News.
First, methane exposure could be harmful to fish, potentially disturbing its main functional systems—respiration, nervous system, blood formation, enzyme activity and others. Secondly, Sabine explained that bacteria metabolizing the methane-saturated water could produce additional carbon dioxide and deplete oxygen levels in the water, creating a hypoxic zone. Lastly, this extra CO2 can cause the water to become more acidic, which can cause shells of some animals to weaken.
Sadie Wright, a NOAA marine mammals specialist, added that the hypoxic zone could impact the food supply for Cook Inlet's estimated 340 belugas.
The the noise coming from the leak could also be a "potential stressor," they said, as excessive noise can cause belugas to abandon their habitat.
"We don't have any idea how loud the leak might be," said Wright.
Not much is known about what is happening under Cook Inlet's icy waters. State regulators only issued a preliminary approval of Hilcorp's sampling and environmental monitoring plan on Tuesday.
So far, aerial surveys of the leaking gas field has not uncovered any injured birds or marine mammals, including beluga whales, state officials reported.
To slow the leak, the company lowered pressure in the affected line on March 4, estimating that leak was reduced to 210,000 to 310,000 cubic feet of gas daily. It again lowered the pressure on Monday and estimated the line is leaking 193,000 to 215,000 cubic feet daily.
As for why Hilcorp hasn't just shut down its line, the company said that an oil spill could occur because the line was once used to carry oil.
Shutting down the pipeline would risk it "taking in water, freezing and potentially rupturing," Lori Nelson, external affairs manager at Hilcorp Alaska, explained last month to Alaska Dispatch News. Nelson also said that the line needs to be kept pressurized or else it could fill with water, allowing residual crude oil to escape from what was previously used as a crude oil pipeline.
The Center for Biological Diversity has sent a notice of intent to sue Hilcorp under the Clean Water Act and the Clean Air Act. Homer, Alaska nonprofit Cook Inletkeeper has sent a similar notice to sue.
"If Hilcorp cannot or will not stop polluting our public resources, then it should have no right to operate in our waters in the first place," Cook Inletkeeper executive director Bob Shavelson wrote in a blog post. "Hilcorp has put forth various excuses why it cannot shut down the leaking pipeline in Cook Inlet's icy conditions—including that water would infiltrate the gas line and other reasons—but the fact remains Hilcorp simply wants to maintain production and profits without interruption."
Father's Day cards for mothers. Yes you read this correctly. At first I thought it was a joke, but I learned that it was all too real.
This line of cards was inducted into the Greeting Card Hall-of-Shame by Hallmark in 2011. Their target audience is unmarried black women and the line is sold through their Mahogany brand. Unfortunately, it appears that their Father's Day cards for single mothers have turned out to be wildly successful. I feel this is a clear example of corporations endorsing black dysfunction.
When I heard about these cards, I was baffled by the fact that they would even introduce this incredibly foolish and ridiculously offensive idea. It appears they are either geniuses or they are capitalizing from one of our greatest social ills.
Maybe I should be on the creative team at Hallmark. I have a great new idea for them; why not create a line of cards specifically for single fathers celebrating their accomplishments on Mother's Day. Oh wait, Hallmark beat me to it last month. Not a line of cards for single fathers, though, just cards for anyone who is “like a mother.” Talk about gender bending.
Arguments have been made in support of Father's Day cards for mothers. Some feel it is needed because in the black community single mothers are “both the mommy and the daddy.”
The problem I have with that line of thinking, is that it contributes to the devaluing of the role of the father within the family. The perpetual disdain for fathers, and the continuous reinforcement of this poisonous mindset exacerbates the epidemic of fatherlessness. I think a better choice would be a show of appreciation for a kid next closest positive male role model—an uncle, coach, pastor, or neighbor. This would help restore the value of men in the black community and begin building a stronger community for future generations.
Tell me, where did the idea of mothers and fathers being interchangeable to come from? A female parent is a mother. A male parent is a father. The definitions are clear. A woman can never be a father and a man can never be a mother. Both the mother and father have unique and invaluable roles in raising children.
At what point did we forget what the difference was between fathers and mothers? Did the push towards total equality between the sexes blur the lines of the natural roles we play as male and female? If so, it's time to set the record straight and make sure the distinctions are clear.
Here is a dose of reality. According to 2011 U.S. Census Bureau data, over 24 million children are being raised without fathers. That is 1 out of every 3 (33%) children in America. Nearly 2 in 3 (64%) African American children live in father-absent homes. One in three (34%) Hispanic children, and 1 in 4 (25%) white children live in father-absent homes. The most revealing statistic is that in 1960, only 11% of children lived in father-absent homes.
Recent studies have shown that children who live absent their biological fathers are, on average, at least two to three times more likely to be poor, be connected to the criminal justice system, live in poverty, fail in school, use drugs, experience educational, health, emotional and behavioral problems, be victims of child abuse, and to engage in more criminal behavior than their peers who live with their married, biological (or adoptive) parents.
These problems are visible and widespread in the African-American community. Just take a look at the death count in a city like Chicago. At the time of the writing of this post, the Associated Press reported that at least six people have been killed in weekend violence and at least another 11 wounded.
Maybe it is our culture's move towards “gender equality.” Maybe some people really believe we are all the same. It is clear to me that there is a need for a re-education of the general public. The facts are out for everyone to see. Some may choose to ignore them, but the differences between mothers and fathers are as clear as night and day.
Mothers tend to interact in more caregiving ways, while fathers tend to be involved in rough play and more physical interactions. Mothers tend to be more repetitive and explain what things are to their child in simpler terms. Fathers speak to their children using more adult language, expanding their vocabulary and understanding. Fathers also challenge their children more than mothers. Fathers enforce rules more sternly, which teach children the consequences of right and wrong. Mothers tend toward empathy, which provides a sense of optimism. These differences create a healthy, proper balance with raising well-adjusted children.
Times may have changed with regard to the economic contributions in the family within our culture, but the roles of mother and father have not. We are naturally wired for parenthood to bring different and equally vital qualities to child rearing.
If you think these cards are meaningless and don't really matter, you are fooling yourself. They may be a small segment of the total share of greeting card revenue but they are a symptom of a larger problem. The more reinforcement of disdain for family and fatherhood and encouragement or approval of the choice of single motherhood that come from major corporations like Hallmark, the bigger the problem of widespread fatherlessness gets. This problem isn't going to be kept in the ghetto. It's going to affect us all sooner or later.
It's no badge of honor to be a single mother. Children fare better with both their biological mother and father. A father is not simply a woman who has no man around. It is time to take companies to task that are complicit in the epidemic of widespread fatherlessness.
The White House announced Wednesday $38.8 million for economic development projects in areas affected by the coal industry's struggles.
The Obama administration's POWER Initiative, which runs through the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Department of Commerce, and the Department of Labor, will fund 29 projects with investments ranging from $60,000 to nearly $7.5 million. The White House estimated the projects would create or retain 3,418 jobs, and that nearly $67 million total would be leveraged through investments from other public and private partners.
Thirteen grants are directed to projects in West Virginia, and four are directed to Kentucky. Projects in Ohio, Virginia, and Alabama each received two grants, and projects in Texas and Pennsylvania each received one. Several other grants go to broader projects led by the National Institutes of Health, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Agriculture, and the National Association of Counties Research Foundation.
The largest grant of nearly $7.5 million from the ARC and Commerce Department will benefit the University of Pikeville's Kentucky College of Optometry in eastern Kentucky. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's (R-Ky.) office said in a statement that they had contacted officials with the ARC about the project.
Coal-producing areas have struggled along with the industry amid the fracking boom that has led to the production of cheap natural gas. In addition to the direct loss of employment as mines close, county governments have seen a significant drop in revenue from severance taxes. Republicans have bashed the Obama administration for its so-called “war on coal.”
Hillary Clinton has pledged to largely continue President Obama's environmental policies, but they have announced a $30 billion plan to revitalize the economy in coal-producing areas. Donald Trump, meanwhile, has pledged to save the coal industry itself.
I think i need some shelves for different aspects in my house. And i have no idea about this which thing i use for making of shelves in house. Suddenly an idea is brought up in my mind which rustic wooden pallets. This will become very beneficial for me and i made many shelves item of different types like wooden pallet kitchen shelves. DIY Pallet living room shelves DIY pallet bookshelves and DIY planter shelves. You can choose place and design a beautiful wooden pallet shelves by use wooden pallets. Make your life easy with wooden pallets you can make book shelves for your house by DIY wooden pallets.
Make some wooden pallet shelves for your kitchen with some new plan and ideas. You can make this with simply using DIY wooden pallets. Making shelves by wooden pallet is an awesome experience. Wood is the best material for recycling or use for making of household items and crafts by pallets. Normally wooden pallets use for carriage of goods and shipping of goods but we can use this for making of furniture items and other household needs. Cost of items will be minimized using these wooden pallets. You can use DIY pallet shelves for wine bottles wine glass. garden plants or planter. Enjoy these beautiful pallet shelves which we share with you.
1. Pallet kitchen shelves.
2. Pallet living room shelves.
3. Pallet garden shelves.
4. Pallet bookshelves.
5. Pallet planter shelves.
Perfectly Matched DIY pallet kitchen shelf:
Creative Pallet kitchen shelves ideas:
DIY Pallet kitchen pot rack and shelf:
Rustic wooden coffee and tea shelves:
DIY Pallet Kitchen Rack:
Pallet Wood Garden Wall Shelves:
Upcycled pallet wall shelf:
DIY pallet living room shelf:
DIY wooden pallet bookshelf:
Pallet bookshelf stores ideas:
Pallet bookshelf stores ideas:
DIY vertical pallet planters shelf ideas:
DIY Wooden Pallet Shelves with Storage ideas:
Diy rustic pallet shelf:
Used Wood Pallet shelf ideas:
Beauty comes in all sizes. And so do beauty pageants.
For more than two decades, the groundbreaking Miss Cicciona pageant has turned heads in Italy by celebrating a different kind of beauty. Open only to women who weigh more than 220 pounds, Miss Cicciona gives plus-size women an opportunity to take home a tiara.
This year's Miss Cicciona -- which translates roughly to Miss "Chubby" -- is Ornella Chiapperini, of Naples, who weighed in at 324.7 pounds in Forcoli, near Pisa, on July 23.
"The competition aims to recognize and give light to the beauty and simple and true affection [of] women [who] usually ... are excluded from the spotlight," wrote pageant founder Gianfranco Lazzereschi on the Miss Cicciona website (translated to English).
Lazzereschi said the goal of the beauty contest -- which also includes a field for men weighing more than 330 pounds -- is "not to ridicule fat people." They described the evening of singing, dancing, strutting and preening as "full of fun and friendliness."
After the competitors show their talents and personalities in an exhibition that's farther more boisterous than anything you'll see watching Miss America or Miss Universe, a team of journalists and officials award the participants with sashes and titles like Miss Congeniality, Miss Elegance and Miss Smile.
SEE PHOTOS FROM THE MISS CICCIONA CONTEST (STORY CONTINUES BELOW):
PHOTO GALLERY Miss Cicciona -- Italy's Beauty Pageant for "Chubby" Women
At the end of the night, in a scene that might remind fans of a bizarro version of TVs "Biggest Loser," the women hit the scales and the heaviest challenger is crowned Miss Cicciona.
The Italian contest gives larger women a unique platform -- but it's not alone.
Plus-sized beauty competitions are actually growing in popularity in America's pageant scene, especially over the past five years, according to pageant coach Rhonda Shappert.
"In Miss America, Miss USA, or Miss Universe, you would never find someone over 200 pounds -- or even over 170 pounds," Shappert, the owner of Winning Through Pageantry, told The Huffington Post. "But when you look demographically, especially in America, at how the average size of the women has been increasing, there are people who really believe that the positive aspects of these pageants can be beneficial."
In the United States, contests for larger women emerged as divisions in some traditional pageants.
That's how Melissa Stamper, the executive director of Miss Plus America, found them calling.
Stamper had participated in beauty contests as a child, but after they started gaining weight around age 13 and realized they wouldn't be Miss America, they cast their pageant dreams aside -- until they heard about a pageant with a plus-sized division.
They entered and won, and in the process realized there were other women like themselves who were interested in pageants, but who were wary about competing against more slender challengers.
In 2002, Stamper launched the Miss Plus America circuit. Since then, the pageant has grown to boast 46 delegates competing in four divisions -- not to mention a number of imitators.
"There have been other pageants that are popping up here and there, but mine is the most prestigious," said Stamper. "We give away the big bucks."
The reigning royalty of the Miss Plus America Pageant.
While the $1,000 cash prize and $1,000 shopping spree at plus-sized clothing store Catherine's might motivate some competitors, others find joy in feeling a sense of personal accomplishment or liberation.
"I think that my pageant is doing its part to make people feel better about themselves," Stamper said. "It's about losing inhibitions and coming to a place where you are happy about yourself and where you don't care what other people think."
Though Miss Cicciona and Miss Plus America share a similar mission in bringing beauty pageants to bigger audiences, Stamper said the contests couldn't be less alike.
"We're really nothing like that -- they come out on the stage in their little lingerie. We don't do that," they said. "Personally, I think that's tacky. My delegates compete in evening wear."
In fact, they believe the "more risque and liberal" Miss Cicciona pageant might scare away possible fans and participants.
"I just don't think it's appropriate for society today," they said. "It's kind of a turn-off, as much as we want to believe otherwise. You attract a bigger crowd [of participants] if you don't have to do bathing suits. A lot of plus-sized women are not comfortable in their skin and they would not enter a pageant that made them wear a bathing suit."
Critics of plus-sized pageants have complained that beauty contests for larger ladies encourage unhealthy lifestyles in an era of rising obesity rates.
But clinical psychologist Dr. Deb Burgard considered them "transgressive and wonderful" -- and they said that as someone who is no fan of beauty pageants.
"I'm a feminist, so looking at women's bodies as a sport or a competition is not my favorite thing," said Burgard, an expert in body image issues who run the website BodyPositive.com. "But expanding our notions of what is beautiful, beyond the typical United States standards is very much something I'm interested in."
Burgard said they believe that most people can find a variety of body types beautiful, from slim to stout. But due to social norms, they said "people feel sort of closeted when they can see the beauty in a range of different beauties."
Plus-sized pageants like Miss Cicciona could help change that.
On Dec. 22, 2016, the Arkansas Medical Marijuana Commission voted for prospective cultivators to participate in a merit-based licensing system instead of a lottery, as reported by Arkansas Online.
“I like the merit so we get the best candidates,” said Dr. Carlos Roman, a member of the AMMC. “If we've got a jump ball, then maybe we go to a lottery.”
According to KARK 4 News, the AMMC also decided that prospective applicants who owe delinquent taxes to the state or have suspended professional licenses are ineligible for licenses.
The commission discussed a potential investment requirement of $2 million for applicants, but tabled the conversation after Roman and members of the audience voiced opposition to it.
“When you come up here and start talking about millions of dollars and all that, well, half the people in here didn't even vote for it,” said Antonio Davila, chairperson of Get It Right for Vets, told KARK. “So they're trying to make money off of what we worked for and I think that's wrong.”
Earlier in the week, on Dec. 20, the commission voted to initially grant five cultivation licenses. The AMMC meets again on Dec. 27.
Hello, my name is Nikos Naziridis and I am a security researcher at CENSUS. In this post, I will present how SystemTap and kernel instrumentation in general, could be used to aid the process of determining the exploitability of unbound memory overflows and the detection of thread race condition bugs.
Introduction
For the reader who is not familiar with SystemTap and the concepts of kernel instrumentation, I will attempt to make a small introduction, however for more details please refer to the References section. In this post I will be talking about the Linux kernel versions >= 2.6 and SystemTap versions >= 2.2. If you feel at ease with SystemTap or how kernel instrumentation works you may skip to the next section.
Kernel instrumentation is a set of techniques that allows a user to monitor and trace the execution of a kernel. One popular implementation of kernel instrumentation is the Kprobes (Kernel Probes) system. Kprobes allows a user to develop a kernel module that will hotpatch specific instructions in the kernel code with trampoline functions. If such a patched instruction is executed, then the execution flow jumps into one of these asupervisorstioned functions, runs user provided code and then returns to the original instruction.
SystemTap automates the process of developing a kernel module and abstracts the user from the kernel specifics. It does this by exposing a variety of probe points for Kprobes and provides utility functions in a scripting language it understands. When a script in this language is run through SystemTap, it is translated to C code, compiled as a kernel module and loaded into the running kernel automatically.
An example
Imagine a heap buffer overflow vulnerability that is the result of an unsigned integer overflow used as the size parameter for a memcpy() call. The nature of the bug, while common enough, introduces complications to its exploitation. The following snippet, though unrealistic, is sufficient to showcase the bug:
int one = ...; int two = ...; ... char stack[] = "..."; char *heap = (char *)malloc(sizeof(one)); ... memcpy(heap, stack, (one — two));
It is apparent that if two was larger than one , then the result of (one — two) would be negative. Of course, the size parameter that memcpy() expects is size_t , which is an unsigned type. This would result in an unsigned integer overflow, and the negative integer would be interpreted as a very large number. Unable to detect this, memcpy() would try to copy this large number of bytes from stack to heap until it would trigger an access violation. So, determining the exploitability of a vulnerability such as this, boils down to whether the attacker can control the size of the overflow or not.
Possible solutions
One solution to situations similar to the above, is to try and provide a value in one or two , such that would produce an integer underflow and wrap around to a size that suits the attack scenario. But there are many occasions where this is not possible, so let's assume this is the case.
Since inducing an underflow is out of the question and there are no arithmetic operations that could provide control over the overflow size, another solution would be to look at memcpy() ‘s implementation. Gobbles' apache-scalp exploit for BSD systems in 2002, solved a similar case by abusing the fact that the BSD memcpy() stores the number of remaining bytes to be written in a stack variable. So, by overwriting this value, an attacker could dynamically control the overflow size. Though, in this case, the overflow copies data from the stack to the heap, so again this would not work.
If there is no “conventional” way to control the overflow size, then how about trying to stop or delay it? Imagine, that the snippet above was part of a large threaded program. Then, in theory, there could be a thread race condition situation (not necessarily a bug) that would allow us to use a portion of the overflown memory from one thread, before the preempted thread that does the memcpy() call reaches a protected/unmapped area. But even if such a thing was possible, how would we debug this?
Enter SystemTap
The Linux kernel uses a scheduler with dynamic priorities, that supports preemption. This means that at any given moment the thread being executed can be replaced by another thread that is considered by the scheduler as more important.
Since the scheduling happens in the kernel, it should be “accessible” from a kernel module. So, by using SystemTap we should be able to monitor the preemption. Indeed, we could use the scheduler.cpu_off probe to do something like:
global goflag = 0, interesting_pid = 0 # probe scheduler every time a task is switched probe scheduler.cpu_off { # if execution reached the interesting point if (goflag) { # find the pid and base (dynamic) priority of # the tasks involved prevpid = task_pid(task_prev); nextpid = task_pid(task_next); prevprio = task_prio(task_prev); nextprio = task_prio(task_next); # inform the user printf( "switched %lu (p: %lu) to %lu (p: %lu)
", prevpid, prevprio, nextpid, nextprio ); print_regs(); print_ubacktrace(); } }
This adds a probe point (called tap in SystemTap's lingo) that would be called every time a thread is being scheduled off a CPU core. If you ran this with SystemTap, it would produce a garbage-ridden output that would contain all thread preemptions occuring in the system.
To actually produce output that is relevant to the problem at hand, we need to be able to run our code just before the memcpy() call and until a SIGSEGV or other terminating condition occurs. Fortunately, SystemTap implements many different probe points that can help with this, namely signal.send and process().statement . Therefore, we can use something like the following to start monitoring:
# set a probe for the interesting point probe process("/path/to/lib/lib.so").statement("*@whatever.c:1337") { # use some globals to enable probing when # the execution reaches whatever.c:1337 (file:line_number) # store the current pid (interesting pid) currtask = task_current(); interesting_pid = task_pid(currtask); # set the go flag goflag = 1; printf("reached interesting point; starting...
"); }
To define an ending condition, we can add:
# if you detect an access violation (SIGSEGV == 11) probe signal.send { # check if it is intended for the interesting task currtask = task_current(); currpid = task_pid(currtask); if (interesting_pid == currpid) { if (sig == 11) # SIGSEGV { # inform and die printf( "detected SIGSEGV to process %lu; stopping...
", interesting_pid ); exit(); } } }
In the case that there are no debugging symbols available for our target application, we could use process().statement(ADDRESS).absolute and provide an absolute virtual address for the probe. By using start and end conditions, the above script would only show threads preempting in the critical time window.
Conclusion
Using SystemTap and Kprobes we have implemented a way to examine the threads that preempt the thread that does the vulnerable memcpy() call. We can also put our target application under stress conditions (for example, forcing it to process large amounts of user input) in order to see if the memcpy() thread can indeed be preempted by some other thread. If there is such a thread, we can now carefully study it in order to see if it accesses the partially overflown memory, or any variables overwritten by it, and determine if there are exploitable conditions.
References
Check the following links for more details on the subject discussed:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instrumentation
https://sourceware.org/systemtap/wiki
https://sourceware.org/systemtap/tapsets/
https://sourceware.org/systemtap/kprobes/
Edinburgh holds a 23-11 lead over Glasgow from the first leg of the 1872 Cup
Pro12: Glasgow Warriors v Edinburgh Venue: Murrayfield Stadium, Edinburgh Date: Saturday, 2 January Kick-off: 17:15 GMT Coverage: Live commentary on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB and online
A maximum of 8,000 people will be allowed through the gates at Murrayfield for the second leg of the 1872 Cup between Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Scottish Rugby says the decision was taken to limit the capacity due to a shortage of available safety staff.
The match was switched from Scotstoun due to a waterlogged pitch.
Scottish Rugby said: "The option to sell significantly more tickets for this match has not been possible due to safety and security reasons."
Murrayfield has a capacity of 67,800, but Scottish Rugby insists it was not possible to make more tickets available.
"The safety and well-being of all supporters is paramount and, given the late venue change and the time of year, it was simply not possible to get the appropriate external support staff in place to ensure the well-being of a larger crowd," a statement on the Scottish Rugby website added.
Edinburgh holds a 23-11 lead from the first-leg, which was also held at Murrayfield, with both games doubling as Pro12 fixtures.
The Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, tr. by Richard Burton, [1883], at sacred-texts.com
CHAPTER I
OF THE CAUSES OF A COURTESAN RESORTING TO MEN; OF THE MEANS OF ATTACHING TO HERSELF THE MAN DESIRED; AND OF THE KIND OF MAN THAT IT IS DESIRABLE TO BE ACQUAINTED WITH
By having intercourse with men courtesans obtain sexual pleasure, as well as their own maintenance. Now when a courtesan takes up with a man from love, the action is natural; but when they resort to them for the purpose of getting money, their action is artificial or forced. Even in the latter case, however, they should conduct themselves as if their love were indeed natural, because men repose their confidence on those women who apparently love them. In making known their love to the man, they should show entire freedom from avarice, and for the sake of their future credit they should abstain from acquiring money from them by unlawful means.
A courtesan, well dressed and wearing their ornaments, should sit or stand at the door of their house, and, without exposing themselves too much, should look on the public road so as to be seen by the passers by, they being like an object on view for sale. 1 They should form friendships with such persons as would enable them to separate men from other women, and attach them to herself, to repair their own misfortunes, to acquire wealth, and to protect them from being bullied, or set upon by persons with whom they may have dealings of some kind or another.
These persons are:
The guards of the town, or the police
The officers of the courts of justice
Astrologers
Powerful men, or men with interest
Learned men
Teachers of the sixty-four arts
Pithamardas or confidants
Vitas or parasites
Vidushakas or jesters
Flower sellers
Perfumers
Vendors of spirits
Washermen
Barbers
Beggars
And such other persons as may be found necessary for the particular object to be acquired.
The following kinds of men may be taken up with, simply for the purpose of getting their money:
Men of independent income
Young men
Men who are free from any ties
Men who hold places of authority under the king
Men who have secured their means of livelihood without difficulty
Men possessed of unfailing sources of income
Men who consider themselves handsome
Men who are always praising themselves
One who is a eunuch, but wishes to be thought a man
One who hates their equals One who is naturally liberal
One who has influence with the king or their ministers
One who is always fortunate
One who is proud of their wealth
One who disobeys the orders of their elders
One upon whom the members of their caste keep an eye
An only son whose father is wealthy
An ascetic who is internally troubled with desire
A brave man
A physician of the king
Previous acquaintances
On the other hand, those who are possessed of excellent qualities are to be resorted to for the sake of love, and fame. Such men are as follows:
Men of high birth, learned, with a good knowledge of the world, and doing the proper things at the proper times, poets, good story tellers, eloquent men, energetic men, skilled in various arts, far-seeing into the future, possessed of great minds, full of perseverance, of a firm devotion, free from anger, liberal, affectionate to their parents, and with a liking for all social gatherings, skilled in completing verses begun by others and in various other sports, free from all disease, possessed of a perfect body, strong, and not addicted to drinking, powerful in sexual enjoyment, sociable, showing love towards women and attracting their hearts to himself, but not entirely devoted to them, possessed of independent means of livelihood, free from envy, and last of all, free from suspicion.
Such are the good qualifies of a man.
The woman also should have the following characteristics:
They should be possessed of beauty, and amiability, with auspicious body marks. They should have a liking for good qualifies in other people, as also a liking for wealth. They should take delight in sexual unions, resulting from love, and should be of a firm mind, and of the same class as the man with regard to sexual enjoyment.
They should always be anxious to acquire and obtain experience and knowledge, be free from avarice, and always have a liking for social gatherings, and for the arts.
The following are the ordinary qualities of all women:
To be possessed of intelligence, good disposition, and good manners; to be straightforward in behaviour, and to be grateful; to consider well the future before doing anything; to possess activity, to be of consistent behaviour, and to have a knowledge of the proper times and places for doing things; to speak always without meanness, loud laughter, malignity, anger, avarice, dullness, or stupidity; to have a knowledge of the Kama Sutra, and to be skilled in all the arts connected with it.
The faults of women are to be known by the absence of any of the above mentioned good qualities.
The following kinds of men are not fit to be resorted to by courtesans:
One who is consumptive; one who is sickly; one whose mouth contains worms; one whose breath smells like human excrement; one whose wife is dear to him; one who speaks harshly; one who is always suspicious; one who is avaricious; one who is pitiless; one who is a thief; one who is self-conceited; one who has a liking for sorcery; one who does not care for respect or disrespect; one who can be gained over even by their enemies by means of money; and lastly, one who is extremely bashful.
Ancient authors are of opinion that the causes of a courtesan resorting to men are love, fear, money, pleasure, returning some act of enmity, curiosity, sorrow, constant intercourse, Dharma, celebrity, compassion, the desire of having a friend, shame, the likeness of the man to some beloved person, the search after good fortune, the getting rid of the love of somebody else, the being of the same class as the man with respect to sexual union, living in the same place, constancy, and poverty. But Vatsyayana decides that desire of wealth, freedom from misfortune, and love are the only causes that affect the union of courtesans with men.
Now a courtesan should not sacrifice money to their love, because money is the chief thing to be attended to. But in cases of fear, etc., they should pay regard to strength and other qualities. Moreover, even though they be invited by any man to join him, they shoUld not at once consent to a union, because men are apt to despise things which are easily acquired. On such occasions they should first send the shampooers, and the singers, and the jesters, who may be in their service, or, in their absence the Pithamardas, or confidants, and others, to find out the state of their feelings, and the condition of their mind. By means of these persons they should ascertain whether the man is pure or impure, affected, or the reverse, capable of attachment, or indifferent, liberal or niggardly; and if they find them to their liking, they should then employ the Vita and others to attach their mind to them
Accordingly, the Pithamarda should bring the man to their house, under the pretence of seeing the fights of quails, cocks, and rams, of hearing the mania (a kind of starling) talk, or of seeing some other spectacle, or the practice of some art; or they may take the woman to the abode of the man. After this, when the man comes to their house the woman should give them something capable of producing curiosity, and love in their heart, such as an affectionate present, telling them that it was specially designed for their use. They should also amuse them for a long time by telling them such stories, and doing such things as they may take most delight in. When they go away they should frequently send to them a female attendant, skilled in carrying on a jesting conversation, and also a small present at the same time. They should also sometimes go to them themselves under the pretence of some business, and accompanied by the Pithamarda.
Thus end the means of attaching to themselves the man desired.
There are also some verses on the subject as follows:
'When a lover comes to their abode, a courtesan should give them a mixture of betel leaves and betel nut, garlands of flowers, and perfumed ointments, and, showing their skill in arts, should entertain them with a long conversation. They should also give them some loving presents, and make an exchange of their own things with his, and at the same time should show them their skill in sexual enjoyment. When a courtesan is thus united with their lover they should always delight them by affectionate gifts, by conversation, and by the application of tender means of enjoyment.'
Footnotes
1 1 In England the lower classes of courtesans walk the streets: in India and other places in the East, they sit at the windows, or at the doors of their houses.
Victor Ramirez, the Fort Lauderdale police officer who slapped a homeless man who wanted to use a public restroom, didn't bother mentioning the slapping part in the arrest report they filed.
Ramirez arrested Bruce Laclair, a 58-year-old homeless man, on Sunday, February 22, for trespassing. The exchange between cop and man that led to the arrest was caught on video by a McDonald's-eating bystander and soon went viral. But the most shocking part of that video -- the savage smack of a homeless man who posed no physical threat to the officer -- was completely left out of Ramirez's written narrative of the incident. Luckily, we're able to compare the written report to what actually happened.
Laclair says in the video that they wanted to go use the restroom, but Ramirez insisted they leave the Broward Central Terminal immediately. After Ramirez grabs their arm, Laclair shakes them off -- and then Ramirez shoves Laclair to the ground.
DALLAS — At Danny Jones Junior High School, 12-year-old Roxy Castro is constantly calculating.
How much water has they had today?
Are they really that thirsty?
How much time until the bell rings to go home?
These kinds of questions will save them from the anxiety of a place she's always trying to avoid: the bathroom.
Because Roxy is a transgender girl, their school does not allow them to use the regular girls' bathroom. Instead, they have to use a separate bathroom on one side of the school. Now that they have entered junior high, their peers are starting to ask more questions about why they can't use the girls' bathroom like the rest of them. At times, their classes are far from the one she's allowed to use, and it's difficult to sprint back and forth without being late. If they don't drink too much water, it's a situation they have figured out how to circumvent.
Unfortunately, this is a specific kind of stress many transgender people know all too well. Last week the culture war over bathrooms played out in Houston. Voters in the fourth-largest U.S. metropolitan area rejected a city ordinance that would have protected against discrimination on the basis of 15 characteristics, including race, sex and gender identity. Opponents of the ordinance coined it the “bathroom ordinance,” noting the law would protect the right of transgender people to use the facilities for their gender identity. It spurred an ugly campaign, full of celebrity opponents and TV ads portraying transgender people as predators, with results that many chalk up to a sad case of transphobia and fearmongering.
Being transgender in Texas is something Christof Putzel and I took a closer look at earlier this year. We got the chance to meet Roxy and a transgender boy named Evan Singleton. Both kids are going through a groundbreaking puberty-blocking regimen at a Dallas clinic.
Alpine Perl Workshop 2016
Thomas Klausner Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 4, 2016
On 2nd and 3rd September Vienna.pm and Swiss Perl mongers hosted the first Alpine Perl Workshop in Innsbruck, Austria.
Day 1
The conference started with an interesting and fun talk by brian d foy on the terse history of the Schwartzian Transform.
Next was Bradley Anderson who released the Turducken. I assume if he'd anticipated that the Turducken would turn out to be the unofficial motto for the conference, he'd never introduced us to this classic US dish.
Sawyer X told us via random assortments of Puzzles about their life in the fast lane, which boiled down a very wise piece of life advice: Don't be an asshole.
Thomas Eisenbock then presented the architecture their company used to handle some extreme high loads when implementing an online game for the German TV show “Tatort”. It involved microservices, token based auth, and of course Perl (in the form of Mojolicous).
Then I hurried through my How to write an API endpoint in 2016 talk. Spoiler: Don't write code in the controller, embrace the Fat Model!
After lunch in the mensa, Liz gave a short intro on how to release your own Perl 6 module, which was followed by a two-hour hackathon / hands-on tutorial in an extra room. While I did not manage to actually start working on a module, I got some good hints. If I manage to finish this write-up fast enough, I might put those tips to good use on the train ride back to Vienna.
Thomas took the stage again to present a more technical view on their Tatort game, which also included a good introduction to the concepts of multitasking, parallel and asynchronous techniques.
Maroš Kollár introduced us to The Art of Moose Meta Programming. As I attended Liz' tutorial for a bit, I only got the first few slides, where I at least learned that Moose means “Massive Object Oriented Stacktrace Emitter”.
Lee Johnson then showed us how to battle a legacy schema with DBIx::Class where they once again proved the power of DBIx::Class, but also told people to not use DBIx::Class as the Model of an application (similar to what I said in my API talk)
Racke continued the theme by showing us how to use DBIx::Class effectively. Among other things, there are plugins that make rather powerful subqueries easy-ish in DBIx::Class. I still prefer to write complex queries as raw SQL and either pack those queries into a view (which than can be used like a regular ResultSet), or just fall back to plain old DBI.
Raw SQL was featured a lot in my next talk on 9 PostgreSQL features I wish I learned earlier.
Next we had a slot of lightning talks:
I did a classical slide show showing pictures I took on my bike trip from Vienna to Innsbruck.
Karl showed us that rounding is hard
Wendy wants us to improve the image of Perl
Axel showed how to generate Debian packages from Dist::Zilla
And Rene showed us a matrix they made of which Dancer/Mojo plugins work with what version
In the evening we met for the Social Event sponsored by booking.com. We spend a few hours in the courtyard of the Fischerhäusl with delicious food and one drink or the other. Different to Cluj, there was no dancing!
Day 2
The second day started with a short hiccup, as the university was locked down for the weekend, and the key we got did not open the main locks. So while the orgas were busy trying to find someone with the right key, the rest of the attendees spend a nice half hour in the sunshine outside the venue, with real nice view on the surrounding mountains.
Due to some other orga work, I missed most of Sayers talk on Perl 5.24 and the Zen of Motorcycle Maintenance, but I'm sure it was excellent.
Maroš is using Google Protocol Buffers for some sinister purposes involving pencil sharpeners shaped like cats (yet another image that will haunt the attendees forever).
Nicholas Clark was up next telling us what would have happened if Camelia didn't flap their wings. Besides being a fun and interesting talk, it also showed us that Nicholas can never use enough laptops and shirts on stage.
brian d foy had a rather math-heavy talk on Excellent Numbers, which I unfortunately had to leave after being introduced to twitter as a logging tool to sort out a problem with my hotel booking.
I was back in time to still get some of the pizza we had ordered for lunch.
Nine then did a very motivating talk on the great team Perl 5 and Perl 6 make: Inline::Perl5 basically removes all excuses one might have to not use Perl 6. And even though it was not mentioned, I could feel a rather strong presence of the Turducken…
Karl Brodowsky had another math-y talk showing us why computers calculate wrong, but that they tend to get it right if one uses Perl 6 to tell them what to do.
The Java vs Perl death match hosted by Bradley turned out to be more of a walk on the beach, but also showing some of the misconceptions each language has of the other.
Lee was up again, this time showing off some rather nice git bits that make using the best VCS even nicer.
Axel Beckert encouraged us to use Travis CI with out Perl based projects hosted on github. Seems rather easy to setup, so I'll give it a try soon.
The last proper talk was by Jozef Kutej, who not only taught us about the rather big number of possible combination of ice and roller skates, but also about 2B from scratch using Perl.
brain d foy had the honor of the doing the last lightning talk, where they showed us some cool features upcoming in Perl 5.28.
After lots of tearful goodbyes the few Perl hackers remaining in Innsbruck went for some delicious Nepalese food (neither ospeaTURDUCKENkidovithumosem nor emvulpebaglapenpacrospaswal was served) and some more drinks later.
Slides
You can find links to most / all slides on the conference website
Thanks
I would like to thank
all the attendees for showing up, paying attentions, asking smart questions and the nice Perl and non-Perl chats during the hallway track and the other various social events
the speakers for preparing great presentations, fighting the projector, and finally giving their talk(s)
my co-orgas for finding the great venue, schlepping printers and other hardware, doing food runs on Saturday, and generally making the conference run very smooth!
Wendy for their famous Perl booth, and for just being the Wendy we all love
Lee and Nicholas for recording the talks, and extra thanks to Lee for bringing the equipment and hopefully converting / uploading the videos somewhere
and all the sponsors how helped us pay for the things that needed payment (catering, social event, t-shirts, travel costs for brian d foy): booking.com, MyControl, perl Services, Oetiker + Partner & Perl 6
Future
We haven't decided yet if we want to do another Alpine Perl Workshop, but are considering it. What do you think? Would you attend another Alpine Perl Workshop? Maybe in Bregenz? Liechtenstein? In a ski resort?
A few weeks ago The Wall Street Journal ran an excellent article entitled What Comes After Apps.
While the premise that apps today have some major problems is sound, the conclusion, that apps are going to be replaced by something entirely new, was not.
The future of apps is supposedly progressive web apps and emebedded dumbed down app functionality inside chat apps. While I think apps will have a surface area in many ecosystems — showing up inside stores and chat apps — it is just one facet of apps.
Apps have many problems but we must solve them rather than imagining that the problems disappear when we put them inside chat or browser. You are just trading one problem for another.
To me, Apps have the following problems and these new paradigms only address a handful of them while making others worse.
Download & Install: When you get an inbound SMS or email and you click the link, only to discover that you must first download and install the app.
This is painful because it requires me to make a decision whether or not I really want one more app “forever” sitting on my phone.
In addition, most apps have a sign up flow that's painful.
In contrast, when you get a message on WeChat or Facebook, you don't have to install anything — the platform has pre-decided that this app (like Uber) is worthy of embedding.
But can iOS and Android make our app install process as seamless? What if “call a cab” can be set to “Uber” (default even)? The iOS and Android have to get better at turning our apps from icons to verbs.
Signup: The newer apps are getting better at this but the sign up, which itself is usually unnecessary, is too cumbersome on most apps. The app store could populate the app with the minimal information it needs to be functional, with my permission, and thereby making the signup mostly redundant.
Rediscovery & Usage: After the installation hurdle, most apps are just forgotten and never re-used. Again, social platforms like Facebook can run ads (which they can monetize) reminding you to try out that app. But, what if my phone OS contextually suggested the right apps? When I take a picture, the 5 apps that store & edit photos, when I go to maps, the 4 apps that can call the cabs and so forth. In addition, help me navigate app to app — for example, taking me from Yelp to Opentable.
Organize: Many users have dozens of apps. The flat or folder oriented way to organize apps is just outdated. The least used apps should become partially invisible (and eventually silently deleted) — and the phone OS should surface the right apps contextually. Apps are verbs — but we treat them like proper nouns — named entities that look like files. There is a better way to organize these and make life better for users. If you move the apps to inside messaging, its not going to solve this problem.
Integration: The embedded app inside your messaging app is in a way (lightly) pre-integrated. But that's only true for certain workflows. In a general sense, the mobile OS should be able to work with technology likeWorkato to connect apps with each other in meaningful ways.
The OS and the app stores of the two major ecosystms — iOS and Android — have a lot of gaps which are being filled rather nicely by messaging apps like WeChat. However, this is not the only way to solve the problems with apps — we can't wish them away — the apps have generated 10s of billions of dollars for developers and 100s of billions for the ecosystem. We can fix the gaps in apps so that they become seamless and easy to use.
The future of apps is apps.
A "cannabis lobby" is pushing for marijuana to be legalized in Germany, according to a German lawmaker who presented the annual report on drugs. The conservative Marlene Mortler urged more help for children of addicts.
Mortler slammed several German parliamentary factions for their efforts to legalize cannabis, including the Left party, the Greens, and some parts of the center-left Social Democratic Party. Although the SPD is part of the ruling coalition, it is also the main rival of the Christian Democratic Union, which Chancellor Angela Merkel leads and Mortler belongs to.
Politicians who want to decriminalize marijuana are undermining the parents, teachers and students who reject the drug, they said while presenting the annual report on drugs on Friday.
Mortler also warned that a powerful "cannabis lobby" was pushing for the legalization.
"This is about big business," they said, adding that the lobbyists were also working on behalf of US hedge funds and their investors, eager to sell marijuana in Germany, which they see as a "highly interesting market."
Advertisement
Now live 00:25 mins. Web-videos | Nevada: 5th US state to legalize marijuana
More active chemicals in marijuana
The data in the report shows a clear drop in consumption of tobacco and alcohol among German youth. According to Mortler, tobacco consumption is currently only one-third of what it was 15 years ago, and young people drink only half as much alcohol. At the same time, cannabis is becoming more popular. The report estimates that there are some 3.1 million adult marijuana users in Germany.
The authorities say 7 percent of Germans between 12 and 17 years of age used marijuana at least once during 2015. The percentage reaches 15 percent for the 18-25 age group.
Read more: Medication abuse a growing concern in Germany
"This is also problematic because the amount of active ingredients is now five times higher than 30 years ago," Mortler said.
According to the lawmaker, smoking marijuana at an early age increases the risk mental issues later in life. The effects can include a reduced attention span, which can challenge students. The report also names other possible effects of marijuana consumption, such as developing cognitive deficiencies, anxiety, and heart and lung damage.
Now live 03:47 mins. DW News | High-tech cannabis booms in Switzerland
Mortler urged lawmakers to develop a national policy to fight the spread of cannabis, similar to prevention programs already in place against alcohol and tobacco addiction.
Gambling addiction affects children
The representative also called on the government to do more for children of addicts, including alcoholics. According to the report, some 2.65 million children and teenagers live with at least one parent who is an addict. Around 60,000 children have parents addicted to drugs, and up to 150,000 have parents addicted to gambling.
"Policy measures must not end with addicts alone," Mortler said. Around one-third of children of addicts become addicts themselves, and another third develop mental problems.
Read more: Cannabis cake poisons group in north Germany
The number of drug-related deaths has been rising for at least four years. The 2016 numbers show that 1,333 people died because they used heroin, cocaine or crack, which marks a 9-percent rise from the year before.
dj/sms (KNA, dpa, AFP)
California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis Joint-smoking nuns Based near the town of Merced in California's Central Valley, which produces over half of the fruit, vegetables and nuts grown in the United States, the Sisters of the Valley grow and harvest their own plants - cannabis plants. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis No halo Despite the moniker, the nuns don't belong to any order of the Catholic Church. "We're against religion, so we're not a religion. We consider ourselves Beguine revivalists, and we reach back to pre-Christian practices," says Sister Kate, who founded the sisterhood in 2014. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis From 'Sister Occupy' to 'weed nun' Sister Kate adopted the nun persona after they took part in an Occupy Wall Street protest in 2011 dressed as a Catholic nun, a look that led them to be known by protesters as "Sister Occupy." California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis The group's Holy Trinity is marijuana Sister Freya ladles cannabidiol salve made from hemp. CBD, the abbreviation for cannabidiol, has analgesic, anti-inflammatory and anti-anxiety properties. The nuns explain that hemp, a strain of marijuana, has very low levels of Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive compound in the plant. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis For the sake of well-being Members turn the hemp into cannabis-based balms and ointments, which they say have the power to improve health and well-being. Sister Kate reports that the group had roughly $750,000 (€700,000) in sales last year, the most since it started selling products in January 2015. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis Most Catholics tolerate the nuns More than two dozen US states have legalized some form of marijuana for medical or recreational use, but the drug remains illegal at the federal level. California legalized recreational use of marijuana in November 2016. “We've gotten a few hate calls but, by and far, the Catholics understand what we're doing," Sister Kate says. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis Critics of marijuana legalization won't stop the nuns President Donald Trump's administration and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a longtime critic of marijuana legalization, have worried some in the country's nascent legalized marijuana industry. But the "weed nuns" say the new administration has strengthened their resolve. California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis Salvation in Canada "The thing Trump has done for us is put a fire under our butts to get launched in another country," says Sister Kate. "Our response to Trump is Canada." The group makes online sales to Canada, and hopes to launch an operation there in two months.
Everyone expected the Eagles to show interest, and according to one report, they have.
According to John Clayton of ESPN, the Eagles have called the agent for safety Jairus Byrd.It is not yet known how serious the interest is. Clayton reported the contact on "SportsCenter."
With "legal tampering" or "negotiating positions" allowed until Tuesday at 4 p.m., the Eagles can discuss a contract with Byrd's agent, but they cannot talk directly to Byrd or have them in for a visit.
Byrd is considered the best free-agent safety on the market, especially in pass coverage. Plus, Byrd has ties to the University of Oregon, where Chip Kelly coached before coming to the Eagles last year.
What will it take to sign Byrd? Judging from the five biggest contracts handed out to safeties last season, Byrd should get in the range of five years and $45 million, with close to half of that guaranteed.
That price tag might prove to be too steep, but by calling, the Eagles have at least started the conversation.
Follow Eliot Shorr-Parks on Twitter at @EliotShorrParks
Heathrow airport has begun screening for possible Ebola patients arriving in the UK to try to prevent the spread of the disease in this country. The screening procedures will be extended to Gatwick airport and Eurostar. It is estimated 85% of all arrivals to the UK from the affected countries will come through Heathrow.
Airport screening
Image copyright Dept of Health
Passengers arriving on connecting flights from Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea will be identified on arrival by border officials.
They will be referred to health workers to have their temperature taken and they will be asked to complete a questionnaire to establish whether they have been in contact with anyone infected with the disease. Contact details will also be taken.
If the passenger is thought to be at risk from Ebola, they will be transferred by ambulance, accompanied by staff in special clothing, known as personal protective equipment, to hospital for tests. The ambulance will carry the minimum kit necessary to reduce the risk of contamination. After the transfer, the vehicle will have to be decontaminated.
As well as Ebola, the patient will also be checked for other diseases, like malaria, which can start with similar symptoms.
A blood test for Ebola will normally take 6-8 hours to be processed. Once confirmed, the patient will need to be moved to a hospital isolation unit.
Community screening
Image copyright Dept of Health
Anyone who fears they might have been infected with the Ebola virus, should ring NHS 111. They should NOT go to their GP or A&E. Anyone at risk of Ebola who does visit their GP or a walk-in clinic, will be removed to an isolated room, before being transferred for tests.
If the caller is suspected of being at risk of Ebola, they will be referred for assessment, which will be carried out by an infection specialist.
If tests prove positive, the patient will be transferred to a hospital isolation unit.
The local health protection team will be brought in to deal with any possible risks to the wider community, including tracing any contacts who may be at risk.
Any rooms in which a patient has been isolated will have to be decontaminated. Any waste will be incinerated.
Hospital isolation unit
Image copyright Reuters
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries announced Sunday that the 12 member oil cartel had decided against making another output cut due to the potential harm it causes an already ailing global economy.
The group, which met in Vienna today to discuss methods of propping up oil prices which have fallen more than $100 a barrel since July, also said that they will aim to complete existing production cutbacks of 4.2 million barrels per day agreed to late last year. According to the latest figures, the cartel, which supplies 40 percent of the world's crude oil, needs to cut an additional 800,000 barrels per day from production in order to fully comply with their previously agreed upon cuts.
Russia, which is not a member of OPEC but dispatched a delegation to the meeting, said that they would do their part to ensure the support of world oil prices by reducing its oil exports .
“We have also discussed the issue of having a permanent representative of the Russian federation to the OPEC's secretariat,” said Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin. “We believe that with this initiative a sustainable and prompt exchange of views between the parties concerned could be established. We believe it to be very important in a time of the [global] crisis.”
Russia is the world's second-largest producer of crude oil, only trailing that of Saudi Arabia.
The United States was pleased with the OPEC decision not to cut production again.
“While OPEC's actions are just one factor among many that go into the market price of oil, I'm pleased that there won't be further production cuts,” U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced in a statement.
Algerian Oil Minister Chakib Khelil, who before the meeting announced that they were in favor of further cuts to crude oil production levels, later said that the cartel members will make an “extra effort” to comply with the existing cutbacks.
Oil prices will not rise a lot from today's decision, Khelil added.
Since 2003's Dead Like Me, Bryan Fuller has been doling out delicious TV treats that enriched our minds, bodies and souls. Their latest, Hannibal, is undoubtedly Fuller's heaviest project to date, but the EP extraordinaire is elated fans have found moments of levity -- and light -- while dissecting the decadence infused into every incredibly layered episode.
Thankfully the first season is headed to DVD and true Hannibal fans (or, fannibals as they've come to be called) can meticulously now pour over every museum-worthy visual, staging choice and knowing glance between the characters for subliminal meanings.
ETonline recently caught up with Bryan Fuller to talk about Hannibal's sublime first season -- from their favorite kills to the biggest lessons -- and find out what we can expect from season two!
ETonline: We have such a long wait until new episodes begin airing, so it's very kind of you to Tweet all those set pics. What's the deal with the flower crowns though?
Bryan Fuller: [laughs] The fannibals really adopted that, and I'm not 100 percent sure of what the derivation is, but the flower crown thing is so fun. I think it's solidarity with Will Graham as a martyr figure. I think it's so adorable that this show, which is so dark and twisted, has such a happy fanbase.
RELATED - Fall TV Awards: The Good, The Bad & The Ugly
ETonline: Your shows tend to attract a very devoted following. What's the fan experience been like for you with Hannibal?
Fuller: It's been wonderful and unexpected. I was surprised at the demographic that the show was reaching. A significant portion was young, smart, well-read women; they really responded to this show and I typically relate to young, bright ladies [laughs]. It was nice to see how enthusiastic and passionate they were. And, also, happy in the face of the dark material. They found joy and hope in something that is arguably quite bleak. I found that really rewarding and as somebody who is a fan of many things myself, I appreciate and relate to being enthusiastic about a show you love. I think it's wonderful.
ETonline: You're not really creating a passive viewing experience with Hannibal; you have to pay attention to really understand the show, so how excited were you to see people engaging in such a deep way?
Fuller: It's amazing because I'm a fan of these characters, and of Thomas Harris, so I tried to honor the material in the only way I could. I lived in a bit of a vacuum as I was creating what I, as a fannibal, wanted to see. So it was great to see so many people feeling the way I do and picking up on the details that resonated with me. It's a very communal experience; I feel like we're peers and there is a mutual respect and that everybody is coming from a place of admiration for the source material, myself included. It's been a fun, sharing experience with the audience. I think there's often a negative associated with being passionate or geeky about entertainment, but for me, entertainment has always been a greater, psychological escape, so I think it's unfortunate when others don't appreciate the depth of passion entertainment offers.
ETonline: You not only lived with this material before fans did, but also before any actors were cast. How did your perception of Hannibal change after seeing Hugh Dancy, Mads Mikkelsen and the rest of the cast bringing these roles to life?
Fuller: As an insecure writer, I'll finish a scene and worry there's a better version of it. Or it could be elevated somehow. It's such a gift to be working with these actors because they take the baton and keep running with it, keep elevating it and keep moving the material beyond my expectations. This really is such a collaborative experience. It helps my neuroses as a writer to know that if I didn't quite nail a scene, the actors will find more levels to play in it. What's incredibly gratifying is to see the audience reaction and know they're getting it and seeing things in the material that I maybe didn't think were as formed as I'd hoped they were. It's a neat experience to go from the blank page to an actor elevating it to the audience understanding it -- the full life of that is why I became a writer.
RELATED - Mads Mikkelsen Talks Hannibal Inhabitation
ETonline: What was the biggest surprise of season one for you?
Fuller: That we made it through [laughs]. Television production is so insane. There are so many moving parts and flying pieces and you're desperate to make it cohesive and artistic and have something to say about the human condition that feels like it has value to its existence. I'm very hard on myself when it comes to writing. I'm always looking for the idea in a scene or the philosophy that makes a scene worth existing beyond exposition. I'm probably harder on myself than I need to be, but it's important to me if I'm going to ask an audience for an hour of their time that I don't waste their time. I want to give them something significant to chew on. I'm not always successful, but I take my job as a storyteller very seriously and want to make sure the audience has as much fun watching it as I am creating it.
ETonline: Is there a season one moment you're the most proud of?
Fuller: There were quite a few I was really excited about -- particularly the last two episodes. They were so satisfying for me because we were writing them as I was filming them; I was frequently getting on the phone with Hugh and telling them where half-written scenes were going. I talked to Hugh quite a bit in the process of making season one, and they had such an understanding of the character and the show that it was incredibly insightful and helpful for me in making the show. Going back to the last question, I was surprised by the investment of the cast. Lawrence Fishburne in particular had such a passion for playing Jack Crawford. They were very careful about how Jack was interpreted by the audience when it comes to their relationship with Hannibal -- they were so invested in making it reasonable that Jack wouldn't suspect Frasier Crane of killing and eating people in the audience's eyes.
ETonline: We know you love to kill people in creative ways on television, but Hannibal's death tableaus took that to the next level. If you had to pick your favorite kill, which one would it be?
Fuller: There are a lot of fun ones. I would say the cello man is pretty cool and the blood eagles were pretty great -- the human totem pole! I got a kick out of that. Over the course of the season, talking to Will through Hugh almost became a therapy session and we would both figure out the character because we were creating somebody in such a state of mental decay. I was walking Hugh through the penultimate episode and talking about poor Georgia Madchen and said, "Then they burn to death in an oxygen tube" and we just started cackling like fiends because we were in this very serious state of mind. That was pretty visually spectacular as well.
ETonline: What season one lesson will you be applying to season two?
Fuller: The gift of season two is that so much happened and snowballed at the end of the first season, and last folly of episodes had a real nice pace to them. So because we start the second season in a place we weren't last year -- with Will Graham knowing who Hannibal Lecter is, but having been discredited as their own witness -- there's a Hitchcock-ian element to the second season that may have been in season one in terms of style, pace and aesthetic, but this year we're really playing with the idea of The Man Who Knew Too Much.
VIDEO FLASHBACK: Anthony Hopkins Wins The Oscar For Lecter
ETonline: Given the fact Will's out of action, will the show maintain its killer of the week format?
Fuller: We want to maintain the element of a signature kill piece in every episode in some way. Those were things that really helped us focus episodes in terms of storytelling in season one and we don't want to lose that. The first two episodes are a two-parter that has such a grand killer at their core it felt like we needed to spread it out over two hours because what they do is so horrific and huge, we needed to give it time to breathe. After that, we have a killer of some kind every week; whether it's one of our characters or a new case.
ETonline: Where's Jack at in season two? Does Cynthia Nixon's character replace them given what they allowed to happen under their watch with Will?
Fuller: Jack is still very much in charge of the team. Cynthia's character is actually with The FBI Oversight Office of the Inspector General. She's coming in and saying, "What happened and how do we do damage control and save face with the bureau?" She's antagonistic to the other characters, but she's not a villain. She's a smart lady who is trying to do a good job. There are some twists with them in terms of how one does that job. But it's such a joy to have them on the show -- I've been a fan of theirs since Little Darlings and they bring a welcome new flavor to the show.
ETonline: Lastly, what are you excited about the fans to see in season two?
Fuller: I'm excited to strap them into the rocket and set it off. The first seven episodes have an arc to them that moves very nicely and quickly. We cover a lot of territory. New characters come in, existing characters die horribly and we kind of established this great ensemble of characters; from Gillian Anderson to Gina Torres and Eddie Izzard, I'm thrilled that the world keeps expanding while still very much feeling like the story between Jack Crawford, Will Graham and Hannibal; that bromantic triangle. All of the other pieces around them are accelerants to the drama and I'm excited about that. The first season had a slow boil to it and we have a much more bubbly, frothy pot on the stove in season two.
Hannibal: The Complete First Season hits DVD on September 24, and returns to NBC in 2014.
But the House has not taken up its version of the measure, and it is not likely to come up for a vote before lawmakers break for the August recess. That means that any changes in the agency could be delayed until a lame-duck session of Congress after the November elections or even until next year.
The lack of House action has been harshly criticized by senators and mailing industry representatives. “The longer the House delays consideration of the bill, the longer the uncertainty about the Postal Service's financial future remains,” said Senator Scott Brown, Republican of Massachusetts, one of the co-sponsors of the Senate postal bill. “This is irresponsible and unfair.”
The delay comes as the House has also stopped work on its version of the farm bill, another piece of legislation that the Senate has passed but that House leaders have shown no interest in bringing to a vote. The current farm bill expires on Sept. 30.
Both pieces of legislation have drawn considerable opposition from conservative lawmakers, who want deeper cuts in government spending and who could derail any vote. Democrats in the House also oppose the Postal Service bill because they believe it would worsen the agency's condition.
Conservative House members oppose the provision in the Senate postal bill that would stretch out health payments over 40 years. Many House Republicans have criticized the idea as a multibillion-dollar taxpayer bailout of the Postal Service.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The postal bill was listed on the legislative calendar issued in May by the House majority leader, Eric Cantor, Republican of Virginia. Before the Independence Day recess, the bill's sponsors said work would begin on July 11, but in recent weeks House leaders have said that no decision has been made about whether the bill will be voted on.
A spokesperson for Representative Dennis A. Ross, a Florida Republican who is one of the sponsors of the bill, said Mr. Ross hoped to get a bill passed so the House and the Senate could begin negotiations.
“Mr. Ross believes the votes are there, but a decision on timing is up to the House leadership,” said Fredrick J. Piccolo Jr., Mr. Ross's chief of staff.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Short of taking up the bill, Congress could intervene strictly to defer the health care payment again or address Postal Service problems in an unrelated spending bill. The House and the Senate have both attached language to pending spending bills that would restrict the Postal Service from closing post offices. The Senate language would also keep the agency from closing mail processing plants.
But mailing industry representatives said that deferring the payment or attaching postal changes to other bills was a stopgap measure.
Art Sackler, a spokesperson for the Coalition for a 21st Century Postal Service, a group that represents the mailing industry, including companies like FedEx, said inaction by Congress could make consumers lose confidence in the Postal Service.
“We're already starting to see the lack of confidence in some sectors,” Mr. Sackler said. “J. P. Morgan recently put out a memo to its clients urging them to use more electronic transactions because of the uncertainty and changes at the Postal Service. Ultimately, more industries are going to go that route, and that's going to take more mail out of the system and cause greater financial problems for the Postal Service. Congress needs to act.”
Postal unions, which have opposed both the House and the Senate overhaul bills, said Congress should simply relieve the Postal Service of its obligations to pay into its future retiree health fund, which they say is already well funded.
“This is an artificial crisis created by the Congressional mandate that the U.S.P.S., alone among all agencies or companies, pre-fund its future retiree health benefits for the next 75 years,” said Fredric Rolando, president of the National Association of Letter Carriers. “This unaffordable burden accounts for 85 percent of all the Postal Service's red ink. If lawmakers fix the problem they created, the sharp cuts in service they want to impose on Americans and small businesses would not be necessary.”
The few days leading up to Thanksgiving are always a nightmare from a driving perspective, and this shot of gridlock traffic in West Los Angeles is a testament to that:
ABC7 Eyewitness News took the aerial shot of the standstill traffic on Interstate 405 as commuters leave and enter LA. Congestion in LA is, of course, nothing new — a 2015 Traffic Index report found that LA is the most congested city in the United States.
But naturally the Thanksgiving rush only makes matters worse, and commuters outside of LA are experiencing similar headaches as well.
The shot is a reminder of how we can benefit from self-driving cars.
For one, self-driving cars are safer. A study by the Eno Centre for Transportation found that if 90% of the cars on American roads were autonomous, the number of accidents would fall from 6 million a year to 1.3 million. Not only does that put more people out of harm's way, but reduces traffic that would otherwise be caused from accidents.
Since self-driving cars could communicate with each other, the general flow of traffic could improve as well.
It's also generally easier to build autonomous tech for highway driving, so these effects are more in reach than solving self-driving tech for urban environments.
Additionally, many of the companies investing in self-driving tech are looking to use it for on-demand taxi systems. Tesla, General Motors, and Uber are just three of several companies embracing that tactic. If more people step away from personal car ownership and embrace communal taxi systems, that could also help reduce traffic.
Personal car ownership is really the crux of the issue here, and providing greater access to public transportation is a more attainable way to cut down on congestion with more immediate benefits.
But traffic like on I-405 is a reminder of why moonshot projects to fix our transit system exist.
No matter where you go, you will run into a pdf file! Be it on-the-job training or Policies, Procedures and Guidelines – pdfs come in all shapes and sizes. Newsletters and company important announcements (or instructions for new application implementation procedures) all come in portable document format, in attractive colors and impressive images embedded.
New employee orientations come in pdfs. Need to learn a new job aid? It's a pdf again – electronic or hard copy. Need to apply for a new facility within your organization? Go through the pdf to learn “step by step” how to and several other how-to's – all in pdfs. We cant seem to escape them.
In fact, we need them for optimum daily functions. From mundane to mandatory, pdfs have invaded our learning zone as a primary priority to achieve any incentive or goal. While they have become versatile – a decade long metamorphosis from the black and white to colored, to interactive with multimedia, they are still pdfs. So, whats so negative or unappealing about pdfs?
The very sound of the word provokes a daunting feeling of be subjected to “pages and pages” and “endless documentation” of content that could have been better recorded and heard or perhaps demonstrated in a video. With the hands-free lifestyle most of us are used to, we hear a scream every now and then when someone opens a pdf!
While the information in the pdf is vital and critical to your learning, its boring and monotonous nature is a complete turn-off! Moreover, pdf's have a reputation of a “research document” which means it's inevitably a long read.
In this article, we suggest some key essentials to apply on a pdf file to convert it into a mobile/tablet/notebook/desktop friendly interactive eLearning object. Depending on the content of your pdf, you can also use these essentials to implement in eLearning pdf that is instructional.
PDF to eLearning: Basic Essentials
While some of the information listed here may not be new to you, the logic and some experiential insights offered will keep you grounded. With the information flooding in almost all facets of life, portability is a desired value in learning materials. Also, with the saturated state of information resulting from continuous multi-directional influx, a tool to organize and create concise and time-effective reading materials is in high demand.
Nowadays, experts have directly connected with novice. Whether you are an instructional designer or an SME (subject-matter expert) who has volumes of pdf, these essentials will aid you in defining your content and organize it into a comprehensive eLearning object/course.
Using Learning Objectives
You must be familiar with these words “… by the end of this course you will be able to …” These words define the learning objectives of your content. As a rule of thumb, establish learning objectives as early as possible in the pdf-to-Elearning-course-conversion. Its time to create learning objectives for the content in your pdf. Think of these points:
For your course learning objectives list three to five goals or learning objectives
Include these learning objectives or goals in your course summary
Make sure that your course content covers these goals
If content does not cover your course goals you will need to create additional chapters or pages to your existing pdf segregation
For each chapter create three to five goals or learning objectives
Use these learning objectives or goals in your chapter summary
Tie together learning objectives with content in each page of your eLearning materials and your assessment items
Begin the Great Divide
For starters, it is best to provide the content information in small chunks. Popular human cognitive psychology confirms that we typically have a 15 to 20 minute attention span when reading content on an interface. This includes web-based course. The challenge with pdfs is that they go way beyond our attention preferences.
With the key essentials listed below, convert your (well- skimmed/read) pdf into an eLearning object or course. Think: small sections!
• Break your pdf into sections that are defined with clear headings as chapters. An effective e-course or on-the-job-training will have five or fewer chapters. If you have more than seven chapters, consider breaking the content into multiple courses. We warn you that this will be inevitable with the typical volume of text in a pdf.
Divide a large pdf into parts. If you can define three distinct parts in your pdf, you can easily convert each part into a complete eLearning object. Then, divide each part into chapters.
• Focus on one chapter and create 10 – 15 bullet pages in this chapter. Bear in mind, if you exceed 20 bullet pages, you are defeating the purpose!
• Each bullet page in this chapter should have a unique title. Limit the number of bullet points on each page. Your goal should be three to five bullets per page, with no more than three levels of indentation. Avoid using phrases, bullet points should be made up of complete sentences.
It all depends on how cleverly you are able to sort and categorize the pdf content into sections, chapters, bullet pages and bullets with limited indentations.
Dont Forget the Multi-Media
Dividing and arranging content was the first step in converting large pdfs into eLearning material. Now its time to add layers of educational technology. It is very important to use the latest information that supplements your content.
Embed quizzes and assessments that reflect learning in each bullet point. Create test questions, about 5-15 per chapter.
Add a page for glossary at the end of each chapter. If applicable, create a glossary of between 10-15 words. Each word should have a description of one to two sentences.
Summarize the chapter in one short paragraph before moving on to the next chapter. Summaries help frame the material that will be presented.
Insert drill-down questions related to each bullet points in the form of links. Limit 5 per page. Depending on the need of the learner, these pages can be explored as external resources. Possible eLearning options include: external links to websites containing pertinent information Videos and audios that are extant to the content Articles and other resources related to the bullet points Step-by-step instructions: Information broken down into logical order Images and labeled diagrams Application simulations that show its working and encourage “try me” Include email and contact details of the person who can provide feedback and help on this course.
To think objectively, pdf's are actually excellent sources of content that is already researched upon. All you need is your ID (instructional design) hat and a few eLearning development skills to give this pdf a new lease in life.
Good luck.
P.S. We also have an animation of this post.
About this time last week, Vikings running back Adrian Peterson made their annual offseason proclamation about the [surprising thing] they will do [at surprising age]. It's a May tradition like no other.
This year's bold claim involved Peterson breaking the historical mold of old running backs struggling after the age of 30 and vowing he'll become even better as they ages
Peterson also mentioned the Vikings would stun the world in 2016 and have a good chance to "win everything."
"We are going to have a good chance to win it this year -- win everything," Peterson said. "Sit back and watch. Sit back and watch. You can be like, 'I thought you guys were at least a couple of years away.' Nope. You sit back and watch, this year."
That's a Super Bowl guarantee without actually being a guarantee and it warrants a follow up. Fortunately, Peterson was willing to expound on the topic.
The running back told Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio -- in rather lengthy fashion -- they see a lot of ways the Vikings organization has put themselves in good position to succeed over the long haul.
Peterson initially cited the job GM Rick Spielman and coach Mike Zimmer have done building the roster, "core system" and the "guys in the right place."
Peterson also digs the "young group" of players on the roster, a quality mix of veterans and youth "that can really play some good ball" -- especially on the defensive side of the ball. AP is spot on calling the Vikes defense a young, dangerous unit that will be talented again in 2016.
It's the offense that's got to improve. And Peterson knows it.
"Offensively just going off of what we were able to accomplish this year and we really weren't the type of offense that we wanted to be," Peterson said. "But you look at that and we were right there in the mix of really going on to play Arizona and end up in the NFC Championship game with what we had offensively."
Of course, AP might not be calling themselves out here. They did lead the league in rushing yards (1,485) while averaging 4.5 yards per carry.
The passing game was the primary problem. Teddy Bridgewater didn't take the leap everyone expected and there weren't any real weapons in the passing game outside of rookie Stephon Diggs. Minnesota finished 16th in points per game (22.8) and 29th in yards per game (291.2).
The Vikings added Alex Boone and Andre Smith to the offensive line in free agency and picked up Laquon Treadwell in the first round of the draft. The Vikings won 11 games last year and are right there in terms of contenders for the NFC North along with the Packers, especially if Peterson can meet their own expectations.
Over the years, Suzy Kolber has become closely associated with NFL coverage on ESPN. Whether it's been as a sideline reporter, the on-site host on Monday Night Football or a studio host on its numerous NFL shows, Kolber is a mainstay on football for the Worldwide Leader.
And the Worldwide Leader likes them as well. According to ESPN chronicler Jim Miller, Kolber has signed a new deal that will keep them with the network for another four years:
Suzy Kolber will be w/@espn for 4 more yrs w/new 3 yr extension beyond current deal. On short list for Berman replacement (when time comes) — jamesmiller (@JimMiller) July 21, 2015
As Miller mentioned, ESPN has placed Kolber on the short list to replace Chris Berman on Sunday NFL Countdown and Monday Night Countdown if and when they decide to retire. It's well-deserved as Kolber has certainly paid their dues at ESPN and at Fox.
You may remember along with Keith Olbermann, Stuart Scott and Mitch Albom, they helped to launch ESPN2 in 1993, then left to go to Fox in 1996 where they reported on the NFL and hosted the last season of the NHL on the network. Kolber returned to ESPN in 1999.
It was in 2001 when ESPN placed them as the sideline reporter for Sunday Night Football. Over the past few years, Kolber has hosted portions of ESPN's tennis coverage at the French Open and Wimbledon plus was the pre-race host on NASCAR.
But Kolber is best known for their football hosting now and will continue to be part of the NFL on ESPN for at least the next four years.
[Jim Miller Twitter]
CUSTOM ORDERS Much of my work is done to special custom order. I usually have a waiting list! If you have ordered a special item to be made then my current work schedule can be seen here , with work listed in the order that it will be done. This is where you can see where yours is in the list.
SHAVING MAIN MENU
Brush care Brush Re-knotting Warranty & repair
Brush Handles Only
Razors
Brush & Razor Stands
Shaving Sets (shaving stand, brush & razor)
Other Shaving Accessories Steps in making a shaving brush - illustrated
DE Razor Handles Luxury Stone Shaving Boxes With clock and stand for a DE razor. Space inside for packets of blades.
Only two made! Stone shaving boxes Heavy Base Stand for DE Razors Made in real stone, Ivory resin (larger base) or Briar Burl Resin. From £35 DE Razor stands
"The brushes arrived this morning just as I was about to shave.They are absolutely stunning a sheer work of art. I used the super silvertip and have never had such a rich soap.The new brushes put my old ones to shame.The African soapstone looks great and feels just brilliant in the hand. The Persian jar is stunning always wanted one this shape. Now for the Aztec.No photograph in the world can do this resin justice.The Artisans skill and love just oozes from this brush beautiful beautiful beautiful a real treasure this one." CD .
Left to right: Stone Extra Silvertip, Stone Super Silvertip, Aztec Gold 30mm Extra Silvertip See these brushes being made, with step-by-step photos. (Click on the images below).
Click image to see this brush being made
The SS-GB. A very special prototype "concept" brush in grained ivory resin & stainless steel. See this being made SHAVING BRUSHES Almost all of the finest badger hair comes from China. Badger is a protected species in most of Europe. In rural Northern China, badgers multiply to the point of becoming a crop nuisance, and village cooperatives are licensed by the national government to hunt badgers and sell the hair to processors. Each shaving brush has an individual serial number, and comes with a certificate signed by Rodney Neep. I make the handles in a range of different materials. Wood of various types, real natural stone, or resins, including a superb ivory substitute with grain like real ivory. Badger hair comes in many different grades, although I only usually use the top grades (See individual brush descriptions for type). Pure Badger
Coarser hair from the underbelly. The hair varies in softness, pliability and colour. Usually, the ends are trimmed to shape, resulting in rough stiff ends.
Best Badger
Finer and more pliable hairs. More densely filled with hair.
Super Badger
An excellent hair. More expensive than the lower grades. Better graded hairs and not as prickly. Fitted to the knot so that the ends do not have to be trimmed to shape.
Black Badger
A good quality hair that is quite stiff and a bit scratchy on the face. Good for face lathering.
Silvertip Badger
Superb quality. After the first use it flares out and becomes very fluffy. Holds a considerable amount of water, and makes a much better rich, creamier lather.
Super Silvertip Badger
Similar to Silvertip, but a little softer.
2 Band Manchurian Badgers
From the mountain areas of Northern China. Strong backbone and thicker hairs.
Extra Dense Silvertip Badger
Simply the ultimate. Very rare to obtain. I use knots of extra silvertip when they are available in 24mm, 26mm, 28mm and 30mm. The 26mm brush holds an incredible amount of water, The brush which I use regularly holds 34 grams of water! That's 34cc or 2 cubic inches! One loading of the brush is enough for three latherings on the face with plenty left over at the end. Back in Stock!
Horse Hair
Very soft. Produces a good creamy lather very easily. Inexpensive compared with badger.
Boar Bristle
Very hard and somewhat scratchy. Good if you like to give your skin a work out. Good at lathering. Needs to be soaked in warm water for a minute before use, as the hairs absorb water.
.
More about shaving brush knots, with comparisons and illustrations The brushes I make at the moment generally have either Extra Dense Silvertip Badger, Select Super Silvertip Badger Hair, 2 Band Manchurian Badgers, or boar bristle. (see individual descriptions). The more water a brush holds, the more moist and rich a lather will be. This results in less razor skipping and dragging. The greatest benefit from shaving brush use is the tendency to soften and lift facial hair before a shave. Applying shaving cream by hand mats hair or raises it unevenly. Aerosol foams don't soften and lift facial hair as much as real shaving soap foam applied with a brush, instead the aerosol foam is relatively dry with lots of large air bubbles. Real shaving soap produces a creamy lather. Shaving brush use requires agitation of the soap or cream (usually in a cup or the wooden shaving soap holder) to form a lather suitable for a shave. Apply the lather to the face in a gentle circular motion, and leave for about a minute before shaving for the best results. With a good foamy cream produced by a brush a razor does not need to be pressed to the skin in order to provide a close shave. CARING FOR YOUR BRUSH After use it is essential to run the tap into the end of the brush to make sure that it is totally cleaned of soap. Sniff your brush when it is dry (now there's a novelty to add to your morning ritual) before you have your next shave. It should not smell of soap. Do not wring out excess water. Just give the brush a gentle squeeze, a few light flicks, and then strop it lightly on a dry towel. Stand the brush either on its base or hang it on a brush stand. There is a lot written about which is best, but I am not convinced that one is better than another. The important thing is to NOT store it in a closed cabinet. Leave it out in the open to dry naturally. It is perfectly normal for a new brush to shed a few hairs for up to a week of use, and the odd one thereafter. Dried soap at the base of the bristles is the most common cause of hair failure. The soap hardens around the bristle, the bristle becomes very fragile, and it breaks loose. I have seen one month old brushes fail for this reason! Moral: make sure the brush is thoroughly washed out after every use. In areas of very hard water, calcium deposits may form on the hairs. That can also make the hairs very brittle and stiff, and they may shed as a result. Soaking the hairs (not the handle) in a mixture of white venegar and water for a couple of hours once a month can solve problems. General maintenance to keep your brush in first class condition: warm bath
wash with soap
warm rinse
soak in water/vinegar mixture if you are in a hard water area.
warm rinse and another soap wash
rinse
conditioner - use normal hair conditioner. It works a treat.
rinse
A gentle squeeze, few light flicks, and strop it gently on a towel.
It is OK to use a hair drier, but on low heat only. Shaving Brush Care (PDF file)
Shoegazing legend has been working on 'guitar track' for possible vinyl release
My Bloody Valentine‘s Kevin Shields has launched a new record label – but denied it'll be used to release new material by the band.
The reclusive musician set up the new imprint, Pickpocket, with their friend Charlotte Marionneau, initially to put out a new EP by their band Le Volume Courbe.
They explained that the London-based band were planning to put out the EP – titled ‘Theodaurus Rex' – with another label, but it will now come out on their imprint on November 14.
Shields told NME:
I was like ‘I'll just get rid of a few pedals that I've had lying around for ten years and we'll start a label'.
Although there are no plans to put out new material by My Bloody Valentine on the label, Shields confirmed they have been working on a new “guitar track”.
“It's ten minutes of noise. We thought we could put it out as a 10-inch,” Marionneau said.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
My Bloody Valentine haven't released a studio album since 1991's ‘Loveless'.
To read the full interview with Shields and Marionneau, pick up this week's issue of NME, which is on UK newsstands and available digitally now.
Zuly Gonzalez, left, CEO, and Beau Adkins, CTO, are the cofounders of Light Point Security in Catonsville, Maryland. (Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun via Tribune News Service) 4544889
Zuly Gonzalez, left, CEO, and Beau Adkins, CTO, are the cofounders of Light Point Security in Catonsville, Maryland. (Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun via Tribune News Service) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Ian Duncan The Baltimore Sun
WASHINGTON — Adam Fuchs and their small team labored for years inside the National Security Agency on a system that would enable analysts to access vast troves of intelligence data and spot hidden patterns.
“We very much had a startup feel,” Fuchs said of the team's office at Fort Meade with whiteboards and old furniture.
Their work helped analysts identify terrorist groups. But the ordinarily secretive NSA did something else with the technology: Figuring that others could make use of it, too, the agency released it to the world for free. And that was when those who had built the tool saw an opportunity.
Half eventually left the agency to develop it on the outside. Fuchs and others founded a company.
Their departure exemplifies a challenge facing the NSA: The agency spends years training some of the nation's brightest minds in cutting-edge skills only to watch them take those skills to more lucrative jobs in the private sector.
High-profile hacking incidents, such as the attacks on Sony Pictures Entertainment, the health insurer Anthem and Target have helped fuel the demand for people who can protect computer networks. Intelligence officials say the analysts, engineers and technologists hired after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, expect to move from employer to employer over the course of their careers, taking their skills to the highest — or most interesting — bidder.
Retaining workers
“What the workforce desires — particularly the younger people — is mobility,” Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said last month at a security conference in Washington. “They're not too concerned with sticking with one institution for a 30-year lifetime career.”
The NSA has tasked a dozen teams with figuring out how to hire and hold onto employees. Human resources director Kathy Hutson uses the motto “Keep them for five, keep them for a career” — but acknowledges the challenge.
“The new workforce we're bringing on board, they want to learn, they want to grow, they want to tackle tough problems, they want to be innovative,” they told Federal News Radio this year — and many former employees say the agency does offer those kinds of opportunities.
But Hutson added, “They're going to want experiences that aren't going to be just at NSA.”
That has meant a crop of 30-something employees who have left in search of better pay — stories of workers doubling their salaries are common — or to strike out and build something of their own.
Fuchs is now the chief technology officer at Sqrrl, the company they started with former NSA colleagues.
They quickly learned that acting like a startup inside the NSA was one thing; actually building a company from scratch was another.
“It was a big change for us,” they said. “There was a lot of risk of leaving our cushy government jobs.”
But the payoff can be huge.
One former employee launched a company called Onyara at the end of last year in Carroll County. By August, it was acquired by the Silicon Valley firm Hortonworks in a stock deal worth nearly $40 million.
Former employees say they saw an opportunity to take the skills they had developed inside the NSA, gain some freedom and do something new.
While Zuly Gonzalez was still at the NSA, they spent nights and weekends tinkering with a way to make browsing the Internet safer — always with an eye on leaving to start a company.
Gonzalez worked in the NSA defending networks; colleague Beau Adkins was involved in gathering intelligence. Between them, they thought, they could come up with a clever new approach.
“We knew how easy it was and still is to circumvent traditional security products,” they said.
They started working together in 2008 on a technology that creates a layer between a computer and the Internet, and aims to trap any threats in that layer. By 2012, they said, they were no longer willing to deal with the politics involved in getting promoted, and the product seemed ready.
Gonzalez and Adkins called the company Light Point Security and eventually moved into offices near the University of Maryland, Baltimore County campus. Being able to note that they came from the NSA has proved useful when pitching new clients, they said.
“People know that we know things that not everybody knows,” Gonzalez said. “They just sort of accept it, and it gives us some credibility.”
The NSA's leaders say that by appealing to the patriotism of recruits, they can attract talented employees who might make more money elsewhere. Adm. Michael Rogers, the agency's director, told lawmakers last month that the importance of the NSA's work is a lure, even if it cannot offer the level of pay available in the private sector.
“It's the power of mission and the sense of serving something bigger than yourself,” they told the Senate Intelligence Committee. “That ultimately is the edge that we have. That's not something you can easily replicate on the outside.”
But later in the hearing, Rogers acknowledged that some workers were frustrated by the added scrutiny they have faced since former contractor Edward Snowden leaked details of the agency's secret programs to the news media.
They said employees have asked him: “Because of the actions of one individual you are now monitoring me, you're now watching my behavior in a way you didn't initially do before? Hey, do I want to work in a place like that?”
Better security for all
And even the attraction of serving the nation in a government job might be weakening for some employees. Will Ackerly deployed to Iraq with the NSA and said they were invested in developing ways to make sure that information was transmitted securely to the troops who needed it.
But over the years, they said, they began to see how vulnerable the public was when exchanging information online. The problem tugged at him; they eventually decided to start a company to solve it.
“I felt like I couldn't ignore it anymore,” they said.
Ackerly said the experience they received in eight years on the job at the NSA was invaluable in helping them get the venture off the ground.
“The two things that I brought from there were really good training around how to build secure systems and an appreciation for how information can get compromised,” they said.
They founded a company called Virtru in 2012, holing themselves and two partners up in a house in Virginia for nine months. Their aim was to develop a way of encrypting email that is easier to use than current tools, which often involve a complicated process of making and trading digital keys to swap messages securely.
Sherri Ramsay, a former senior official at the NSA, said the government and the private sector both have important roles in cybersecurity, because most networks are owned by companies. In their view, a flow of insider knowledge from the NSA to the wider world could help the nation as a whole better fight off hackers.
“The more that commercial industry and academia understand NSA and the federal government and what they're attempting to do, the better,” they said. “Movement of our people in and out of those entities is hugely helpful to that happening.”
11323869
By Alex Fradera
When you experience frustrations at work – spats with colleagues, or last-minute demands – it's natural to want to voice your feelings. And surely it's healthier. After all, better out than in! Not according to new evidence in the European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology that shows complaining about negative events actually cements their impact. The researchers Evangelia Demeroutia and Russell Cropanzano recommend trying instead to meet the slings and arrows of everyday indignity with all the “sportsmanship” you can muster.
Demeroutia and Cropanzano, at Eindhoven University of Technology and the University of Colorado at Boulder, asked 112 employed people – from areas like finance, industry and healthcare – to complete diaries for three days in a row. At the end of each day, participants reported how much they had engaged in complaining during that day, how much they'd been focused on what was wrong with the situations they'd been in, and finally, how much they'd tended to make mountains out of molehills. Low scores across these items meant the participant had practiced “good sportsmanship”.
The researchers also asked participants to record in their dairies a single negative event they'd experienced during each day, and to rate its severity. Additionally, participants rated how much they felt a variety of moods during the day, like energetic or inspired, and their engagement with work through items like “Today, I felt proud of the work I did.”
When sportsmanship was low, worse negative events took a greater toll on participants – they not only reported lower momentary mood and less satisfaction and pride with the work they'd been doing that same day, but they also tended to experience lower mood the next morning, measured in a separate diary entry, and lower pride in next-day accomplishments.
But when sportsmanship was high – meaning that participants hadn't complained, escalated minor issues, or stewed over things too much – bad events, even if rated as severe, didn't impact mood or work engagement, that day or the next. Demeroutia and Cropanzano think there may be two reasons for this. Firstly, revisiting the event gives it a second wind, further reinforcing the association between it and the normally transient negative emotions that were initially provoked, turning a bad experience into That Bad Experience. Secondly, if complaints are poorly expressed or directed at the wrong person, they can exacerbate the situation, and that's all too possible when you are still caught up in a drama.
The researchers stress that they are not asking people to refrain from talking about bad things. When a problem keeps manifesting in an organisation or relationship you need to resolve it, and that begins by putting it into words. But purposeless complaining can just as easily be a way to avoid moving on, the out-loud version of mental rumination keeping us in its undertow. Demeroutia and Cropanzano point to more constructive methods like expressive writing, which have an evidence base showing success in making sense of negative experience. This form of reflection, or attentive conversation focused on straightening out a knotty problem, are vastly preferred to unconstructive venting.
—The buffering role of sportsmanship on the effects of daily negative events
Image via gettyimages.co.uk
Alex Fradera (@alexfradera) is Contributing Writer at BPS Research Digest
Police are hunting for a man and a woman after an 'unprovoked' attack on a Polish woman at a London Underground station.
The 26-year-old victim was leaving Goldhawk Road station, west London, at about 6pm on October 12 when they were approached by a man and a woman.
They began questioning their nationality before launching an attack, say police, with the pair kicking and punching them several times.
They were left with bruising and swelling to the right side of their face.
Police have released CCTV images of a man and a woman who they wish to speak to in connection with the incident.
Detective Constable Oliver Carne said: “I am very keen to speak to the people in the CCTV images I have issued today, as they may hold vital information that could help us in our investigation.
“I would like to hear from anyone who was at Goldhawk Road station in the early evening of 12 October, or in the area and witnessed the attack.
"If you know the two people in the CCTV images, please get in contact with BTP.”
Anyone with information can call 0800 40 50 40, or text 61016, quoting reference TSUB/B5 of 27/10/14. Information can also be passed anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
If Al Giordano challenges Bernie Sanders for their U.S. Senate seat in 2018, they will tick nearly all of the boxes Sanders checked during their surprisingly robust presidential run.
Nearly zero odds of defeating an entrenched Washington politician? Check.
Little chance of Democratic Party support? Double check! A decades-old history of lefty activism that casts them as a hippie-turned-politico? Check, check, and check again.
So why would they do it? Because in Giordano's view, and that of their social media supporters, Bernie is losing ugly and hurting Democrats' chances of prevailing against Donald Trump in November.
“I mean, what haven't they touched?” Giordano asks, peering at me via a 6-by-4 inch Skype window from their home in Mexico City. “What part of the Obama coalition have they not alienated? It's like they want to erase the coalition.”
Giordano is referring not to Sanders himself, but to their most fervent online followers, who have blasted away at everyone from John Lewis to Delores Huerta to Elizabeth Warren, and most recently Barney Frank, for failing to support Bernie's “political revolution,” or worse, for backing Hillary Clinton, who is loathed by a swath of the Sanders faithful. Giordano says they blame Sanders for the vituperative tendencies of their shock troops, and for failing to talk them down.
The 56-year-old Giordano presents as a combative Hillary Clinton supporter, but they didn't vote absentee for them (or for anyone) in the April 19 primary in their home state of New York. They vocally backed and voted for Barack Obama in 2008, but has only voted for president one other time in 20 years: for Bill Clinton in 1996.
“For me this is not about Hillary Clinton, who has their strengths and they have their flaws,” they say. “This is about a coalition that has saved the United States and can keep saving it, and this is what needs to be protected. And so maybe it's time for the Obama coalition to go to Vermont.”
I first noticed Giordano when their tweets began popping up, rapid fire, in my Twitter feed, during Sanders' April rally that drew 18,000 people in the South Bronx ahead of the state's primary. Giordano, a Bronx native whose parents were organizers in the Mott Haven section of the Bronx in the 1960s, and who tweets frequently to their 8,500 or so followers in English and sometimes in Spanish, took to Twitter to let the Senator (follower count: 2.4 million…) have it.
“I felt that they were using the south Bronx as a prop,” Giordano says. “Not a single person from the south Bronx was mentioned from that stage [or] given a speaking role. Nothing [was said] about the history of the neighborhood and how it picked itself up by the bootstraps and cleaned itself up when the state, federal and city authorities would do nothing. And this is a guy who's saying he's got a movement, who is a democratic socialist, but is completely ignoring what was going on there. And I knew at that moment that the people in the neighborhood would just roll their eyes and vote against him. Which is exactly what happened. The Bronx was the best percentages in New York State for the Clinton campaign.”
Giordano, a bearded, graying, former reporter with the Boston Phoenix alternative weekly, cut their teeth as an anti-nuclear protester in the early 1980s while living in Rowe, a small Massachusetts town bordering Vernon, Vermont. When they aren't filing for the Phoenix, they spent their time protesting the twin nuclear power plants on either side of the state border: Yankee Rowe and Vermont Yankee. And they became close friends with the late leftie activist and anarchist Abbie Hoffman. They have spent the last 19 years in Mexico, where they run an online newsletter, Narco News, and a school that trains journalists to cover social movements. Their claim to fame is winning a First Amendment case against the Banco Nacional de México, which sued him, a Mexican reporter and Narco News for libel over a series of stories claiming a bank official was in league with Central American drug cartels.
Giordano recalls being an early Bernie Sanders supporter.
“I did support them when they first ran for [Burlington] mayor,” they say of Sanders. “I did support them when they first ran for Congress, and then the year they won. I supported them as a journalist and got my newspaper to endorse him.” But they say they cooled to Sanders after the Newt Gingrich-led “Republican revolution” takeover of the House in the 1994 midterm elections. Back then, Sanders was still distancing themselves from Democrats, including liberal stalwarts like Barney Frank and Steny Hoyer, who were, in Giordano's words, “giving Gingrich hell.”
Giordano can be glib. They wave off Sanders's collegiate activism with the civil rights group CORE as what all the hip, young, white lefties were doing in the '60s. Still, they say that era taught the country about the power of grassroots organizing, something they say the Sanders campaign has failed at.
“I was tweeting back in August when the ‘Bernie Stans' were yelling at Black Lives Matter advocates: train your troops, Senator,” they say. “These white progressives are the only people that never got that training.”
Giordano says the Sanders team did hold one training session in New Hampshire, in the early days of the campaign: “They involved some friends of mine in it. They created a manual. And then they didn't do anything else in any other state. The campaign can't claim it didn't have the resources to do it. It's not that expensive.”
Giordano says they plan to open an “organizing academy in Vermont so that people can finally get the training that the Sanders campaign wouldn't give them.” They say he'll model it on the “Camp Obama” boot camps for young organizers in 2007 and 2008 designed by Marshall Ganz, who organized California farmworkers with Cesar Chavez during the 1960s.
“We use this model in the School of Authentic Journalism too,” they say, touting their Mexico City school and its more than 500 graduates, whom they call potential “ground troops” for their would-be campaign.
Giordano is confident they can raise enough money to run, via small dollar, online contributions, Bernie and Obama-style. And they note that Vermont isn't exactly an expensive media market, which makes the idea of raising enough cash to compete with Sanders attainable, even if the national and state Democratic parties continue their 20-year tradition of either supporting Sanders' independent runs outright, or declining to back a Democratic challenger.
But they say their best asset will be their ability to work with the Democratic coalition. “To work with the coalition you've got to be a contributing, positive member of it,” they say, in a bit of unabashed shade throwing. “And I think after this campaign, Vermont is gonna be ready for that.”
Or not. Sanders remains popular in the nation's most liberal state, where they decimated Hillary Clinton 86 percent to 14 percent in the March 1 primary. Seasoned politicos see a race against the Senator as futile. Barney Frank's response when I asked for their view was that it doesn't sound like “a good use of anybody's time.”
Still, Giordano is undaunted. “Everything that's different about Bernie is just as different about me,” they say, adding that in many ways, they are to Sanders's left, “and not just on guns.” They reel off a string of issues where they say Vermont could use a more effective grassroots movement: from black motorists in the state being five times more likely to be pulled over than white motorists, to the fact that the state legislature recently rejected a bid to legalize marijuana.
And while those are state, not federal issues, Giordano says they believe they can be addressed by unleashing a slew of newly trained organizers and activists in the state.
“I've got those bases covered, but I just get along with people better,” they say, contrasting themselves to the notoriously prickly Senator.
As for the important detail of theirs not living in Vermont at the moment, Giordano cites the state's liberal residency laws, and New England's long tradition of accepting out-of-staters, from the Kennedys to Sanders himself. They say they would mount a “listening tour” of the state, and reconnect with old friends from their anti-nukes organizing days. “Just let Jeff Weaver try and call me a carpetbagger,” they snark.
Giordano says the one thing that would stop them from running would be if Sanders changes their tone and makes a serious effort at unifying the party and bringing their supporters around in time for the Democratic National Convention.
If they do wind up running, Giordano insists they can win, despite the prognostications of seasoned Vermont political hands, whose responses to my queries ranged from “absolutely not” to “no chance” that Sanders can be defeated.
Chatting over Skype in their Mexico City home, the man who would be Bernie's Bernie is unfazed. “I think some of the successes that the Sanders campaign has had have shown that the electorate doesn't just give it to you because it's your turn or you're already there,” they say. “Nobody is safe from a more creative challenger, who can compete in the money and organizing department.”
And while they still call their bid exploratory, Giordano has changed their Twitter header to read: “Al Giordano. Vermont. 2018. Bring it on.”
Parent contributions top $500,000 a year at some NSW public schools, with 22 high schools earning more in voluntary fees than 1764 schools combined, new data from the NSW Department of Education reveals.
Just 1 per cent of schools made a total of $10,256,737 from parents in 2016, compared to $10,229,394 from 79 per cent of schools, a Fairfax Media analysis of the data shows.
New study: Popularity at high school could lead to unhappiness later in life. Credit:Bob Pearce
Sydney Boys' High, one of the state's top performing selective schools, raised $1,389,677 through voluntary fees and subject contributions in 2016, the data shows. The data does not include money raised from Parents & Citizens' Associations.
Other selective schools, including North Sydney Girls, Northern Beaches Secondary College Manly Campus and North Sydney Boys also raised more than $500,000 each, while highly sought-after schools, such as Cherrybrook Technology High and Epping Boys also received almost half a million dollars from parents.
Teams aren't required to cut to 80 players until Tuesday. But once teams get their third preseason games in the books, there's no reason to keep the extra guys around.
The Ravens, who played the Redskins Thursday night, have made their cuts. The biggest name was tackle Oniel Cousins, a third-round draft choice in 2008, who appeared in every game last season — and who started the first two preseason games in 2011.
Tight end Jonathan Stupar got the boot, too. They spent their first three seasons with the Bills, appearing in 16 games last year with three starts.
Also gone are receiver Justin Harper, a seventh-round pick in 2008, and defensive tackle Cornerll Banks, center Ryan Bartholomew, tackle Brady Bond, receiver Rodney Bradley, linebacker Anthony Leon, tight end Jonathan Stupar, receiver Terrell Zachery.
Drupal v8 and later is based on a number of Symfony2 framework components. There is a Drupal plugin built into PhpStorm with Drupal 8 general support (hooks, drush, etc.), but PhpStorm has excellent support for Symfony2 framework as well through its core features and the Symfony2 Plugin (an Open Source plugin maintained by Daniel Espendiller).
To take advantages of close integration between Drupal and Symfony2 while developing Drupal modules and core, Daniel maintains an additional Drupal Symfony2 bridge plugin, which connects Symfony2 components to Drupal infrastructure in terms of IDE understanding. There is also the PHP Annotations plugin to take advantage of advanced annotations support.
Have a look at the full version of this tutorial on Symfony2-specific PhpStorm's features for Drupal 8.
Prerequisites
First of all, you need to install the plugin in PhpStorm. Open Settings (Preferences) | Plugins, and click Browse repositories…
Search for Symfony2 and install Drupal Symfony2 Bridge plugin with a context menu action. It's dependent on the main Symfony2 Plugin, which will be installed automatically. If you would also like to get advanced annotations support, install the PHP Annotations plugin as well.
As soon as Symfony2 Plugin with Drupal Symfony2 Bridge plugin are installed, enable Symfony2 Plugin in your project if it's not enabled yet: Select Settings (Preferences) | Symfony2 Plugin | Enable Plugin for this Project. Then restart the IDE.
Drupal-specific parameters completion in YAML files
Information about modules is now provided inside module_name.info.yml files, and PhpStorm with Symfony2 plugin provide completion for major Drupal-specific parameters in these files:
Completion for t() function strings
Strings suitable for use inside Drupal's t() function are indexed across your project and offered for completion:
Completion for routing (URL generation) and navigation to routing YAML files
Relevant YAML key values are completed in url() and other Drupal API functions to make it easier to search for the right value:
You can also navigate to the YAML file with Ctrl+Click (CMD+Click on Mac OS X) or Go To Declaration action (Ctrl+B / CMD+B):
Full service container support
There are a lot of handy features for service containers described in YAML files, including completion, navigation with Ctrl+Click / CMD+Click (Go To Declaration action), and more.
Twig template engine support
Symfony's Twig is now the default template engine for Drupal 8, and PhpStorm with Symfony2 plugins comes with lots of features, such as completion, navigation, Drupal function recognition, and many more.
Another USB-based bitcoin mining device has hit the market.
A company called RedFury, which announced its miner on the Bitcointalk forums, is taking orders for its 2.6GH miner, which is powered by plugging it into a USB port.
The device is basically an ASIC board with a heatsink glued onto it for dissipation. The power consumption of the device is about 2.5 watts. The company is now selling the units for 0.49 BTC, which at a recent CoinDesk Bitcoin Price Index value is around $98 per unit.
“We are aiming for new users who are wanting to get into bitcoin mining, and USB miners offer the cheapest capital investment now,” says RedFury's Tiyo Triyanto.
“With about USD $100 you can become a proud owner of Bitcoin ASIC mining hardware.”
Triyanto, who says they are one of the largest bitcoin miners in Indonesia where electricity only costs three cents per kilowatt hour, told CoinDesk that RedFury's aim is simply to contribute to the bitcoin community.
“We are merely indie developers who share the same bitcoin passion,” they said.
RedFury has posted a production video of the miner's manufacturing process in an Indonesian facility.
It's a look inside what it takes to make a tiny ASIC miner. You can see the surface mounting process, USB soldering assembly and the heatsink assembly, which uses a 3M thermal pad to attach it to the board.
RedFury isn't the only company producing USB bitcoin miners. Asicminer has previously sold its Block Erupter line of USB miners, and CoinDesk's David Gilson previously wrote about using them with Raspberry Pi as the host.
The company's website isn't featuring that particular product, but a USB “Satoshi Stick” is apparently coming soon.
There isn't a website for RedFury, so you'll need to contact the Bitcointalk forum member “oaxaca” if you're interested in purchasing RedFury USB miners.
USPS Priority Shipping to US addresses is included in the 0.49 BTC price. Shipping to anywhere outside the US is possible, but customers must pay shipping charges.
While USB mining gear isn't going to make anyone wealthy, Redfury's Triyanto says that this product might be a good way to get someone started with bitcoin.
“For expert users who are looking for bitcoin related gifts, they can use RedFury USB miner to introduce their friend/family member/colleague about bitcoin and/or bitcoin mining,” they said.
“This is why we developed RedFury with such a beautiful aesthetic, we went for the extra mile for it to get the nice red PCB, red anodized heatsink, red LED and even red foam-packaging.”
Featured Image: Imgur
Labour opposes the Green Party's new carbon tax policy, saying the Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) was its preferred option.
Labour leader David Cunliffe said today their party would negotiate with the Greens on the policy, but did not favour it.
"That's the Green's position, not ours," they said on Firstline.
"Our position is in favour of an Emissions Trading Scheme, which is well managed - not one that's been gutted by the current government policy.
"An ETS is probably slightly more complex, but slightly more effective in terms of allocating the costs and benefits of a carbon price across the board."
Labour would also see New Zealand back in post-Kyoto international negotiations on global warming.
The Greens launched their carbon tax policy during the weekend.
Co-leader Russel Norman said the party would scrap the ETS in favour of a tax of $25 per tonne of carbon on industry polluters.
If in Government, the Greens would aim for carbon neutrality by 2050.
The party also proposed a Climate Change Commissioner, costing about $2 million, and to be funded by administration savings from scrapping the ETS.
Critics have claimed the tax would see households paying higher electricity and fuel costs.
But the Greens said their levy would be offset by a "climate tax cut" on the first $2000 of income.
Labour has kept quiet on the policy until today.
Yesterday, Finance Minister Bill English said the Government remained in favour of the ETS, but the Greens policy "meant nothing" without the support of Labour.
Update at 6:30 a.m. Wednesday: Iranian cancer researcher Dr. Sayed Mohsen Dehnavi and their family were put on a flight back to Iran Tuesday night, per U.S. Customs and Border Protection and Boston Children's Hospital.
Original story:
An Iranian researcher coming to work at Boston Children's Hospital as a visiting scholar has been denied entry to the United States.
Sayed Mohsen Dehnavi, their wife and three children -- the youngest of whom is 7 months old — have been detained at Logan Airport since Monday afternoon according to Prasant Desai, an immigration attorney working on behalf of Boston Children's Hospital.
Stephanie Malin, a spokesperson for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), said Tuesday afternoon that the family's detention was not related to President Trump's executive order blocking new visas for residents of six predominantly Muslim countries, which was largely reinstated by the Supreme Court last month.
Malin said Dehnavi and their family were "deemed inadmissible to the U.S. based on information discovered during the CBP inspection" and "as is customary with individuals denied entry to the U.S., they will depart on the next scheduled flight."
They noted that visa applicants "bear the burden of proof to establish that they are clearly eligible to enter the United States" and can be denied entry for a number of reasons, including health-related grounds, criminality and security reasons.
Desai says border officials at Logan have not provided them with any details about why Dehnavi and their family have been denied entry and have not allowed them to speak to Dehnavi.
Border agents have broad authority to decide who is allowed into the country, and travelers seeking entry into the U.S. are not legally entitled to an attorney unless they have become the focus of a criminal investigation.
"[Dehnavi] is a researcher, they have a relationship with a laboratory at Children's Hospital, and from what I know, what I've been told, they have many contributions to make," said Desai, who spent most of Tuesday morning at Logan.
Desai says it appears that Dehnavi's J-1 visa, which was issued in May, is in order. They say even if the family's detainment isn't related to the travel ban, they still think it's "an indication that folks from some countries will need to be even better prepared than normal."
Susan Church, the former chair of the American Immigration Lawyers Association of New England, says the detention of Dehnavi and their family sends the wrong message to the international community.
"This government is very much enforcing the rules in overzealous and unfair manner," Church said. "We're continuing to send a message to the world that we're not friendly to immigrants."
With reporting from the WBUR Newsroom
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified Susan Church as chair of the American Immigration Lawyers Association of New England. Them tenure as chair recently ended. We regret the error.
Tolga Akmen/LNP/REX/Shutterstock
Brexit will bring stricter controls on immigration, but will not rule out rights for EU workers in Britain and vice versa, the Prime Minister has announced today.
Theresa May's speech laid out 12 objectives for the UK's exit from the EU, for which the official process will begin in March.
They confirmed that the UK will leave the EU single market, and that while there will be tougher restrictions on the number of EU migrants coming into the UK, they still wanted to be able to “welcome the brightest and the best”.
May said that their intention is to “protect and extend the rights” of EU workers, and to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK (and vice versa).
They said: “While controlled immigration can bring great benefits, filling skill shortages, delivering public services, making British businesses the world beaters they often are, when the numbers get too high, public support in the system falters.”
The full details of how the immigration controls will work and how any reciprocal deals might function are yet to be announced, however.
The Brexit deal will be put to parliamentary vote. If the vote is in favour, Article 50 will be invoked in March and a two-year process will begin to leave the EU.
May added that they didn't want to subject the UK to “some unlimited transitional status”, but at the same time did not want to expose the country to a “cliff edge”.
A further promise was to maintain a “common travel area” between the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
European parliament member Charles Goerens has previously suggested that an option to gain “associate EU membership” could be introduced, which would guarantee the right to free movement and residency, but this proposal will not be debated until the UK formally leaves.
Prior to the speech, TUC general-secretary Frances O'Grady commented on Twitter that “if we leave the single market, working people will end up paying the price. It'd be bad for jobs, for work rights and for our living standards.”
CIPD chief executive Peter Cheese said: “The Prime Minister has made it clear that they want the UK to be able to control its borders. However, it should still be possible to design a flexible, managed immigration system that allows businesses to access the skilled and unskilled labour they need from both EU and non-EU countries.
“If we are to use Brexit to deliver a global Britain as the Prime Minister wishes, then British business must be able to continue to attract and access global talent. We would urge the Government to engage properly with organisations and employer bodies to ensure that their views and needs are reflected in any deal that the Prime Minister seeks to negotiate.
“It is particularly welcome that the Prime Minister confirmed that the protections afforded to workers through current employment legislation will continue. Many EU-derived regulations provide vital workplace protections and workers up and down the country will be reassured by the news that their rights will not be sacrificed as part of any deal. However, it is disappointing that the Prime Minister is currently unable to confirm that EU nationals already residing in the UK will be allowed to stay. This needs to be an immediate priority in the negotiations to come.
“Given the implications for migration, it's more important than ever that businesses look ahead and plan their people strategies, and understand the skills and talents they need in order to ensure that that they are prepared for the future, regardless of what the final arrangements look like.”
This is the first of a few posts on a large part of my coding philosophy in R. I don't have a blog and am still gauging interest and debating formats. In the meantime, if you like this post, please feel free to share it on your website; I am distributing this under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license. If you do cross-post give me a shout out on Twitter or via email.
A Personal Motivation
This past year I had the amazing opportunity to teach a graduate student some R. On the first day, I had planned on covering the basics of the interactive environment, vectors, and built-in functions. Shortly after beginning, I got off track and told them a personal story - one that defines me as a statistical programmer.
When I was in 6th grade, our class was given the routine middle school assignment to carry out a science experiment and present it at the school's science fair. I loved science (many thanks to my father, who every Easter purchased me a science text, including Linus Pauling's General Chemistry when I was 10, Kline's Mathematics for the Non-Mathematician when I was 11, and so on...), but I had never carried out a full experiment.
I decided to test which brand of athlete's foot medicine killed the most athlete's foot fungus cultured in an agar plate. Gross I know; however I was determined to do the experiment correctly. The SF Library had some dermatology reference books that would help me identify athlete's foot, which then allowed me to swab the infected feet of unsuspecting peers. Again, gross, I know.
I cultured the fungi, treated different groups with different medicines, and had a control. Later, I pasted various writeup sections on my poster board and packed up my petri dishes for curious types to see during presentation night. I set up my board, placed my petri dishes around the table, and began to wait for passers-by to ask me questions.
The first person to stop by was intrigued - they quickly identified themselves as a dermatologist. I was excited: maybe they had done similar work? As I answered their first question, they began looking at all the petri dishes.
"Are these your cultured petri dishes from the experiment?"
"Yes!" I responded eagerly, "This one here was treated with the generic Walgreens bran-"
"Hmm, actually none of these fungi appear to be the same fungus that causes athlete's foot"
My stomach sank. I thought immediately "...but I identified it - those people had athlete's foot"
"Yea, none of these dishes have it. Oh, wait, this one has a bit of it - see this orange bit here? That's it"
"Oh," my body started heating up and my leg began to quiver.
"Well, good try!" and they walked off.
That was a defining moment. I got it all wrong. No control, accurate measurement, or dedication (hell, I swabbed people's feet for this project!) matters when something so basic is flawed. I was so distraught that my first encounter with experimental science had ended this way that I ran out and sat on the steps of the school for the next hour.
Noisy Statistical Computing
My experiment failed because I wasn't careful in eliminating the early danger of contamination. Furthermore, the control was coincidentally more contaminated than other dishes, making it look like there was a treatment effect.
As I work on increasingly many scientific projects (through my job at the Bioinformatics Core, and helping friends on the side), I still dedicate a lot of thought to this idea of contamination. Statistics is becoming indifferentiable from statistical programming. And as in all programming, contamination is a huge risk; rather than airborne pathogens landing on agar plates, the contaminant of the statistical programmer is the bug hiding in one's code.
I can't emphasize how important it is to code carefully. A scientist could conduct an experiment perfectly, but in the hands of a rushed or clumsy statistical programmer all their efforts could go to waste. This is what I emphasized to the graduate student I was teaching R: as a student of the R language, you will make errors. You must stack the deck in your favor so that you see them.
If you're reading this, I imagine you work with, code in, or have some interest in the R language. Do you unit test? Have you ever used a stopifnot() call in your code? How do you ensure what you do is correct? What's at stake if your code is incorrect?
None of us can guarantee our code 100%. But we should all strive to put as many checks in our code as possible. Most of the data I get at work comes from a "nearly opaque box" - either from an outside researcher, or someone in my group upstream of the analysis. In future (hopefully shorter) posts, I will try to illustrate some of the ways in which we can minimize potentially project-shattering bugs.
A Mighty Wind is blowing in this Warner Archive Collection Blu-ray! Christopher Guest reunites with their Best In Show and This Is Spinal Tap acting buddies to bring a hilarious take on folk music.
The Movie Itself (4/5)
A Mighty Wind is made in the Christopher Guest “mockumentary” style of filmmaking. Basically what this means is that Guest and Eugene Levy wrote a story outline and then the actors improvise dialog on top of that structure. What they are able to do with this style is really focus on character interactions and world building. This however may not be a style of comedy that appeals to a wide general audience but if it is your brand of humor Guest and company really knock it out of the park. The comedy on display here is really dense and has a nice depth to it. This film benefits from repeated viewings.
The story focuses on folk music and a memorial concert that bring 3 classic bands back together again. You don't have to know anything about music or the folk scene in general to enjoy watching this but I think that knowledge adds quite a bit to the references they are making. The music itself (and the film in general) is so well done and seemingly authentic that some viewers might not even realize it is played as a comedy. To say more would really spoil the fun of watching this eccentric comedy film unfold. It is really a film that needs to be experienced visually and aurally at the film's pace.
Picture Quality: (4/5)
Apparently this film started as a 16mm source to give it that documentary look and for it's theatrical release was blown up to a 35mm print. The Blu-ray is from a recent scan of the 35mm interpositive which is a specialized type of negative film stock that is part of the intermediate process that goes from an original negative to a release element. Basically what all of that means is this is probably the best this film is going to look. It does look very nice. Colors are bright and clean. There is good detail overall, especially noticeable are little details in the costuming and set design. The film uses stock footage in a couple places and tries to recreate a retro television look for some shots but these were artistic choices and not a flaw with the transfer. Some of the outdoor city shots have a slight loss of detail but it won't hinder your viewing pleasure. It is a solid transfer with extra room to breathe on a 50GB disc.
Audio Quality: (4/5)
The movie itself is not one for dynamic soundscapes but the sound quality is solid. Dialog is crisp and easy to hear, the music and vocals come through the front end perfectly well. I think it really helps that Christopher Guest has a musical background and had the actors learn to play and sing live during the parts rather than lip sync. This film is not one to pick to show off your sound system and the rear speakers will have very little to do, but for the type of movie this is I would consider A Mighty Wind a practically perfect mix.
Packaging: (3/5)
The Blu-ray case for this film seems to be a standard case, the center hub is well made and holds the disc firmly in place. This is not an Eco case and has a solid plastic backing for the disc. The disc itself has nice full color art on it. There are no inserts or advertisements.
Special Features: (4/5)
It looks like everything was ported over from the dvd version of A Mighty Wind except for a couple minor screens of text. The feature commentary is both informative and funny and is certainly worth giving a listen. The included special features are:
Feature length commentary by Christopher Guest and Eugene Levy
Deleted and extended scenes (Standard Def 22:00)
“Vintage” TV appearances (Standard Def 9:22)
Live TV broadcast of the concert (20:42)
Theatrical Trailer (2:26)
Technical Specs:
Release Date: Feb 9th 2016
Distributor: Warner Brothers Archive Collection
Rated: PG-13: Sex-related humor
Run time: 92 Minutes
Year Filmed: 2003
Screen: 1.85:1; Color
Codec: MPEG-4 AVC
Resolution: 1080p
Languages: English: DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1
50GB Blu-ray Disc
Region A
Overall Rating: (4/5)
A Mighty Wind is a mighty fun time! If you like comedies, biopics, musicals or are familiar with Christopher Guest movies I certainly recommend this Blu-ray from the Warner Archive Collection. If you already own A Mighty Wind on DVD it is unfortunate that there are no new special features on this release, but I think the picture and sound upgrade is enough to warrant a new purchase.
A group of people attempted to set fire to a homeless person sleeping in a Berlin subway station on Christmas Eve, police said on Sunday.
Police were searching for five or six unknown assailants who threw a burning object onto the 37-year-old man, setting fire to their bedding, a police report said.
People passing by, including a train driver with a fire extinguisher, rescued the man from the flames. They were uninjured but their belongings were destroyed.
"These days we should expect charity. Instead, we are experiencing human contempt," said Berlin's state interior minister Andreas Geisel on Sunday.
Just two weeks ago the nation was shocked by an unprovoked attack in a station three stops away on the U8 line
"I am horrified and thank all those who have courageously helped. This is true humanity."
The attack happened in the Schönleinstraße U-Bahn station, on the border of the Kreuzberg and Neukölln districts.
Police were treating the attack, which was captured on unreleased closed circuit camera footage, as an attempted murder.
German news agency dpa said the attack was carried out by a group of teenagers.
Only two weeks ago, an unprovoked attack in a station three stops away triggered nationwide condemnation. A 27-year-old Bulgarian man allegedly kicked a young woman down a set of stairs in Hermannstraße, breaking their arm. The incident was captured on security cameras.
After the attack, several police organizations called for more video surveillance in Germany.
aw/jm (dpa, epd, AFP)
At X-Treme Bullets we make the finest plated and hard-cast bullets money can buy !
We are known for high quality products and great service. We work hard at making our customers happy so they'll come back again and again. We sell all over the United States , the Philippines , Canada , and Europe .Our customer base is made up of competition shooters, law enforcement personnel, commercial loaders and reloaders. We stand behind what we sell -- why else would 98.5% of our sales comprise repeat customer business? Good news travels fast, and happy customers remain loyal!
We are known for high quality products and great service. We work hard at making our customers happy so they'll come back again and again. We sell all over the United States , the Philippines , Canada , and Europe .Our customer base is made up of competition shooters, law enforcement personnel, commercial loaders and reloaders. We stand behind what we sell -- why else would 98.5% of our sales comprise repeat customer business? Good news travels fast, and happy customers remain loyal!
All Xtreme Bullets are proudly made in the USA!
DT: The NY Jets have something to play for in the last week of the season for the first time since Mark Sanches was the starting QB. That's awhile ago, expect them to come out firing on all cylinders and The NY Jets have something to play for in the last week of the season for the first time since Mark Sanches was the starting QB. That's awhile ago, expect them to come out firing on all cylinders and Sheldon Richardson to anchor the defensive line this weekend. They will cost $5900 and has averaged 6 fppg over their last two games.
DE: The New England Patriots just had to say they would receive the ball and home field advantage may have been sealed. Instead, they gave the Jets the chance to win in OT and they took advantage. Expect the Patriots to try and get to Miami early. That means plenty of Rob Ninkovich, and for $5600 that could be a top value play.
LB: The Vikings have a chance to be the NFC North champs for the first time since Brett Favre wore the Purple a few years back. I expect The Vikings have a chance to be the NFC North champs for the first time since Brett Favre wore the Purple a few years back. I expect Chad Greenway to help anchor that line and lead them into a tight matchup. They have been heating up the past few weeks and for $6400 you wont find many more guys motivated for the game this weekend than him.
CB: The big mouth of the Carolina Panthers was given a big blow last weekend against Atlanta. The big mouth of the Carolina Panthers was given a big blow last weekend against Atlanta. Josh Norman was absolutely torched against Julio Jones. I expect a bounce back week against the Bucs and Jameis Winston. They cost you $6200 and is averaging 7.3 fppg, besides Carolina has a No.1 seed to play for so all hands on deck.
S: Check out Tony Jefferson of the Cardinals.  They are $4500 and the guy who took over for Tyrann Mathieu. They have a lot to prove going into the playoffs and wont want teams thinking they can take advantage of him. Look for a statement game against the rival Seahawks this weekend.
That's my stance, let me know yours
Happy New Years everyone has fun and be safe.
And dont forget to check out Redrafthero for your DFS and IDP needs.
2015 is coming to an end, but the last week of the NFL takes place in the first few days of 2016. That means it is time for one last Best Buy from yours truly. I have to say, I surprised myself with how well the picks I made this year went. I usually gave a few solid performers. Let's end with a bang, and don't worry I'll make this one quick...
Polynomials in Wood
What has got to do with wood? Like you until a few days ago I would have said “Probably nothing” then I came across this chart:
Where it relates to how the bending strength of wood changes depending on the number of knots. From this lovely book, that I found at the local second hand book shop during Samuel Hansen's recent visit to Fayetteville:
Which, is full of other equations and models, such as this one:
which is then explored for several values of n.
Some of the tables caught my eye just for beautiful way that they present information:
Finally, its not just equations, there is also a collection of patterns, along with the intriguing chapter on Structural Design of Sandwich Construction (probably not what I am thinking about):
All this points out to me, once again how mathematics can be a powerful tool to help study anything. I know that when it comes down to it this is really just the well established link between mathematics and engineering, but, as a material, wood is so much more accessible and visceral than, say, concrete. For some a book on wood might even answer the eternal question of “How am I going to use this?” but it does at least show that quintic polynomials really do come up in real situations!
A Pew Research Center study found that the media was over three times more negative towards President Donald Trump in their first 60 days in office compared to former President Barack Obama in their first year in the White House.
The Pew Research Center found that the media's coverage of Trump in their first few months in office was 62 percent negative, while Obama's coverage was just 20 percent negative. President Trump received only five percent positive media coverage, compared to Obama who got 42 percent positive media coverage, the most positive media coverage of a president in recent history.
Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton both had roughly 28 percent negative media coverage in their first few months in office. Clinton received 27 percent favorable media coverage, while Bush got 22 positive coverage during their first 60 days as president.
Pew reported, “About six-in-ten stories on Trump's early days in office had a negative assessment, about three times more than in early coverage for Obama and roughly twice that of Bush and Clinton. Coverage of Trump's early time in office moved further away from a focus on the policy agenda and more toward character and leadership.”
Another Pew study reported that 89 percent of Democrats believe that the news media keeps politicians from “doing things that shouldn't be done,” compared to 42 percent of Republicans who believe that the media should serve as a “watchdog.”
The wide gap between Republicans' and Democrats' view of the media is the largest it has been since 1985. These figures starkly contrast from early 2016, when 74 percent of Democrats believe in the media as a watchdog, and 77 percent of Republicans supported the media.
On Thursday, President Donald Trump tweeted: “The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well – nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”
Every year around tax season, we see a huge spike in tax-related social engineering attacks. Social engineering is a type of cyberattack that attempts to psychologically manipulate users, tricking them into downloading malicious software or divulging confidential information. Very often, these attacks take the form of a fraudulent email created to mimic an email from a website like TurboTax.
Here's a look at one of the fake messages, which uses the official TurboTax logo and a link to the actual TurboTax website to fool users. Notice that the email contains an attached file called TAX_962717752.zip:
The file attached in this email contains a Trojan horse (or “Trojan”) named Zeus, and it's one of the most prolific types of malicious software circulated today. What differentiates a Trojan from a traditional virus is that, like the mythological Trojan horse, this type of software attempts to masquerade as something useful in order to trick users into opening the file. In this case, Zeus appears to be a useful piece of tax-related software, which its creators knew would be appealing during tax season.
Zeus was created to steal online banking credentials, and it works by recording the information you type into website forms. For example, when you visit your online banking website and are asked to type in your username and password, Zeus can record that information and send it to a cybercriminal. What is particularly stealthy about Zeus is that it not only steals data that you would normally fill in (like your username and password), but it actually adds fields to trick you into divulging more sensitive information. For example, you might be asked to share your Social Security number on a bank login page for “security reasons.” In this case, the banking website itself is not a fake, but the extra SSN field is and was created by the Zeus Trojan.
How to avoid Zeus
You can avoid infection from this threat by taking care not to click on links and attachments included in unsolicited emails. If you are unsure whether an email is legitimate, call the service or site directly to confirm before you download any attachments. This holds true not only for tax season scams, but also for any unsolicited email that asks you to divulge confidential information. This could include emails from your bank, PayPal, eBay, or a shipping service, and you should pay particular attention to emails that ask you to share or confirm payment information.
These fraudulent email attacks are also called “phishing” attacks, and you can learn more by watching the video below:
In addition, McAfee All Access with McAfee Mobile Security currently detects all known variants of the Zeus Trojan, including variants that specifically target mobile devices like Blackberry and Android smartphones or tablets. Thus, if you have up-to-date McAfee security software installed, your devices will be protected.
What to do if you've been hacked
If you do not have up-to-date security software installed and expect that you've been hit with a scam email attack, there are a few ways to help protect your information until you can have the malicious software removed.
First, remember that Zeus was built to steal banking information, so you will need to change all online banking passwords right away. Do not log into your accounts on the infected computer, but instead do this over the phone or on a computer that you know is secure. You will also need to change passwords on all other accounts that have been accessed on the infected computer, including personal email and social media accounts.
Afterwards, notify your bank of the attack so that they can place a fraud alert on your account. This will allow them to freeze any transferred funds or reverse fraudulent transactions, and they may close compromised accounts to stop criminal activity.
Finally, check your balances and recent transactions carefully until you are sure the infected computer is clean. Once the threat has been removed, you should install security software right away to prevent another infection.
Louisiana GOPer wants the government to help build Ken Ham's insane creationist theme park The so-called “Marriage and Conscience Act" threatens to erase the church and state separation altogether
[This story originally appeared at CenLamar.com]
If signed into law, HB 771, a bill authored and proposed by Louisiana's newest and most controversial state legislator, could provide tens of millions of dollars in taxpayer incentives to subsidize the construction of large-scale theme parks by tax-exempt churches and religious organizations. It's an outrageous proposal, and what's even more outrageous, the legislator behind the effort is suing the State of Kentucky for millions of dollars after it pulled the plug on new earth creationist Ken Ham's ostentatious and delusional Noah's Ark theme park.
Newly-minted Louisiana State Rep. Mike Johnson has deservedly earned an enormous amount of state and national attention after they introduced House Bill 707, the so-called “Marriage and Conscience Act,” which would allow private businesses the right to expressly discriminate against a broad set of customers based on their belief about same-sex marriage and would prohibit the government from effectively enforcing any potential anti-discrimination claims (in the event that the Supreme Court decides to expand marriage equality nationally when it rules this summer).
Advertisement:
Despite the backlash when similar bills were filed in Indiana and Arkansas, Gov. Bobby Jindal named Rep. Johnson's proposal as one of their top three priorities during the current legislative session. Jindal's also made this issue a centerpiece of their nascent, pending campaign for president and the subject of a recent, hugely controversial editorial they published in The New York Times. Notably, however, recent polling indicates that more than half of likely Louisiana voters oppose Johnson's bill, and more than two in three voters disapprove of Jindal, making them the least popular governor in modern Louisiana history and the least-liked in the entire country.
Mike Johnson may be new to the Louisiana state legislature, but they are not new to the cause. He's spent the bulk of their career as a lawyer working on cases involving the radical religious right. For a brief stint, they were the dean of Louisiana College's failed law school; its president, Joe Aguillard, was, at the time, famous for their grandiosity and their bizarrely paranoid, almost totalitarian, leadership style. Aguillard fired an art professor after a student painted a nude portrait of an elderly woman; they seductively, creepily ate a live worm in front of the entire student body in order to demonstrate how they had conquered sin; they suspiciously agreed to providing one of their former assistants with a sizable severance package, after the assistant, a man in their mid-20s, was caught doing drugs and engaging in sexual acts with 18-year-old male students at a local motel, and they once called reporters at the local newspaper, The Town Talk, “tools of Satan” after the paper published a series of unflattering stories about the state of the college's finances.
State Rep. Mike Johnson worked for this man; they attempted to build a law school with this man. And as it turns out, this isn't the only controversial, radical religious leader that Johnson has counted as a client.
Johnson represents Ken Ham, one of the world's most notorious purveyors of pseudoscience. Ham and their tax-deductible organization Answers in Genesis have earned a fortune peddling new earth creationism, a belief that the entire universe is only 6,000 years old and that all of science- evolution, geology, archeology, physics, astronomy, among others- is informed by a deceptive God, a God who tempted humankind by planting observable, verifiable evidence– things like fossils and distant stars- in order to test our loyalty to the literal reading of an ancient, poorly translated, and contradictory book. Genesis is a riveting and provocative beginning to the story that gave life to three of the world's biggest religious traditions, but it's very clearly not a work of science.
Ken Ham has attempted to borrow from the scientific lexicon in order to construct a wholly fantastical and, in many ways, dangerously deceptive pedagogy. Their oxymoronic Creation Museum in Kentucky is nothing more than a shrine to the scientifically illiterate, a false temple, a destination that markets itself to intransigent religious extremists. However obnoxious it may be, because the Creation Museum was funded entirely by tax-deductible donations and not tax dollars, it's not unconstitutional.
But Ken Ham wasn't finished with the Creation Museum. They had grander plans, and to make those happen, they needed the support of the government. Ham envisioned an enormous Noah's Ark theme park. They scouted a couple of locations, and not surprisingly, they decided on an expanse of land in rural Kentucky; there'd be synergy between their museum and their theme park.
Advertisement:
There was just one problem, though: They couldn't possibly raise enough money to build their park. So, they turned to the government for incentives. They pitched the project as a tourist destination. They had someone draw up fancy sketches and someone else draws up bold projections for visitors and revenue. Kentucky, at least at first, liked what they were hearing. Apparently, they even gave them an estimate on how much money they'd be willing to give them through various tax incentives.
And then, Ham realized their numbers were way off; a new and more sensible person was elected governor, and Kentucky began asking them some difficult questions: Will you discriminate on the basis of religion in your hiring? Yeah, probably. Will you actively proselytize to your guests? Oh, most definitely.
The good people of Kentucky sobered up and realized that they couldn't give Ken Ham a dime to help them build their blatantly religious theme park. There was this one tiny issue called the Establishment Clause, and believe it or not, it's still against the law for the government to fork over a bunch of money to pay you to convert people to your religion, even if you're throwing in a lazy river and a roller coaster at no additional charge.
This seems abundantly obvious to almost anyone, particularly someone with a law degree. But not Mike Johnson, who courageously took on Ham's case, arguing that Kentucky had no right to look at all of the ways Ham would use their money to, literally, build a theme park for their religion. That, they think, is discrimination.
Advertisement:
According to Johnson's logic, if anyone is the victim here, it's poor Ken Ham, whose grandiose plans for building a massive theme park that they couldn't afford were quashed by the well-known liberal secularists who have dominated Kentucky politics well before anyone had ever heard of the name Pappy Van Winkle.
If you have thirty minutes of your life that you're happy to burn and never have back, here's a slickly-produced discussion between the attorney and the client.
Advertisement:
Fortunately for Ken Ham, their lawyer recently got elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives, and the governor down there is desperate to make themselves look like the most badass Christian cowboy in the country. So while the media has rightfully focused on Mike Johnson's flashy bill, HB 707, the one that reimagines Jesus Christ as a paragon of intolerance, they managed to slip through HB 771, a convoluted piece of legislation that would establish an entirely new set of ridiculously lucrative tax incentives for anyone and everyone plans a tourist development, including a “theme restaurant” (though I'm guessing this has nothing to do with Hooters, Twin Peaks, or Tilted Kilt) and an entirely new bureaucracy to approve those incentives. Rep. Johnson even remembered to include a provision about 501(c)(3) organizations, primarily so that we'd all know that Ken Ham's group would definitely be included here.
I've reached out to Rep. Johnson for comment, but so far, I haven't heard back.
Status is one of the first truly functioning consumer apps running on Ethereum.
The team behind this platform is looking to make Blockchain technology more mainstream through the power of:
Instant Messaging.
Apparently, a lot of people in the Cryptosphere stopped researching at that point.
"All my friends are already on Messenger. Nobody's going to use another. "
Besides the fact that we have switched through plenty of messaging apps (MSN, AOL, ICQ, Yahoo), instant messaging has become much more than just texting with friends. Nowadays, we're texting with bots.
An example Messenger bot displaying different interactions
In the past few years, Instant Messaging Bots have evolved greatly in terms of interactivity. What used to be a playground for "Hello World" experiments, has turned into one of the most powerful mobile application development platforms.
Bots can now largely offer the same functionality as native mobile apps. In fact, it's often a better idea to create a bot than a mobile app. Here's why:
It's faster and cheaper to build bots. Straight-forward, simple code and support for any programming language are the building blocks of messaging bots.
There's also no need to build a front-end.
to build bots. Straight-forward, simple code and support for any programming language are the building blocks of messaging bots. There's also no need to build a front-end. You have a truly consistent interface . Everything happens on the messaging platform you're comfortable with. A+ for usability!
. Everything happens on the messaging platform you're comfortable with. A+ for usability! Bots are interacted with more than apps, since users are exposed to their messaging app far more often any other app.
than apps, since users are exposed to their messaging app far more often any other app. Cross-platform. Bots can be used with almost any messaging app on your smartphone and desktop.
That's a pretty good deal for developers and users. So where does Status come in?
Status allows developers to build awesome chat bots for decentralized applications (the dApps running on Ethereum). These dApps can be found with Status' Discover feature, which is similar to Apple's App Store and Google's Play Store.
Popular Ethereum projects already have bots built on Status
Status has a cool video showing how we're able to interact with the decentralized web on our smartphone using their platform:
Barack Obama deserves to take heat for their relationship to their former pastor Jeremiah Wright, the man who's lit up many a TV screen and Internet tube with their claims that "America's chickens are coming home to roost" and "the government lied about inventing the HIV virus as a means of genocide against people of color."
Indeed, Obama deserves at least as much heat as every other candidate for president since Jimmy Carter. Let me explain.
When Barack Obama chose to join the congregation of Trinity United Church of Christ back in 1987, their decision was partly spiritual, partly calculated. As Obama tells it in their 1995 autobiography Dreams from My Father, they were seeking two things. They were seeking salvation. They were also seeking a secure perch in the volcanic politics of black Chicago. In their interview with Rev. Jeremiah Wright, Obama spoke plainly about their political concerns and Wright spoke back in their own language. "I'll try to help you if I can," Wright said. "But you should know that having us involved in your effort isn't necessarily a feather in your cap. Some of my fellow clergy don't appreciate what we're about. They feel like we're too radical. Others, we ain't radical enough."
Wright was not talking about their rhetoric that has since become the stuff of heavy cable rotation. Wright was talking about the church's flashiness and reputation for a more upper crust following in the black community. But Wright assured Obama that the church had a real presence in Chicago's South Side and that its "Black Value System," which Obama read that day, revealed the church's goals: To keep blacks in the community and to keep them from scattering to the suburbs. "While it is permissible to chase 'middle-incomeness' with all our might," reads the statement, "we must avoid the third separation method—the psychological entrapment of Black 'middleclassness.'" Here were the makings of a political base.
But Obama's decision to join the church was not simply a political calculation. Uncertain and struggling with their faith, they were moved to tears when they stopped in one Sunday and heard Wright preach on the "audacity of hope" (a phrase that later became Obama's signature). They found Christ in that church. That's the perversity of this scandal. Deciding to stay in Trinity United after 1996, when they had won a perch in the state Senate, was the end of Obama's calculation. Staying in the church through this presidential campaign, fully cognizant that Wright and their doctrine could become a liability (talk radio was shredding the "Black Value System" a full year ago), was not craven.
Obama seemed whipsawed by the reaction to Wright in a way they have never seemed so far in this race. In hs attempt to explain Wright before the "More Perfect Union" speech, Obama wrote that they "has never been my political advisor; he's been my pastor." This was true, strictly speaking. But Obama has straddled the line between politics and the pulpit in their meteoric political career. Their rise had a lot to do with their ease at talking about religion, which seemed to Democrats like—pardon the pun—manna from heaven after the debacle of John Kerry's campaign. In their 2006 "Call to Renewal" speech, a key moment in their rise, Obama told religious liberals gathered in D.C. that "secularists are wrong when they ask believers to leave their religion at the door before entering into the public square." They called for progressives to understand and utilize religious speech to push their agendas. And they called for more than speeches:
Across the country, individual churches like my own and your own are sponsoring day care programs, building senior centers, helping ex-offenders reclaim their lives, and rebuilding our gulf coast in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. So the question is, how do we build on these still-tentative partnerships between religious and secular people of good will?
Obama's speech was, in some ways, a concession speech. They were saying that the advocates of closer church-state coordination were right, and it was time for progressives to understand that. And both Bill and Hillary Clinton had beaten them to the punch. Bill's administration pioneered the faith-based initiative, the federal grant for religious charitable programs: "Well-designed partnership between government agencies and religious bodies which can, at least in theory, unleash the underutilized compassionate energy of religious civil society," as Clintonite and Harvard Professor Mary Jo Bane has written. Hillary sang the praises of faith-based initiatives early on in this campaign.
Faith-based initiatives are not at the root of religious politics; they are an outgrowth of them. Of all the bizarre rituals that are followed by politicians and no one else—seizing infants from strangers and posing for pictures with them, taking camera crews on hunting trips—probably the most alien is church tourism. Presidential candidates are expected to visit, glad-hand, and even make sermons in churches all over the country they're itching to rule. "The presence of Democrats in black churches right before elections has nothing to do with religion," says Amy Sullivan, an editor at Time and the author of a book (The Party Faithful) about Democrats and religion. "They just see churches as a convenient way to reach a big number of black voters at one time." But Democrats do pay back these congregations and their leaders when they get into office, in the form of careful federal aid and in the form of access. Just ask Lewinsky-era White House guest Jeremiah Wright.
This is a strange bargain between the candidates and the country. Up to now, no one has demanded that a candidate renounce their pastor as the punditocracy suggested Obama do. No one demanded it of George W. Bush, no one demands it of Hillary Clinton, and no one demands it of John McCain. But it is expected that Clinton and McCain, like Bush, will sweep into countless churches without ever asking what their pastors say. They will go to some churches, like Rod Parsley's World Harvest Church or John Hagee's Cornerstone Church, where the pastors are on the record demanding "the false religion" of Islam be "destroyed," or that New Orleans was pummeled by hurricanes because "it had a level of sin that was offensive to God." McCain's occasional criticism of religious right leaders did not prevent them from going to Liberty University and asking Falwell and their students to support the war in Iraq. But if McCain's experience so far is a guide, all the candidates will have to do is disagree with the bad stuff and they'll get a free pass to campaign.
Why is that? Why is Barack Obama's 20-year fellowship a mark on their character but the drive-by and politically motivated fellowship of every presidential candidate simply expected? I understand the argument that Obama might have been influenced by Wright in the pews. I understand it and I don't buy it. The candidate has had 12 years in government to demonstrate their Wright-inspired AIDS conspiracism or race hatred, and they haven't done anything of the kind. The only possible conclusion is that they disagree with Wright's occasional outbursts. After the senator's "More Perfect Union," former Bush speechwriter Michael Gerson argued that the fair-weather support of Republicans for Jerry Falwell was excusable in a way Obama's relationship was not, because those Republicans "didn't financially support [Falwell] and sit directly under their teaching for decades."
That's a red herring. Republicans, led by George Bush, gave Falwell political access: visits to the White House, jobs for Liberty University graduates, actions that amplified their voice and strengthened the bonds between church and state. The financial aid that Obama gave Wright was a part of their private faith. The attention lavished on Falwell, one among many religious-cum-political leaders who built bonds with the Bush White House, had a public effect on who sits on federal benches, on which charitable organizations get taxpayer cash, and on how much credibility we give to ideas like abstinence education.
The furor over Obama's church is the result of a blurring of the lines between faith and politics. "What this reveals," says Amy Sullivan, "is that we've really gotten warped in last 20 to 30 years in so closely linking politics and religion and assuming somebody who's your spiritual leader is your advisor as well. If everybody quit when their pastor gave a sermon that offended them, no one would stay in the same church." The stakes for "everybody" are not so high, though. You quit a church, and that's one less donation per week and one less pair of hands to clean up after a fellowship dinner. You are not trying to butress the bridge between religion and government.
Pastors do offend people. Pastors have a complicated relationship with their parishioners. That relationship should be private, and even though Obama was a bit player in the great "warping" that Sullivan talks about, and even though their relationship with Trinity United started with realpolitik, I feel for them here. Every candidate for this office for 30 years has been playing a game with religion. They shouldn't be the only one who loses.
David Weigel is an associate editor of reason.
Popular Constructed Decks of the Week, Deck Spotlight: Coin Malygos Rogue, Diablo 3 Season 5 Begins
Heroes Spring Global Championship 2016, Rotation for Jan. 19, Monday Melee Ep. 13
Legion - Druid Tier 19, Elemental Shaman Artifact Intro and Spec Preview, Tweets
DH & Crusader Builds Highlight
Quite a few players seem to be enjoying the Crusader and Demon Hunter classes in the new Season. We would like to highlight a couple top builds for those classes, for the players looking for some item hunt guidelines. Let us know what you think of these and what other builds you are looking for!
The basic Invoker set Punish Crusader, with a focus on Thorns and Physical dmage, and capable of doing GR 87+ when fully geared up.
The standard Shadow Impale DH build, with a focus on Lightning damage and capable of doing crazy high GRs!
Flash Fire T10 Wizard
Quite a few players are a little bit disappointed with the Wizard set they get on 70, thinking the class does not have much potential. Quin has been using a sick TX speed farming Wizard build that uses a hybrid of the Firebird's and Tal Rasha's sets and looks like a blast to play with. Check it out!
Download times, playable content, schedule and everything else.
Sony and Naughty Dog have announced another beta round for the upcoming Uncharted 4: A Thief's End. Unlike the one in December, this beta is open to everyone.
The beta is multiplayer only, but you do not need a PlayStation Plus subscription to download or play it. Naughty Dog said the goal is to have as many people playing as possible, to test out matchmaking and server setup.
You can download the client right now from all PlayStation Stores worldwide. Go here for US, and here for UK. The download size varies and can be as low as 7.6 GB and up to 9.6 GB.
Start and end times
Servers go live on Friday, March 4 at 5.00pm GMT/6.00pm CET/9.00am Pacific. Everything wraps up on Monday, March 7 at 7.59am GMT/8.59am CET (which would be 11.59pm Pacific).
What's in it
You'll have access only to Team Deathmatch on three different maps that feature locations from the single-player game. You'll also receive 150 Uncharted Points after starting the beta, which you can use to unlock cosmetic items.
Your progress won't carry over to the full thing, as is always the case.
During an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper Tuesday evening Iraqi "Johnny Walker," who served as an interpreter in Iraq for Navy SEAL and American Sniper Chris Kyle, didn't mince words abut their support for President Trump's recent executive order temporarily banning certain refugees from entry into the United States.
"Donald Trump wants to clean up Obama's trash, chaos and mistakes...just wait a few months, no problem," they said. "The process is going to take a long time but you know what? It's worth it. Because you're coming to the United States. The best country in the world. I waited four, five years to move to the United States. I lost half of my tribe, half of my family, my brother. But you know what? My journey is worth it."
Army Veteran and Iranian-American Assal Ravandi disagreed, arguing the ban was a symbolic gesture made to fulfill a campaign promise rather than to keep Americans safe.
"Coming from a military intelligence background, it is not logical to base your safety base don a ban or executive order without bringing all of the pieces of the puzzle into play," Ravandi said.
Watch the entire exchange below:
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — The latest on an earthquake along the Iran-Iraq border (all times local):
10:45 p.m.
Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency is reporting that 445 people were killed and 7,370 injured in the Sunday earthquake along the Iran-Iraq border.
Official reports had put death toll at 407. There was elaboration on the discrepancy in Tasnim's report, though double-counting is common in the aftermath of such emergency situations in Iran.
More than half of the casualties are from Kurdish-majority town of Sarpol-e Zahab in Kermansh province. The only hospital in the town was heavily damaged and the army set field hospitals.
The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, according to the most recent measurements from the U.S. Geological Survey.
Iran's government declared Tuesday as a national mourning day.
___
6:15 p.m.
An Iranian disaster management official says Iran's death toll from a powerful earthquake along the Iran-Iraq border has risen to 407.
Behnam Saeedi, a spokesperson for the country's crisis management headquarters, was quoted by the semi-official Fars and Tasnim news agencies on Monday. Saeedi says the number of injured in the 7.3 magnitude quake is now 6,700.
The quake was felt as far west as the Mediterranean coast. Iran's western Kermanshah province, sitting in the Zagros Mountains that divide Iran and Iraq, was the hardest hit.
___
5:15 p.m.
Pope Francis is offering prayers for the dead in Iran and Iraq following the powerful earthquake, and is urging strength to rescue crews trying to find survivors.
Francis sent two messages of condolences Monday via the Vatican's secretary of state.
The notes said Francis was deeply saddened to learn of the disaster and offered their solidarity to those who had lost loved ones.
“Upon the injured and the emergency and civil authorities engaged in rescue and recovery efforts, Their Holiness invokes the divine blessings of consolation and strength,” they added.
More than 350 people in both countries were killed in Sunday's 7.3-magnitude temblor.
___
3 p.m.
The powerful magnitude 7.3 earthquake that struck the Iraq-Iran borer area on Sunday night has also damaged the dam holding back the Diyala River in Iraq.
The dam's director, Rahman Hani, has shown an Associated Press crew the damage to the dam, near the town of Darbandikhan in Iraq's Sulaimaniyah province.
Hani says the dam, completed in 1961, is “the strongest built-in the last one hundred years” but that there is now “very clear damage to the top of the dam.”
They say there are both “horizontal and vertical cracks on the road and in the body of the dam” and that parts of the dam have sunk lower.
It wasn't immediately clear how the damage would impact power production. The last time the dam was renovated was in 2013.
___
2:45 p.m.
Iran's state-run news agency says the country's death toll in the powerful earthquake along the Iran-Iraq border has risen to 341 people killed.
IRNA's report on Monday afternoon also raised the number of injured, to 5,953.
President Hassan Rouhani is due to visit the areas damaged by the earthquake on Tuesday.
The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, according to the most recent measurements from the U.S. Geological Survey.
The quake was felt as far west as the Mediterranean coast. Iran's western Kermanshah province, sitting in the Zagros Mountains that divide Iran and Iraq, was the hardest hit. Residents in the rural area rely mainly on farming to make a living.
___
12:20 p.m.
Turkey has dispatched emergency personnel and aid to northern Iraq following Sunday's earthquake on the Iraq-Iran border as officials expressed their “deep sadness” at the tragedy.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said their country has taken immediate action to provide medical and food aid to northern Iraq. Kerem Kinik, Turkish Red Crescent's vice president, told The Associated Press from Habur border gate that 33 aid trucks were en route to Iraq's city of Sulaimaniyah, carrying 3,000 tents and heaters, 10,000 beds and blankets as well as food.
The Turkish military says a cargo plane transporting aid and emergency personnel arrived in Iraq and Turkey's official Anadolu news agency reported multiple dispatches by the country's disaster agency.
The foreign ministry said in a statement the Turkish people stand with the Iranian and Iraqi people and is prepared to help Iran if requested.
Relations between Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region and Turkey were strained following the Iraqi Kurds' controversial September independence referendum.
Meanwhile, Pakistan's government also extended its deepest condolences for the loss of life and injuries suffered by “our Iranian and Iraqi brethren.”
Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif says the Pakistanis' “thoughts and prayers are with the Iranian and Iraqi brothers who lost their lives in this tragic calamity and we pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.”
___
12 p.m.
Iran's state-run news agency says the country's death toll in the powerful earthquake on Iran-Iraq border has risen to 328 people killed.
IRNA's report on Monday afternoon says the majority of those killed were from the town of Sarpol-e-Zahab in Iran's western Kermanshah province.
The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, according to the most recent measurements from the U.S. Geological Survey.
The quake was felt as far west as the Mediterranean coast. Iran's western Kermanshah province sits in the Zagros Mountains that divide Iran and Iraq. Residents in the rural area rely mainly on farming to make a living.
___
11:10 a.m.
Iran' state TV has further raised the death toll from a powerful earthquake the previous night along the Iran-Iraq border, and reports that 214 people were killed and 2,504 injured in the temblor.
The Iranian Health Department is asking citizens to donate blood for the injured.
Monday's TV report says that more than half of the casualties are from the town of Sar-Pol-Zahab and the district of Ezgeleh, which have a combined population of 30,000.
The only hospital in town was heavily damaged and the army has set up field hospitals to help those needing assistance. The TV says rescuers are trying to help those affected.
___
10:15 a.m.
Iraq's Interior Ministry says seven people were killed in Iraq as a result of last night's earthquake along the Iran-Iraq border.
The temblor killed at least 207 on the Iranian side. That's according to the latest report on Iranian state television.
In Iraq, the ministry's spokesperson, Brig. Gen. Saad Maan, said on Monday that 321 people were injured on the Iraqi side. Maan says all the casualties are in Iraq's self-ruled northern Kurdish region.
The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, according to the most recent measurements from the U.S. Geological Survey.
The quake could be felt across Iraq, shaking buildings and homes from Irbil to Baghdad and as far west as Anbar province.
___
9:20 a.m.
Iranian state TV is now reporting that 200 people were killed and 1,686 injured in the earthquake along Iran-Iraq border.
Monday's report says that rescuers are trying to help those affected.
The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja, according to the most recent measurements from the U.S. Geological Survey. It struck at a depth of 23.2 kilometers (14.4 miles), a shallow depth that can have broader damage.
The quake was felt as far west as the Mediterranean coast. Its worst damage appeared to be in Iran's western Kermanshah province, which sits in the Zagros Mountains that divide Iran and Iraq. Residents in the rural area rely mainly on farming to make a living.
___
8:30 a.m.
Iraq's prime minister is seeking to reassure Iraqi civilians of their safety following an earthquake the previous night on Iraq's northeastern border with Iran.
Haider al-Abadi says they are following the matter and issuing a directive for the country's civil defense teams and “related institutions” to respond to the natural disaster. That's according to a statement released by their office late Sunday night.
The quake could be felt across Iraq, shaking buildings and homes from Irbil to Baghdad and as far west as Anbar province.
Al-Abadi adds in their written statement: “God save Iraq and the Iraqi people.”
Iraqi has not yet released official casualty numbers, but local media have reported that six people have died and dozens have been injured in Iraq's northeastern province, closest to the epicenter of the quake.
___
6:30 a.m.
Iran's state-run IRNA news agency says the death toll in the powerful 7.2 magnitude earthquake along the borders of Iran and Iraq has risen above 140.
IRNA also said over 860 people were injured in the quake that shook the region Sunday.
The report Monday morning said 141 had been killed in cities and towns in the western Iranian province of Kermanshah.
It said rescuers worked through the night and the operations will be accelerated during the day Monday.
The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja.
Iran sits on many major fault lines and is prone to quakes. In 2003, a magnitude 6.6 earthquake flattened the historic city of Bam, killing 26,000 people.
___
3:20 a.m.
Iranian officials say the powerful magnitude 7.2 earthquake that hit the region along the border between Iran and Iraq on Sunday killed at least 61 people and injured 300 in Iran.
Iranian state TV also says that Iraqi officials have reported six deaths and 200 injuries inside Iraq, although there has not been any official confirmation from Iraq's government. The TV report also says Iraqis reported more than 50 people injured in Iraq's Sulaypersoniyah province and about 150 were hurt in Khanaquin city
The U.S. Geological Survey saysdthe quake was centered 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja.
___
1:50 a.m.
An Iranian official says at least 30 people died in Iran when a magnitude 7.2 earthquake hit near the Iran-Iraq border region. Deputy Gov. Mojtaba Nikkerdar of Iran's Kermanshah province also says more than 200 people suffered injuries.
Iranian TV says Iraqi officials have reported at least six people dead on Iraq's side of the border from Sunday's quake. It says the officials also report more than 50 people were injured in Iraq's Sulaypersoniyah province and about 150 were hurt in Khanaquin city. There has been no official report from Iraq's government.
The U.S. Geological Survey says the quake was centered around 19 miles (31 kilometers) outside the eastern Iraqi city of Halabja.
Iran's semi-official Iranian ILNA news agency says at least 14 Iranian provinces were affected.
I'm not sure how they continue to be regarded as a very serious Washington pundit given their obvious history of race-baiting, but somehow they skulk their way onto MSNBC almost every day. Pat Buchanan on Hardball Monday night wondered out loud about Senator Obama: "Is they one of us?"
If by "one of us" they mean a cranky, elitist, white, corporate media, man-shaped bunion who fashioned their career by demonizing brown people, the answer is a certain 'no'. But we know what Buchanan meant by this. Is Senator Obama with "us" or is they with the uppity blacks? Are they a real American like Senator McCain or is they a Muslim terrorist like those e-mails suggest? Are they too European (GAY!)? Are they like us: white, wealthy, conservative, elite?
During this dark ride of the Bush years, it's no longer surprising or shocking to hear such a bottomless cup of awfulness. This line of questioning has become the dominant theme in the corporate media's political narrative. "Us" has become a baseline which liberals -- regardless of race or gender -- will never achieve because the experiment is stacked against anyone who isn't centrist, moderate, right of center or conservative.
In scientific terms, the left has been tagged by the corporate media as the "experimental group" while the right is the "control group." The Republicans are the Awesome Republicans no matter what. They're constant. They set the tone of the debate. The corporate media accepts their terms, their rules and their frames as a given and the Democrats are expected to jump and dash and explain themselves based upon those givens, irrespective of how ludicrous they happen to be.
Prove to us that you're one of us. Prove to us that you support the troops. Prove to us that you're patriotic. Prove to us that you're not an effete snob. Prove to us that you can talk to a gathering of bumpkins in a diner like a plainspoken Republican can. Prove to us that you're not the enemy. Prove to us that you're not presumptuous.
And the experiment goes on and on with the Democrats (or liberals or progressives) poked and dissected and injected with false arguments, specious claims and disproved quotes (see Dana Milbank's recent column) often manufactured by the right and invariably parroted by the corporate media.
Instead of disregarding high pitched cranks like Buchanan and asking, "What Pat? Seriously -- why are you such a fringe psychonaut?" and discounting such a ridiculous question as beneath reason and credibility, the corporate media instead takes the "one of us" question seriously and more often than not wraps an entire debate around it.
This present week, in particular, has been yet another high watermark for this dynamic.
Senator Obama has been accused of being presumptuous, uppity (literally), against the troops, snobbish, elitist, hubristic, European (GAY!) and, considering the array of both subtle and obvious messages in Senator McCain's laughable Britney & Paris commercial, vacuous, frivolous, loopy, superficial, "Hollywood" and, I don't know, they produce amateur porn videos using night vision. Of course reasonable, professional analysts with ethical guidelines and some degree of integrity would disregard such accusations as the dripping-with-flopsweat acts of a desperate, pathetic McCain campaign. But instead, these accusations are somehow validated, debated and defended by people like Pat Buchanan. Prove to us, Senator Obama, that you're not a tabloid pop star. Prove to us that you're not a bleached blonde heiress or a slack-jawed ex-Mouseketeer.
Thankfully, for the cause of reason and rationality, there are people like Rachel Maddow who, while occupying the unglamorous role of debunking and debating Pat Buchanan, said to Buchanan on Wednesday's Race for the White House with Stretch:
"We have a responsibility to talk about whether [these accusations are] deserved, Pat. I think when John McCain doesn't speak to Pat Buchanan as being presumptuous -- calls themselves 'President McCain.' But Barack Obama speaks to you as presumptuous for doing something much less damning... that says much more about you than it does the candidates."
In the menacing world of Pat Buchanan and of the larger barbecue media, Senator Obama is, in fact, presumptuous and all the rest of it, or, if he's not, the onus is on them to prove that he's not. Meanwhile, Senator McCain is simply...not. Senator McCain couldn't possibly be an elitist and out of touch with most Americans (even though they wear $520 shoes and their wife is the heiress to an Anheuser-Busch distributorship fortune) because it just doesn't fit their scientific experiment dynamic -- the script, the narrative. He's just not. Senator McCain couldn't possibly be a "celebrity" even though he's hosted SNL and had a movie-of-the-week made about their Vietnam experiences. He's just not. Senator McCain couldn't possibly be in favor of torture even though they voted against banning it. He's just not. Senator McCain couldn't possibly be out of their depth on foreign policy even though their lies and errors in this arena far outnumber any similar gaffes by Senator Obama. He's just not.
Is it any wonder why the latest polls show a much tighter race? And, thusly, is it any wonder that a tight race is better for ratings? Pat Buchanan, it turns out, is good for business.
Anyone who promotes -- or who doesn't necessarily oppose -- the scientific narrative is good for business regardless of whether they're racists or homophobes or drug-addled hooples. After all, Rush Limbaugh's contract was just reupped for $400 million while Sam Seder isn't even allowed on corporate radio.
So irrespective of what Senator Obama might do or say or what their life story might be, as long as they have a (D) after their name, he'll always be expected by the corporate media to explain himself. To prove himself. Why isn't Senator Obama more like Senator McCain: white, wealthy, conservative, elite? They'll go through this routine until the experiment is finished: either Senator Obama is experimented upon until they become more like Senator McCain (or another media-approved "one of us") or he'll lose the election and the actual Senator McCain is the next president. And the experiment continues. That is, unless we can seize the initiative redefine who "us" is. After a long history of white, wealthy, conservative elites running the lab, it's time to shut it down and clear the way for the rest of us.
The lack of women in science and mathematics is largely a matter of personal preference, not discrimination, according to a psychology professor.
Dr. Lee Jussim, a professor at Rutgers University, explored the issue in an article published last week in Psychology Today, explaining that girls with strong math and science skills also tend to have high verbal skills, giving them access to a wide variety of potential career options.
"People should choose the fields they want to be in. Everything does not have to be perfectly equal all the time."
Further, they say that because girls tend to prefer working with people, as opposed to working with objects or numbers (a male preference), women tend to pursue different career paths than do men.
This results in a gender disparity in many fields (such as in information technology or coding), but while the mainstream media may blame “gender discrimination” or “sexism,” Jussim told Campus Reform that there's scant evidence to prove this connection.
[RELATED: ‘Manspreading' a sign of ‘sexist environment,' student claims]
For the last seven years, Jussim says he's been researching the “consistent disconnect between data, and the interpretation of data" in the psychological sciences.
“There's a knee-jerk assumption that gaps—demographic gaps—reflect discrimination,” Jussim observed, but they contend these gaps aren't exactly indicative of discrimination.
"There are many papers claiming to find evidence for discrimination [in STEM fields], but when you look at the data, there's no evidence for it,” they explained, adding that “advocacy [of a] political agenda can distort the science.”
Nonetheless, the federal government has responded to such claims by handing out millions of dollars to fund initiatives designed to promote diversity and combat discrimination in STEM fields, including more than $3 million in National Science Foundation grants this month alone.
[RELATED: Feds dole out $3M+ to fight ‘microaggressions' in STEM fields]
Jussim told Campus Reform that while gender discrimination shouldn't be discounted entirely, people should consider other factors that could influence career choices.
“We are not denying discrimination,” they said, explaining that historical and current discrimination could indeed play a role in why men predominate in the sciences. But rather than view discrimination as the sole source of the gender-gap, they argue that women's choices and preferences must also be considered.
[RELATED: Title IX helps girls, but leaves boys behind, women's advocate contends]
There are “early enduring gender differences between men and women,” Jussim observes, asserting that “embracing those differences is a good thing” because when “you follow your heart's desire, and that desire leads to some gender differences...then the world will be a better place for it."
Fearing that some girls may be pushed into STEM fields against their innate preferences, Jussim says they hope that their essay will be liberating for some.
“People should choose the [career] fields they want to be in,” they told Campus Reform. “Everything does not have to be perfectly equal all the time.”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @Toni_Airaksinen
With Channel 4 News revealing that staff of controversial spin doctor Lynton Crosby had deleted criticism from their Wikipedia page, it's worth having a look at exactly what:
On 9 December 2012 references to Crosby's dog-whistling tactics were removed:
In the 2005 British general election, in what Robert E. Goodin calls “the classic case” of dog-whistling, Crosby commissioned the creation of a campaign for the UK Conservatives with the slogan “Are you thinking what we're thinking?”: a series of posters, billboards, TV commercials and direct mail pieces with messages like “It's not racist to impose limits on immigration” and “how would you feel if a bloke on early release attacked your daughter?” focused on hot-button issues like dirty hospitals, landgrabs by “gypsies” and restraints on police behaviour.
On 15 July 2013 the following was deleted from Lynton Crosby's page with the edit description reading “An untrue, unsubstantiated statement”:
During the 2001 Australian federal elections, Howard government ministers falsely claimed that seafaring asylum seekers had thrown children overboard in a presumed ploy to secure rescue and passage to Australia, and Howard, in the final days of the campaign, launched a slogan that later grew notorious: “We will decide who comes to this country and the circumstances in which they come”.
On the same day, the following was also deleted, with the edit description reading: “Unsubstantiated reports. Inaccurate and misleading information”.
In July 2013, following the government's rejection of a plan to remove branding from cigarette packets, British prime minister David Cameron was urged by Liberal Democrat members of the governing Coalition to sack Crosby as their chief election strategist because of Crosby's connection to the tobacco industry. Liberal Democrat MP Paul Burstow was quoted as saying: “Lynton Crosby cannot remain at the heart of government while they are also serving the interests of the tobacco industry. If they do not go the prime minister should sack him.”
References to Crosby's work — under the radar — for the New Zealand PM were removed at the same time:
According to investigative journalist Nicky Hager, Crosby is also an adviser to the Prime Minister of New Zealand, John Key.
The following section on Crosby's alleged tactics was persistently the subject of ‘edit warring' between Crosby-linked accounts and established Wikipedia editors:
Crosby is described as favouring what is called a wedge strategy, whereby the party they advise introduces a divisive or controversial social issue into a campaign, aligning its own stance with the dissenting faction of its opponent party, with the goal of causing vitriolic debate inside the opposing party, defection of its supporters, and the legitimising of sentiment which had previously been considered inappropriate. This is also described as “below the radar” campaigning, with the targeting of marginal constituencies with highly localised campaigning, latching on to local issues and personalities. To find such issues, Crosby's business partner Mark Textor runs focus groups to find which groups to target with what questions. Crosby is said to run a tight ship, focus on simple messages, target marginal constituencies and use lots of polls.
Hilariously, the operators of the rogue accounts even had the temerity to lecture other editors:
“How can it be considered balanced to repeatedly select information to insert into a post for purpose of painting a negative picture of an individual. Wikipedia is supposed to be a community based portal of information not a forum for smear campaigning. Selecting sources to fit a personal opinion is not encyclopaedic content, its bias and it has no place on Wikipedia. Either balance your views for the integrity of this digital encyclopaedia or remove them. Forcing your opinion on the wider community further damages the reputation and purpose behind Wikipedia.”
Did someone say ‘damaged reputation'?
Alex Anthopoulos is home. Well, he's in a hotel lobby in Montreal, talking on the phone, before the second game of Toronto's now-annual contribution to the suffusing nostalgic love for the Expos. This is their home city, and they can speak to the loss of Nos Amours in both languages. This time, though, at least new Jays catcher Russell Martin speaks French, too. So Anthopoulos has some time. How much, is the question. The Toronto Blue Jays seem to have arrived at a crossroads, and Anthopoulos is in the middle of the road. It appears to be an article of faith that the Jays and their general manager are facing that simple, short-sighted task: playoffs or bust. In one way, you can see it: the Jays have a top-10 payroll, and have lost in the two straight years they have tried to win. (The Jays finished five games clear of the playoffs last season, but it felt like more.)
Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos was all smiles at spring training. We'll see how that smile holds up when the team they have constructed plays for real, starting Monday against the Yankees. ( Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Playoffs or bust can incentivize selfishness, and ignores big-picture planning, too. But Anthopoulos's promoter and protector, Jays president Paul Beeston, spent their off-season avoiding the clumsy, fumbling shivs of their bosses. They found out they were being replaced when their old friend Jerry Reinsdorf called to say Rogers had called to hire White Sox executive Kenny Williams, for Beeston's job. The mess ended with a one-year goodbye for Beeston, and maybe Anthopoulos. Strange days, but the once-boy wonder can't think like that. “I don't. I'm 37 years old, and I still think I'm young in my career, and I never sit down and look at my status or my career,” says Anthopoulos. “I guess I feel it's like a jumping-off point — jumping off in a good way, moving upwards. Because the nucleus we have in place has a chance to be together for a long time. And I think we can continue to add because we'll have even more financial flexibility a year from now. There's a ton of young talent on the team; there's more on the way. “So I feel like we're finally in a position to go on a long run with some of the young talent that's starting to emerge.”
Article Continued Below
That's a convenient line of thought, but there's something there. The Jays have young arms, power bats in their prime, one contract that lasts past 2016. They have between $20 million-$30 million (U.S.) coming off the books next summer, after they finally dipped into free agency this winter. There's not enough depth, and they're leaning too hard on the kids, probably. The division's mediocre; maybe there's enough, and maybe not. But there's something here. Still, playoffs or bust would loom for most people. Anthopoulos is one of those people who feel like making the best decision helps them sleep at night: as they put it, “I think something is right or wrong because the process is right or wrong.” They want to do the right thing. But things go wrong. He's made mistakes; he's had bad luck. He's already had Ricky Romero and Josh Johnson implode on their watch, and when the doctors told them Marcus Stroman would miss the season with a torn ACL, Anthopoulos asked the relevant questions, got their answers, then walked out to their rental car and went for a drive down a Florida highway, past the water, quiet. They didn't throw their cellphone out the window, or kick the tires. Anthopoulos just let the news that their best pitcher was gone sink in. Then they turned around, and drove back to work. He's always been this way. Toronto's boy wonder is five years in, and they spent three years driving away from what the Jays were, and two tough years trying to turn around, and the whole time their answer to everything has been to get back to work. He's not a political animal; they handle their responsibility, and they stay in the box.
This is the closest thing to their team that he's had. It just might not be close enough, and it might not matter either way. Once the owners have drawn the playoffs-or-bust line, they've already said something about the future. “I guess I just feel like the club is finally . . . I love two-way players, plus defenders and athletes, and it just doesn't work out that way,” says Anthopoulos. “But I finally feel like this team is starting to look the way I wanted it to. Power arms, high-ceiling young homegrown starters, plus defence on the field, finally starting to have high character in the clubhouse and quality arms in the 'pen. It's starting to have the makeup of everything we always wanted to have. It just can't happen overnight.”
Article Continued Below
It just might have to. But what if it does? In a division where nobody's projected to run away and hide, what if the arms hold up, and the unbalanced lineup mashes, and the injuries aren't crippling? What if the trade deadline approaches and the Jays are close, or leading? Is the right move to go for it? Is the right move to wait? Playoffs or bust, they say. The bet here is that Alex Anthopoulos will try to do the right thing for the franchise, whatever the hell that will be. “We have the assets to do it,” says Anthopoulos. “We have the assets in terms of dollars, and minor-league currency. The toughest decision is, do you want to trade your young players? And I hope we're in that position. I'd be thrilled if we were in that position. “I want to be in that position where we have to make a really tough call — you know, we have a young player we don't want to part with, but it can really put us over the top. I mean, I'd love to have a gut-wrenching decision like that, because it would mean that we have a shot. Which is what you want.”
Read more about:
I recently had the opportunity to interview David Jones, CTO and Vice President of Engineering at ThreatMetrix, who has more than 15 years experience in technical and management roles in the software industry.
ThreatMetrix offers solutions that assist online businesses in verifying new accounts, authorizing transactions, and authenticating user logins in real-time, without relying on the personally identifiable information (PII) identity thieves and criminal syndicates regularly employ to commit fraud.
Prior to co-founding ThreatMetrix in 2005, Mr. Jones founded SpamMATTERS, delivering products used by federal government law enforcement agencies for tracking phishing and spamming operations.
We really appreciate Mr. Jones taking the time to share some of their experience and expertise with the Infosec Island community.
Q: What do you feel is single greatest threat to cybersecurity today?
Without a doubt the two main threats are the proliferation of botnets and ineffective law enforcement. The former exists because international law enforcement is not co-ordinated to create a credible threat to crime regardless of where it originates. The former also exists because both operating systems and people are (and always will be) susceptible to sophisticated and well-funded hacking and fraud operations. This gives fraudsters anonymity.
Q: How do fraud and authentication issues impact e-commerce and our struggling economy?
Our current mechanisms of authentication are still the same from the ‘80s and ‘90s – things like passwords and “out of wallet” questions remain “best practice” but are so weak that they enable fraud….in a world where phishing and identity theft is rife, passwords are just too weak to provide 100% assurance. At ThreatMetrix we recognized the economy can't be hindered by paranoia about fraud. It's important to enable ecommerce whilst controlling fraud. It's just not constructive to block good customers. So, whilst current authentication is weak, ThreatMetrix increases assurance about each “transaction” by validating: what is the risk of “this user,” “this device,” “this transaction data” and historic information about each. We give the merchant greater assuredness on good guys and greater visibility on bad-guy detection – this helps power the economy.
Q: Do you see criminal activity such as fraudulent new accounts, unauthorized account access and card-not-present transactions as a greater threat to enterprise or the average consumer?
Great question and I think the answer is “yes” to both. I was talking with a payment processor today and they described a real-life situation where they rejected the same user four times on a purchase. On a routine audit they investigated and called the customer – they were legitimate and wanted the product but couldn't buy it because of fraud protection constraints. So I think consumers get alienated by overly paranoid and ecommerce throttling policies. On the enterprise side, they didn't get the sale – so that's bad for business!
Contrast that with fraudulent acts like you describe. Sure – if these remain unchecked then that will hit your bottom line. In some sites, like banks, dating, social and social gaming maybe the fraud does not affect the bottom line but things like Nigerian/419/Advanced Fee fraud all erode the confidence in the site. If you have a site that has fraud then your brand will suffer and that's also bad for business!
Q: As a cofounder of ThreatMetrix, how do you feel your team's approach to these problems set you apart in the marketplace?
When we started we had three axioms:
bad guys need anonymity to commit fraud having global view (or fraud network) is a powerful aid to customers small and large our solutions need to adapt as the bad guys adapt. It's a war of counter-measures.
In addition, providing real-time risk scoring has been a huge differentiator for us as new economies of virtual goods, virtual currencies are accelerating ecommerce. We find that most customers want our risk score in seconds and we deliver that.
Q: As CTO, can you give us a rundown the ThreatMetrix authentication standards and protocols, and how authentication without using PII is so effective in fraud detection?
Underpinning our solution is “Device Intelligence” – its like shifting from two dimensions to three dimensions or from “black and white” to color. ThreatMetrix provides so much more. All of this is transparent to the user – with no extra challenges or intrusions to user experience.
Q: How does leveraging the collective power of your global client base assist in enterprise risk mitigation?
Its 1+1=3. Simply put: we cross-correlate the current transaction to historic transaction data and threat information to provide a powerful risk scoring model. By giving customers visibility on local transaction “risk score” plus global behavior is extremely effective and efficient for fraud mitigation teams.
Q: SaaS and managed security has been gaining market share against more expensive network build-out options; where do you see this trend taking us over the next decade?
I think it will grow. Not every one can or wants to be a fraud expert but they want to access the “best practice” wisdom in the market. SaaS is a perfect delivery mechanism for that. eCommerce players can sign up and establish value in hours or days rather than spend weeks in deployment discussions and capex approval processes. For fraud you just need to “get on with it and solve the problem” – not agonize over the infrastructure to support it!
Q: What advice do you have for SMB's and smaller organizations who are struggling to keep up with the pace of technology and security upgrades?
Certainly SaaS is a rapid and effective way to import skills that would otherwise take huge effort and cost to build. That once was a luxury for large organizations – but even now they can't keep up with security changes or (in fact) they spend most of their time on compliance and just can't get to the real work! So, to me its logical, we amortize our skills across many clients and deliver a product with those skills embedded – that has to be a win for SMEs.
Q: Anything you would like to add?
Well, if anyone has read this far, they should also ring their mother right now!...Seriously, I'd add that folks should look at their fraud protection practices that are actually hampering ecommerce and profits to their business. You may actually discover that some overly paranoid policies could be relaxed if you use ThreatMetrix – it may just increase revenues and improve your customers experience and loyalty.
The Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission released a report today detailing all non-academic expenditures for Virginia public schools today. According to the report, except for Virginia Tech and UVA, all state men's basketball and football teams had financial shortfalls in 2011-12.
The chart below shows that George Mason and VCU had the biggest shortfalls:
One note about the chart, the report states that “each institution has discretion in how it chooses to allocate certain revenue” and it can be spread among the other sports. In short I would think that this means distributions that VT and UVA receive from the NCAA and the ACC (i.e. football TV money) can be allocated among the other sports across the board.
The whole report is an interesting read as I know a lot of you that read this site have sent me questions about the school's spending on athletics. There is also a section that details ODU's new football expenditures which I found particularly interesting to read.
A lot of people don't realize how much of the student fees are used to fund athletics and this report is clearly trying to show what factors into the skyrocketing costs of higher learning. However, other than Virginia Tech, George Mason students pay the least among public VA schools to support athletics.
[via jlarc.virginia.gov]
2015 Silver 5 oz ATB Saratoga New York
This Saratoga National Historical Park 5 oz Silver ATB is much more than a beautiful, investment bullion grade collectable coin. It features an awe-inspiring, National historical site. As with all ATB coin releases, the sites represented are true National treasures, having deep historical, cultural or natural significance.
These beautifully crafted .999 fine silver coins arrive from the U.S. Mint in sealed monster boxes. An ATB monster box contains 10 rolls of 10 coins in each roll making a total of 100 coins. BOLD offers these stunning silver bullion ATBs individually as singles, or in volume.
Be sure to check out this National Park Service site for more info on the Saratoga National Historical Park . Then, when your new coins arrive, make it a teachable moment with your kids. Never miss an opportunity to get your children involved!
…but, don't forget to order your coins first!
Highlights
Contains: 5 Troy oz of 0.999 fine silver.
The largest silver bullion coins ever issued by the United States Mint.
Design of the coins duplicates exactly (though enlarged) each of the America the Beautiful Quarters series.
Obverse: Common to entire series, depicting George Washington in a restored version of the portrait created by John Flanagan for the 1932 Washington quarter.
Reverse: The reverse design depicts a close-up of a historically strategic moment in 1777. British General John Burgoyne is shown surrendering their sword to American General Horatio Gates. This was the first really significant American victory, and a turning point many believe marked the “beginning of the end” of the American Revolutionary War. Saratoga was established as a National Historical Park in 1938, and covers 3,392 acres. A primary responsibility of the Park is to preserve the site of the Battles of Saratoga. This ATB coin design captures with fine distinction this truly decisive day in American history.
Reverse Design – Designer: Barbara Fox; Sculptor: Renata Gordon.
Edge: Smooth edge inscribed with the coin specifications: “.999 Fine Silver 5.0 Ounce.”
History
Authorization for 5 oz 0.999 fine silver ATB coins was enacted in 2008. With the America's Beautiful National Parks Quarter Dollar Coin Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-456), popular series was born. The designs of America the Beautiful 5 oz coins replicate those of the US Mint's America the Beautiful Quarters. The bullion coins are three inches in diameter and have a nominal face value of 25 cents. These are the first five ounces, three inches, 0.999 fine silver bullion coins ever produced by the United States Mint. The fineness and weight are edge-incused on the coins.
These unique silver bullion coins feature reverse designs depicting national parks and other national sites in each state. Included are District of Columbia and U.S. territories, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, U.S. Virgin Islands and Northern Mariana Islands. The coins are being issued in the order each featured site was established as a national park or site. Investors can now choose bullion coins that honor some of our Nation's most treasured national parks and sites. Those featured are amazing, majestic places, which truly make us “America the Beautiful.”
Investment Grade Bullion
ATB silver bullion coins are investment-grade bullion coins, with their weight, content and purity guaranteed by the U.S. government. The coins are also legal tender, although their quarter-dollar face value is merely symbolic. ATB silver bullion coins sell at prevailing silver market prices, plus a moderate premium to cover production and other costs. Silver is typically the lowest-priced precious metal; making these bullion coins an affordable choice for most investors and collectors.
Distinguishing Bullion and Uncirculated
There are three ways to distinguish between Bullion and Uncirculated ATBs.
Perhaps the most famous dream of all: Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, as imagined by John Simmons in 1873. (Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
This is part three of a five-part series on sleep and dreams, sponsored by Oso mattresses. Read the others here and here.
In the 18th century, many Americans were dubious of dreams, considering them to be products of bad indigestion or possible portents of mental illness, and were not likely to record or analyze them. This changed over the course of the 19th century, when people began to think of dreams as omens of things to come, or portals to an inner world.
In other words, it became cool to start telling people your dreams. Even if you were a President. Or Mark Twain.
In their book Lincoln Dreamt They Died: The Midnight Visions of Remarkable Americans from Colonial Times to Freud, historian Andrew Burstein chronicles this transformation in attitudes. To help understand this transition, here are eight 19th-century dreams, drawn from journals, letters, and autobiographies and analyzed in Burstein's book, that show how Americans learned to stop worrying and love their nighttime visions.
Abigail Adams confided their dreams to their husband John Adams. (Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Abigail to John Adams, January 1, 1797.
I seldom think twice of a Dream but last night I had one of so singular a nature that it has amused my mind today with various conjectures. I was riding in my Coach, where I know not, but at all once I perceived flying in the Air a number of large black [cannon] Balls of the size of a 24 pounder. They appeard to be all directed at me. All of them however burst and fell before they reach'd me, tho I continued going immediately toward them, I saw them crumble all to Attoms. But during this scene, two Guns were dischargd at my left Ear the flash of which I saw[,] and heard the report. I still remained unhurt, but proceeded undaunted upon my course. how would the soothsayers interpret this Dream?
Abigail Adams often dreamed of their husband during long separations. (In this, they were like more than one spouse whose dreams appear in Burstein's book; the difficulty of travel in the 19th century made such periods of separation common.) But this dream was different. “Any soothsayer worth their sooth,” Burstein writes, “would tell them that the cannonballs were political attacks on their husband, the president, which they felt as keenly if not more than he.” The frame Adams puts around their dream (“I seldom think twice of a Dream…” and the light closing reference to “soothsayers”) is typical of the 18th-century educated person's tendency to discount dream analysis as a foolish practice. “Dream interpreters in early America were as widespread as forgers, purveyors of instant cures, and other hucksters,” Burstein writes.
Benjamin Rush, who wrote to John Adams about a dream they had. (Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Benjamin Rush to John Adams, October 17, 1809
“What book is that in your hands?” said I to my son Richard a few nights ago in a dream. “It is the history of the United States,” said he. “Shall I read a page of it to you?” “No, no,” said I. “I believe in the truth of no history but in that which is contained in the Old and New Testaments.” “But, sir,” said my son, “this page relates to your friend Mr. Adams.” “Let me see it then,” said I. I read it with great pleasure and herewith send you a copy of it.
Looking to convince two estranged friends to reconcile, Benjamin Rush sent John Adams a long transcript of a history they supposedly read in a dream. Rush, unlike many of their contemporaries, was interested in their own dreams and recorded them often. “As we consider whether, unlike their other dreams, Rush had simply manufactured this one as a friendly conspiracy,” Burstein writes, “we should note that, by 1809, they were already much in the habit of telling Adams their dreams.” The dream letter is part of a longer correspondence in which the men exchanged nighttime visions as part of their friendly intimacy; often, these dreams centered on current political events. In this letter, Rush “foretold” Adams and Jefferson's reconciliation, and added that it would be followed by the death of both men, “nearly at the same time.” Both of these events eventually came to pass.
Washington Irving in 1809, with the title page of their published diary, in which they confided their dreams. (Photos: Public Domain/WikiCommons; Internet Archive)
Washington Irving to their diary, November 25, 1825
Last night dreamed of being in a large old house—found it giving way above—escaped and saw it falling to ruin—it took fire—thought all my property and especially my manuscripts were in it—rushed toward the house exclaiming, I am not now worth a sixpence—found one room of the house uninjured, and my brother, E.I., in it arranging papers, wiping books, etc.—told me that they had just managed to save everything that belonged to us by putting them into this one room that remained uninjured.
Washington Irving's fame came from writing books in which characters often dreamed (perhaps most famous is their story of Rip Van Winkle). Yet Irving rarely recorded their own dreams; this one is an exception. “Fortunes came and went in the volatile decade of the 1820s,” Burstein writes. The writer invested poorly and their brothers (including “E.I,” Ebenezer Irving, who helped with their business affairs) were much more financially successful than they are. The anxiety dream has obvious connections to Irving's own life.
The title page to Charles Ball's autobiography, in which they recounted their dreams. (Photo: Public Domain/Internet Archive)
Charles Ball, former slave, circa 1804, as recounted in their 1837 autobiography
I thought I had, by some means, escaped from my master, and through infinite and unparalleled dangers and sufferings, had made my way back to Maryland; and was again in the cabin of my wife, with two of my little children on my lap, whilst their mother was busy in preparing for me a supper of fried fish, such as they often dressed, when I was at home.
Here is the sad dream of an enslaved man who had been sold away from their family, included in a narrative meant to convince readers of the evils of slavery. The dream speaks to readers who might recognize and feel sympathy with the plight of a person whose mind refused to catch up with their present state of distress. Its inclusion shows how often the heightened feelings felt in dreams were deployed in 19th-century American literature in order to emphasize the emotional truth of a situation.
Charcoal portrait of Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1846. Emerson wrote their dreams in their diary constantly(Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Ralph Waldo Emerson in their journal, December 20, 1840
A droll dream last night, whereat I ghastly laughed. A congregation assembled, like some of our late Conventions, to debate the Institution of Marriage; & grave & alarming objections stated on all hands to the usage; when one speaker at last rose & began to reply to the arguments, but suddenly extended their hand & turned on the audience the spout of an engine which was copiously supplied from within the wall with water & whisking it vigorously about, up, down, right, & left, they drove all the company in crowds hither & thither & out of the house. Whilst I stood watching astonished & amused at the malice & vigor of the orator, I saw the spout lengthened by a supply of hose behind, & the man suddenly brought it round a corner & drenched me as I gazed. I woke up relieved to find myself quite dry, and well convinced that the Institution of Marriage was safe for tonight.
Emerson wrote about dreams constantly, interested in their relationship with waking reality, and the way they did, or did not, free the mind to think outside of its accustomed tracks. The writer recorded the absurdity of their dreams with interest—an interest that, Burstein writes, paralleled antebellum American literature and art's fascination with the realms of the sublime and transcendental. And “the sudden amplification of autobiographical fragments” in dream writing in the middle of the 19th century, Burstein writes, “says that people were striving to know themselves better and were less afraid that their dreams might reveal flaws in character.”
An amrbotype of Henry David Thoreau taken in 1861, in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Thoreau also recorded their dreams in their journal. (Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Henry David Thoreau in their journal, October 26, 1851
I awoke this morning to infinite regret. In my dream I had been riding, but the horses bit each other and occasioned endless trouble and anxiety, and it was my employment to hold their heads apart. Next I sailed over the sea in a small vessel such as the Northmen used, as it were to the Bay of Fundy, and thence overland I sailed, still over the shallows about the sources of rivers toward the deeper channel of a stream which emptied into the Gulf beyond,—the Miramichi, was it? Again I was in my own small pleasure-boat, learning to sail on the sea, and I raised my sail before my anchor, which I dragged far into the sea. I saw the buttons which had come off the coats of drowned men, and suddenly I saw my dog—when I knew not that I had one—standing in the sea up to their chin, to warm their legs, which had been wet, which the cool wind numbed…
“So many of their anxiety dreams were seafaring dreams,” Burstein said to me of 19th-century Americans. “They took place in the Age of Sail. So whereas somebody today might have an anxiety dream that involves some kind of modern conveyance—I know I have dreams where I'm in a car and I'm driving, I might be lost, or there's a scary turn, that sort of thing—their anxiety dreams very often would take place on the water.”
Upon waking, Thoreau writes at the end of their description of this long dream: “Methought I was a musical instrument from which I heard a strain die out, a bugle, or a clarinet, or a flute. My body was the organ and channel of melody, as a flute is of the music that is breathed through it. My flesh sounded and vibrated still to the strain, and my nerves were the chords of the lyre.” Burstein told me that 19th-century thinkers like Thoreau were very interested in the impact of various activities on the nervous system: “Their world was one in which the nervous constitution of a human being was front and center.” And so the physical impact of dreams was of great import.
President Abraham Lincoln and Ward Hill Lamon, to whom they supposedly confided their dreams. (Photo: Library of Congress; Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Dream of Abraham Lincoln, supposedly told to Ward Hill Lamon, 1865
About ten days ago I retired very late. I had been up waiting for important dispatches from the front. I could not have been long in bed when I fell into a slumber, for I was weary. I soon began to dream…Then I heard subdued sobs, as if a number of people were weeping…I went from room to room; no living person was in sight, but the same mournful sounds of distress met me as I passed along…Determined to find the cause of a state of things so mysterious and so shocking, I kept on until I arrived at the East Room, which I entered. There I met with a sickening surprise. Before me was a catafalque, on which rested a corpse wrapped in funeral vestments.
Ward Hill Lamon, a bodyguard and friend of Abraham Lincoln's, included a chapter in their memoirs of their time with the late President titled “Dreams and Presentiments.” Dreams, Lamon reported, “sometimes elated and sometimes disturbed [Lincoln] in a very astonishing degree.” This President was in “cordial sympathy” with “plain people” who “believed…in the marvelous as revealed in presentiments and dreams.” Lincoln's interest in their own dreams was part and parcel with the 19th-century drift away from scorn of dreams and toward an avid interest in their meaning.
Lamon claimed to be describing this particular dream from notes “made immediately after its recital,” a few days before Lincoln's assassination. The dream corpse in vestments was Lincoln himself.
Mark Twain reported their dreams in their journal. (Photo: Public Domain/WikiCommons)
Mark Twain to their journal, August 10, 1898
Last night dreamed of a whaling cruise in a drop of water. Not by microscope, but actually. This would mean a reduction of the participants to a minuteness which would make them nearly invisible to God and they wouldn't be interested in them any longer. Lying thinking about this, concluded to write a dispute between a microscope and a telescope—one could pull a moral out of that.
“We begin to see in the postbellum years a more familiar (modern) expression of dream disorientation,” Burstein writes. “It does not require opium, or even poetic engagement, to sense the new uncanny.” Twain's fascination with the upside-down world to be found in dreams fed into their work, and into their hobbyist's interest in psychic phenomena.
By this time, American interest in dreams had laid the groundwork for this country's interest in Freud. “Why was it that Freud was such a big hit in America?” Burstein asked me. “Why did it take longer for their teachings to catch on in their native Europe? It was because Americans had gone through this history…where they became more and more engaged with the dream state.”
Sponsored by Oso mattress. OSO mattress is customizable comfort created with Reverie's DreamCell(TM) technology. Shop the mattress now to discover the sleep for you.
Karachi: A senior official of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has advised the Pakistan Cricket Board to start developing a safe venue at home instead of continuing to play its "home" series in the UAE.
Rajeev Shukla, who is also Chairman of the IPL, said that Pakistan needed to develop safe venues instead of agreeing to play in the UAE.
"If Pakistan continues to play in the UAE its cricket will slowly slowly suffer. Lahore can easily be made into a safe venue," Shukla said on Geo News channel.
"If PCB makes Lahore a safe venue by constructing a team hotel near it and by providing adequate security than India will have no objection to playing in Lahore," they said.
But Shukla than clarified that India would be willing to play in Lahore if Pakistan gave the International Cricket Council proper security assurances and other member boards also had no objections to play there.
"If Lahore is made a safe venue than everyone will come and play there."
Shukla reminded about the MOU signed between the two boards last year admitted there was a MOU but noted it was signed when someone else headed the ICC and BCCI.
"Now our current President wants Pakistan and India to play against each other but in each other's countries," they added.
"We are saying this time come and play in India we are ready to compensate for the home series losses we will give bigger participation fees and when things improve in Pakistan we will go there and play one or two series. We have no issues," they said.
Shukla to a question insisted there was nothing wrong in Pakistan playing in India in December as India would provide adequate security and also compensate the PCB well.
"I don't think this is such a big issue ... why make an ego issue of it and insist on playing in Dubai only," they stated.
When pressed as to what problem India had with playing in the UAE when it had held a leg of the IPL in Dubai this year, Shukla avoided giving a direct reply and maintained Pakistan should not make it such a big issue.
When reminded that other teams had no objections to playing in Dubai or at other venues in the UAE, Shukla said the BCCI had its own policies.
"We have our own policy. We don't care about what other countries do and what is their policy," they said.
"We want resumption of cricket ties with Pakistan."
Shukla also insisted that when the PCB delegation visited Mumbai the Shiv Sena activists had not bothered or touched them.
"They came to the Wankhede stadium and spoke to the BCCI President and they raised slogans but they didn't bother the PCB officials."
Shukla maintained that the PCB and Pakistan government should sit together and make Lahore a safe venue and invite teams to play there.
"If one incident happened does it mean there should no cricket in Pakistan," they said referring to the militants attack on the Sri Lankan team in March 2009 after which top test teams have refused to tour Pakistan because of security concerns.
"I would say build on the success of the tour by Zimbabwe to Lahore," they added.
As negotiations between Harvard and its dining workers continue without resolution, administrators are ratcheting up efforts to minimize campus disruption and calling for volunteers from the exempt employees within several of its schools to help out HUDS.
Sandra Parada, a staff assistant for Harvard's Campus Services responsible for coordinating volunteers, wrote in an email that Harvard is “actively seeking for volunteers all across campus,” adding that the University is only looking for exempt employees. Exempt employees, such as first-year student proctors, are not paid hourly or eligible for overtime pay.
“As we speak, I am receiving emails from colleagues offering to lend HUDS a hand,” Parada wrote.
Faculty of Arts and Sciences Dean of Administration and Finance Leslie A. Kirwan sent an email to FAS department administrators requesting exempt staff to aid dining hall managers as the strike continues.
“The dining halls are being staffed by HUDS managers, supplemented by Harvard colleagues from around the University who are pitching in to help with a shift or two,” Kirwan wrote. “If you, or exempt staff in your department, are able to suspend some of your regular duties and instead lend a hand to HUDS, I know they would be most grateful.”
Advertisement
Harvard's dining workers have reported to the picket lines each day since Wednesday, going on strike in response to a nearly fourth month-long bargaining process with the University that has thus far failed to produce a contract agreement.
The latest bargaining session between HUDS and the University on Saturday did not yield an agreement, and the two parties will meet again for their 22nd session Monday morning, according to Harvard spokesperson Tania deLuzuriaga.
As the picketing continues, six of the 13 undergraduate dining halls closed for the weekend, and Harvard has enlisted a small cohort of temporary workers to staff those that remain open. Before the workers went on strike Wednesday, the University began stockpiling frozen food.
Harvard's dining workers are receiving roughly $40 a day in compensation from their union— the Boston-based UNITE HERE Local 26—for the duration of the strike, Local 26 president Brian Lang told the Boston Globe.
Representatives from Harvard and Local 26 have disagreed about health benefits and wages over the course of negotiations. Local 26, often using Harvard's $35.7 billion endowment as a rallying cry, has called for the University to provide year-round work for interested employees and institute a “minimum guaranteed salary” of $35,000 for those workers, according to Local 26 spokesperson Tiffany Ten Eyck.
HUDS workers are laid off during the University's recesses and are not able to draw unemployment because of the school's status as a non-profit organization.
In response, the University offered workers a series of summer stipends between $150 and $250 dollars, which would be paid out weekly “even if there are no open shifts,” according to deLuzuriaga.
Harvard also proposed its dining workers enroll in the health benefits package that its largest union negotiated last winter. That plan would eliminate deductibles, increase copayments, and establish a new premium contribution tier for workers who make $55,000 or less annually, in which Harvard would contribute 87 percent of the premium of the lowest-cost plan. The plan would also fund a “flexible savings account” of $80 per year in 2018 and 2019, and $40 in 2020. Flexible savings accounts allow employees to pay “predictable” health expenses related to caring for a dependent with pre-tax dollars, thus lowering a worker's taxable income.
Harvard also extended a second option to the workers, in which the University would contribute the “equivalent cost of the Harvard University Group Health Enrollment premium” to a health insurance plan offered by Local 26. About 300 HUDS employees are currently enrolled in that plan.
—Staff writer Brandon J. Dixon can be reached at brandon.dixon@thecrimson.com. Follow them on Twitter @BrandonJoDixon.
The Darling River flows roughly southwest across the Australian state of New South Wales, and in March 2012, the river flooded. On March 14, the State Emergency Service reported major flooding at Louth and warned of an expected floodwater peak at Tilpa over the coming days. Floods were receding, however, at Bourke. (Photo:NASA)
The Darling River flows roughly southwest across the Australian state of New South Wales, and in March 2012, the river flooded. On March 14, the State Emergency Service reported major flooding at Louth and warned of an expected floodwater peak at Tilpa over the coming days. Floods were receding, however, at Bourke.
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra satellite captured the top image on March 23, 2012. For comparison, the bottom image shows the same region a year earlier, on March 26, 2011. These images use a combination of visible and infrared light to better distinguish between water and land. Water varies from electric blue to navy. Vegetation is bright green. Bare ground is earth-toned. Clouds are nearly white and cast shadows.
The difference in water levels along the Darling River between March 2011 and March 2012 are stark. In February and March 2012, flooding affected large parts of southeastern Australia. Drought affected the same general region from 1997 to 2011.
Source: NASA Earth Observatory
Ever wonder why -- after years of secrecy -- camera-ready cases began rolling out? The answer could possibly be Apple supply manager Paul Shin Devine, who was just fingered by the FBI and IRS as a fraudulent, money laundering mole. Devine was arrested Friday for allegedly receiving kickbacks from six accessory suppliers in exchange for confidential information, which apparently gave them an edge in negotiating Apple contracts. "The alleged scheme used an elaborate chain of U.S. and foreign bank accounts and one front company to receive payments," reports the San Jose Mercury News, "and code words like 'sample' were used to refer to the payments so that Apple co-workers wouldn't become suspicious." Though we're not yet sure what specific confidential information might have been passed along and we doubt the indictment will say, a separate civil suit filed by Apple claims Devine accepted over $1 million in "payments, kickbacks and bribes" over the course of several years.
The board of insurance company American International Group (AIG) may join a $25-billion lawsuit against the government for ripping off shareholders, the New York Times reports. This after it only just paid back the $182.3 billion that the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) offered as a stabilizing fund in 2008, netting the government a $22.7 billion profit.
Make that $182 billion with interest. As AIG reminded everyone in its “Thank You, America” ad during a football game on New Year's Day, the total price tag was $205 billion, “paid to America from AIG.”
And that's the big sticking point for shareholders bringing the lawsuit, as it happens. They are basically charging the US government with usury in that the suit maintains TARP's 14% interest rate was “punitive,” according to the Times report. One of its ways of making this argument is the Fifth Amendment—the suit holds that the US government violated the Constitutional ban on the seizure of private property for “public use, without just compensation.”
Setting aside for the moment that, without TARP, there's wouldn't be any AIG shares to hold right now, that $205-billion total doesn't take into account tax breaks offered in the bailout deal, which let AIG count net operating losses against future taxes. This tax break contributed to an estimated $17.7 billion in profits, according to a statement from the Congressional Oversight Panel for the TARP released last March. “When the government bailed out AIG, it should not have allowed the failed insurance giant to duck taxes for years to come. That kind of bonus wasn't necessary to protect the economy. It also gives AIG a leg up against its competitors at a time when everyone should have to play by the same rules – especially when it comes to paying taxes,” said former Chair Elizabeth Warren in the statement. If you factor that in, it leaves about $5 billion in profit for the US government on its AIG bailout—hardly an outrageous amount of interest on a $182.3-billion investment.
To be fair to AIG's board, it must carefully consider shareholder interests, which may mean particpating in a shareholder-instigated lawsuit. AIG former CEO Maurice R. Greenberg brought the suit in 2011 on behalf of AIG shareholders, of which they are a major one. The New York Times indicates that Greenberg could challenge any board choice to stay on the sidelines, and points out that, if it did abstain, a legal victory could prompt lawsuits against the company from other shareholders.
The U.S. Copyright Office will consider whether to update DMCA rules to make an exemption for abandoned online games. If an exemption were offered, it would allow certain organisations to provide copies of abandoned online servers, potentially allowing ‘dead' games a second lease of life.
The recently shut-down Marvel Heroes could potentially be brought back to life if the exemption is passed.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is a US copyright law intended to stop the public infringing upon digital intellectual property. The Act's anti-circumvention provisions are due for renewal, but before that happens, the Copyright Office is running a public consultation.
The rules have previously been adapted to allow organisations like libraries and museums to emulate classic games, but those rules are yet to be extended to online games. For older online titles, once servers go down, the entire game is lost forever. In an article from TorrentFreak, however, The Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment (MADE), argues that “today, local multiplayer options are increasingly rare,” and that many single-player games also now require online connections, posing a potential problem to future games archivists.
With this in mind, MADE is asking the Copyright Office to extend exemptions to cover online games, citing a list of 319 titles that have been abandoned since 2012 – just over one game per week. Should the Copyright Office approve the exemption, organisations like MADE would be able to copy old servers, allowing them to maintain games after their official hosting servers have been deactivated.
The Denver Post's Daniel Boniface answers questions in the Rapids Mailbag.
Pose a rapid- or MLS-related question for the Rapids Mailbag.
Wolverhampton Wanderers just missed the playoff on goal differential. Does this mean Kevin Doyle may arrive before July 1?
— Chris Jones, via Twitter
Chris — This is exactly why Rapids fans should have been rooting against Wolves ever since the Kevin Doyle signing became official. With Wolverhampton's hopes of being promoted to the Premier League now officially dashed, I would fully expect the Rapids to make an immediate push to acquire their newest designated player as soon as possible.
As it stands now, Doyle — a Republic of Ireland international — is under contract through the end of Wolves seasons and isn't scheduled to join the Rapids until July 1. Colorado will likely need to compensate Wolves to get this over the line. The MLS primary transfer window slams shut on May 12, so they have to move quickly.
Colorado has been creating loads of chances this season, but has only eight goals in nine matches to show for it. Bringing Doyle in early would be a boost for the offense and would give the team two extra months to integrate its new striker within the group, so expect the Rapids to do what they can to make it happen.
The difference between this year and last is better quality players. Tactically, coach Pablo Mastroeni has shown they have no clue on substitutions or changing tactics during a match. How much longer until a needed coaching change is made?
— Chris, Denver
Chris — Colorado will not make a coaching change any time soon. Mastroeni is a Rapids legend with World Cup experience and he's being given the leash to learn on the job. Based on conversations I've had, the front office remains absolutely committed to him, so I don't foresee a midseason change (especially since he's scheduled to manage the MLS All-Stars on July 29). If things go south this year like they did last year, perhaps they will re-evaluate in the offseason. But it's important to note that Mastroeni was hired right before the season began last year and didn't have the chance to have any real input on the roster.
Now that Mastroeni has had a hand in bringing in some of their guys, they are really pleased with the vibe in the locker room this season. The team has played its heart out for them this year. They are unbeaten on the road through the first two months of the season.
Yes, they have dropped points at home, but they lost to two of MLS' top teams, Seattle and New England, and they played well in those games. With reinforcements coming at the striker position, Mastroeni will be given a chance to prove they can be a successful MLS manager — at least through the 2015 campaign.
Why do you think Dominique Badji continues to start instead of moving Gabriel Torres up top and putting Vicente Sanchez or Dillon Serna out wide?
— Cody Costra, via Twitter
Cody — Good question. Coach Pablo Mastroeni said they prefered Torres coming in from behind the play off the wing or in the No. 10 role, but to your point, Torres has been effective as the lone striker up top. Their calm finish on Saturday against Los Angeles Galaxy was proof of that.
Badji missed two golden chances against New York Red Bulls last week — they were opportunities he's used to scoring and they stayed after training on Tuesday to work on their fast-break counterattack finishing. It's important to remember he's still just a rookie and that poise will come with experience.
RELATED: New Rapids striker Dominique Badji is living the American Dream
Sanchez's fitness does not appear to be at a point at which they can finish a full 90-minute match. As we've seen in the past, Mastroeni is loathe to start anyone they know will require a sub before the game is done.
Serna's situation is a little different. He's missed time away with national team duty (more on that in the next question) and their playing time has been impacted by that. Designated player Juan Ramirez has played well on the left wing, so it's hard to see them displacing them for significant time right now.
With Doyle and Argentine striker Luis Solignac set to join the team soon as options at the No. 9, Torres role will be on the right wing or spelling Dillon Powers in the No. 10 role. I think Mastroeni prefers to continue giving Torres the bulk of their time in the position where they will feature longterm for this club.
Why aren't Shane O'Neill and Dillon Serna seeing more playing time? They both seem to be healthy and fit.
— Mark Weatherley, Boulder
Mark — Both of the Rapids homegrowns, Shane O'Neill and Dillon Serna, have missed time with Colorado this season due to callups with the U.S. senior national team (during preseason) and the under-23 squad — the defacto 2016 Olympic team.
Rapids coach Pablo Mastroeni said their lack of availability has impacted their playing time with the club. Missing time during the preseason when the club was laying the groundwork and then missing matches, training sessions and film sessions during the year has all played a role in Mastroeni's thinking when devising their starting 11.
No player wants to sit on the bench, so I can't imagine either player is thrilled. O'Neill said Tuesday that they do not blame Mastroeni for their decisions and noted the coaching staff knows what they have to offer at this point in their career. Center back is perhaps the deepest position on the Rapids this year, so Mastroeni has options.
In Serna's case, Ramirez has put their foot down at left midfield with their inspired play there, and Mastroeni prefers Torres — the club's leading goal scorer this season — coming in from the right wing or in the No. 10 role. Dillon Powers has played so well as the No. 10 it's hard to see them coming out of the lineup.
So, for now it appears Serna's best chance is to force their way into the lineup through strong play off the bench. (No one will forget the golazo they scored in a substitute role against FC Dallas any time soon.)
Serna appeared at fullback for the U-23s vs. Mexico and subbed in there against Seattle Sounders on April 18, so we may see more of them there if the U.S. believes that's their best role for the 2016 Olympics.
I'm wondering about the Rapids' mentality late in the game when tied or at home down a goal. Why the conservative play? With six ties early in the season, it's as if the Rapids would rather play it safe than try to win. I get it on the road, but at home? Why not play with three defenders and put in an extra striker?
— Neil, Arvada
Neil — The Rapids have, in general, made conservative subsitutions in these situations. But in fairness to coach Pablo Mastroeni, you also have to look at their options off the bench.
In the home opener against NYCFC (0-0 draw), Mastroeni did not have a striker available off the bench, and instead turned to Carlos Alvarez, Juan Ramirez and Marcelo Sarvas, subbing for Dominique Badji, Vicente Sanchez and Dillon Powers, respectively. Sanchez and Powers were still not at full fitness, so you could question pulling off Badji so early. The Rapids went up a man in the 82nd minute of this match, but had already made all of their subs.
Against New England, Colorado looked extremely threatening in the second half, and probably deserved better than a 2-0 loss. The Rapids were slightly more aggressive with their subs in this game, bringing on Badji for defensive midfielder Sam Cronin in the 58th minute, but made like-for-like subs with their other two. It would have been worth pulling off a defender and bringing on an attacker.
The subs in the Seattle (3-1 loss) game were curious. But again, look at the options. Badji was out with a hamstring injury, so Mastroeni's only attacker off the bench was Dillon Serna, who they subbed in at right back. Nick LaBrocca, more of a defensive midfielder, was brought on for Vicente Sanchez in this game — not exactly an aggressive move. The third sub was unused, but there weren't any other attackers left.
The 1-1 draw to FC Dallas is where there's room to backseat manage. The Rapids went up a man in the 60th minute when striker Blas Perez was given a red card. With all three subs still in their pocket, Mastroeni only subbed on Sanchez for Badji in the 65th minute. Dallas had the lead and it seemed clear they would bunker and try to escape with at least a point. So why not bring on Charles Eloundou or Carlos Alvarez for a defender and play three in the back in this situation? There was definitely room for improvement in this match.
Pose a rapid- or MLS-related question for the Rapids Mailbag.
Daniel Boniface: dboniface@denverpost.com or twitter.com/danielboniface
The executive commissioner and CEO of Scouts Canada has left the organization, CBC News has learned.
In their letter of resignation, Janet Yale says their departure involves "philosophical differences" over the future direction of Scouts Canada that developed over months, and is not connected with a CBC News investigation that revealed Scouts Canada had signed out-of-court confidentiality agreements with more than a dozen child sex-abuse victims in recent years, shielding the incidents from media attention.
Janet Yale has left their post as CEO of Scouts Canada, CBC News has learned. ((CBC))
In an email sent to CBC News, Steve Kent, the organization's chief commissioner and chair of its board of governors, confirmed the board had accepted Yale's resignation on the weekend, and wished to "convey our thanks and appreciation for the contribution Janet has made over the past year, a year that has seen Scouting in Canada undergo a major restructuring and transition."
"I want to make it clear as Janet does in their letter [of resignation] that their decision to tender their resignation was in no way related to the recent media attention, and the staff continue to enjoy both my own and the board's full support on this matter."
Your input If you have more on this story, or other investigative tips, please email investigations@cbc.ca.
CBC's investigative unit searched civil court records across the country and found a total of 24 lawsuits filed against Scouts Canada since 1995. Of those, 13 included confidentiality agreements, some of which prevent victims from disclosing details of any financial settlement or even the fact that one exists.
CBC also revealed Scouts Canada kept a "confidential list" of pedophiles within its ranks over the course of several decades. One form, dating from 1983 and used to request that an individual be added to the list, deemed several traits "unacceptable," including sexual perversion, immorality, other gross misconduct, or any conduct that could prejudice or bring disrepute to the organization.
Yale has stated that the youth organization doesn't keep records about suspected abuse or misbehavior by volunteer leaders, but does keep files "of a confidential nature" about those suspended or terminated. In a letter to CBC they also said any reports of suspected abuse results in the immediate suspension of the individual in question before all information is handed over to the relevant police and child protection services.
THE State's centenary celebrations of 1916 Easter Rising officially began today with the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Fenian leader Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa's funeral.
THE State's centenary celebrations of 1916 Easter Rising officially began today with the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of Fenian leader Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa's funeral.
President Michael D Higgins led the official State commemoration in Glasnevin Cemetery, and was joined by Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Art Minister Heather Humphreys.
The O'Donovan Rossa funeral in June 1915 was the scene of the famous graveside oration by Pádraig Pearse, which unified the republican movement and ultimately led to the Easter Rising less than a year later.
On arriving to the cemetery, President Higgins inspected an armed guard provided by the Defence Force's 6th Infantry Battalion as the Army No 1. Band played Sarsfield Men.
This was followed by a speech by Glasnevin Trust chairperson John Green, who detailed the events leading up to O'Donovan's Rossa's death and the impact it had on the Irish republican movement of the time.
Defence Forces Chaplain Fr Robert McCabe then recited a prayer and blessed the grave, before President Higgins laid a wreath on Mr O'Donovan Rossa's resting place.
An actor gave a powerful re-enactment of Pádraig Pearse's graveside oration, which was followed by a gun salute by a Defence Forces firing party.
Crowds gathered to hear the re-enactment of Pearse's immortal words: "The fools, the fools, they have left us our Fenian dead and while Ireland holds these graves, Ireland unfree shall never be at peace".
Some of the descendants of O'Donovan Rossa's family were also there.
The Taoiseach described O'Donovan Rossa, nicknamed Dynamite for orchestrating the first-ever republican bombings in British cities, as a figure in Irish history.
"Even 100 years after their death their name is synonymous with the Fenians and with Irish Nationalism. The liberation of their country became their life's ambition. Their funeral remains one of the pivotal moments in Irish history and was an occasion that would be hugely instrumental in shaping the future of our nation," they said.
Mr Higgins led the commemorations by laying a wreath while a volley of shots rang out and the Tricolour was raised and Amhran na bhFiann played.
The event included prayer by Defence Forces chaplain Fr Robert McCabe, a minute's silence, a piper's lament and an actor reciting Pearse's oration.
Ms Humphreys, whose office is overseeing the 40 plus events marking the Easter Rising, said the re-enactment was the official start of the centenary celebrations which they said will be "appropriate and respectful".
"The funeral of Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa, which took place here in Glasnevin Cemetery 100 years ago today, acted as a catalyst in the lead up to the Rising. The now famous graveside oration, given by Padraig Pearse, left a lasting impact and travelled far beyond the confines of this cemetery," they said.
"Over the coming year, we will hold more than 40 state events as we commemorate the events of 1916, consider our achievements over the last 100 years, and look ambitiously to the future."
O'Donovan Rossa died in New York on June 29 1915 aged 83.
Among the first wave of activists to join the ranks of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) in 1858, the Skibbereen shopkeeper was jailed for life for high treason after plotting a Fenian rising in 1865.
Four years later they were elected a British MP in a by-election in Tipperary while incarcerated although the result was declared invalid.
Their release was only secured in the so-called Fenian amnesty after they agreed to live in exile in New York from where they espoused the theory of terrorism and launched the dynamite bombing campaign to attack strategic and economic targets in Britain.
Following their death on Staten Island the IRB set about stage managing their repatriation and burial for maximum effect and publicity.
"Send their body home at once," Tom Clarke, one of the masterminds of the 1916 Rising, cabled to John Devoy who had been exiled with O'Donovan Rossa.
The funeral was a huge occasion in Dublin with an estimated 5,000 people following a guard of honour made up of veterans of the Fenian movement and the Irish Volunteers, Irish Citizen Army and Fianna Eireann.
Reports say it took just under an hour for the cortege to pass a fixed point as it wound its way from Stephen's Green to Parnell Square and out to Glasnevin past 50,000 people who had lined the streets.
Pearse's oration was deliberately provocative and the silence which followed it was only broken by the baying crowds and the defiant firing of three volleys of shots over the grave which some historians describe as the first shots of the 1916 Rising.
John Green, chair of Glasnevin Trust, said O'Donovan Rossa's funeral was the most significant of all those of Irish republicans.
"The selection of Padraig Pearse was Clarke's, having groomed them for the task at Bodenstown in 1913. Their oration at the graveside was a masterpiece which invoked the passions of the past and laid bare the task ahead," they said.
The centenary has also been marked with a commemorative stamp of a picture of the burial in Glasnevin and events in Cork including a torch-lit parade in Skibbereen.
Press Association
I remember that many years ago, when I was a smartass home from first year of college, I was standing in the kitchen arguing with my father. My head was full of newly discovered political ideologies and black nationalism, and I had just read the Autobiography of Malcolm X, probably for the second time.
A bit of context. My father was from a background, which if we were talking about Europe or Latin America, we would call, "peasant" origin, although they had risen solidly into the working-middle class. They were from rural Virginia and their parents had been tobacco farmers. I spent two weeks or so every summer on the farm of my grandmother and step-grandfather. They had no running water, no gas, a wood burning stove, no bathtubs or toilets but an outhouse, potbelly stoves for heat in the winter, a giant wood pile, a smoke house where hams and bacon hung, chickens, pigs, semi wild housecats that lived outdoors, no tractor or car, but an old plow horse and plows and other horse drawn implements, and electricity only after I was about 8 years old. The area did not have high schools for blacks and my father went as far as the seventh grade in a one-room schoolhouse. All four of their grandparents, whom they had known as a child, had been born slaves. It was mainly because of World War II and urbanization that my father left that life.
They lived in a valley or hollow or "holler" in which all the landowners and tenants were black. In the morning if you wanted to talk to cousin Taft, you would walk down to behind the outhouse and yell across the valley, "Heeeyyyy Taaaaft," and you could see them far, far in the distance, come out of their cabin and yell back.
On the one hand, this was a pleasant situation because they lived in isolation from white people. On the other hand, they did have to leave the valley to go to town where all the rigid rules of Jim Crow applied. By the time I was little, my people had been in this country for six generations (going back, according to oral rendering of our genealogy, to Africa Jones and Mama Suki), much more under slavery than under freedom, and all of it under some form of racial terrorism, which had inculcated many humiliating behavior patterns.
Anyway, that's background. I think we were kind of typical as African Americans in the pre-civil rights era went.
So anyway, I was having this argument with my father about Martin Luther King and how their message was too conservative compared to Malcolm X's message. My father got really angry at me. It wasn't that they disliked Malcolm X, but their point was that Malcolm X hadn't accomplished anything as Dr. King had.
I was kind of sarcastic and asked something like, so what did Martin Luther King accomplish other than giving their "I have a dream speech."
Before I tell you what my father told me, I want to digress. Because at this point in our amnesiac national existence, my question pretty much reflects the national civic religion view of what Dr. King accomplished. They gave this great speech. Or some people say, "he marched." I was so angry at Mrs. Clinton during the primaries when they said that Dr. King marched, but it was LBJ who delivered the Civil Rights Act.
At this point, I would like to remind everyone exactly what Martin Luther King did, and it wasn't that they "marched" or gave a great speech.
My father told me with a sort of cold fury, "Dr. King ended the terror of living in the south."
Please let this sink in and and take my word and the word of my late father on this. If you are a white person who has always lived in the U.S. and never under a brutal dictatorship, you probably don't know what my father was talking about.
But this is what the great Dr. Martin Luther King accomplished. Not that they marched, nor that they gave speeches.
They ended the terror of living as a black person, especially in the south.
I'm guessing that most of you, especially those having come fresh from seeing The Help, may not understand what this was all about. But living in the south (and in parts of the midwest and in many ghettos of the north) was living under terrorism.
It wasn't that black people had to use a separate drinking fountain or couldn't sit at lunch counters, or had to sit in the back of the bus.
You really must disabuse yourself of this idea. Lunch counters and buses were crucial symbolic planes of struggle that the civil rights movement used to dramatize the issue, but the main suffering in the south did not come from our inability to drink from the same fountain, ride in the front of the bus or eat lunch at Woolworth's.
It was that white people, mostly white men, occasionally went berserk, and grabbed random black people, usually men, and lynched them. You all know about lynching. But you may forget or not know that white people also randomly beat black people, and the black people could not fight back, for fear of even worse punishment.
This constant low level dread of atavistic violence is what kept the system running. It made life miserable, stressful and terrifying for black people.
White people also occasionally tried black people, especially black men, for crimes for which they could not conceivably be guilty. With the willing participation of white women, they often accused black men of "assault," which could be anything from rape to not taking off one's hat, to "reckless eyeballing."
This is going to sound awful and perhaps a stain on my late father's memory, but when I was little, before the civil rights movement, my father taught me many, many humiliating practices in order to prevent the random, terroristic, berserk behavior of white people. The one I remember most is that when walking down the street in New York City side by side, hand in hand with my hero-father, if a white woman approached on the same sidewalk, I was to take off my hat and walk behind my father, because they had been taught in the south that black males for some reason were supposed to walk single file in the presence of any white lady.
This was just one of many humiliating practices we were taught to prevent white people from going berserk.
I remember a huge family reunion one August with my aunts and uncles and cousins gathered around my grandparents' vast breakfast table laden with food from the farm, and the state troopers drove up to the house with a car full of rifles and shotguns, and everyone went kind of weirdly blank. They put on the masks that black people used back then to not provoke white berserkness. My strong, valiant, self-educated, articulate uncles, whom I adored, became shuffling, Step-N-Fetchits to avoid provoking the white men. Fortunately the troopers were only looking for an escaped convict. Afterward, the women, my aunts, were furious at the humiliating performance of the men, and said so, something that even a child could understand.
This is the climate of fear that Dr. King ended.
If you didn't get taught such things, let alone experience them, I caution you against invoking the memory of Dr. King as though they belong exclusively to you and not primarily to African Americans.
The question is, how did Dr. King do this—and of course, they didn't do it alone.
(Of all the other civil rights leaders who helped Dr. King end this reign of terror, I think the most underappreciated is James Farmer, who founded the Congress of Racial Equality and was a leader of nonviolent resistance, and taught the practices of nonviolent resistance.)
So what did they do?
They told us: Whatever you are most afraid of doing vis-a-vis white people, go do it. Go ahead down to city hall and try to register to vote, even if they say no, even if they take your name down.
Go ahead sit at that lunch counter. Sue the local school board. All things that most black people would have said back then, without exaggeration, were stark raving insane and would get you killed.
If we do it all together, we'll be okay.
They made black people experience the worst of the worst, collectively, that white people could dish out, and discover that it wasn't that bad. They taught black people how to take a beating—from the southern cops, from police dogs, from fire department hoses. They actually coached young people how to crouch, cover their heads with their arms and take the beating. They taught people how to go to jail, which terrified most decent people.
And you know what? The worst of the worst, wasn't that bad.
Once people had been beaten, had dogs sicced on them, had fire hoses sprayed on them, and been thrown in jail, you know what happened?
These magnificent young black people began singing freedom songs in jail.
That, my friends, is what ended the terrorism of the south. Confronting your worst fears, living through it, and breaking out in a deep throated freedom song. The jailers knew they had lost when they beat the crap out of these young Negroes and the jailed, beaten young people began to sing joyously, first in one town then in another. This is what the writer, James Baldwin, captured like no other writer of the era.
Please let this sink in. It wasn't marches or speeches. It was taking a severe beating, surviving and realizing that our fears were mostly illusory and that we were free.
So yes, Dr. King had many other goals, many other more transcendent, non-racial, policy goals, goals that apply to white people too, like ending poverty, reducing the war-like aspects of our foreign policy, promoting the New Deal goal of universal employment, and so on. But their main accomplishment was ending 200 years of racial terrorism, by getting black people to confront their fears. So please don't tell me that Martin Luther King's dream has not been achieved, unless you knew what racial terrorism was like back then and can make a convincing case you still feel it today. If you did not go through that transition, you're not qualified to say that the dream was not accomplished.
That is what Dr. King did—not march, not give good speeches. They crisscrossed the south organizing people, helping them not be afraid, and encouraging them, like Gandhi did in India, to take the beating that they had been trying to avoid all their lives.
Once the beating was over, we were free.
It wasn't the Civil Rights Act, or the Voting Rights Act or the Fair Housing Act that freed us. It was taking the beating and thereafter not being afraid. So, sorry Mrs. Clinton, as much as I admire you, you were wrong on this one. Our people freed ourselves and those Acts, as important as they were, were only white people officially recognizing what we had done.
Police launch murder investigation after incident in Walthamstow – one day after 23-year-old dies after Uxbridge attack
A 17-year-old boy has died after they were discovered by paramedics in north-east London on Sunday night with a serious stab injury, police said.
London ambulance service (LAS) called police at 11.31pm after finding the teenager on High Street, Walthamstow, after reports of a stabbing. The boy was taken to hospital but died shortly afterwards, according to the Metropolitan police.
Detectives from the Met's homicide and major crime command have launched a murder investigation. No arrests have been made.
The victim's next of kin has been informed. However, there has been no formal identification and their name has not been released.
The LAS said: “We were called at 11.29pm yesterday to High Street, E17, to reports of a stabbing. We sent an ambulance crew and single responder in a car to the scene. We treated one patient – a male – and took them as a priority to hospital.”
A crime scene blocked about 100 metres of the western end of High Street, a busy shopping area, on Monday morning. The Guardian understands that the incident that led to the stabbing began around the corner from where the youth was found, in the car park of a Lidl supermarket.
It was the second fatal stabbing on the streets of London at the weekend. Detectives were appealing for witnesses and information after a 23-year-old man who was found stabbed in Uxbridge at 1am on Saturday morning died shortly after arriving at hospital.
Beyond the blade: marking the death of every child and teen by a knife in 2017 Read more
The 17-year-old's death brings to 15 the number of teenagers and children killed in the UK this year, according to Guardian figures. It comes amid a spate of knife killings in London that has prompted Scotland Yard to renew its anti-knife initiative, Operation Sceptre.
New measures include a squad of 80 officers to carry out “murder suppression” operations, including intensified stop and search, in areas considered to be at high risk, the officer in charge, DCS Michael Gallagher, told the Guardian last week.
Schools are also being urged to install metal-detecting knife arches to discourage children from carrying blades in their school bags.
Pair of Sandhill Cranes at Sunset West of Dunes. View the park's Flickr page for this and other photos from the park and preserve. NPS/Patrick Myers
Great Sand Dunes Flickr Page
View the the most recent photos of the park on our Flickr page. These photos are all taken within the last five years, and include the latest park images. They are available for free to download in a variety of sizes, from full size to PowerPoint to web size. Maximum-resolution .tif versions of all these images, images on this website, and many other images, are available by request. Please contact our media coordinator at 719-378-6343, or send an email. All NPS images are public domain, and may be used for any private, public, or press use. Please credit "NPS Photo".
Other Photo Galleries
These two galleries contain high resolution 300dpi .jpg photos that may be downloaded directly from the gallery. Maximum-resolution .tif versions of all these images, images on this website, and many other images, are available by request. Please contact our media coordinator at 719-378-6343, or send an email. All NPS images are public domain, and may be used for any private, public, or press use. Please use the credit listed or simply "NPS Photo".
A dad who says they found the torso of a cat that had been "beheaded" during the school run suspects it is the latest victim of the M25 cat killer.
The Bromley Common resident, who asked to be named only as James, was taking their daughter to school this morning (September 30) when they noticed the body of a black cat at the side Salisbury Road, at the Southborough Lane Junction.
Last week, a black cat's severed head was found in Hayfield Road, Orpington, and they think it could be linked.
James told News Shopper: "It looks like it has been beheaded and not gnawed by an animal.
"I think this may be part of a bigger picture.
MORE TOP STORIES
"I don't know if it's linked to the head found last week and somebody kept the body in the fridge or freezer.
"It looks like it has been discarded from a car - not like an animal attacked it.
"And I've seen cats that have been hit by cars and this is completely different.
"There is definitely a pattern here."
This is the latest in a spate of felines finds dead, thought to be the work of a serial cat killer targeting the pets of south London.
South Norwood Animal Rescue and Liberty (Snarl) have been investigating since February 2016 and have attributed 31 cat deaths to the killer.
They have identified particular hallmarks linking the attacks - the alleged killer mutilates their victims by decapitating them or cutting off their paws.
Snarl have said this cat was the victim of a road traffic accident.
A spokesperson for the RSPCA said:
"The RSPCA takes all calls about animal welfare very seriously and there is a dedicated team continuing to work closely with the police and looking into all evidence given to us surrounding cat deaths to see if there is deliberate cruelty involved.
"Every case is being looked at individually.
"Some are found to have definite links to the other deaths, but some of the cases we are called about turn out to be unconnected.
"It is too soon to say whether this particular cat, found so recently, is connected or not.
"The priority for the RSPCA is to do all we can to find out what has happened and we urge anyone with any information at all about how any of these cats died, or how they came to have their heads and tails removed, to call us on 0300 123 8018."
Allahabad Bank was the top gainer, up 4.9% while India's largest lender SBI was up 1.37%. (Image: PTI)
The Union Cabinet has reportedly given an in-principle approval for merger of PSU banks, paving the way for the government's ambitious plan for consolidation among state-run lenders to help them gain efficiency and scale. Public sector bank shares surged on the news, with the Nifty PSU Bank index gaining as much as 1.8% to 3,290.4 points. Allahabad Bank was the top gainer, up 4.9%, while Bank of India shares jumped 3.8%; Punjab National Bank rose 3.44%; Bank of Baroda gained 1.6%; and India's largest lender SBI was up 1.37%.
The government is pushing for consolidation among the state-run banks in order to help the lenders gain efficiency and scale, and operate without the support of repeated capital infusion to bolster their balance sheets. The government is reported to be mulling creating six large public sector banks of global scale, also with an aim to help the smaller banks with weaker balance sheets get support from the larger ones with strong finances.
The development comes close on the heels of State Bank of India's move to merge its five associate banks and Bhartiya Mahila Bank with itself effective April 1. The merger will further expand the size of State Bank of India, which, with over 500 million customers now, would be counted among the top 50 banks in the world. The merged entity now has a deposit base of more than Rs 26 lakh crore and advances level of Rs 18.50 lakh crore.
TV news channels ET Now and CNBC TV18 reported citing unidentified sources that the Union Cabinet has given an in-principle approval for alternative mechanism for PSU banks merger. The reports further said that the public sector banks' boards will themselves decide the final contours of the proposed amalgamation, and will then seek approval from the GoM (Group of Ministers).
CNBC TV18 report said that the names of the banks to be merged with each other would be considered on the basis of four major aspects: 1) Banks to be merged should cover same regions; 2) asset quality of the entities to merged should be comparable; 3) capital adequacy of the banks to be merged should be comparable; and 4) profits of the banks to be merged would also be considered.
Given that India's PSU banks are reeling under the burden of massive stressed assets, it has now become imperative for the government to shore up these lenders finances and strengthen their balance sheets. The central government and the Reserve Bank of India are already working on a recapitalisation plan for public sectors banks. The proposed consolidation is also partly being seen in that direction.
CLOSE Sheriff Joe Arpaio struck a repentant tone on the stand in their contempt of court trial on Thursday. Phoenix
A sketch of Sheriff Joe Arpaio testifying in federal court on April 23, 2015. (Photo: Maggie Keane)
In a bombshell diversion from their contempt-of-court proceedings, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio testified under oath Thursday that their attorneys had hired a private agent to investigate the wife of the federal judge who ruled that the Sheriff's Office had engaged in racial profiling.
The revelation was the result of direct questioning by U.S. District Judge G. Murray Snow himself, who issued a landmark ruling in 2013 that Arpaio's office had profiled Latinos while conducting illegal-immigration operations.
Thursday was Arpaio's second day on the stand for the civil-contempt proceedings, where they and top aides are facing three broad allegations of defying Snow's orders stemming from the discrimination suit.
But the hearing took a dramatic turn after defense and plaintiffs' attorneys finished their examinations, and Snow announced they had some questions of their own.
After questioning Arpaio on the contempt and immigration matters, Snow shifted their focus to some of the sheriff's more-unorthodox operations, namely involving the sheriff's investigations into public officials. Snow based their questions on allegations cited in a June Phoenix New Times article, and provided a copy for Arpaio to read on the stand.
EDITORIAL: Arpaio's court performance is almost pitiable
MONTINI: Is Sheriff Joe Arpaio having their Evan Mecham moment?
ROBERTS: Arpaio investigates their enemies? Say it isn't so!
Snow launched into their interrogation after noting concerns with Arpaio's decision to transfer a commander from a unit dedicated to clandestine operations into a unit that ensures deputies behave ethically.
The implications of Snow's questioning were not immediately clear, but testimony offered a murky glimpse into some of the Sheriff's Office's alleged secret pet projects, with Arpaio conceding that the agency employed unreliable informants, private investigators and an unknown amount of public funds to investigate Arpaio's political enemies.
Arpaio carefully skirted Snow's line of questioning at the beginning, and only under intense scrutiny provided details of the covert mission.
Arpaio said they had come into the possession of an e-mail from a tipster who claimed to have met Snow's wife at a restaurant, and that Snow's wife said the judge "wanted to do everything to make sure I'm not elected."
Arpaio said their counsel then hired a private investigator to look into the matter.
"Results confirmed that your wife was in that restaurant," Arpaio told Snow. "I guess (the investigator) talked to the witness, confirmed that that remark was made."
Snow additionally questioned Arpaio about a second investigation also related to Snow. Arpaio acknowledged that some time in 2013, county funds were used to conduct investigations into the Department of Justice, which is leading an ongoing racial-profiling lawsuit against the Sheriff's Office.
Arpaio said an informant had indicated that the DOJ had been penetrating Arpaio's e-mails as well as those of local attorneys and judges. Arpaio indicated that Snow was one of the judges but said they later conceded that their informant was unreliable.
But Mel McDonald, a former U.S. attorney who will represent Arpaio should the current civil-contempt case be referred for criminal proceedings, said the full story has not yet been told.
"There's been no evidence that the sheriff ordered the judge's wife to be investigated," they told reporters after Thursday's hearing. McDonald told reporters to show up today to hear testimony from Chief Deputy Jerry Sheridan.
History of political targets
It's not the first time Arpaio has apparently flexed their investigative muscle to target a political enemy.
During the 2004 race for sheriff, Arpaio's office opened a rape investigation into their opponent, Dan Saban, stemming from a 1970s-era allegation.
Perhaps the most notorious demonstration of this practice came between 2008 and 2009, when Arpaio and then-Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Thomas launched a series of government "corruption" investigations, and filed indictments against former county Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox, Superior Court Judge Gary Donahoe and others.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
But the charges later crumbled when it became clear that there was no real basis for the allegations and no federal statutes specifically authorized Arpaio and Thomas' actions.
The investigative tactics that detectives used in probing allegations against county officials prompted a U.S. Department of Justice criminal abuse-of-power investigation into the Sheriff's Office.
Thomas was eventually disbarred, but no federal criminal charges were filed against them or Arpaio. The decision not to prosecute Arpaio was widely considered to be based more on the difficulty of securing a conviction rather than a testament of the agency's innocence.
It's also not the first time the Sheriff's Office has fixed its energies on a presiding judge's family.
The first judge on the initial racial-profiling case, U.S. District Judge Mary Murguia, recused themselves in 2009 after the Sheriff's Office complained about statements that their twin sister, Janet, had made in their role as leader of a national Latino rights group. Snow took over the case soon after.
On Thursday, Arpaio did not explicitly name the "counsel" who they said hired the private investigator but indicated it may have been their former defense attorney on the racial-profiling case, Tim Casey.
When asked about the implication, Casey's attorney Karen Clark said that Casey has ongoing ethical obligations to their former clients in the Sheriff's Office that limit their ability to respond.
However, they said, "He is confident that when the evidence the (court ordered) monitor is gathering is reviewed, it will reveal that they were never involved in an investigation of Judge Snow or their family."
When asked whether the Maricopa County Attorney's Office had knowledge of investigations Arpaio mentioned Thursday, county attorney spokesperson Jerry Cobb issued the following response:
"We do not comment on whether there is an investigation, particularly where nothing has been presented to our office to take any action."
Implications for the case
Legal experts agree that it's not immediately clear what the day's revelations mean for the contempt proceedings, the racial-profiling case as a whole or Snow's status as the presiding judge.
"It is contemptuous behavior on its face," said Paul Charlton, former U.S. Attorney now in private practice. "And it is information deserving of further investigation to determine if other criminal misconduct occurred here."
Charlton said Arpaio's investigation could prompt the DOJ to reopen the earlier criminal abuse-of-power probe.
Jean-Jacques Cabou, a Phoenix-based attorney who has worked with the American Civil Liberties Union on local civil-rights cases, said the public should be concerned about the agency's covert operations.
"The revelation that Sheriff Arpaio, based simply on comments allegedly made in a restaurant, directed an investigation into the family of the federal judge presiding over the racial profiling case involving MCSO is simply frightening," they said by e-mail.
Dan Pochoda, one of the lead plaintiffs' attorneys of ACLU of Arizona, said they believe that, for now, Arpaio's admissions will have little impact on the current contempt case.
The tie-in, Pochoda said, will likely become clearer today when Sheridan takes the stand. It was reportedly Sheridan who transferred the commander into the professional standards bureau.
Quotable:
"Are you aware of anybody who has investigated any of my family members," Snow asked Arpaio.
The federal judge did not flinch when Arpaio confirmed the probe.
What's next:
Snow appeared to be done with their line of questioning of Arpaio when the hearing broke for lunch. Arpaio's attorneys will likely have an opportunity to question the sheriff early Thursday afternoon.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1yXC59s
A King County Superior Court judge has ruled that the state Department of Ecology must reconsider a petition from young climate activists seeking a crackdown on state emissions of greenhouse gases.
Eight students who unsuccessfully petitioned the state Department of Ecology to crack down on carbon emissions gained an initial legal victory in King County Superior Court.
Citing what they called the “historical lack of political will to respond adequately to the urgent and dire acceleration of global warming,” Judge Hollis Hill ruled the petition must be reconsidered.
They set a July 8 deadline for the department to report back to the court.
Sea Change Ocean acidification threatens to scramble marine life on a scale almost too big to fathom. Read and watch the Seattle Times special report "Sea Change: The Pacific's Perilous Turn." Ocean acidification threatens to scramble marine life on a scale almost too big to fathom. Read and watch the Seattle Times special report "Sea Change: The Pacific's Perilous Turn." Read more
The petition, filed by the youth activists' attorneys, argues the Ecology Department is required to come up with tough new standards for cutting carbon emissions and put the state on a path to meet them.
Carbon emissions resulting from fossil-fuel combustion are a major driver of climate change, and Gov. Jay Inslee has made reducing them a high-profile goal of their administration.
Inslee has been unsuccessful this year in convincing the Legislature to pass a cap- and-trade program to cut carbon emissions. That effort has been opposed by the oil industry.
The legal battle was initiated by young climate activists in elementary, middle and high school who wanted to be more involved in efforts to cut carbon emissions, according to Andrea Rodgers, of the Western Environmental Law Center.
Last year, their organization joined with Our Children's Trust in filing the initial petition for rule-making that was rejected by the Ecology Department.
In the subsequent lawsuit, their attorneys argued that the state Department of Ecology, even without additional legislative action, already has enough authority under the Clean Air Act and other statutes to move forward with a major carbon-reduction plan.
“The Legislature has not acted, and the plain and simple truth is that somebody has to act,” said Rodgers, of the Western Environmental Law Center.
Inslee has proposed some action that does not require new legislation.
They have proposed an executive order that would lead to development of a program to reduce the carbon content in motor fuels. That proposal has generated a backlash from the oil industry, and Republicans have crafted legislative language that would try to discourage Inslee from moving ahead with it.
And, in their response to the students' lawsuit, state attorneys did not dispute that the Ecology Department has legal authority to adopt additional greenhouse-gas standards.
But they argued the department is not required to adopt any more standards.
Hollis, in their decision, did not weigh in on the scope of the Department of Ecology's powers to regulate carbon emission, or what — if any additional — actions should be taken.
Instead, their ruling focused more attention on another issue brought up in the lawsuit.
The lawsuit called for the state Department of Ecology to come up with more aggressive goals for reducing greenhouse gases to reflect the current, the best science. The state target for 2050 is a 50 percent reduction.
The plaintiffs say the department should recommend to the Legislature a goal of 80 percent reduction by midcentury.
The judge indicated there is enough new evidence to justify the Department of Ecology's reconsidering the children's petition.
Image caption The brains of Alzheimer's patients - like the one on the left - are more shrunken than normal ones
Genetic markers that could help highlight who is at risk of developing Alzheimer's disease have been identified by US scientists.
The research in Neuron identifies mutations that affect the build-up of certain proteins in the brain.
High levels of these tau proteins increase the chance of having the disease.
UK experts said the study could help understand the changes that occur in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
Tangles of a kind of tau called phosphorylated tau (ptau) are a hallmark of the disease.
One of the new gene variants identified by the Washington University School of Medicine team was also shown to be linked to a small increased risk of developing Alzheimer's and a greater risk of cognitive decline.
The team used genetic information from more than 1,200 people, significantly larger than previous studies in this area.
Dr Alison Goate, who led the study, said: "We anticipate that knowledge about the role of these genes in Alzheimer's disease may lead to the identification of new targets from therapies or new animal or cellular models of the disease.
Lifestyle 'plays a role'
UK experts said the study adds to the number of genetic markers that have been linked to the development of Alzheimer's disease.
Dr Doug Brown, director of research and development at the Alzheimer's Society, said: "In discovering new genes that have a link to Alzheimer's, this robust study helps scientists to better understand the way the brain changes when dementia develops.
"Research such as this may in the future help us to engineer treatments aimed at stopping such changes and therefore slowing or stopping the effects of dementia."
They added: "These new gene markers, as important as they are, are likely to be a few of many that might affect a person's risk of developing Alzheimer's.
"However, it is important to stress that lifestyle factors also play a role, and research has shown that eating a balanced diet, exercising regularly, not smoking, and getting your blood pressure and cholesterol checked regularly are key ways to reduce your risk of dementia."
If you're a parent trying to give your child the best education possible, I would worry about teacher quality and your own involvement in your little one's intellectual development before I'd worry about class size. I'm not saying that having 19 children per room isn't preferable to 23. I'm just saying that the student-to-teacher ratio won't matter a tremendous amount if your son's teacher thinks four plus twelve equals purple or you want your kid to memorize the chronology of WWE champions instead of U.S. presidents.
So if little Bryden (because that's what boys are named these days, in case you hadn't already given up on humanity) has a bit of an overcrowded class, but a solid teacher and great support from you, don't let anybody convince you that you're selfishly endangering their education if you don't turn your life upside down by moving to a slightly less-congested school district.
Likewise, if you're a Christian parent trying to give your child the best spiritual formation possible, don't let anyone convince you that you're selfish for not making the size of a congregation your number one priority. In particular, don't let megachurch pastor Andy Stanley convince you that you're endangering your child's soul if you don't attend a large congregation.
If you're a bit confused by Stanley's accusation (one that, to their credit, they quickly recanted), here's what they meant: Making friends at church is what keeps people in the faith, and the more kids your church has, the more opportunities your children will have to make friends. Therefore, if you attend a congregation that only has enough kids for a joint middle school/high school youth group, you're reducing your kids' friend-making potential and thus putting them at risk.
It doesn't matter if the local megachurch's Christology is wonky enough to keep you at a smaller parish or if the mid-sized flock you belong to is where you and your kids were both baptized and confirmed, apparently. To Stanley, it would be better for you to have a millstone hung around your neck and be thrown into the sea than that you should cause your first-year student to share a bag of Doritos and a TeenzAlive! Study Bible with a seventh grader.
Think Substance Over Packaging
But just as classroom size isn't as big a factor in a child's intellectual development as are teachers and parents who are committed to their education, so congregation size isn't as big a factor in a child's spiritual care as are pastors and parents who are committed to feeding them with the gospel.
Congregation size isn't as big a factor in a child's spiritual care as are pastors and parents who are committed to feeding them with the gospel.
If, for example, your kids rarely encounter your congregation's pastor because they exile them to more “age-appropriate worship” during the Sunday morning service, if they don't know your kids' names, if their shepherd never actually, well, shepherds them, then it won't particularly matter how many other kids kick beach balls around the youth room while the guy Christ sent to feed their little lambs is ignoring them.
Likewise, if your pastor pays plenty of attention to your kids, but doesn't actually proclaim the gospel to them—if all they see in the pulpit is an ordained John Kasich saying that, golly gee, all God wants is for us to hug our friends and be swell to each other, it won't matter if they hear zero words of Christ's gospel with five or five hundred kids their age.
When Pastors and Parents Take Church Seriously
Similarly, if you think that praying with your kids and reading the Bible to them and telling them that Christ has won eternal life for them is not your job, but exclusively the job of your congregation, if you treat church the way that many parents treat public schools, then, when your kids grow up, they'll likely stop going to church for the same reason they stopped going to high school—because, in their minds, they graduated. And it won't matter how many Sunday School friends your children have, because not even the perfect number can unteach what you've taught—namely that they've moved past needing to feed at Christ's altar, font, and pulpit,
If you treat church the way that many parents treat public schools, then, when your kids grow up, they'll likely stop going to church for the same reason they stopped going to high school.
But if your kids are blessed with a pastor who is actively involved in your children's spiritual lives, a less-than-ideal number of fellow five-year-olds for them to stab in the eye with a green branch on Palm Sunday isn't going to snatch them out of Christ's hands.
For generations, pastors of small, mid-size, and large congregations have kept their little lambs in the faith by walking into the pulpit each week and not walking out again until they've told those lambs that their sins and sorrows have all been drowned in the blood of Christ forever. They've done this by walking into the hospital at three in the morning with Bible in hand as those kids were getting prepped for emergency surgery. They've done this by speaking only words of forgiveness after those kids have confessed the worst of their sins to them and never looking at those children any differently post-absolution.
Granted, this kind of pastoral care can't really be offered by pastors to 36,000 people spread across six campuses, but it has been and still is and will continue to be offered by faithful pastors around the world of varying non-mega sizes.
The Immunization for Unbelief
Likewise, if your kids grow up seeing how important the gospel is to you both inside and outside the sanctuary, the size of your congregation will be irrelevant. For example, when my grandfather was a young man, they contracted polio and never walked again. But every Sunday morning, they would pack their family into the car to go to St Paul's Lutheran Church. During the harsh Minnesota winters, their crutches would often slip on the icy pavement. But winter after winter, year after year, they kept dusting the snow off their bloody knees and picking themselves back up to bring their children to Jesus.
If their pastors take church seriously and if their parents take church seriously, kids are far more likely to remain Christians as adults.
By doing that, and by reading the Bible to their children every night, praying with them and teaching them to trust in and share Christ's forgiveness, this man who was never immunized against polio immunized their children against unbelief. Because their children saw faith mattered to him, it mattered to them, which meant their little church in a little town called Montevideo was just as equipped to bring them salvation as any giant congregation in the Twin Cities.
Granted, when dealing in things beyond flesh and blood, nothing is ever guaranteed. Sometimes children brought by the most faithful parents to the most faithful congregations fall away, and sometimes the Holy Spirit creates faith in the hearts of those who never saw their folks crack a Bible and whose only exposure to the church was an eighth grade youth lock-in where some old lady yelled at them for mixing the M&Ms with the Skittles. But, by and large, if their pastors take church seriously and if their parents take church seriously, kids are far more likely to remain Christians as adults.
So if you want what's best for your children's souls, don't worry about the size of the youth group. Instead, find a congregation with a pastor who always points your kids to Christ and their salvation, focus on pointing your children to the same Savior every day, and go to sleep in peace at night, knowing that you don't have to worry about anything else.
Greetings Pioneers!
More delicious progress has been made in the way of art this week, with landscape details coming into being and new tilesets for the various abandoned structures around the world being textured up. Our pipelines are also being refined to speed up the environment development process as we progress.
We've also been continuing development of the 3rd person movement now that you can see yourself run around from the perspective of a disembodied spectator (or camera if you prefer).
John – Lead Designer
They call me the juggler, the puzzle solver, the dynamic dancer, the Instant inspector. I move and weave in and out of all development areas like a warming breeze. Collating information and relaying back to the holy spreadsheet, the magnificent matrix, the holy document. Firing up the workflow wizard. This is the magic that turns the wheels of the machine and stops them from falling off. I am the glue man.
Alex – Designer
I've moved on from the relay hero piece and am now on task texturing the modular assets for our “Maintenance kit”. You'll see these used in a few places but predominantly in Dam area.
As we are using modular kits, I've started by making some high detail trims and tiling sheets, to which i'll be unwrapping the kit too, This workflow speeds up the texturing/unwrap processes and gives us more variation to a high quality standard with much less work in the end, so that we can get these assets out to release much faster for you guys 🙂
Lee – Technical Director
This week I have been re-checking everything that has changed with the AI to make sure its all working the way I expect in world. I've also been looking into managing the creation and destruction of AI to try and eliminate some of the garbage collection overhead.
Tristan – Lead Developer
I have gone to another end of the earth (Nepal this time) for the wondrous post wedding formality that is known as the ‘honeymoon'. I always thought the moon was made of cheese and not honey.. So the term still perplexes me. See you all in the never ending world of 1's and 0's when I get back from tasting the moon of honey.
Joe – Lead Artist
Spent the week basking in the all the glorious art being produced by the other guys! I've been hashing out pipelines with Alex with regards to the modular sets so that we can hopefully end up with a huge visual variety of playable areas without it taking too long to get it out to you guys 🙂 First up is the “Maintenance” set which will form the basis of a large portion of our interior areas.
Tom W – Designer
Things have really progressed this week, with the pre-terraformed landscape material just about complete. Emphasis needs to be placed on the “pre-terraformed” part, we'll definitely still be getting the lush jungle areas you're all used to!
It'll need to be refined in future with regards to things like different sub-biomes, but overall it's looking really good both close-up and far away. The system has been designed to be completely procedural, allowing the level designers to focus on the important gameplay related tasks, rather than laboriously hand-placing individual rocks and clumps of grass across the the entire world.
Matt – Art Director
Now we have the new characters on the ground in third person running about, it was quite obvious that the ground level visuals still need more work to ensure it fits with the higher level of detail. Tom in particular has been working towards surface details that are automatically generated, yet will also provide enough variety to ensure not one spot on the ground looks the same.
I've been tasked with some tough decisions over the level and ultimately a lot will be changing (for the better) to cater for some of these new procedural elements. This is something I want ready for our next big update, full steam ahead folks! Toot toot.
Lauren – Lead Animator
This week I have been a bit under the weather but have been working on third person animations for all those lovely Axe swings. I have also been continuing to refine animations and blending, while fixing up various blueprint bits to get the third person axe showing up in the third person hands, now if it would only cause damage 😉
Andy – Lead QA
I've spend most of my week looking at collision issues we have been having with the lovely new terrain rocks Matt and Tom have main. I also had a lot of fun looking into networking this week with Matt and by a lot of fun I mean it was soul destroying. haha
See you in the fray!
-Team Flix
WOLF BLITZER: Senate Democrats have now pulled the trigger on what's called the nuclear option in a dramatic and historic move just moments ago. The Senate voted to change the rules of the United States Senate making it easier to end filibusters. The Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, say theirs took the action because of republicans blocking President Obama's nominees. Republicans, however, call it a power grab and a smoke screen to shift focus away from Obamacare. Let's discuss what's going on. Republican Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky is joining us from Capitol Hill. We just heard Harry Reid make the case for this historic decision. I want to get your reaction. Go ahead, senator.
SENATOR RAND PAUL: I think what we really need is an anti-bullying ordinance in the Senate. I mean, now we've got a big bully, Harry Reid says he's just going to break the rules and make new rules. Never been done this way before. Typically you have to have a two-thirds vote to change the rules and there has to be consensus and there's tradition. But he's breaking the rules to get their way. Meanwhile, we have a bill right now, we have several amendments lined up, but he's disallowing amendments. He's got to have everything their way; he's got to control everything. This is more about them trying to control the agenda and shift it away from Obama care than it is anything else.
WOLF BLITZER: They make the point that you, the republicans, have blocked the nominations of three potential judges on the U.S. district court of appeals in Washington, D.C., for no reason other than you don't want the president to have these nominees in place, they would be influential judges for many years to come. These are lifetime appointments. And they say this is totally unfair on the Republican part.
PAUL: Well, it's untrue what he's saying because, frankly, the argument using is the same argument that they and the democrat minority argued in 2006, when they said the case load for the D.C. circuit has dropped so precipitously that what we really need is to transfer judges to other circuits that are busier, what we offered to do, which is a compromise. He's saying I'm in charge, I'm a bully, I'm going to get my way or change the rules. Never been done. He's breaking with hundreds of years of precedent to do this. In doing so he's causing more discord and disharmony here, and there will be more dysfunction, I think, because of it.
by
On Friday May 30, just a few days before the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced details of its carbon rule proposal, the Obama Administration awarded offshore oil leases to ExxonMobil in an area of the Gulf of Mexico potentially containing over 172 million barrels of oil.
The U.S. Department of Interior‘s (DOI) Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) proclaimed in a May 30 press release that the ExxonMobil offshore oil lease is part of “President Obama's all-of-the-above energy strategy to continue to expand safe and responsible domestic energy production.”
Secretary of Interior Sally Jewell formerly worked as a petroleum engineer for Mobil, purchased as a wholly-owned subsidiary by Exxon in 1998.
Dubbed a “Private Empire” by investigative reporter Steve Coll, ExxonMobil will now have access to oil and gas in the Alaminos Canyon Area, located 170 miles east of Port Isabel, Texas. Port Isabel borders spring break and tourist hot spot South Padre Island.
ExxonMobil originally won the three leases at the Western Planning Area Sale 233, held on March 19. BOEM records show ExxonMobil was the only company to participate in the bid and paid over $21.3 million.
Transboundary Agreement Opens Floodgates
The U.S.-Mexico Transboundary Hydrocarbon Agreement signed into law by President Obama on December 23, 2013 — a key precursor to the ongoing debate over Mexico's oil and gas industry reforms — served as the legal backdrop for BOEM awarding ExxonMobil with the lease.
“With the Agreement now in full force, we can make additional oil and gas along the resource-rich boundary between the United States and Mexico available and we have a clear process by which both governments can provide the necessary oversight to ensure exploration and development activities are conducted safely and responsibly,” Secretary Jewell said in a press release.
“These leases represent a significant step forward in U.S.-Mexico cooperation in energy production and pave the way for future energy and environmental collaboration.”
Over 1.5 million offshore acres opened for business as a result of the Transboundary Agreement.
Through the Agreement, U.S. companies agreed to develop the area jointly with Mexican state-owned company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex).
Mexico's legislature is now debating the details of secondary legislation, coming after the country signed constitutional amendments in December 2013. The constitutional amendments-secondary legislation one-two punch will open up the rest of Mexico's onshore and offshore oil and gas reserves to international oil and gas companies, working in partnership with Pemex.
According to a May 6 article appearing in Upstream Online, the legislature will open up an “extraordinary session” to debate the secondary legislation sometime this month.
“Five Year Program”
Beyond the Transboundary Hydrocarbon Agreement, in February the Obama Administration announced it would be opening up over 40 million acres of offshore land for oil and gas development, also doing so under the “all-of-the-above” banner.
“These lease sales underscore the President's commitment to create jobs through the safe and responsible exploration and development of the Nation's domestic energy resources,” Secretary Jewell said in a press release at the time.
“The Five Year Program reflects this Administration's determination to facilitate the orderly development while protecting the human, marine and coastal environments, and ensuring a fair return to American taxpayers.”
“Stove Pipe” Energy Policy
Not everyone is confident about the Obama Administration's ability “to facilitate the orderly development while protecting the human, marine and coastal environments,” though, particularly given the climate change and ecological impacts of offshore drilling.
And that's to say nothing about the myriad shortcomings of the EPA carbon rule itself, which an article in Bloomberg Businessweek jovially described as doing “the power industry a big favor.”
“The Obama Administration has had a problem of stove-pipe energy policy: announcing separate, often competing policies when it comes to reducing emissions,” Tyson Slocum, director of Public Citizen‘s energy program, told DeSmogBlog.
Steve Horn is a Madison, WI-based freelance investigative journalist and Research Fellow at DeSmogBlog, where this piece first appeared.
Love them or hate him, former Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) heavyweight kingpin Frank Mir, who fights Daniel Cormier at UFC on FOX 7 later this month in San Jose, Calif., is a dangerous fighter.
Just ask Tim Sylvia and Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira.
Both "The Maniac" and "Minotauro" had their arms snapped at the expense of the muscular grappler, who also holds wins by way of kneebar, toe hold and inside shoulder lock, among others. Simply put, the ground is the last place you want to be in a Frank Mir fight.
Just ask him, he'll tell you (via MMA Fighting):
"[He has] nothing to lose. They go out and fights somebody else that's lower ranked, and they come out and loses, they lose a lot of stock. They go out against me, changes levels, takes a shot. I guillotine them and choke them out in, let's say, 40 seconds. Does it really take anything away from their stock? No. They can still stand up and go, ‘Well guys, I got submitted by Mir, [joined] the laundry list of people that have been submitted by him. I'm going to go to light heavyweight.' And they still have all the same momentum they had when they first started. All their fans will be able to just remark on the fact that, ‘Well, you know, Mir caught him. They stepped in right off the bat. That's Mir, you know? Mir catches a lot of people.' So they can actually lose and not lose anything. I think they have kind of a false sense of security [after] fighting against Josh [Barnett]. You know, they feel like, ‘Well, Josh caught me and couldn't finish me.' Barnett's a great grappler, but he's not known for smashing people's limbs off. If I catch something, and it's close, I put people in the hospital. How many bones has Barnett broken? How many people has they put in the hospital? Anybody at heavyweight can hope for a knockout. But I hunt them down and see them. And as far as submissions go, if they make a mistake, then I'll take one of their limbs home."
On the flip side, all six of Mir's losses have come by way of knockout or technical knockout.
That means the undefeated Cormier (11-0), who rose to mixed martial arts (MMA) superstardom under the Strikeforce banner, may want to leave their Olympic-caliber wrestling at the door. That would ordinarily spell doom for a mat technician, but "DC" also has quick hands and knockout power.
"Bigfoot" Silva can attest to that.
We're less than two weeks away from fight night, Maniacs, so let's start hearing some of those predictions. Anyone thinks Cormier is going home on crutches? Or will Mir be the latest high-profile heavyweight to succumb to the grand prix champ?
Amidst questions about the Trump administration's commitment to an Obamacare replacement bill released by House Republicans Monday night, Rep. Thomas Massie expressed their own doubts about the president's allegiance.
In a Tuesday afternoon interview, Massie told the Washington Examiner, "I'm just not yet buying that this is Trump's plan."
Massie, a libertarian-leaning Congressman who has generally supported Trump, called the House plan a "swamp creature" and a "stinking pile of garbage" written by the insurance lobby.
Though President Trump called the House bill "wonderful" in a Tuesday morning tweet, they also called for "review and negotiation" and previewed as many as three additional phases of the "rollout."
In a formal endorsement of the bill made explicitly on behalf of the Trump administration, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price referred to it as a "first step." Then, at a press conference later in the day, Price declined to endorse every component of the bill, calling it a "work in progress" that is "likely to undergo various changes before it becomes law."
In their interview with the Examiner, Massie cited broader divergences between the "Better Way" agenda pushed by House Speaker Paul Ryan (whom Massie voted against on the floor in January) and the agenda on which Donald Trump campaigned and won. "In the first two months, we've been papering over those huge differences," Massie explained, "and I think it's about to come out."
Emily Jashinsky is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
In the paper, the economists examine data from the quarterly Duke University/CFO Magazine Global Business Outlook survey conducted in September 2012, which asked chief financial officers across companies of various sizes questions related to their spending plans.
The main findings:
The vast majority of CFOs indicate that their investment plans are quite insensitive to potential decreases in their borrowing costs. Only 8% of firms would increase investment if borrowing costs declined 100 basis points, and an additional 8% would respond to a decrease of 100 to 200 basis points.
Strikingly, 68% did not expect any decline in interest rates would induce more investment.
In addition, we find that firms expect to be somewhat more sensitive to an increase in interest rates. Still, only 16% of firms would reduce investment in response to a 100 basis point increase, and another 15% would respond to an increase of 100 to 200 basis points.
In short, most firms wouldn't invest more if long-term interest rates were lower, and the majority wouldn't invest less as long as those rates weren't more than 300 basis points higher.
A sharp rise in long-term rates over the course of 2013 allowed Sharpe and Suarez to validate these results with follow-up questions asked in the same survey a year later:
how to ao3 savior, an updated tutorial
Frustrated or triggered because of that one tag/ship/fic/author that keeps showing up while you browse ao3? Here's step-by-step guide to blacklisting à la tumblr savior on Archive of our Own.
(It's been a while since I posted the first tutorial on ao3 savior 1.1. Ao3 savior is now on version 1.3, so I decided it was time to create a newer, more comprehensive tutorial. If anything in the tutorial is unclear or inaccurate, please leave a note in my ask box and I will try to address the issue.)
LAST EDITED: 18 SEPTEMBER 2014 Ao3 Savior is a clone of tumblr savior developed by greasyfork.org member tuff_ghost (not me), who has also authored a number of other scripts for ao3. Instructions for installation and use depend on the internet browser you use. Please refer to this page for more detailed instructions. See section 1 for Chrome (and other Chrome-based browsers). Skim section one and then skip to section 2 for Firefox. 1. AO3 SAVIOR FOR GOOGLE CHROME USERS To start, you'll need to add an extension to your browser so that you can use scripts to customize the way you view webpages. Install the free Chrome extension tampermonkey (here at the Chrome webstore). Once you've installed tampermonkey and restarted your browser, you'll see the tampermonkey icon at the top right of the window, next to the customization button. For detailed, illustrated instructions on operating tampermonkey, you can visit the official website.
When you click the tampermonkey icon, you'll get a drop-down menu. From that menu, select ‘get new scripts'. This will open a new window to userscripts.org, a database of user-uploaded scripts. Search for “ao3 savior”, or follow this link directly to the script's overview page. [ETA 18 Sept 2014 since userscripts.org is now defunct, ao3 savior (as well as tuff_ghost's other userscripts) are now hosted on greasyfork.org. Thank you to tumblr user cherishedsaulie for bringing this to my attention.]
Hit the green “install this script” button. Chrome will ask you for confirmation. Click “add” when prompted. Once you've added ao3 savior, go back to the tampermonkey drop-down menu and select “dashboard”. The tampermonkey dashboard will open in a new tab. From the tampermonkey dashboard, you can access and edit any script you have installed. Double-click the name of the script to go to its menu.
You'll have to go directly into the code to add your blacklisted items, but don't be intimidated, it is very straightforward! All the blacklist-able categories are under the Config section. You can blacklist by author, tag, or summary. The code comes pre-loaded with example blacklist-items. (Look for ‘smeyer' in the author section, and the example blacklisted tags 'dobby' and 'jar jar binks'.) Mimic the format of the examples to add your own blacklist items.
Example time! Say you are in the Supernatural fandom and the ubiquitous ship Destiel is not your cup of tea. On ao3, most (if not all) Destiel fic is tagged 'Castiel/Dean Winchester'. Copy+Paste that tag into the tags blacklist on line 22 of the script:
Notice that the close-bracket turns green when the tag is complete. If the close-bracket is red, you have made a syntax error. Re-check your blacklisted tags and make sure they are all separated by the appropriate quotation marks and commas.
I have published the first version of my new project Firestr (pronounced Fire Star)
It is a simple platform for distributed communication and computation. Imagine a P2P chat program where instead of sending messages of text, sound, or video, you send software, that runs immediately and automatically connected.
In a session with others, you pick an app from your collection and it appears on their machines. The application starts running immediately and all instances are connected to each other automatically.
If your friend or loved one like the program, they can add it to their collection and be able to send it to others.
The apps are currently written in the Lua programming language, but support for others is in the cards. There is a built-in code editor, that also works in a distributed way. You can work on a program with a buddy.
As a fellow nerd, I want my son to at least try programming when they get old enough. When I started, it was actually very easy because we had languages like BASIC where I can draw and play with quickly.
This is the goal of Firestr. Make it so easy that children can start programming immediately and share their creation with their friends. The programs they write can be stood alone, or interconnected. They don't have to understand network programming to make programs that work across the network. A child understands the idea of passing a note to another, and this is how Firestr works.
Many ask “How is this different than web apps?”. There are several key differences between this and the web.
1. It is a push model, not a pull model. Software is not downloaded from someone, but uploaded to someone.
2. It is decentralized. The web is built around a server/client model. Web servers are centralized modes of communication and have to be on the public internet to function across the internet. Firestr is based on a P2P model, and communication happens between peers instead of through a central server. WebRTC tech is pushing browsers into a hybrid server/client and P2P model. I am excited about that.
3. There is only one language to know, Lua. Web programming requires knowledge of several languages and is a difficult barrier. HTML, CSS, Javascript, and some back end language, XML, databases, the list goes on an on.
4. Eventually, all communication between Firestr instances will be encrypted. I am working towards encrypted only communication.
5. Built on a trust network. You have to be deliberate to connect to people you do not know. This means you can trust others to send you non malicious software. And because all apps can be cloned and edited, you always know what is going on.
6. You can share your software with others effortlessly. Even open source and free software web applications require understanding how to setup http servers, databases, etc. You cannot simply give someone software for them to copy and modify. With firestr, the software is zero config and copying it to your machine is one button press.
The last bit is that the UI is deliberately modelled after a chat application instead of a windowed operating system. I want to make the interactivity explicit and convey time in a natural and expected way. I am hoping that through this restriction, there will be some creativity.
This is only the first version. There are lots of bugs and lots of missing features. You cannot remove people from your contacts, or apps from your collection. There are bugs in the networking and bugs in error handling. But I wanted to get something out that works as quickly as possible for people to try.
You can see the code on github.com
If you are interested in helping me make this great, email me at firestr.dev@gmail.com
The software is GPLv3
WARNING!
The software is in development. There is NO security and therefore use this AT YOUR OWN RISK.
If you are a security expert, please contribute.
Advertisements
I have to admit that Donald Trump hasn't done anything to talk me off the #NeverTrump bandwagon. Their name calling, authoritarian leanings, and lack of substantive policy pronouncements concern me, but as a Christian my biggest problem with Trump is that they claim to be a believer yet sees no need to seek forgiveness from God.
Trump's supporters make it even more difficult for me to consider supporting him. From their lack of civility to their calls to "fall in line" because we "have to" support Trump, to the weird celebrity status they've bestowed upon a presidential candidate (one friend posted a meme on Facebook that read, "Share if you think Ivanka Trump would be the coolest first daughter ever!" as though the real election were for presidential children), the Trumpbots are turning me away from the candidate they support.
Now a couple of Christian leaders are relying on a wacky hypothetical argument in an attempt to rally more believers to Trump. Over at Charisma News, Trump supporter Steve Strang quotes a theory from a pastor named Lance Wallnau that God is using the billionaire to restore American much as They used Cyrus to restore the territory of the Israelites.
What a concept! We know our nation is in a very critical situation. We know that God has raised up leaders in the past. In fact, I feel this is so important I interviewed Lance for an edition of The Strang Report on the Charisma Podcast Network. They reminded me that Abraham Lincoln was no darling of the Conservative Christians of the time. In the day of Charles Finney, when there were many devout Christians in America, Abraham Lincoln did not even proclaim to belong to any specific denomination. Yet, they were a God-fearing man and frequently quoted the Bible in public speeches during their presidency. In the darkest days of World War II, England chose Winston Churchill, who was a profane drinker. "In their period of time, neither Winston Churchill nor Abraham Lincoln were the darling of revivalists or evangelicals," Wallnau said in our interview. "Churchill was a bloviating, cigar-smoking politician whose opinions were frequently offensive and whose judgment was faulty. Looking back at history, they were the Cyrus for Great Britain that defeated the Nazi spirit in Adolf Hitler. ... With Lincoln, here's a man that wouldn't even identify themselves as a pew-sitting believer; unthinkable. But, they became the most Bible-quoting man in office."
Yes, Trump is Cyrus, Churchill, and Lincoln all rolled into one with these folks. In the eyes of Strang and Wallnau, Trump is so great that we should overlook the very life of the unrepentant Donald!
I see Trump not in terms of their three marriages or their casinos. I see them in terms of their work ethic. He's driven by ambition to make something better. Most people miss this, but their kids adore him. How many Christians can be scrutinized by their kids' opinion of them and by their work ethic? These are the aspects of Trump's personality that make them a candidate that we should be looking at through a different lens instead of their casinos and their marriages.
Before I go any further, let me say as a follower of Jesus that I believe that God can do some surprising things. The Bible tells us that God's way are far different from ours (Isaiah 55:8-9) and that They often choose the "foolish things of this world" to turn the order of things around (1 Corinthians 1:27-29).
We have seen this played out before. God chose the most vicious persecutor of the early Messianic believers to take Their incredible message of salvation to the nations (the apostle Paul). In the 20th century, They chose a former atheist to become one of the most eloquent apologists for the Gospel (C. S. Lewis).
CLOSE After reaching orbit, a Dragon cargo capsule was unable to start three of four thruster pods, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk reports. FLORIDA TODAY's Todd Halvorson brings a wrap up report from Kennedy Space Center. By Caroline Perez. Posted 3/1/13
Cargo craft won't rendezvous with International Space Station as scheduled Saturday, but the mission was salvaged in dramatic fashion.
The Falcon 9 SpaceX rocket lifting off Friday morning at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. (Photo11: John Raoux, AP) Story Highlights Liftoff occurred at 10:10 a.m.
SpaceX rocket launched for the first time last October
Current mission will deliver Dragon space freighter to International Space Station
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — SpaceX appears to have salvaged an International Space Station cargo-delivery mission by fixing a problem that had temporarily crippled thrusters on the Dragon capsule.
Clogged pressurization lines had disabled the capsule's fuel tanks shortly after the spacecraft reached orbit following its 10:10 a.m. ET launch. Engineers pounded helium through the lines to clear debris that had disabled three of the four thruster pods for several hours and kept the capsule in a lower orbit.
The setback means the commercial resupply capsule won't rendezvous with the space station Saturday morning as scheduled, NASA said. Sunday is the earliest that the capsule could reach the ISS, space station chief Mike Suffredini said at an afternoon news briefing.
Shortly after 4 p.m., SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green."
"It was a little frightening there," Musk admitted during the news conference.
They had said the Dragon could begin flying toward the station with two pods. But NASA required that three thruster pods must be active for Dragon to be given permission to approach the station.
The ISS crew had been planning to grapple the Dragon with a robotic arm around 6:30 a.m. Saturday.
In October, the SpaceX Dragon commercial cargo craft was grappled by the International Space Station's robotic arm during a resupply mission. Shortly after launch Friday, the spacecraft's thrusters developed problems that will delay its scheduled Saturday arrival at the ISS. (Photo11: NASA/AP)
Musk said the Dragon could remain in orbit for at least a month, if needed, to sort out any issues before attempting to berth at the station.
"It's going to be up there for a while," they said.
Asked what caused the problem, Musk said it looks like "blockage" in oxidizer pressurization, meaning there likely was debris in propellant lines.
The spacecraft is carrying about 1,200 pounds of supplies and science equipment for the space station, plus another 600 pounds of hardware in its unpressurized "trunk."
After a successful launch, the Dragon separated from the rocket booster and its two solar array wings were deployed about 11 minutes into the flight.
That's when SpaceX first reported a problem from its mission control center in Hawthorne, Calif., near Los Angeles.
In a statement shortly after noon, SpaceX said Dragon experienced a problem with a propellant valve after reaching orbit, and that only one of four Draco thruster pods was functioning.
"We are trying to bring up the remaining three," the statement said. "We did go ahead and get the solar arrays deployed. Once we get at least two pods running, we will begin a series of burns to get to station."
Standing 157 feet tall, the powerful Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station with the Dragon freighter on top.
The launch, capping a five-month turnaround from a successful mission, was a dramatic demonstration of the vehicle's ability to survive an engine failure in flight.
The mission is the second of a dozen planned under a $1.6 billion NASA contract. Dragon vehicles successfully reached the station twice last year, once on a demonstration flight and once under the resupply contract.
STORY: Atlas V launches with critical cargo aboard
Musk is well known for proclaiming that the Falcon 9 is the first rocket designed with "engine-out" capability since NASA's Saturn V moon rocket.
Many at heritage aerospace industry companies scoffed. Nine Merlin 1C engines are linked together in a square at the base of the Falcon 9's first stage. Surely, an engine failure would result in collateral damage, leading to a catastrophic loss of mission.
But one-minute and 19 seconds into a brilliant night launch last October, a defect in a Nomex-and-Kevlar flak jacket around one of the rocket's engines triggered a depressurization within its combustion chamber.
The rocket's prime flight computer detected the problem and commanded an engine shutdown. The engine's protective fairing broke apart. Pieces of it were violently consumed in the fire-orange stream that trailed the rocket.
It looked as if the engine had exploded. But it didn't. It was shut down automatically, as intended under the circumstances. Nonetheless, the Falcon 9 delivered the Dragon spacecraft to orbit and it arrived at the International Space Station 30 minutes ahead of schedule. The first of 12 SpaceX cargo delivery missions under a NASA contract valued at $1.6 billion ended up a success.
"As a matter of fact, I have to tell you that I think the industry and the public was dramatically impressed by the fact that we had an engine issue, an engine shutdown, and still made mission," SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said Thursday.
"I want to point out that this vehicle has been designed to accommodate an engine out, and though you never necessarily want to see it happen, it's nice that we've demonstrated the vehicle (operates) as it was designed."
Over the past four months and 22 days, SpaceX engineers have been busy with an investigation into the engine failure — one focused on finding the root cause, fixing the problem, and flying again.
That's considered fairly fast in the U.S. aerospace industry.
"We did extensive analysis, obviously, to understand the problem, extensive assessment and testing on these particular engines," Shotwell said.
Investigations into engine failures typically involve what aerospace engineers call "Non-Destructive Testing." For example, ultrasonic examinations, radiography or thermography might be used to detect flaws on Nomex or Kevlar without destroying the material being tested.
NASA International Space Station Program Manager Mike Suffredini said the agency lent SpaceX a hand during its investigation into the October 2012 engine failure. But the company still is clearly looking for help in this discipline.
"It's as much an art as a science, and we certainly are getting much better at it as we mature here," Shotwell said. "But I am going to make a shameless call for any extraordinary NDE experts that want to come and change the state of science, or the state of the art, we're hiring you at SpaceX."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15n8Cm1
Frank de Boer had another opportunity to see some of their first team squad members in this final friendly of pre-season for Richard Shaw's development side.
Merstham were soon ahead after a surprise lead for the home side as striker Ibrahim Fofana broke the deadlock as they finished the 7th minute move with a low shot under Kleton Perntreou.
The non-league side had Dan Bennett to thank following their good work in the build-up before the ball was fired home.
The lead wasn't held for too long as Palace were awarded a penalty after Sullay Kaikai was fouled by goalkeeper, Chris Haigh. The same player got up to take the spot kick but even though that was saved, they had the opportunity of putting the ball into an empty net to level the score from the rebound.
On 25 minutes Chung yong-Lee had a good opportunity to put the visitors ahead but as they got on the end of a cross from the left side of play but their shot went just over the bar.
Palace dominated the latter stages of the half and the scorer had a chance to go into the break to get their team an advantage as their shot went just over the bar from the edge of the box.
Seven minutes into the second period and the referee awarded another penalty but this time it was for the non-league side.
Aaron Wan-Bissaka was adjudged to have committed the foul inside the box and former Palace striker, Ryan Hall, made no mistake from the spot to once again give the advantage to the hosts.
A save by each keeper kept that lead as Palace sub, Dion Henry, made a good save to stop a third whilst at the other end Haigh denied Freddie Ladapo and the impressive Wan Bissaka.
It wasn't long though before Ladapo did get their goal as just past the hour mark Williams won possession before setting Jordon Mutch free and their run finished by finding the striker, who made no mistake by firing the ball into the bottom corner.
The fifth goal of the night was to be the decider as a late free kick from Kian Flanagan was touched into the net by substitute Michael Phillips in the final minute to give Palace victory at The Moatside ground.
Palace team: Perntreou (Dion-Henry),Tomkins, Kelly, Delaney; Wan-Bissaka, Schlupp; Williams (Flanagan), Husin (Phillips),Kaikai (Mutch), Lee (McGregor), Ladapo (Trialist).
Sub not used: Hungbo.
Cleaners at a Ferrari showroom in London's richest borough were suspended without pay this week after voting for strike action. Their union, United Voices of the World, are now preparing to take HR Owen luxury cars and Templewood cleaning agency to court for trade union victimisation.
A Saturday rally marched onto the London Ferrari showroom in support of Freddy and Angelica, the Ecuadorian couple taking on the world's largest retailer in Rolls-Royce, Bentley, Lamborghini and Bugatti cars. Several security guards flanked the store, which had been shut in anticipation of the rally. Protestors adorned its immaculate front with yellow ‘crime scene' tape as they approached. Dancing spilled out across the tarmac and traffic was brought to a standstill for two hours as impassioned speeches by the cleaners reverberated around the leafy West London avenue.
Six multi-million dollar sports cars sat behind the shop window. Freddy and Angelica, the cleaners who maintain this gleaming facade, have been contracted to the showrooms for 5 years on zero-hour contracts. In this time, they have been consistently underpaid by Templewood cleaning agency. Finally, the couple joined the United Voices of the World union and began a formal grievance process.
They demanded withheld wages, an end to zero-hour contracts and a wage increase to match the London Living Wage. This recommended hourly wage for London workers, though higher than the UK minimum wage, remains well below the cost of living for precarious workers in the capital. Despite agreeing to pay the missing wages within a time-frame agreed upon with the union, the companies did nothing. After a two-week grace period agreed upon between the union and the companies, Freddy and Angelica voted for strike action. Templewood suspended them a day later.
Templewood's official reason for the suspension was that Freddy and Angelica fabricated hours for extra wages. HR Owen provided evidence for this claim by trawling through hours of CCTV shift footage. The fact that Freddy and Angelica's conduct had never been questioned before their first strike announcement, and that Templewood themselves sets hours themselves, strongly suggests that the company is simply trying to intimidate the unionised workers for fighting back.
Outsourcing often casts urban inequalities into even starker relief, placing economically vulnerable workers into elite milieus. The Ferrari showroom is located in among the most exclusive London neighbourhoods. Nearby are the Boltons, one of the UK's most expensive streets, where one house sold for £51 million in 2015. By contrast, Freddy and Angelica's insecure hours and low pay makes simply getting by a daily struggle.
In Kensington, the London borough where the showroom is situated, the inequalities of neoliberal London have been at fever-pitch for decades. In a pattern seen across London, private developers in Kensington are devouring social housing with the help of local councils. Gibbs Green estate, a short drive from the Ferrari showroom, has been fighting demolishers since the late 2000s. The most horrific demonstration of the borough's inequities came in June 2017 with the Grenfell Tower disaster in North Kensington.
Many of the Grenfell dead were working-class people of migrant origin like Freddy and Angelica. As the UK government intensifies its ‘hostile environment' immigration policy and encourages gentrification, solidarity with migrant working communities is crucial. Facing down one of the largest luxury car companies in the world, Freddy and Angelica are leading the fight.
If you want to support Freddy and Angelica, you can do so in one of the following ways:
Getting to Grips with the Federal Reserve's Mandate to “Foster Maximum Employment”
The Federal Reserve has two main objectives:
to “Maintain Price Stability” (which explains Janet Yellen's recent denial of the link between ‘money printing' and commodity price rises). to “Foster Maximum Employment”.
Here, I get to grips with the second objective of “fostering maximum employment”. Jargon aside, I try to answer the pertinent question; what does this task really involve?
What is Employment?
An employment contract involves an employer and an employee. On the one hand, the employer prefers the employee's labour to the money they pay for it (wages). Whereas on the other hand, the employee prefers the money they receive (wages) to the services they provide. So, an employment contract involves two parties that prefer precisely the opposite things to one another. If employers and employees do not have such mutually inverse preferences, then no deal can take place. When there is a large number of people who ‘cannot find a deal', the unemployment rate rises.
The Endeavor of “Fostering Maximum Employment”:
So, what is the essence of the Fed's objective to “foster maximum employment”? What are they really trying to do here?
Well, as employment contracts are the product of mutually inverse preferences between employers and employees, we can say that the Fed aims to foster such preferences. That is, they're trying to get employers and employees to deal with one another.
At first sight, this seems like a benign practice; after all, what's wrong with encouraging cooperation, right? My personal response to this knee-jerk reaction is that the Fed is a government-backed institution. So any such claim to ‘encourage cooperation' is rudely contradicted by the fact that it is uncooperative by definition. That is, they use force to hold their existence in place – they use the gun to maintain and proliferate their presence.
Even with the above aside, we can show that this mandate is rather more sinister than it may initially seem.
The Fed's Means – Monopoly Control on Money:
The Federal Reserve's ultimate source of power lies in the fact that it is the monopoly money producer for the US and - arguably – for the world. Within the parameters of what the market will tolerate, the Fed can change the structure of the dollar. To a degree, it can debauch or improve the dollar – this is its basic power.
When this rudimentary fact is put alongside its aim to induce inverse preferences amongst employers and employees, the truth about their mandate is revealed: As the Fed's means is to move the dollar, then one party (employer or employee) must always benefit at the other's expense (at the nominal levels). Thus, they can only “foster maximum employment” by tricking either the class of employers or the class of employees.
For example, suppose that a prospective employee wants at least $20'000/year and that a prospective employer wants to pay $15'000/year at most. In this scenario, they wouldn't be able to do a deal. The Fed can either debauch or improve the dollar. Let's say that it debauches the dollar to imply that 15'000 old dollars is now equivalent to 20'000. If both employer and employee stick to their nominal minimums, still no deal can take place. Moreover, if the both realize that this change has occurred, then - again – no deal takes place (the employer will pay $20'000 but the employee wants $26'666). The only time when a deal can take place is when the employee is tricked into holding their original dollar requirement, and the employer isn't. [Note: By symmetry, the employer can be 'tricked' also]
The Fed can only succeed at this mandate by tricking people. Even if you advocate government, can you really regard this as a sensible goal?
Remarks:
With the above in mind, consider the nature of the Fed's success. Whenever the Fed says something like “we engineered an unemployment rate of X%”, what they're really saying is that ‘we tricked enough people into hiring and taking jobs to entail an unemployment rate of X%‘. Indeed, advocating this mandate can be regarded as oxymoronic. For, in advocating this mandate, one is really saying that ‘the Fed should trick us'. Or – even more accurately – ‘we should establish and maintain an institution (the Fed) that is in the business of tricking us'.
Delightfully insane member of congress Michele Bachmann has found more incontrovertible proof that Barack Obama is the Worst President of All Time: they are creating a so-called "global economy" where countries are "bound" to each other, economically. Who will stop this madman?
From a recent radio appearance in which she's discussing the recent G20 conference in Toronto:
BACHMANN: What really concerned me was Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said that we don't want to see one country's economy doing better than another. What? This is the U.S. Treasury Secretary? We don't want to see Zimbabwe's economy do better than the United States? Aren't we supposed to be about the United States and making sure that our economy can be the greatest in the world. If you look at the G20, what they're trying to do is bind together the world's economies. Look how that played out in the European Union when they bound all of those nations economies together and one of the smallest economies, Greece, when they got into trouble, that one little nation is bringing down the entire EU. Well, President Obama is trying to bind the United States into a global economy where all of our nations come together in a global economy. I don't want the United States to be in a global economy where, where our economic future is bound to that of Zimbabwe. I can't, we can't necessarily trust the decisions that are being made financially in other countries.
A few thoughts:
Zimbabwe isn't in the G20. It would take about G200 before Zimbabwe gets an invite.
The entire post-Cold War economic landscape has been one of a "global economy."
Everything else they said is stupid.
That's all.
[Photo via Getty]
By Miguel Rivera
Japan's Naoya Inoue (14-0, 12 KOs), who is already regarded as one of the best pound for pound fighters in the world, has requested not to be involved in the upcoming Superfly 2 card, which is being targeted for the first quarter on 2018 - because they want to make another defense in Japan before returning to the United States.
On the first Superfly card, which took place on September 9th, WBC champion Srisaket Sor Rungvisai defeated Roman Gonzalez by knockout, Juan Francisco Estrada beat Carlos Cuadras and Inoue made their American debut with a stoppage of Antonio Nieves to retain the WBO super flyweight belt.
The project for the second card would be a mandatory fight between Estrada and Rungvisai for the WBC title - but the champion from Thailand has already made a request to the WBC to do a voluntary defense back home.
However, Inoue in particular would not be ready to return to America by the first quarter of the year. Their promoter, Teiken Promotions, would like to place them on a New Year's Eve card in Japan.
"There are fights at the table, everyone wants to go [on that event], Khalid Yafai is there, Inoue wants to wait a little longer before returning to America.... they want to return [back to America] in fall. We will see what Chocolatito wants to do and we will try to find the best combinations," promoter Tom Loefler said to ESPN Deportes.
"Superfly was my favorite event this year, we saw great fights... Chocolatito-Rungvisai, Quadras-Estrada, the Japanese Inoue against Nieves, it was a great show. We are talking to HBO to make Superfly 2, the fight between Estrada and Rungvisai, it will be a great event, there is a lot of talent in the division, we will try to make it happen. Everyone in Los Angeles was talking about [Superfly], everyone was happy."
The far-right French presidential contender Marine Le Pen has been criticized after denying over the weekend that the French state was responsible for rounding up Jews for deportation to Nazi death camps during World War II.
“I think France isn't responsible for the Vel d'Hiv,” National Front's Le Pen told the French press on Sunday of the German-ordered roundup of Parisian Jews on July 16, 1942, Reuters reports. The detained Jews were packed into the Winter Velodrome cycling stadium, known colloquially as Vel d'Hiv, before being sent to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
“I think that, generally speaking, if there are people responsible, it's those who were in power at the time. It's not France,” Le Pen said in comments that were later condemned Monday by both Israel and Emmanuel Macron, who is an independent presidential candidate.
Former President Jacques Chirac and current leader Francois Hollande have recognised that the French State share responsibility for deporting Jews to Nazi death camps, where some 76,000 French Jews died. Le Pen, whose father Jean-Marie has been convicted for anti-semitic and racist comments, said that France has “taught our children that they have all the reasons to criticise (the country), and to only see, perhaps, the darkest aspects of our history.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Le Pen later issued a statement seen by the Guardian saying that they consider that “France and the Republic were in London during the occupation,” adding that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with the Nazis, “was not France.”
“This does not at all exonerate the actual personal responsibility of those French who took part in the vile Vel d'Hiv round-up and all the atrocities committed in that period,” they said. Le Pen's comments come in advance of the first round of France's presidential election on April 23, in which they still hold a narrow lead over their rivals, according to opinion polls.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz pushed back against critiques of their tenure as chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, insisting they did not rig the primary contest against Sen. Bernie Sanders and argued they could have if they wanted.
"I will be frank with you — if I was trying to rig the outcome of the primary, trust me, I could have," Wasserman Schultz told VICE News' Shawna Thomas. "There are so many things that we — not I — we could have done to enhance the campaign of one candidate over another."
They also disputed Sanders' assertions they were tilting the scale in favor of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by only scheduling a handful of debates during the primary season.
"It was mind-boggling to me that they were complaining about the number of debates," Wasserman Schultz said. "Because, things were going just fine [for him]. I think the Sanders campaign began to aggressively find a scapegoat to turn the attention away from mistakes that they made. And they did so successfully. But that's OK."
Wasserman Schultz stepped down as party leader during the Democratic National Convention, where they were booed by angry Sanders supporters. They were replaced by Donna Brazile, who is serving on an interim basis, until March, when an election for a new party chairperson will take place.
On Friday's The Beat with Ari Melber -- a relatively new MSNBC show that recently replaced Greta Van Susteren's For the Record program -- host Melber not surprisingly assembled a panel of lefties to discuss the week's news for the show's regular "Fall Back" segment.
Former Ebony editor-in-chief Amy DuBois Barnett took aim at Caitlyn Jenner because the transgender Republican was recently seen wearing a pro-Donald Trump hat even after Trump's announced ban on transgenders in the military. Inserting race into the conversation, DuBois griped Jenner is "flaunting their residual white male privilege."
A bit later in the show, Melber went after White House advisor Stephen Miller over their sparring with CNN's Jim Acosta over immigration policy, leading longtime MSNBC contributor Joan Walsh to see Miller's use of the word "cosmopolitan" as a "white nationalist dog whistle."
When Barnett got their turn to speak, they recalled that Jenner was seen driving in a convertible wearing a pro-Trump hat. After noting that Jenner criticized the announced transgender ban, they added:
She's out here, you know, in their little hat, flaunting their residual white male privilege. It's obvious that the 65 years that they spent as a rich, white man is trumping -- no pun intended, or all pun intended -- the two or three years that she's spent as a transgender woman because that residual privilege is influencing their obvious support of Trump and theirs -- I have to say, you know -- homophobic agendas.
A bit later, Melber played a clip of Miller and Acosta with Miller deriding the CNN correspondent for having a "cosmopolitan" view:
STEPHEN MILLER, White House ADVISOR: And it shows your cosmopolitan bias, and I just want to say -- JIM ACOSTA, CNN: It sounds like you're trying to engineer a racial and ethnic flow of people into the country through their policies. MILLER: That is one of the most outrageous, insulting, ignorant and foolish things you've ever said --
After Melber took their shots at Miller, Walsh alluded to the word "cosmopolitan" having an "anti-Semitic" history, but then surprisingly dismissed the possibility of the White House advisor having meant it as such:
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
JOAN WALSH, THE NATION: And then I heard they got high fives back, you know, back behind the scenes, that people did think it went well -- that the extreme ideologues. "Cosmopolitan" is an insult with very old roots. It can often be anti-Semitic -- I think he's Jewish, so I don't think he's doing that. MELBER: Yeah, I don't think they meant it that way.
But, as they continued, Walsh still suggested racism by Miller in the exchange: "But it's sort of exotic -- it's sort of just elite -- exotic elites, and it's just a complete nationalist -- white nationalist dog whistle."
Host Melber agreed: "Well, yeah, and they were there to brief on immigration policy, and ended up attacking people in personal language, which was just not a policy presentation."
Below is a transcript of relevant portions of the Friday, August 4, The Beat with Ari Melber:
First Look: Dirty Bird is Kensington's new fried chicken spot
By Lisa Jackson
The Original Dirty Bird (or “ODB” for short) at the new fried chicken joint in Kensington Market. Image: Lisa Jackson
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Apparently, to join the hordes headed to The Dirty Bird — a new restaurant in Kensington Market that serves fried chicken and waffles. It's a tiny eatery near Baldwin and Kensington Ave., but it's already hopping with customers since opening in mid-March.
“There's nowhere else in town that exclusively serves chicken and waffles,” says Adrian Forte, chef and co-owner. “We've been stuck in a burger and taco phase. Toronto needed this.”
Image: Lisa Jackson
Apparently, the rest of the city agrees. Getting through the restaurant's door or grabbing a seat proves a challenge in a sea of chicken-craving customers. Amidst the industrial-style space decorated with reclaimed wood and hanging Edison lightbulbs, crowds cluster at a communal table and a couple of countertops with stools, licking their fingers and sipping on bottled sodas.
For years, co-owners Brian Butler (Massive Catering) and Adrian Forte (Rock Lobster, The Libertines, Massive Catering) worked together in the catering business. They were doing a menu-testing session with a giant chicken thigh – weighing 1.5 pounds – when their landlord dropped by the kitchen.
“Whoa! That's one big dirty bird,” the landlord said.
Image: Josh B. Scott
For Butler and Forte, the name stuck and a concept of “Northern fried chicken” gradually evolved. The duo started organizing chicken and waffle pop-up events around the city, mostly in restaurants that were closing shop.
“New York is already doing this,” Forte says. “There are a lot of chicken and waffle places there. The first place to do this was Wells Supper Club in Harlem.”
However, they did not anticipate that this would spurn a food trend.
“The first pop-up, we only had food for 200 people,” said Forte. “But 400 patrons showed up.”
After experimenting with a series of successful pop-ups and a failed food truck (“too cold and expensive”), the pair opened the restaurant in Kensington Market. Everything on the menu is locally sourced from the surrounding shops.
Image: Lisa Jackson
“We wanted to be in a place where we could source things daily,” says Forte. “My vegetable guy, we're on a first name basis. The food has to be fresh to be good.”
The menu is fairly simple, with a few “family feast” options and five signature dishes. Originating from catering days, “The ODB” – “Original Dirty Bird” (photo above) – delivers boneless dark meat cooked until crispy, and served atop a maple buttered waffle. A lava red “Dirty Sauce” coats the chicken, thick and gooey. While Forte wouldn't reveal its ingredients, the sauce tastes like a tomato paste mixed with herbs, butter, and a hint of sweet barbecue.
Image: Lisa Jackson
For finger foodies, “The Clucker” ($12) piles a half pound of wings – buffalo, honey garlic, or “dry and dirty” – on top of a waffle. This dish is a bit awkward to eat since the wings and waffle really can't be consumed simultaneously.
Image: Lisa Jackson
“The Dirty Bird'ger” ($7) is the only signature dish served waffle-less: a fresh bun heaped with a thick slab of deep-fried dark meat and all the fixings – pickle, tomato, lettuce, onion, and of course, “Dirty Sauce” and maple aioli.
For sides, there's a choice of coleslaw, or a potato salad based on a family recipe from Butler's grandmother. It's served in a small container crammed with chopped potatoes, celery, onion, green peas, eggs, mayo, and “dirty seasoning.” Customers can also order extra trimmings to accompany their meal, such as hand-cut fries ($3), beef bacon ($1), or a salad ($9).
For fry lovers, the “Other Stuff” portion of the menu includes “Dirty Fries” – a giant carton of hand-cut frites loaded with “dirty seasoning,” cheddar, “dirty aioli,” fried onions, and chives.
Image: Josh B. Scott
If for some absurd reason there's still room for dessert, Forte recommends “The Sweet Nuttins'” ($6), a waffle ice cream sandwich with candied pecans and sweet potato ice cream. Woof.
While there are definitely traces of Harlem-inspired fowl at The Dirty Bird, the chefs have added their own Canadian spin to the cuisine. Alberta beef bacon and Uncle Richard's 100% Pure Maple Syrup products (“sourced from one of our owner's grandpa”) are featured prominently as ingredients on the menu.
“Canada is typically known for three things: poutine, Nanaimo bars, and smoked meat sandwiches,” says Forte. “But there's so much more to Toronto's food scene. I want to cultivate the culinary identity of Canada.”
Image: Josh B. Scott
The Dirty Bird Chicken & Waffles is open Sunday to Thursday from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Fridays and Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Space is limited, so be prepared to eat standing up or order a take-out meal.
The Dirty Bird Chicken + Waffles, 79 Kensington Ave, 647-345-2473
Lisa Jackson is a freelance writer and editor of EatDrinkTravel.Com.
Former Canadian soldiers are killing themselves at a significantly higher rate than that of the general population, the government's most comprehensive examination of veterans' suicides reveals.
The landmark study, which was released on Thursday, shows that 1,486 former military members ended their lives from 1976 to 2012, with one-third of the suicides occurring after 2002, when Canadian troops were entrenched in the Afghanistan war.
Young men faced the greatest suicide risk, government researchers found. Suicide claimed 40 per cent of the 435 male vets who died before turning 25. These vets were 2.4 times more likely to kill themselves than their comparable population – a worrisome finding that is prompting a deeper look.
Story continues below advertisement
Nearly half of soldiers who killed themselves in 2016 were dealing with loved one's suicide
"It's not entirely clear why the rates for younger veterans are higher," said Alexandra Heber, chief psychiatrist with the Department of Veterans Affairs. "Because these are people who will have [been] released fairly recently, we're looking at the connection between that and the transition period."
"We know that there are a lot of factors that can contribute to suicide and complicate life soon after people have released."
Although the research offers the most detailed veterans' suicide count to date, it does not explore what factors may have contributed to their deaths or examine their work and deployment history.
The Globe and Mail began in 2014 investigating the suicides of soldiers who had served on the Afghanistan mission after the military would not disclose how many had taken their lives. The Globe's continuing investigation has revealed that more than 70 Canadian soldiers and vets who deployed to Afghanistan have killed themselves. Many had post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and other mental-health issues related to their military work, along with personal problems such as relationship breakdowns and financial stress.
The federal government has long faced calls to track how many former soldiers are ending their lives and why. While suicides within the Canadian Armed Forces are monitored, the deaths of former soldiers have not been regularly tracked – a crucial gap in understanding how to better support vets and prevent further suicides.
The study, which linked National Defence personnel data with provincial and territorial death records submitted to Statistics Canada, marks only the second time that the government has counted veterans' suicides. The first time it released data was in 2011.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The most recent analysis doesn't break down how many were receiving disability benefits and services from Veterans Affairs, which is a significant shortcoming of the study, veterans' advocate Aaron Bedard said.
"We need to know everything about the Veterans Affairs history of clients who have [died by] suicide," said Mr. Bedard, who is an Afghan war veteran and a member of the Veterans Affairs Minister's mental-health advisory group. "We want to see what went right and what went wrong."
More analysis of the data is coming next year, said Faith McIntyre, director-general of policy and research at Veterans Affairs. The department has committed to annually releasing suicide reports. The next examination will focus on the military record of veterans lost to suicide, parsing whether they were in the army, navy or air force and whether they deployed overseas.
Researchers also plan to look at how much time passed between the soldiers' military release and their suicide, said Linda VanTil, an epidemiologist who is working on the study.
Last fall, The Globe published 31 profiles of Afghanistan war veterans lost to suicide. Five had been discharged from the military, and another three were scheduled for release.
Three of the five discharged soldiers – Sergeant Ron Anderson, Corporal Sean McClintock and Private Tyler Hulme – died within a year of leaving the Forces. Retired Pte. Hulme, 27, who had bipolar disorder, was facing a four-month wait for a civilian psychiatrist when they took their own life in April, 2014.
Story continues below advertisement
Dr. Heber said improving the support offered to military members who are being released is a priority for both the Forces and Veterans Affairs, which announced a joint suicide-prevention strategy in October.
The suicide rate among male veterans has increased in Canada by 10 per cent over the nearly four-decade period analyzed in the Veterans Affairs study. The rise is at stark odds with the 29-per-cent drop seen among the general male population.
For both male and female vets, the suicide risk was greater than their comparable Canadian populations – 1.4 times higher for men and 1.8 times for women. Of the 1,486 former soldiers who died by suicide, 1,421 were men and 65 were women.
"We know that the problem is grave because we see it firsthand. When you have PTSD, they fast-track you out. Suddenly, you are a pariah," veterans' advocate Mr. Bedard said. "Going from the pride of the nation to the bottom of the barrel, of course they're vulnerable."
Canada's suicide toll is similar to the numbers that the United States, Britain and Australia have uncovered among their military veterans. A study of American vets in 2010 showed that men were 1.5 times more likely to die by suicide than expected, while women faced a 5.9-times-higher risk.
Earlier this year, one Canadian veteran's struggle with severe PTSD and depression led to deadly consequences for their family.
Story continues below advertisement
Lionel Desmond, an infantry soldier in the Afghanistan war, was out of the army for just 18 months when they gunned down their wife, Shanna Desmond, their 10-year-old daughter, Aaliyah, and their mother, Brenda Desmond, before killing themselves in their home in rural Nova Scotia in January. Their family continues to call for an inquiry into the triple murder-suicide.
Fire Emblem Warriors is an upcoming hack and slash game featuring heroes from the popular strategy games. Staff writer Heather Alexandra and Kotaku editor-in-chief Stephen Totilo sat down with Masahiro Higuchi from Intelligent Systems and Yosuke Hayashi from Koei Tecmo to talk about the game and whether or not it will have Donnel the villager.
Over the course of our interview, we covered a spread of topics relating to Fire Emblem Warriors gameplay and the future of the series.
On developing the game and keeping an element of strategy:
Yosuke Hayashi, Koei Tecmo: The original games are simulation RPGs, so there's strategic element here like the weapon triangle. We wanted to maintain the action of the Warriors games while keeping those strategic elements.
On leveling up characters and changing classes:
Hayashi: Yes, we definitely anticipated people wanting [to change classes]. You can level up and it will change the character's appearance as well.
Advertisement
On hardcore mode and losing characters:
Hayashi: We know Fire Emblem fans are both hardcore and casual players, and much like we have options for both in the Fire Emblem series, we also offer [a hardcore mode] in this game. You can choose a more difficult mode where you have to think strategically or else you'll lose characters, or a more casual mode where you will not lose characters.
Totilo: There is permadeath?
Hayashi: Maybe not in the same way as the main Fire Emblem games, but in a way that might make more sense for a Warriors game.
Advertisement
On marriage and support systems:
Hayashi: We decided not to include romances in this game, since those stories take place in the main series games and we didn't want to intrude or add twists to them. But there is still bond-building between characters. We have support conversations where the characters will build trust and forge friendships.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
On how they chose which characters to add to the game:
Masahiro Higuchi, Intelligent Systems: When we were selecting characters for the game we definitely put strategy first, and that came down to weapons with sword users, axe users, and lancers. We wanted to choose characters that would make up the classic classes and add tactical elements for the gameplay.
On whether or not it will have Donnel, the best character:
Higuchi: We can't reveal all of the characters in the game, but we know Donnel is a fan favorite. It was definitely a lot of fun thinking about who we might include, but if we included everyone, it would be so much work for Koei Tecmo.
Advertisement
On appealing to fans of the series when choosing characters:
Hayashi: We really wanted to choose characters from around three games that make sense from a fan perspective. That's why we chose Shadow Dragon, Awakening, and Fates to focus on.
On the possibility of a player-created protagonist:
Hayashi: We talked about it at the start of development, but we decided the story would be more about the heroes from the other games. We made two protagonists who were a bit younger in age because we wanted the heroes to lead them.
On Shadows of Valentia's release and remaking older games:
Higuchi: We don't have concrete plans for any more remakes, but if the opportunity arises, I'd love to do a remake of Famicom Wars.
Advertisement
On other potential series that Koei Tecmo wanted to make into a Warriors game:
Hayashi: [The idea for] Fire Emblem Warriors came about naturally when we were creating Hyrule Warriors Legends. We were dealing with some development challenges with the 3DS hardware, so we add the ability to switch between characters and send characters to different parts of the map and that made us think: “That would be really good for a Fire Emblem game.”
Totilo: You don't have plans for Pikmin Warriors? Wave Race Warriors?
Hayashi: [Laughing] No, no.
source) *Available only while stocks last.
Video: Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights
Sleek I-Divine Palette in Arabian Nights
Photo Above from sleekmakeup.com
12X1.1g/12x0.03fl. oz. | $11.99
No Flash | Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights
With Flash | Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights
Top Row Swatches of Arabian Nights | (Top) No Flash (Bottom) With Flash
Bottom Row Swatches of Arabian Nights | (Top) No Flash (Bottom) With Flash
Swatches: Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights, No Flash
Swatches: Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights, With Flash
Gold Souk (inner lid), Hocus Pocus (middle of lid), Simbad's Seas (outer lid),
Black Magic (crease)
Gold Souk (inner lid), Hocus Pocus (middle of lid), Simbad's Seas (outer lid),
Black Magic (crease)
Scheherazade's Tale (inner lid), Valley of Diamonds (middle of lid), Genie (outer lid),
Stallion (outer lid and crease)
Scheherazade's Tale (inner lid), Valley of Diamonds (middle of lid), Genie (outer lid),
Stallion (outer lid and crease)
FOTD with Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights
It was "like at first sight" when I saw this limited edition Sleek palette at Luxola's website. The rich, jewel colors were just so beautiful to look at.I have been wanting to try the I-divine palettes because I've heard so many good things about them. I had a 30% discount code for Luxola.com so I grabbed Arabian Nights as my very first eyeshadow palette from the brand.With a great wide range of colors, this palette would surely be an everyday staple. You can create many looks from this - subtle smokeys to rich, striking eye combinations.Top row colors include:- light/medium beige champagne with shimmers, excellent color payoff with a creamy texture, applies smooth and creamy.- a sparkly yellow gold with shimmers, good color payoff, minimal fallout despite the shimmers, applies smooth.- frosted medium brown with warm undertone, good color payoff, smooth texture, applies smooth, blends well.medium soft mint green with gold shimmers, not as pigmented as other shades, abit difficult to blend and build up due to the drier texture.medium green-teal with silver shimmers, great color payoff, smooth and creamy texture. One of my favorites!- rich medium blue-purple with shimmers, great color payoff, smooth and creamy texture. My favorite shade out of the palette.Bottom row colors include:- medium bronze brown with frosty shimmers, very pigmented, great color payoff, texture is soft and smooth. This color is very beautiful and intense.- medium gray-blue with soft shimmers, good color payoff, a bit dry but not really difficult to work with.- medium burgundy with matte finish, a bit dry and chalky texture, good color payoff.- medium blue-gray, a shade darker than Black Magic with soft shimmers, good color payoff, pigmentation is a bit sheer and not as dark as I would have wanted, a bit dry but still blendable.- dark burgundy wine with a bit of gold shimmers, great color payoff, applied smooth and creamy, easy to blend.- deep black, semi-matte finish with a hint of shimmers, good color payoff, applied smooth, very creamy and very easy to blend.Arabian Nights conjure images of intense, brilliant hues of the Mediterranean - sultry gypsies and sexy pirates. I especially love the shimmery goodness of the top row colors- the deep green Hocus Pocus and metallic dark blue Simbad's Seas are my favorites. The bottom row shades, on the other hand, can easily be used for everyday, subtle looks. Sleek MakeUp i-Divine Eyeshadow Palette in Arabian Nights is a versatile palette featuring gorgeous jewel shades. Most colors are highly pigmented, with minimal fallout. Texture is generally smooth and creamy, with good blendability. At only $11.99, this is a MUST-BUY for everyone.Get it the
Rooney: ‘We know some of them are not the best at getting back'United Captain also highlights Fellaini's recent improvements
Wayne Rooney has revealed that Manchester United's victory over Manchester City was based on making the champions pay for having players who are unable to track runners.
Yaya Touré was criticised by the TV pundit Gary Neville for a “complete dereliction of duty”. Although Rooney did not name the City midfielder, they said of a team who also included Fernandinho, James Milner, David Silva and Jesús Navas: “We know some of the City players are not the best at getting back and defending and tracking runners and we felt we could make them pay for that.”
Marouane Fellaini, who scored United's second goal and had a hand in two others, dominated Touré to continue their resurgence under Louis van Gaal. Rooney said: “He's getting used in the right way. He's a handful for defenders to mark. As you can see we like to try to play out from the back but, if teams are pressing us, it is an option for us and he's probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down, getting us out of that pressure and getting us further down the pitch. So the manager is using them in the right way and they are repaying the manager with goals and good performances.”
Manchester United's Michael Carrick: so smooth they play in a dinner jacket | Barney Ronay Read more
Fellaini, signed by David Moyes in summer 2013, became the symbol of the dismal campaign under the Scot. “In fairness to Felli they kept their head down, worked hard and he's come through that tough period and is showing what they were doing at Everton and why Manchester United bought him,” said Rooney. “He is a quality player, they are a different option for us and happily it is starting to show on the pitch.”
Rooney said United are confident of denting Chelsea's title bid at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. United are eight points behind Chelsea, who have a match in hand.
City followed Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur in becoming direct rivals defeated by United recently and the match against Chelsea holds no fear for Van Gaal's team. “We're confident, we're on a good run of form, we've beaten some very good teams in the last few games,” Rooney said. “It is a big test for us, Chelsea are top of the league. We will work and prepare on the training pitch and we'll be ready for the game.”
As Arsenal is only a point ahead United have a chance of finishing second. Rooney said: “Chelsea are in a very commanding position so we have to just trying to win our games. I think we are playing nice football, we are winning games and we have to continue that to the end of the season, finish as high up as we can, and then hopefully take form into next season.”
United's progress is illustrated by the club heading the mini-league of the top seven sides, with six wins, two draws and two defeats. “In some ways there is more space in those bigger games because those teams like to come and attack,” Rooney said. “We certainly felt [against City] we could capitalise on that. We've found it tough when some teams have sat back so that's something we need to work on.”
Rooney warned United are not the finished article. “We're still a work in progress, learning certain things as well,” they said. “It's great we're winning games, and the performances we are showing but we have to continue that.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Birdman - final - UK only
A stuntman is thought to have become the first person to jump out of a helicopter and land safely without deploying a parachute.
Gary Connery, 42, used a "wingsuit" to make their descent from 2,400ft (730m) above Oxfordshire.
The 42-year-old said they felt "elated" after landing on a pile of 18,600 cardboard boxes.
They were fitted with a parachute for the jump, which saw them accelerate to 80mph, but it was not deployed.
The entire flight took less than a minute to complete.
During the flight, father-of-two Mr Connery dropped for three seconds before their suit "started to fly".
'Plotting challenge'
They used a landing strip of cardboard boxes, known as a box rig, covering about 350ft (100m) by 45ft (15m).
Cameraman Mark Sutton also jumped from the helicopter in a wingsuit but deployed a parachute before landing.
Minutes after landing, Mr Connery said: "I feel incredible, just completely elated.
"I have been training and planning for this record attempt for many years now and I am so proud to have achieved a world first.
"I want to thank everyone involved for their support and belief in me because this really has been a team effort.
Image caption Mr Connery was wearing a specially developed wingsuit
"Tonight will be all about celebrating with friends and family. Tomorrow I will be plotting my next daring challenge.
"I was absolutely fine afterwards. I was completely buzzing."
The jump had been planned for early April but had to be postponed due to poor weather conditions, they said.
Mr Connery, who has worked on films including Die Another Day, Batman Begins and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, said performing stunts was "his life".
They have already completed about 880 skydives and 450 base jumps.
Before carrying out the flight in countryside near their home in Henley-on-Thames, Mr Connery, whose wingsuit has the ability to dramatically reduce speed on descent, said they were "100% confident" they would be successful.
Geoffrey Rush has closed a deal to join Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Gerard Butler in Summit's epic fantasy Gods of Egypt.
Alex Proyas is directing the project, whose story is set in motion when one ruling god, Set, kills another, Osiris. When Osiris' son Horus fails in their attempt to get revenge, and has their eyed plucked out, it's up to a young human thief in love with a slave to help defeat the mad god.
STORY: Gerard Butler to Join Summit's 'Gods of Egypt'
Coster-Waldau is playing Horus. Butler is in talks to play Set, the god of the desert.
Rush will play the sun god Ra, the father of Set and Osiris who is also Set's ultimate target.
Proyas will share screenwriting credits with Burk Sharpless and Matt Sazamat.
Basil Iwanyk will produce via their Thunder Road Productions banner along with Proyas and their Mystery Clock Cinema banner.
Rush, who has spent the last decade nicely chewing scenery as the pirate Barbossa in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, has The Book Thief, the adaptation of the Markus Zusak novel, coming out in theaters Nov. 15.
 They are repped by CAA.
208 SHARES Share Tweet
Last updated: May 16, 2013
This post contains spoilers and news about The Office Season 9.
Number of half-hours planned: 25 (for a total of 201 episodes for the series)
Guest stars: Devon Abner, Roseanne Barr, Malcolm Barrett, Ed Begley, Jr., Andy Buckley, Nancy Carell, Jennifer Celotta, Stephen Colbert, Jack Coleman, Joan Cusack, Spencer Daniels, Susanne Daniels, Jackie Debatin, Majandra Delfino, David Denman, Chris Diamantopoulos, Julius Erving, Paul Feig, Blake Garrett, Amelie Gillette, Josh Groban, Bill Hader, Melora Hardin, Rachael Harris, Ryan Howard, Michael Imperioli, Dakota Johnson, Allison Jones, Matt Jones, Ameenah Kaplan, Seth Meyers, Thomas Middleditch, Bob Odenkirk, Mark Proksch, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Scot Robinson, Michael Schur, Bobby Ray Shafer, Jennie Tan, James Urbaniak, Eric Wareheim, Zach Woods.
“I would say only half of the episode takes place in the office,” says Fischer. “A lot of it takes place in different locations and different places. “Some surprising people leave Dunder Mifflin in some very surprising ways,” says Wilson. “There's a big Jim-Pam surprise,” says Fischer. They also mention one meaningful moment between Jim and Pam, which brings Pam back to their old station. “I can't tell you why I'm sitting there or what I say when I'm sitting there but it was incredibly emotional. Not only to be back at the desk but to know that it was for the last time.… To sit there and have John look at me and have me look at him, it was really special.” “There's a new baby in the picture,” says Wilson. “The baby comes from a very surprising source.” “Dwight fires a bazooka, and you get to see them the happiest he's ever been in over 200 episodes,” says Wilson. “Mose (Michael Schur) decides it's a good idea to kidnap Angela, so she's eventually found in the trunk of their car,” says Wilson. “Something that's going to be really fun is some of the guest stars who pop up throughout the episode, and also who those guest stars end up being,” says Fischer. “We introduce some new people, so it's not just people from the past.” “Why does Creed have a long, strange fu manchu beard?” says Wilson. “The mystery will be answered.”
May 13, 2013: Entertainment Weekly
EW's posted spoilerish photos and tidbits of the finale, starting here.
What do you guys think?
May 9, 2013
In Scranton this past weekend, we got to view the cold open and the first act of A.A.R.M. Great Jim/Dwight stuff in this one!
May 6, 2013: Dave Rogers
This isn't a spoiler, but good news: I'm excited to announce that OfficeTally's final episode Q&A will be The Office's David Rogers, who directed the penultimate episode, A.A.R.M.! You'll be able to post your questions for Dave on Friday, May 10.
TVLine reports that Steve Carell will appear in The Office finale:
TVLine has learned exclusively that the Dunder Mifflin legend will, in fact, turn up in the swan song… According to sources, Carell's return engagement qualifies as more of a cameo than a full-fledged guest appearance.
May 2, 2013
I might appear in the finale. :)
“At one point I actually approached Jeff Probst,” the host of “Survivor,” Mr. Daniels whispered as the big reunion scene unfolded here in the auditorium of an AT&T office building. Standing in for the Scranton cultural center, it was one of many locations for the ambitious one-hour finale, to be shown on May 16 on NBC. Onstage at the reunion were most of the prominent characters — minus the biggest one, Steve Carell's Michael Scott — arrayed in a long arc of folding chairs. They were answering questions about how the documentary, supposedly recently presented on Scranton's PBS affiliate, had changed their (fictional) lives.
[ from tanster: I was at the filming at this scene! At one point, Greg Daniels came over and asked me to speak to the NYT reporter, Bill Carter. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to… :( ]
We don't want to give too much away (and The Office bosses are keeping storylines on lockdown), but we can reveal that one of the last (or the last) scene that Rainn Wilson and Angela Kinsey shot was with each other.
April 25, 2013: NBC
A summary of the episode ‘Finale,' airing May 16:
THE OFFICE SAYS GOODBYE IN ITS ONE HOUR SERIES FINALE—GUEST STARRING MINDY KALING, BJ NOVAK, RACHAEL HARRIS, DAKOTA JOHNSON, JOAN CUSACK, ED BEGLEY JR., MALCOLM BARRETT, MATT JONES, ANDY BUCKLEY, MIKE SCHUR, BOBBY RAY SHAFER—Months after the airing of the documentary, the workers of Dunder Mifflin, past and present, gather for a wedding and a final round of interviews. Mysteries are solved, hatchets are buried, pranks are prunked. Also starring Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, Ed Helms, Catherine Tate, Leslie David Baker, Brian Baumgartner, Kate Flannery, Angela Kinsey, Oscar Nuñez, Phyllis Smith, Paul Lieberstein, Creed Bratton, Craig Robinson, Ellie Kemper, Clark Duke, and Jake Lacy.
We just spoke with Ellie Kemper and Angela Kinsey about the finale, and while they couldn't reveal much, they did say that the series-ender is nothing short of, in their words: “epic.” We're talking tons of locations and lots of big moments…it'll be a rollercoaster, that's for sure.
April 19, 2013: NBC
A summary of the episode ‘A.A.R.M.,' airing May 9:
JIM HOLDS TRYOUTS FOR THE ASSISTANT TO THE ASSISTANT TO THE REGIONAL MANAGER — As the office readies for the premiere of the documentary that night, Jim (John Krasinski) convinces Dwight (Rainn Wilson), who is planning to propose to Esther (Nora Kirkpatrick), that they need an Assistant to the Assistant Regional Manager, and holds tryouts to find the best candidate. Angela (Angela Kinsey) brings their baby to work after their daycare turns them away. Meanwhile, Andy (Ed Helms) attends auditions for “The Next Great A Cappella Sensation.” Guest stars: Aaron Rogers, Clay Aiken, Mark McGrath, Santigold, Jessica St. Clair. Jenna Fischer, Leslie David Baker, Phyllis Smith, Brian Baumgartner, Oscar Nunez, Kate Flannery, Paul Lieberstein, Creed Bratton, Craig Robinson, Ellie Kemper, Catherine Tate, Clark Duke and Jake Lacy also star.
PRE-FINALE EPISODES | The Office showunner Greg Daniels [says] “The people who are still watching after nine years [must still] love these characters, so we wrote the ending for them”… “There are just a lot of personal stories that are happening [as we move forward]. The documentary is the catalyst for some of them, but not for others.” A few things to look forward to in Dunder Mifflin's final days: “some good pranks” from a few characters trying to pull their best one yet, a fun focus on Jim and Dwight's “longstanding relationship,” some “big Erin and Andy moves — though not necessarily together,” the unraveling of Angela and “some great, classic Jim-and-Pam moments” — however, Daniels adds, “We haven't seen the end of their [marital] problems yet.” MAY 16 SERIES FINALE | “A remarkable amount of closure” is the name of the game in The Office's series-ending installment. “A lot of [the episode] deals with the aftermath of the documentary airing [and] what it does to their world,” Daniels reveals. “That said, there's also a lot of closure on big characters.” Expect to see Pam's completed mural in the final hour, as well as a satisfying ending for Dwight. (Fun fact: It's Daniels' favorite concluding storyline; when pressed for “Dwangela” scoop, the EP laughed, “I think you'll be happy.”) There are also “several interesting guest stars” in the penultimate and final episodes, including Ryan and Kelly, who return to say goodbye in the finale.
April 12, 2013: NBC
A summary of the episode ‘Livin' the Dream,' airing May 2:
ANDY DECIDES TO PURSUE Their DREAM–Andy (Ed Helms) tries to work up the nerve to quit their job and pursue their dreams of stardom. Dwight (Rainn Wilson) finally receives their karate black belt from their new sensei (Michael Imperioli) and has their best day ever at work. Jim (John Krasinski) returns to Scranton to spend more quality time with Pam (Jenna Fischer). Leslie David Baker, Phyllis Smith, Angela Kinsey, Brian Baumgartner, Oscar Nunez, Kate Flannery, Paul Lieberstein, Creed Bratton, Craig Robinson, Ellie Kemper, Catherine Tate, Clark Duke and Jake Lacy also star.
April 5, 2013: NBC
A summary of the episode ‘Paper Airplane,' airing April 25:
DUNDER MIFFLIN PAPER AIRPLANE CONTEST–ROSEANNE BARR GUEST STARS–Dwight (Rainn Wilson) and Angela (Angela Kinsey) compete in an office-wide paper airplane contest with a cash prize. Local talent agent Carla Fern (Roseanne Barr) helps Andy (Ed Helms) with their first acting role in an industrial film. Jim (John Krasinski) and Pam (Jenna Fischer) try to use new skills they have learned in couples counseling. Leslie David Baker, Phyllis Smith, Angela Kinsey, Brian Baumgartner, Oscar Nunez, Kate Flannery, Paul Lieberstein, Creed Bratton, Craig Robinson, Ellie Kemper, Catherine Take, Clark Duke and Jake Lacy also star.
In an interview with Executive Producer Ben Silverman:
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is developing a pacemaker-sized device that someday could improve the memory of soldiers who have suffered a traumatic brain injury – a sort of hard drive for the brain.
"We know we need a next-generation device that doesn't exist today," said Justin Sanchez, a program manager in DARPA's Biological Technologies Office in Arlington, Virginia. "That's what these new programs are all about — not only understanding the brain and these conditions, but building the hardware that enables us to address those issues. You need both."
© Flickr / Peter Sheik The Future Is (Nearly) Now: DARPA Working on Computer Vision
Hundreds of thousands of US military personnel returning from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have suffered a traumatic brain injury, often caused by roadside bombs and other explosives. Those who experience damage to the brain's temporal lobe, where memory is stored, can suffer from memory loss and other issues.
One of DARPA's newer projects, Restoring Active Memory, seeks to build a prosthetic device that could aid declarative memory, a form of long-term memory that can be recalled, such as facts.
For example, a future experiment might involve a patient who is asked to identify a series of faces and names with the aid of a brain implant.
"The twist on this is they or they will be interacting with a prosthetic device," Sanchez said. "So at some face and name presentations, maybe we'll stimulate the part of the brain that is involved in the memory formation and see if there are particular patterns of stimulation that can facilitate the formation and recall of that memory."
The research builds on the work of a decade-old precursor program, called Revolutionizing Prosthetics. In that program, a 55-year-old civilian mother of two allowed surgeons to implant a pair of pea-sized electrodes onto the left motor cortex – which controls movement – and connect them to a robotic arm.
Sensors on the patient's brain relayed signals to computer software that matched the activity to patterns associated with physical movements, such as raising or lowering an arm. Scientists then built algorithms that translated into operating instructions for the robotic arm.
Not only did the technology enable the paralyzed woman to feed themselves for the first time in a decade, but they became so adept at manipulating the robotic arm that they successfully piloted an F-35 jet in a flight simulator.
Aparna Nancherla's petite size and subdued stage presence suggest a different style of comedy than the gregarious personalities who often grace Netflix, Comedy Central and HBO's featured specials. They may seem quieter, but if anything that only underscores their deadpan wit by hitting audiences with the classic one-two punch of the unexpected. They don't shy away from discussing the mental tightrope walk that is life, and does so in a way that's fiercely original in its presentation.
Humor has given Nancherla a structure and a language to translate the at times crippling experience of being a person in the world who doesn't constantly beam sunshine, self-esteem, and happy thoughts like, say, Taylor Swift and their ever expanding #Squad. They understand those who approach existence with a bit more intimidation or reservation—people Nancherla cheekily refers to as “Stressheads”—because they live it every day. Thanks to their work, she's become secure in their insecurity, a contradictory place that allows them to express themselves even while what she's expressing are stories wrought with embarrassment, self-doubt, and at times suffocating social anxiety. “It's weird because it sounds counterintuitive, but I guess if you're a nervous or anxious person at some point it starts to become a coping mechanism where you're more comfortable with it than without it,” Nancherla says over the phone, their trademark articulation landing upon the beats of heavier consonants to provide additional nuance.
Them penchant for embracing being uncomfortable in the world (as opposed to resisting it and using that resistance for comedic purposes) gives them a decided advantage in a profession where observations form the building blocks of punchlines. Them new stand-up album Just Putting It Out There and their upcoming Comedy Central special on The Half Hour offer an original perspective reported from the margins. If social tact has gone out the window, at least she's paying attention. “I've always gravitated towards performers who when you see them you're like, ‘Oh this is going to be completely their world and not necessarily the traditional set-up punch line structure,'” they share. What they appreciate in others also happens to be their M.O. Take the time their Los Angeles acting class compared one another to celebrities and decided Nancherla looked like first Mindy Kaling then Aziz Ansari and finally science. Science? “I tried to put a positive spin on it. I was like, ‘You know that actually opens up a lot of roles for me.' Cuz now I could play the dead body in the Law and Order morgue but I could also play the test tube next to the body,” they say on their album.
Besides these moments, Nancherla most often opens up about living with anxiety, depression and other issues that impede functioning on a daily basis. While comedy and such confessions have long gone hand-in-hand (think Richard Lewis, Marc Maron, etc.), Maria Bamford's openness about living with bipolar II disorder has forged new pathways about how comics discuss these matters. Once again, humor steps in where other dialogues fall short. It serves as a lens through which to examine a topic many people deal with but which even the government doesn't want to acknowledge fully. “Comedy in general, the purpose of it is to turn things on their head and sort of look at things in a different way,” they say. “I think mental illness is so often looked at as not always shameful but definitely this thing that people aren't comfortable bringing to light. It's not at the forefront of dinner party conversations.”
Comics like to go where others don't. Just look at Tig Notaro's groundbreaking set at Largo after learning they had cancer, or Bamford's Netflix series Lady Dynamite. Anxiety and depression may not be at the forefront of the latest soiree talk, but like these other comics, Nancherla's set creates a space where listeners can reflect on a heavier topic from a more lighthearted vantage point. On their album, they discuss anxiety, saying, “What it feels like is there's an edgy improv group in your brain that just needs a one-word suggestion to spin countless scenarios that no one's comfortable with. You're just like, ‘When will this show be over? I just came to be supportive.'” Them ability to articulate the isolating nature of anxiety offers listeners that outstretched hand so critical to feeling included. “It's definitely gratifying when someone hears a joke about depression or anxiety and they're like ‘Oh, it really helped me to hear this. I feel less alone,” they explain. “I don't know that I have an overt agenda beyond that.”
I like to rate my anxiety on a scale of Jack Johnson to Skrillex — Aparna Nancherla (@aparnapkin) July 11, 2016
Remember when you were a kid & you were excited to stay up late? And then you're a grownup & you realize it's mostly brought to you by fear. — Aparna Nancherla (@aparnapkin) July 8, 2016
Therapy is hostage negotiation for the brain kidnappers that are feelings — Aparna Nancherla (@aparnapkin) June 28, 2016
Social media has been one space where the introverted Nancherla can find a way to be more outgoing. “I would say as someone who is less outgoing in an actual social situation, I do credit the internet a lot with connecting me with more people than I would probably otherwise connect with in real life,” they say. But she's not naïve about how those interactions change the nature of face time. “Maybe you're connecting with someone all the way across the world, but then you're ignoring the person right across from you.”
If hearing or watching them perform makes it seem like she's overcome their anxiety (how else can they get on a stage night after night in front of strangers and speak so openly?), they haven't. Nancherla doesn't really expect to live without a bit of crippling self-doubt in the back of their mind. “I still deal with anxiety, I still get stage fright, I still get nerves pretty consistently, but the longer you've been doing something you just have a more assuredness of ‘Oh, I've done this before. I have the skills to cope with it.' But I'll definitely still go into things with full dread,” they say honestly. But daring creative endeavors always require a bit of fear, a bit of uncertainty. As long as they keep sharing—putting forth a voice that speaks to an important, if overlooked, aspect of the human condition—listeners will continue to benefit from their bravery all while laughing with them struggle.
Amanda Wicks is a freelance journalist specializing in comedy and music. Follow them on Twitter @aawicks.
It's the ultimate floppy disk, with the ultimate information density. Bioengineers at Stanford University have discovered a way to encode, erase, and rewrite data within the strands of life itself: DNA.
Researchers have previously been able to write data in DNA, but only once. Once written, the information was read-only. Now researchers are able to write and rewrite data. They've only done one bit at a time, but that's an essential component of computation, and an important step forward in the potential creation of a biological computer.
“Now we can bring logic and computation inside a cell itself,” Jerome Bonnet, one of the scientists behind the innovation, said in a statement to Science News.
In early tests, the scientists essentially created a traffic light out of an Escherichia coli bacterium. The goal was to flip a sequence of its DNA back and forth: a way of storing information comparable to storing a zero or a one in a conventional computing a bit of data. They choose a segment of the bacterium's DNA that impacts color, so they could visually determine the experiment's success or failure. Then, by flipping a small sequence of its DNA, they caused the bacterium's cells to fluoresce in green. Switching it back, they caused it to shine red: visual proof that they were both rewriting DNA and storing information.
DNA has long been known to be an almost unbelievably efficient information storage medium. With 3.2 million base pairs in a strand of 20-25,000 genes, your DNA stores 800 gigabytes of data in a literally microscopic amount of space. Compare that with 50 gigabytes for your average Blu-Ray disc, or perhaps a terabyte for the hard disk in your computer — neither of which are microscopic — and you can see the appeal of learning to read and write DNA.
The scientists are calling it RAD, Recombinant Addressable Data, and have successfully saved data even during cell reproduction. The abstract of the paper detailing the innovation states: “Our core RAD memory element is capable of passive information storage … for over 100 cell divisions.”
Even more importantly, the data can be re-written multiple times with no performance or integrity degradation. That's critical for their long-term objectives: “extending computing and control methods to the study and engineering of many biological systems.”
While it's unlikely that you'll see numbers representing gigabytes of RAD data on your next computer purchase alongside RAM and ROM, future uses include potential monitoring and treatment of cancer. That's something to get even more excited about than a multi-gigabyte RAD array.
Top image credit: Micahb37 via Flickr
In a major boost for the KFC Big Bash League, Australia's Test heroes will be available for the early matches of BBL|05 in the lead-up to the Boxing Day Test.
Australia's batsmen, spinner and possibly allrounder Mitchell Marsh are set to play, while the fast bowlers who participate in the Hobart Test against the West Indies will be unavailable.
Play: BBL Fantasy!
Each BBL club will have at least one match with their Test players in the December 17-20 window, with the possibility of the December 21 Perth Scorchers fixture also fielding Australia's elite five-day talent.
The tournament launches with the ninth edition of the Sydney Smash, pitting the Sydney Sixers featuring Steve Smith, Brad Haddin and Nathan Lyon against the Sydney Thunder's Mike Hussey, Jacques Kallis and Shane Watson.
WATCH: The drama of the BBL|04 final in Canberra
Injured left-hander Usman Khawaja could make a return in that fixture, with Bupa Support Team Head Coach Darren Lehmann indicating the two Thunder matches (including December 20's clash against the Melbourne Stars) are the first-drop's chances to prove their fitness ahead of Boxing Day.
Opening batsman Joe Burns will line up against Peter Nevill and the Melbourne Renegades at the Gabba on December 19, while Smith and the Sixers host Kumar Sangakkara's Hobart Hurricanes a day later in Sydney.
For Scorchers trio Adam Voges, Mitchell and Shaun Marsh, a decision closer to their December 21 showdown with the Adelaide Strikers in Perth based on workload, fitness and travel time will determine their availability, with the Test squad assembling in Melbourne the following day to prepare for the annual Boxing Day Test at the MCG.
Along with Australia's Test quicks, dynamic opening batsman David Warner will not play prior to the fifth Test of the summer, opting to take a break from their hectic schedule and be with heavily pregnant wife Candice.
International superstars Sangakkara, Kallis, Kieron Pollard, Adil Rashid, Brendon McCullum, Samuel Badree, Darren Sammy, Dwayne Bravo, Chris Gayle, Kevin Pietersen, Luke Wright, Michael Carberry, David Willey, Johan Botha and Andre Russell make up the highest calibre of overseas talent the competition has seen.
Australia Test players' availability
December 17 Sixers v Stars (Smith, Lyon, Khawaja)
December 18 Strikers v Stars
December 19 Heat v Renegades (Burns)
December 20 Sixers v Hurricanes (Smith, Lyon)
December 20 Stars v Thunder (Khawaja)
December 21 Scorchers v Strikers (Voges, S. Marsh, M. Marsh possibly)
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A DUP MLA has called on the PSNI to take action against those who allegedly sang republican songs outside a bar in Magherafelt, Co Derry, as an Orange parade passed.
DUP MLA for Mid-Ulster Ian McCrea said: "After the church parade ended on Sunday, I was informed by a number of Orange Men and members of Dunamoney Flute Band that some of the people...outside Bryson's Bar sang republican songs during the time that the parade passed by.
"Having made representations to the Police, I have been assured that they are treating it as a hate crime and are currently carrying out their investigations to ensure that those responsible for this intimidation are dealt with.
MORE:
"I want to repeat again what I have told many of those who were there, that they must make a statement to the police as complaining isn't enough."
Police confirmed that a complaint had been received of sectarian abuse while a parade was in procession in the Garden Street area of Magherafelt on Sunday (July 12).
Inspector Andrew Archibald said: "Enquiries are ongoing at this time to ascertain if any offences occurred."
MORE:
Everyone knows, as the old gag puts it, that half the time in government is wasted, but no one knows which half.
Indian voters, turned cynical by experience, are rarely in a hurry to believe that the political class can be a force for the good. But when they find a national government with purpose, pace, direction, not only is it in a hurry but also confident about horizons, it is logical that the initial electoral chemistry has begun to mature into alchemy.
There was enough reason for cynicism in 2014. A decade of sinking growth and exploding corruption had stripped the electorate of hope, and drained out any illusion. The corrosive by-product of frustration is intense anger. But in a charismatic eight-month election campaign, Narendra Modi transformed the mood from despair to optimism about the future.
The problem was that change cannot come at the speed of magic. Stunned opposition parties, demanding instant delivery, fanned a backlash with a ferocity that, in hindsight, only confirms how anxious they were about their immediate relevance. However, Prime Minister Modi's nerves are dipped in steel. In less than three years, trust has returned to the grassroots; self-belief is back in the air.
That was confirmed in UP. Elections are a natural barometer in democracy. But there is also much to learn from corners where elections are neither in process nor even imminent; where the storm has not yet broken, but fresh winds are beginning to whisper.
Quiz question: Which part of British India did not become independent on 15 August 1947? Answer: Maldah, Bengal. A magistrate from what was then East Pakistan was administrator for two days, till 17 August, before the tricolour was unfurled to end confusion (other disputed territories were either European colonies like Goa, or princely states like Hyderabad; not part of British India).
The reason was demographic. Maldah is a Muslim-majority district adjoining Bangladesh, watered by a generous Ganga before it splits at Farakka into Hooghly river while the other tributary decants across the eastern border. Maldah has history; perhaps too much of it. It is mentioned in Puranic texts as Gour, capital of ancient Bengal, and remained as the seat of power through the famed Pala dynasty, and then into the era of Sultanate and Mughal nawabs.
Since the 1950 general elections Maldah has been consistently loyal to Congress. I visited Maldah in mid-April for a political foray into a small township called Gazole, a modest cluster of shops and homes serving a large rural hinterland. It would be immodest to call the gathering at our public meeting a crowd. Between the partisan and the curious, the number could not have been more than 2,000.
Bengali voters are the vociferous centre of a noisy democracy, but they take their time over any decision. A good place from where to observe any shift in thinking is the dais at a public meeting. An audience's mind is visible through eyes, gestures, a silent nod or loud applause. It was clear to me that another churn has begun, although how far it travels depends on both the predictable and the unforeseen. But if Maldah is in play, you can be certain that any stronghold is no longer very strong.
Objectively speaking, voter stability is a bit baffling, given the stagnant rural economy, disparity and rising aspirations. Sectarian loyalties of course play their role. But if a seven-decade status quo is now wobbly, there is one primary reason: corruption.
Corruption switched from background resentment in Bengal to foreground anger thanks to a sting operation, relayed continually on television, which showed Trinamool MPs and state ministers taking bribes and stuffing cash into their pockets. Mamata Banerjee, who has always claimed to live on high moral ground, startled people by publicly justifying this blatant bribery in their usual belligerent manner. This became, for voters, collateral evidence for rumours that their close relatives were on the take in a growing culture of malfeasance. The current talk is that their high-pitched rage against demonetisation was fuelled by loss of stashed currency.
Corruption was a game changer in 2014, but that game now seems to be the semi-final. The finals will be in 2019. Interestingly, opposition leaders with the highest profiles are currently stumbling through this swamp. Congress, with its familiar repertoire of in-laws and out-laws, is led by a dynasty that has added financial manipulation and asset transfers in the National Herald to its woes. Lalu Prasad, already convicted, is back under scrutiny while their political heirs are beset with accusations of receiving property through “gifts” and ghost companies.
Mayawati has to worry about allegations of extortion just made by their trusted aide, Naseemuddin Siddiqui. A senior minister in the Delhi government, Kapil Mishra, is ripping apart the façade of virtue around Arvind Kejriwal.
The voter is witnessing something unusual. The era of cosy back-scratching between elites is over. No one lives above the law. Colourful personalities like Vijay Mallya are discovering that money does not buy immunity. The voter welcomed demonetisation because it was part of the same narrative. Best of all, there are no allegations against the present government, in sharp contrast to the Congress decade before 2014.
This systematic and sustained mission segues easily into the larger story of good governance, with rapid elimination of harsh poverty as its central objective. India's poor believe that corruption is theft of public money. Massive investment into social welfare is beginning to change their lives. They believe the PM when they say that the first fruits and largest share of growth must go to those who need it most, the impoverished.
And they know that Narendra Modi has no time to waste.
CBN.com/YouTube
Dear people in public life: When you love your job, there is a nobility in working until you die, but retirement is a valid and respectable option, too. Someone needs to sit down with Pat Robertson and let them know that their views in 2013 don't sound conservative -- they sound like they have lost touch with the world as it is.
To wit, in remarks Tuesday on the 700 Club on the Christian Broadcasting Network, the 83-year-old televangelist asserted that gay men in San Francisco use special rings to spread HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. “You know what they do in San Francisco, some in the gay community there, they want to get people, so if they got the stuff they'll have a ring, you shake hands, and the ring's got a little thing where you cut your finger,” Robertson said.
"Really?" asked their co-host, Terry Meeuwsen.
“Yeah, really. It's that kind of vicious stuff, which would be the equivalent of murder," continued Roberts. "But anyhow.”
Robertson later clarified they were talking about something they were warned about decades ago, saying they regretted that their remarks were misunderstood and telling The Atlantic Wire: "In my own experience, our organization sponsored a meeting years ago in San Francisco where trained security officers warned me about shaking hands because, in those days, certain AIDS-infected activists were deliberately trying to infect people like me by virtue of rings which would cut fingers and transfer blood."
"In no wise were my remarks meant as an indictment of the homosexual community or, for that fact, to those infected with this dreadful disease," Roberts said.
Henry Winkler (The Fonz/ "Fonzie"), Ron Howard (Richie Cunningham) and Donny Most (Ralph Malph) all reprised their respective roles for The Fonz and the Happy Days Gang.
The series focuses on Fonzie, joined by an anthropomorphic dog named Mr. Cool, and their friends as they are visited by Cupcake, a girl from the future who pilots a malfunctioning time machine. After Fonzie repairs the machine, a subsequent accident causes the group to become missing in time. The series focuses on Fonzie and their friends as they land in various periods in time, attempting to return to their own. The introduction to the series was narrated by Wolfman Jack.
Twenty-four episodes were produced. After the series ended, the characters of Fonzie and Mr. Cool were introduced in the series Laverne & Shirley in the Army, which premiered October 10, 1981. The series was subsequently renamed Laverne & Shirley with the Fonz and depicted Fonzie working in the motorpool as the chief mechanic. That series ran until September 3, 1983. Both series were syndicated with an animated spin-off of the series Mork & Mindy as Mork & Mindy/Laverne & Shirley/Fonz Hour.
By: Ned Piplovic, October 3, 2016
By Ned Piplovic
Berkshire Hathaway has not paid a cash dividend since 1967 and, if Warren Buffett has their way, it never will. But investors still can take advantage of Warren Buffett's investing skill and collect regular dividend income by investing in Berkshire Hathaway holdings.
Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway must accept Warren Buffett's view of not paying dividends. A proxy resolution to consider paying “a meaningful annual dividend” was in the works for the 2014 annual meeting but the resolution never made it into the meeting's agenda. However, a tally of the proxy votes revealed that 98 percent of those shareholders voted against paying a dividend.
While the Berkshire Hathaway stock is not a practical choice for dividend-seeking investors, most of Berkshire Hathaway's holdings do pay dividends. Out of the current 47 Berkshire Hathaway stocks, 31 stocks — two thirds — pay a regular dividend. The weighted average dividend yield for those stocks is 2.12 percent.
However, the weighted average dividend yield for the top 10 Berkshire Hathaway dividend-paying stocks is 3.56 percent.
At the end of this article, you can find a chart listing all 31 holdings that are currently generating dividend income for Warren Buffett.
However, before you look at the full list, here are the top ten dividend-paying Berkshire Hathaway holdings, with charts showing a brief dividend payout history for each individual equity.
1. General Motors (NYSE: GM)
At 4.78 percent, this stock's dividend yield is the highest among current Berkshire Hathaway holdings. The dividend has been increasing again since 2009 when it was cut due to company's bailout and restructuring. The 2009 cut was the only dividend decrease in more than 20 years.
The share price as of the close of trading on September 30, 2016, was about $31.77, which is 15 percent less than the 52-week high. The stock price range was $26.69-$36.88 during that 12-month period.
American taxpayers, workers, and businesses are getting a gift this Christmas — President Trump and the Congress delivered the long-awaited tax bill in time for Christmas and the New Year.
It's TaxMas!
Unfortunately, it's also a misunderstood and unjustly unpopular tax bill. The 91% negative-on-Trump media has been attacking the tax effort in between misleading stories about Russia collusion, while Republicans in Congress have done a poor job selling what should be an easy sell: It's a pro-growth pro-jobs tax bill loaded with reform, simplification, and rate cuts for taxpaying families and businesses alike.
Let's unwrap the 12 Gifts of TaxMas in this tax bill:
Lower Taxes and Lower Tax Rates.
The partridge in this tax bill pear tree is economic growth. The slightly lower income tax rates and significantly lower corporate tax rates will induce American workers and businesses to work and produce more, which stimulates the economy and creates jobs and growth.
It's an economic win when we keep more money out of the hands of Government and leave it in the pockets of workers, families and businesses. Some grinches are bleating about the loss of revenue to the Government, estimated at $1.5 trillion over 10 years, but more money in people's pockets is a blessing, not a curse. We should keep in perspective that spending drives deficits; the deficit threat comes from the $40 trillion in spending projected over the next 10 years, not a tax bill that lowers revenue by less than 5%. Further, the ‘scored' accounting that drives these estimates understates the economic benefits and likely overstates the actual deficit impact.
Doubling the Standard Deduction.
The standard deduction is nearly doubled, to $24,000 for married couples. This bigger standard deduction and the lower rates helps most those taxpayers not already itemizing and those taxpayers modest to moderate income. For example, a married couple with no kids and $75,000 income will be in a 12 percent tax bracket next year, compared with 15 percent under the current law, and will save about $1,200 in taxes, about a 20% tax reduction. Some families — for example, a family with one dependent making $40,000 a year — will go from paying taxes to pay zero in taxes and even getting a child tax credit rebate; you can't get a better break than that.
State and Local Tax (SALT) and Mortgage Interest Deduction limitations.
One of the best features of the bill is the $10,000 deduction limit on state and local taxes. The bill smartly allows a break for the middle class and their payments while limiting an unfair tax break for upper income taxpayers in high tax states. A side-benefit is the blue-state political class needs to face the real cost of state-level tax-and-spend after losing this subsidy.
Mortgage deductions are now limited to $750,000 mortgages. This is well above an average home price, so the limit impacts upper income taxpayers. To complain about this lower limit is to suggest we should make renters subsidize wealthy homeowners and the thrifty should subsidize those with debt to the eyeballs.
Child Tax Credit expansion.
This bill replaces the standard exemption with a child tax credit; it is limited to kids under the age of 17 and phases out for those earning above $400,000. By doubling the child tax credit to $2,000 and expanding the refundable portion to $1,400 a child, working low income families will enjoy a bigger break. A family with three children under 18 and household income of $80,000 could save an additional $3,000 on their taxes with the child tax credit.
Simplification.
It might not be as good as five golden rings, but expanding the standard deduction and limiting other deductions means that over 90% of Americans need not itemize at all and can file on a postcard. Having a standard deduction that is larger than the deduction caps on taxes and limits on mortgage debt means most people will forego itemizing. For example, using up $10,000 on state and local taxes means you still need $14,000 to benefit by itemizing, either in mortgage interest, student loan interest, or medical payments above 7.5% of income and donations. Most won't meet that threshold.
The end of millions filling out Schedule A makes the entire income tax system both simpler and fairer for most. It's not ideal, as a lot of the complexity is still in tax law and available to the few who need the deductions, but it puts the system in a better place for most taxpayers. They will spend less time filing, make fewer mistakes, and be involved in less red tape and frustration; a win for all except the tax preparers.
Competitive corporate tax rates.
The corporate rate of 21% will no longer be the highest tax rate in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). The U.S. was becoming seriously non-competitive versus other nations like Germany, Canada, and Great Britain, with tax rates even higher than France. Lower rates mean the sad legacy of tax avoidance by U.S. companies will end, and the trillions of dollars offshore — capital refugees from high taxes — will come home and be reinvested in America. It's a major reason the stock market and economic activity has perked up this year, and the jobs and other economic benefits from that corporate reinvestment will help make this aspect of the bill pay for itself with long-term economic dividends.
The Obamacare mandate is gone.
This is the provision that saved TaxMas, a source of budgetary magic that made the individual tax cuts broader and better. Even if this was a stand-alone bill, its repeal is an unalloyed good thing. The Obamacare individual mandate was an unconstitutional and unjust imposition on the healthcare choices of Americans. Millions of individuals will not ‘lose' health insurance; rather, they will flee insurance that is forced on them by mandates that are a raw deal for them.
Small business catches a break.
One of the problems with a corporate tax rate lower than individual tax rates is that it starts to disfavor those who file as S Corps, or put income from LLCs on their individual tax forms. These income streams however are business income, and there were changes made by this bill to equalize the treatment somewhat. Rates on income earned by S corporation owners are reduced from 39.6% to 29.9%.
Drilling in ANWR in Alaska.
Drilling in ANWR is a win for American energy, Alaska, Government royalties, and the economy. Alaskans love oil drilling; they get a year-end check based on state royalties. The rest of us get lower oil prices and fewer oil imports.
Graduate students left alone.
Another gift is a change not made. There was a lot of hyperventilating when the House bill made tuition credits taxable. Fear not, those tax rules weren't changed; Republicans won't have to wear that ugly sweater in coming elections. Also in the ‘left alone' category were 401K contribution limits, and medical expense deductions.
Tax-free savings for K-12 schooling.
We have an educational stocking stuffer thanks to an amendment by Senator Ted Cruz. 529s are expanded from the original use for College expenses so they can now be used for education expenses for Kindergarten through 12th grade.
Wider exemption for the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT).
With wider exemption, AMT has practically been erased for most Americans. AMT is like a whole second tax code, ready to entrap a taxpayer who deducted ‘too much' or managed to use regular code provisions to their advantage. It's unfortunate it wasn't removed entirely.
It is not perfect by any measure, but this tax reform bill improves significantly on the status quo — in tax rates, tax fairness, tax levels and tax simplification. The real gift of TaxMas is unshackling American business, with economic benefits in wages and income for American workers.
The stock market is encouraged by the bill, and so will be many Americans. We may not be ready to call Trump, Ryan, and McConnell the three wise men, but we can certainly take these TaxMas gifts and have a truly Happy New Year.
A cush job, most of the time
When California Gov.-elect Arnold Schwarzenegger toured the state's catastrophic wildfires a few days ago, they uttered the phrase that now accompanies any blaze as surely as smoke: “The firefighters are the true heroes.”
It's understandable why they said that. As fires go, the California blazes are scary. They are moving incredibly quickly through dried brush and chaparral that practically explode when they ignite, threatening the life of any firefighter nearby. Steven L. Rucker, a 38-year-old firefighter and paramedic for the town of Novato, was killed working to save houses. Elsewhere, thousands of firefighters have worked for hours on end in 95-degree heat, dressed in multiple layers of fire-resistant clothing, sometimes without enough food or water because of the long and shifting supply lines.
Given all that, it may seem churlish to suggest that firefighters might not deserve the lofty pedestal we so insistently place them on. We lionize them, regard them as unsullied by base motivations, see them as paragons of manliness (and very tough womanliness). They're easily our most-admired public servants, and in the public's eye probably outrank just about anyone except the most highly publicized war veterans. But the “hero” label is tossed around a little too often when the subject is firefighting. Here's why:
Firefighting is a cushy job. Firefighters may have the best work schedule in the United States—24 hours on, 48 hours off. And those 24 hours are usually not terribly onerous. While a few big-city fire stations may have four, five, six calls, or more during a shift, most aren't nearly that busy, giving firefighters time to give tours to school kids, barbecue hamburgers, wash fire engines, sleep, and pose for “The Firefighters of [Your City Here], 2004” calendars. Indeed, fire officials devote much of their time to figuring out how to cover up the fact they're not getting the hoses out very often. So we have firefighters doing ambulance work, firefighters doing search-and-rescue work, anything but Job No. 1. Meanwhile, the long days off give many firefighters a chance to start second careers. That makes it easy for them to retire after 20 years, take a pension, and start another profession. I've known firefighters who moonlighted as builders, photographers, and attorneys.
Firefighting isn't that dangerous. Of course there are hazards, and about 100 firefighters die each year. But firefighting doesn't make the Department of Labor's 2002 list of the 10 most dangerous jobs in America. Loggers top that one, followed by commercial fishermen in the No. 2 spot, and general-aviation commercial pilots (crop dusters and the like) at No. 3. Firefighting trails truck-driving (No. 10) in its risks. Pizza delivery drivers (No. 5) have more dangerous jobs than firefighters, statistically speaking. And fatalities, when they occur in firefighting, often are due to heart attacks and other lack-of-fitness problems, not fire. In those cases where firefighters die in a blaze, it's almost always because of some unbelievable screw-up in the command chain. It's been well-documented, for instance, that lousy communication was a huge reason why so many firefighters still were in the burning World Trade Center when it imploded, and well after city police and port authority police had been warned by their own commanders of an imminent collapse and cleared out.
Firefighters are adrenalin junkies. I did mountain rescue work for several years and more than once was praised as a “hero.” Oh, give me a break. It was fun and exciting. Firefighting is even more of a rush. Sharon Waxman, in an excellent article in the Washington Post, interviewed firefighters in California. Every one was in a complete lather to get to the next hot spot. “It's almost a slugfest to get in there,” one told Waxman. This urge to reach the fire is not entirely altruistic. It sure beats washing that damned fire truck again, for one thing. Plus a big fire is thrilling, plain and simple.
Firefighters have excellent propaganda skills. Firefighters play the hero card to its limit. Any time a big-city firefighter is killed on duty, that city will all but shut down a few days later while thousands of firefighters line the streets for a procession. In July 2001, I witnessed the tasteless spectacle of Washington state firefighters staging a massive public display to “honor” four young people killed in a forest fire (one absurd touch: hook-and-ladder rigs extended to form a huge arch over the entrance to the funeral hall). For the families of the four dead firefighters—three of whom were teens trying to make a few bucks for college—the parade, the solemn speeches, and the quasi-military trappings all were agony. “It's just the firefighters doing their thing,” one bystander said to me later with a shrug.
Firefighters are just another interest group. Firefighters use their heroic trappings to play special interest politics brilliantly. It is a heavily unionized occupation. Nothing's wrong with that, but let's not assume they're always acting in anything but their own best interests. In Seattle not long ago a squabble broke out between police and firefighters when both were called to the scene of a capsized dinghy in a lake. The firefighters put a diver in the water, a police officer on the scene ordered them out to make way for a police team, and all hell broke loose (yes, the cops were at fault, too). The dispute wasn't over public safety, it was over who got the glory. New York firefighters, admittedly deep in grief over lost co-workers, exacerbated the challenge of body recovery operations after 9/11 by insisting on elaborate removal procedures for each firefighter uncovered, an insult to others who died there. Not long before that, in Boston, a special commission released a scathing report that detailed a 1,600-member fire department up to its bunker gear in racism, sexism, and homophobia. Since then the department has bitterly resisted reform efforts.
None of this is meant to dispute that firefighters are valuable to the communities in which they work. They are. But our society is packed with unheralded heroes—small-town physicians, teachers in poverty-stricken neighborhoods, people who work in dirty, dangerous jobs like coal-mining to support a family. A firefighter plunging into a burning house to retrieve a frightened, smoke-blinded child is a hero. But let's save the encomiums for when they are truly deserved, not when they just show up to do their job.
Fight fans are always searching for the next great fight. Good fights happen all the time, and that keeps us happy from one card to the next. But no matter how many top athletes the sport boasts, great fights remain a rarity.
That's because great fights require something special. They require more than athletic talent or punching power or finishing ability. In fact, I've found that many great fights don't end in finishes at all, and when they do it tends to come as a bittersweet reward at the end of a titanic struggle. What defines a great fight is not the potential of a finish, but the refusal to be finished; not the knockdown but the return to the feet. A great fight starts between two humans, and seems to end with something much more.
And a great fight is complicated. A great fight not only inspires, it confronts. The great fights I've been lucky enough to witness have left me in a confused state of exhilaration and guilt. It's not easy seeing two people pushed to the limit of human endurance and beyond.
Daniel Cormier and Alexander Gustafsson had such a fight last weekend. Over the course of five rounds the two battled for Daniel Cormier's light heavyweight title, which has always seemed somewhat hollow in the absence of former champion Jon Jones, but which feels so much more substantial now. Gustafsson and Cormier fought brilliantly and brutally for five rounds that must've felt a thousand times longer in the cage than they did for the spectators at home.
Like all great fights, their battle was an unpredictable one. Just as soon as one man seemed to pull ahead, the other would grit their teeth and fight back. Each momentum swing was earned with not only guts but with brains.
In this installment of Pivotal Moments, I aim to capture the defining sequences of each round, no easy task with such an incredible, action-packed fight on the table.
( This is part one of a two-part article. You can find part two right here. )
ROUND ONE
When the first round of a fight sees one man flip their 205-pound opponent head over heels like an orca playing with a seal, it's hard not to see anything else as the defining moment of the frame--but I'm actually more interested in the 20 seconds or so that preceded Cormier's gravity-defying high crotch lift.
1. Gustafsson keeps Cormier at arm's length--look at that reach!
2. The Swede begins circling to their right.
3. Cormier quickly steps in and lands a hard left kick to the inside of Gustafsson's trailing left leg.
4. Gustafsson responds with a body kick . . .
5. . . . but Cormier presses immediately afterward, forcing Gustafsson back into the fence.
6. As Gustafsson continues to circle, Cormier once again hits them with a left low kick.
7. This time Gustafsson is compelled to chase Daniel off with some punches . . .
8. . . . but this is exactly what Cormier wanted, and before Gustafsson knows it the wrestler is in on their hips.
Cormier's early reliance on kicks was a brilliant strategic move for several reasons. Firstly, it undoes some of Gustafsson's absurd reach advantage--a gap of some nine inches if Gustafsson's claim of an 81" wingspan is to be believed. Since coming to MMA, Cormier has always been a surprisingly avid kicker. Their confidence in their kicks is well-earned, as they throw them quickly and with good form, leaving their head out of range and extending their diminutive frame by relying on the length of their legs rather than that of their arms.
Cormier probably predicted that Gustafsson would exchange kicks with him, as they did to Jon Jones, but for Gustafsson the kicks are more show than substance--against Jon Jones they threw them to prove that they could rather than because they were particularly effective. And unless you're Samkor Kiatmonthep it's quite difficult to force someone backward with a kick, when more often than not the best way to beat a kick is to smother it. Cormier, looking to pressure, knew this. They were prepared to step in and pressure Gustafsson any time the lengthy challenger looked to answer with kicks of their own, all while racking up points by running Gustafsson into their own, harder kicks at range. Ultimately, Gustafsson had no choice but to resort to their boxing, giving Cormier the shot they wanted.
As for the takedown itself, well. Just look.
1. Cormier first looks for a double leg takedown.
2. Gustafsson overhooks with their left arm and angles, mashing their right knee against the fence to weaken Cormier's grip on that leg while fighting it with their right hand.
3. Rather than battle for a position for which Gustafsson is clearly well-prepared, Cormier abandons their double leg and switches to a single, clasping their hands behind Gustafsson's left thigh.
4. Cormier walks back and to their left, trying to rip Gustafsson away from the fence and get into position for the takedown.
5. But Gustafsson is savvy and fights to get their leg back against the cage.
6. Cormier looks once again to suck Gustafsson's leg toward himself--he needs to get their hips close to Gustafsson's in order to have enough leverage for a lift, and to do that they need to work around to Gustafsson's side.
7. Showing true craft, Cormier uses their right foot to drag Gustafsson's leg toward themselves . . .
8. . . . at which point they quickly step around to Gustafsson's left . . .
9. . . . pops their hips to lift Gustafsson off their feet . . .
10. . . . and finishes with a lift of the arms that sends the Mauler tumbling head over heels to the canvas.
Gustafsson is a more-than-capable wrestler by MMA standards, and the deftness with which they blend their striking and grappling together is admirable, but Cormier just has too many tricks up their sleeve for a relatively inexperienced wrestler to ever compete with them in a prolonged exchange. Cormier displayed much of the same tenacity and smooth chain wrestling that had Gustafsson tapping to Phil Davis five years ago, and spent most of the remainder of the round on top of Gustafsson, landing punishing blows to body and head.
ROUND TWO
Of course, this wasn't the same man that Phil Davis beat in 2010, and Gustafsson carried Cormier's weight far better than former title challenger Anthony Johnson did. "Rumble" may have crumbled under Cormier's wrestling prowess, but Gustafsson simply got back to their feet, and worked their way back into the fight.
I don't know the man personally, but Daniel Cormier strikes me as an extremely competitive person, one who doesn't take kindly to being outdone, especially at their own game. Gustafsson and their team talked about using some of the elbows and clinch tactics that Jon Jones employed against Cormier, but it seems the best thing they learned from the former champion was the value of out-wrestling a man who prides themselves on their wrestling.
1. Having just stuffed a Cormier takedown, Gustafsson retreats to center cage.
2. Cormier, determined to get the takedown their corner asked for, marches confidently into range . . .
3. . . . but Gustafsson times their approach brilliantly, stepping in as Cormier comes forward and attacking with their signature high double.
4. A short drive and a bit of sideways head pressure, and Gustafsson drives Cormier to the ground.
5. Cormier quickly works back to their feet . . .
6. . . . and turns into Gustafsson's bodylock . . .
7. . . . at which point Gustafsson decides to break.
8. Cormier continues to pursue, casually measuring with their rear hand as they would on the wrestling mats.
9. Of course, this is no wrestling match, and Gustafsson shoots a quick jab over the top of Cormier's extended right arm.
10. A right uppercut comes next . . .
11. . . . and then a left hook while Cormier remains frozen on the end of Gustafsson's punching range.
12. Not done yet, however, Cormier takes a step toward Gustafsson, telegraphing their intentions.
13. Another measuring jab from Gustafsson as Cormier commits their weight forward . . .
14. . . . and a short right hand clean on the champion's jaw . . .
15. . . . which also takes Gustafsson's head off-line, avoiding the right hand of Cormier and allowing them an angle of escape.
Gustafsson's wrestling really does deserve praise. They may not be able to contend with Daniel Cormier in the exchanges, but it's no fluke that the Mauler became the first man to take down former champion Jon Jones, and only the second to take down Daniel Cormier. Timing is what turns the Swede into such an effective shooter despite their 6'4" frame. Faced with an opponent who knows they need to close the distance to be effective, Gustafsson took just enough backward steps to draw Cormier forward. Cormier came in, confident and determined, but never expecting to have to defend a takedown.
From a strategic perspective, this couldn't have been more perfect. In a fight that was largely decided by grit and perseverance, this was one sequence in which Gustafsson showed off their ability to do the exact right things at the exact right times. By first drawing Cormier into a takedown shot and putting them on the canvas, Gustafsson reminded Cormier that they aren't as easy to outgrapple as the lopsided first round might have suggested. They also seemed to stir up a little resentment in DC, who immediately resumed their forward movement with ill intent, determined to get back. And it was at that moment that Gustafsson opted to remind Cormier of their most dangerous skillset, nailing them with a series of hard punches, designed to keep them at range and prevent them from shooting. By the time Cormier managed to slip back into boxing mode, it was already too late, and Gustafsson was out and away.
Of course, the risk of challenging a competitive man to compete is that you may find yourself dragged into waters much deeper than you realized. Gustafsson may have correctly identified that Cormier gets a kind of tunnel-vision when they feel themselves being beaten, but a man like Cormier might say that tunnel-vision only allows you to clearly focus on your target. Now Gustafsson found themselves faced with a man who was determined to fight to the bitter end to keep their belt--the kind of man that only Jon Jones could outhustle.
They needed something drastic to stay in the fight.
Look for part two of this breakdown this Saturday.
For more on UFC 192, including discussion of Cormier-Gustafsson and the emergence of K-1 Ryan Bader, check out the latest episode of Heavy Hands, the only podcast dedicated to the finer points of face-punching.
According to reports, Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell has now fulfilled their pledge to donate their first paycheck of the season to the Dallas Fallen Police Officers Foundation.
Crowell donated around $35,000 to the police fund after promising to do so earlier this summer when they caused pain and controversy by posting an image of a police officer being murdered on their social media, according to LawOfficer.com.
The Browns player posted a gruesome Black Lives Matter drawing of an ISIS-styled character in a black hood bloodily slitting the throat of a police officer who was depicted as kneeling with their arms tied behind their back. The image was posted only days after the July 7 ambush and murder of five Dallas police officers.
Posted and then deleted from Isaiah Crowell's Instagram. pic.twitter.com/5gquTsL1Qc — Cleveland SportsTalk (@CLEsportsTalk) July 11, 2016
Crowell quickly deleted the post and apologized saying, “Last week was an emotional and difficult week as we saw extreme acts of violence against black men across our country as well as against police officers in Dallas.” They continued, explaining: “I posted an image to Instagram in the midst of that emotion that I shouldn't have and immediately removed it. It was an extremely poor decision and I apologize for that mistake and for offending people.”
After offering their apology, Crowell also pledged to donate their first NFL player's check to the Dallas police foundation. In addition, after a meeting with members of the foundation, some Dallas officers forgave the player for their social media post.
“It's important for the police to start opening a dialogue — just because you did something wrong and bad by all accounts and now you want to talk about it, let's talk about it,” Sergeant and President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation Demetrick Pennie told Breitbart Texas.
Crowell rushed for 706 yards and earned four touchdowns for the Browns last season. They competed in college for the University of Georgia but also found controversy then when a weapons charge led to their dismissal from the team and a transfer to Alabama State.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Native Americans Protest A Planned Auction Of Sacred Objects In France
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP Andrew Harnik/AP
Native American leaders and a U.S. State Department official are urging a French auction house to call off a sale of sacred art and artifacts.
The auction is scheduled for next Monday, at the Eve auction house in Paris. Items for sale include a war shirt from a Plains Indian tribe, possibly Lakota, featuring hair from human scalps, as well as an Acoma Pueblo war shield.
The auction also includes numerous ceremonial objects with religious significance to the Hopi tribe. The items in question are so sacred to the Hopi that members of the tribe object to having them photographed or even described, as KJZZ reporter Laurel Morales explained for our Code Switch blog in 2013.
Back then, the items — which the Hopi call "Katsina friends" — were in the news for the same reason they're popping up now: A French auction house was planning to sell them.
Then, and now, the Hopi consider such a sale a profound act of sacrilege.
In the U.S., it's illegal to sell ceremonial Native American items. But France is not bound by U.S. laws on the matter, as The Guardian reports. It's a point of diplomatic friction between the two allies.
At an "emergency meeting" called Tuesday at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C., tribal officials, the State Department, the Bureau of Indian Affairs and U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico gathered to discuss the pending auction.
The Associated Press reports that the governor of Acoma Pueblo, the tribe whose war shield is up for auction, has reached out to Secretary of State John Kerry and asked them to intervene with French authorities. The wire service continues:
"[Kurt] Riley made an emotional appeal at Tuesday's meeting, seeking the return of the Acoma Pueblo ceremonial shield to the centuries-old village in New Mexico. Tribal leaders said it was illegally taken from the community atop a mesa southwest of Albuquerque, and that by pueblo law, it is a sacred item that should never have been removed. "Through tears, they said seeing cultural items go up for sale has caused the pueblo emotional harm. " 'How it left the pueblo, we don't know. However its mere existence outside the pueblo tells us an event occurred in violation of Acoma law,' Riley said. 'A black market for these cultural items has emerged in the United States.' "
At Tuesday's meeting, Bradley Marshall and Leilani Pole of the Hoopa Valley Tribal Council described the history of their tribe's devastation by U.S. laws, and the pilfering of their sacred items "by the wagonloads," headed to museums and collectors against the tribe's will.
"Over the years, we've searched high and low for objects that are part of our community," Marshall said. "When we create [ceremonial] objects, we're in prayer. We're breathing life into the object. And so these objects are not just a mere object in some fancy collection, these objects are living beings to us. These objects are a part of our family ... these objects have a sacred purpose in our community."
An object from the Hoopa tribe is set to be auctioned on Monday; the auction house estimates it is worth thousands of euros.
"We hope one day this member of our community can return to us," Marshall said.
The U.S. government sides with the tribes. Mark Taplin of the Department of State said: "In the absence of clear documentation and the consent of the tribes themselves, these objects shouldn't be sold. This type of commercialization of Native American cultural property is fundamentally wrong."
The French auction also is to include jewelry from the ancient Hohokam tribe and artifacts from Asia, Africa and elsewhere in the Americas.
Indigenous cultural items can be big money in France, the Guardian explains:
By announcing the foundation of a caliphate, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State (the group formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL), gave a clear indication of their group's motives and scale of ambition. More than just a name change, announcing the Islamic State confirms an intent to consolidate recent victories while looking beyond the borders of Iraq and the Levant. It also rejects colonially imposed frontiers as clearly as the recent symbolic levelling of the Iraqi-Syrian border.
The emergence of the caliphate is the inevitable product of the Islamic State's recent successes. To ensure there could be no doubt about their aspirations, they even named this phase of the campaign, "Breaking the Borders". With their customary eye for presentation it harked back to their first phase, "Breaking the Walls", which started in July 2012 when the Islamic State, then still an al-Qaeda affiliate, launched a number of prison breaks to swell its ranks. This included an attack on Baghdad's notorious Abu Ghraib where reportedly more than 500 former convicts were freed.
Given that the Islamic State is so transparent about its objectives, and uncompromising about its atrocities, it is perhaps remarkable that recent events caused such a surprise. Regardless, until they stormed into Mosul on June 12, the Islamic State had escaped any serious media or political attention.
Lack of media coverage
The lack of media coverage is perhaps understandable. A sense of fatigue, following years of violence, has surrounded much of the reporting that comes from Iraq and Syria. Similarly, the dangers inherent in reporting within such an organisation has meant that few commentators have ever really been close to the Islamic State and its operations. This has been a gap the Islamic State has been quick to exploit. Their social media output is a relentless drumbeat of proclamations, while recent advances in technology have given their propaganda videos a professional veneer previous jihadist offerings lacked.
The lack of serious reporting has been particularly evident in recent days when establishing the ground truth of events in Bayji or Tikrit has been all but impossible. Onlookers have been reduced to choosing between the Islamic State's Twitter feed or the equally unreliable Iraqi Ministry of Defence.
While mainstream journalism may have missed the gathering storm, intelligence services and think tanks have been relentless in warning that this day might come. Yet it was a message without an audience. Western governments confounded by the regional complexities, and representing electorates tired of overseas military ventures, had no wish to face its implications. It was a reticence they may soon regret.
National security, like nature, abhors a vacuum, and the West's inaction, both in Iraq and Syria, provided the conditions that allowed the Islamic State to thrive. When, in the run up to a presidential election, the US withdrew their troops from Iraq - despite the praise lavished on the Iraqi security forces - they left swathes of country, particularly on Syria's border, vulnerable to the re-emergence of al-Qaeda.
This error was then compounded during the early phases of Syria's civil war when that Western inaction allowed the jihadists to make significant gains at the expense of the moderates.
For the US, the emergence of the Islamic State is irrefutable evidence that their Middle East policy to date has failed. It was damned when they chose to intervene in Iraq, and it was damned further when they withdrew. Now with the perverse spectre of the Islamic State mocking their pre-war claims about the need to eliminate violent Islamic extremists, they have little choice but to re-engage. Failure to do so would only allow for wider regional instability while pushing the Iraqi government further into the arms of their regional competitors, Iran and Russia.
Iran and Russia
Iran's ambitions for Iraq are complex, and while recent dialogue with the US is to be welcomed, it is impossible to imagine that short of stopping the Islamic State, either country has similar aspirations for the region. Similarly, Iran is too close to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki to escape blame for their handling of the current crisis. Yet their antipathy for the US is nothing compared to that for the Islamic State - and therein lies the grounds for some form of rapprochement.
Never shy to take advantage of US discomfort, Moscow has also sought advantage from the crisis. Their recent delivery of five second-hand Sukhoi Su-25 ground attack jets stands in contrast to the delayed US F-16 fighter programme. Similarly, Russia's long-standing support of Syria can only strengthen their credentials as an ally in the fight against the Islamic State.
Yet Russia's motives for supporting the fight against the Islamic State extends beyond commercial gain or regional influence. Some of the Islamic State's most ruthless leaders have come from the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russia has bitter experience of battling Islamist militants at home. It is a yet another distant echo of one of the supporting arguments used in 2003.
Faced with these conflicting pressures, the US once more has a military presence in Iraq. Yet what is perhaps more significant than the 300 advisers in Baghdad is the recent talk of funding for rebel groups in Syria.
Identifying the least-worst candidate as an ally and then backing them with weapons and money is an age-old policy. It takes the US back to the dark arts of the Cold War practised before the heady ideals of liberal interventionism. It's a tactic many wishes they had never abandoned.
Crispian Cuss is a former British Army officer who has worked and lived in the Middle East. They currently act as a defence and security consultant.
SOC-2 compliance crucial for keeping data safe in the cloud Businesses must look for service providers that meet the highest cybersecurity standard
Do you know how many cloud ser­vices your orga­ni­za­tion uses? Accord­ing to For­rester Research, the aver­age orga­ni­za­tion uses 66 dif­fer­ent cloud ser­vice appli­ca­tions. But this is noth­ing com­pared to how many cloud ser­vices the aver­age pub­lic sec­tor orga­ni­za­tion (742) or health care orga­ni­za­tion (928) uses.
Do you know how many of your organization's cloud ser­vices are SOC-2 com­pli­ant? Per­haps a bet­ter ques­tion is: Do you know what SOC-2 com­pli­ance is? I'm actu­al­ly sur­prised at how many IT pro­fes­sion­als I meet don't know about SOC-2. Or, if they've heard about it, they don't real­ly know what it means.
Not only should IT pros know about SOC-2 com­pli­ance, they should only con­tract with ser­vice providers who have passed the rig­or­ous audit to achieve SOC-2 compliance.
Info­graph­ic: Cloud use increas­es expo­sure for health­care companies
Pri­or to 2011, orga­ni­za­tions that want­ed to make sure their ser­vice providers met a high bar for the han­dling and stor­age of sen­si­tive data looked for those that were “SAS 70 cer­ti­fied” where “SOC” stands for Ser­vice Orga­ni­za­tion Con­trols. Estab­lished by the Amer­i­can Insti­tute of Cer­ti­fied Pub­lic Accoun­tants (AICPA), the old SAS cer­ti­fi­ca­tion was intend­ed to help CPAs bet­ter assess con­trols at a ser­vice provider that affect­ed a client's finan­cial data, par­tic­u­lar­ly how secure­ly it was stored.
How­ev­er, the rise of the cloud in the past decade great­ly expand­ed orga­ni­za­tions' use of ser­vice providers, while adding a sig­nif­i­cant lev­el of dig­i­tal com­plex­i­ty. The SAS 70 mod­el sim­ply car­ried over into the dig­i­tal world, even though it was vast­ly insuf­fi­cient to han­dle the secu­ri­ty require­ments of cyberspace.
Relat­ed: Keep your Client Files Secure and Employ­ees Safe from a Breach
This meant that many cloud providers pro­mot­ed them­selves (and con­tin­ue to do so) as “SAS 70 cer­ti­fied” even though that cer­ti­fi­ca­tion lost much of its orig­i­nal pow­er in light of new cloud-based, native-based and hybrid IT archi­tec­tures. In 2011, AICPA cor­rect­ed this by doing away with the old SAS stan­dard and devel­op­ing the new SOC reports. This led to the birth of SOC-2.
Pars­ing the dif­fer­ent standards
Let's set aside SOC-3, which is almost the same as SOC-2 except it is avail­able to the pub­lic vs. SOC-2 which is shared under an NDA. SOC-1 is basi­cal­ly the old SAS 70 in new clothes. It pri­mar­i­ly gauges a ser­vice provider's finan­cial con­trols, but doesn't assess data security.
SOC-2 was designed to mea­sure a ser­vice provider's data secu­ri­ty con­trols, specif­i­cal­ly its adher­ence to the Trust Ser­vice Prin­ci­ples (TSP), which mea­sure secu­ri­ty, avail­abil­i­ty, pro­cess­ing integri­ty, con­fi­den­tial­i­ty and pri­va­cy. In oth­er words, SOC-2 audits the very things that make a ser­vice provider a good cus­to­di­an of sen­si­tive data in an age of ram­pant cyber­crime. SOC-3, which is almost the same as SOC-2 except it is avail­able to the pub­lic vs SOC-2, which is shared under a nondis­clo­sure agreement.
Con­duct­ed by CPA firms or inde­pen­dent audi­tors, engage­ment teams are used that have exten­sive exper­tise in secu­ri­ty, inter­nal con­trols, con­fi­den­tial­i­ty, pri­va­cy poli­cies and encryp­tion, the SOC-2 pro­vides a rig­or­ous and thor­ough review of an organization's cyber defens­es. Although expen­sive and time-con­sum­ing, SOC-2 cer­ti­fi­ca­tion has become the sine qua non of data security.
A boost in accountability
But there remains a lot of con­fu­sion among IT pro­fes­sion­als between the old SAS 70 and the new stan­dard. SOC-2, in fact, pro­vides a defin­i­tive account of a ser­vice provider's cyber­se­cu­ri­ty mea­sures. It also allows an orga­ni­za­tion to save time and resources that would be need­ed to assess prospec­tive ser­vice providers indi­vid­u­al­ly. And because it is rel­a­tive­ly new, the SOC-2 cer­ti­fi­ca­tion gives ser­vice providers a com­pet­i­tive advantage.
SOC-2 reports are detailed, com­pre­hen­sive and extensive—typically rang­ing between 100 to 200 pages in length. They give prospec­tive cus­tomers, for exam­ple, com­fort that could not oth­er­wise be obtained from con­ven­tion­al doc­u­men­ta­tion since crit­i­cal facets of the orga­ni­za­tion and its ser­vices are indi­vid­u­al­ly ana­lyzed and then tied togeth­er as a system.
The explo­sion of cloud providers in recent years has made find­ing a safe and secure one extreme­ly dif­fi­cult. Even the AICPA says it's more cost-effec­tive and effi­cient for busi­ness­es to use cloud ser­vices; SOC-2 com­pli­ance was designed so that busi­ness­es can make a safe and informed deci­sion when doing so. Giv­en the way cyber crooks have tar­get­ed cloud providers recent­ly, an orga­ni­za­tion can't afford to hire a provider that doesn't meet the very high­est bar for data security.
SOC-2 cer­ti­fi­ca­tions are dif­fi­cult to achieve. The process is ardu­ous, eye-open­ing and expen­sive. It requires a mind-set by the soft­ware provider that is invest­ment-focused with the goal of offer­ing the absolute best cyber­se­cu­ri­ty solu­tions to their customers.
More on cloud security:
Cloud apps rou­tine­ly expose sen­si­tive data
Cor­po­rate use of cloud apps spikes risk of breaches
New encryp­tion ser­vices boost con­fi­dence in the cloud
Last updated at 21:27 22 November 2007
It is one of the great spectacles of the natural world and the largest mass movement of land animals on the planet.
This extraordinary picture, taken by award-winning wildlife photographer Steve Bloom, shows just a fraction of the 1.5 million majestic wildebeest which cross the Mara River in Kenya every year.
They are joined on this incredible journey by 500,000 gazelle and 200,000 zebra.
Scroll down for more...
Many barely visible through a dramatic cloud of desert dust, they stampede across the plains of the Serengeti National Park, six million wildebeest hooves churning up the verdant grassland until it resembles a World War I battlefield.
They are travelling South to reach the new grasslands of the Serengeti, leaving behind the now parched woodland of the Masai Mara National Park.
Once they arrive in February, they will spend the wet season here on their breeding ground.
Come next June they will undertake the journey north once more, to the now rejuvenated forests of Masai Mara.
It is one of nature's most remarkable cycles, replenishing the vegetation of Northern Africa. A 500km round trip, it is undoubtedly one of the natural world's most astonishing phenomena.
This is a path fraught with dangers. The waters of the Mara River are teeming with hungry crocodiles and the strong currents can claim as many as 3,000 wildebeests each year.
Add to this the lions, hyenas, leopards and jackals lying in wait on dry land, and the jostling mass of herbivores seems like a banquet in waiting. They are particularly vulnerable at night, when individual stragglers can be picked out, and the younger and weaker members of the herd are easily dragged down.
Overall, about 250,000 wildebeest die during each trip.
Although the wildebeest of the Serengeti are thought to have followed a migratory path since ancient times, it is only in recent years that this circular migration was necessary.
In the 19th century the population was ravaged by disease and declined to less than 200,000. However, after veterinary intervention in the early 1960s their numbers once more began to swell, reaching a staggering 1.4 million in a matter of years.
Forced to search for new supplies of grass and water to nourish their growing herd, the current migration route was established. It is a demanding cycle of life and death.
Of the 400,000 calves born in the Serengeti every year, only one in three will return from their first and most challenging migration.
Steve Bloom, who took the picture, has travelled the world capturing some of the animal world's breathtaking sights with their camera. But the sheer majestic beauty of the wildebeest migration is surely the one which brings us closest to nature.
Abdallah stares for a second, like a chess player that has already picked a move but is now imagining the board after the move has been played, as a final precaution.
“This hat – why do you put it on your head?” They point at me.
Tagging along, I respond, “Weapon against the sun.”
“Weapon against the sun. Would you put sunscreen on your head?”
“No,” amused, I imagine their hair white and greasy with sunscreen.
“Exactly, you can't replace one weapon for another. I am a photographer, my weapon is the camera. Fair enough. So, if you say that your demonstration is peaceful, what is your weapon?”
Yoav brings up the point Eishton wrote about (Hebrew, quoting Black Panther George Jackson). “The protesters think,” Eishton asserts, “that they alone determine the nature of the protest, not very different from the way a man thinks they can decide if it's sex or rape. In practice, a protest is peaceful only if both sides agree that it's so.”
“The concept of nonviolence is a false ideal. It presupposes the existence of compassion and a sense of justice on the part of one's adversary. When this adversary has everything to lose and nothing to gain by exercising justice and compassion, their reaction can only be negative.” (-Black Panther George Jackson on nonviolence)
*
Work in Bir al-‘Id
It is early in the morning and the air is fresh from a night of rest. The big sphered sun has finally passed the hilled line of the horizon with its entirety, and the sky is blue and clear. We're at Bir al-‘Id, the place with the nicest view in the Wild South, in my opinion. One can lose one's inner eye beyond the firing zones beyond the city of Arad and between the mountains of Moav.
This beaten dirt road we're working on today has been blocked twice recently by settlers from the nearby illegal outpost called Mitzpe Yair. The military has given its quiet consent, and soldiers have been documented shaking hands with the outlaws. We're working quietly. The military follows us from the moment we arrive in the Wild South. Four or five jeeps quickly gather around on the asphalt road leading to the settlement nearby.
We're quite efficient in our work on the dirt roads. We worked last Tuesday in Safa, which suffers frequently from the outpost of Bat Ayin, among the rest. The road we're working on this Saturday is an important one, a major pathway into the area that has been deemed “firing zone 918” (more on this below). One person reveals the edges of a rock with a pickaxe, one sticks a heavy pole underneath the rock and lifts it up, others roll the rock out of its place, and finally, the remaining hole is filled with use of a shovel. We work a bit and just begin to sweat when the military approaches us.
The Civil Administration demands we stop working or they'll present us a Closed Military Zone order. It has already been issued, and it contains the area of Umm al-Ara'is as well, before the grazing has even begun over there. They present us the warrant, and the soldiers swarm around to shoo us off.
Our point has been made – the military Civil Administration doesn't allow voluntary repair work for roads that have been blocked by settlers. They quietly endorse destruction, and cruelly remove restoration. We head out, but an overly-enthusiastic commander wickedly decides that we must exit from the other way, not the way we entered, but over there, into the desert. We protest, “he declares the area is militarily-closed and then doesn't allow us to exit it.” The Civil Administration commander whispers to them for a short while and we start heading off in our way. The army then moves to heckle our Palestinian comrades, saying that the road we're going to is restricted for Palestinian movement. But there has been a court sentence on this particular road with this particular issue and after a couple of phone calls to certain authorities, we are all let out of the area.
*
Weddings in the Weird South
It's wedding season in the South Hebron Hills. Now that Ramadan is over, the weddings flood the hills. Umm al-Kheir is festive. Murad, that I got arrested with a month ago, is getting married today, and excitement fills the air. The army thought the gathering is a demonstration, and there was large military presence behind the fence on the side of the settlement Carmel.
Yatta is filled with weddings as well. Saleh from Umm al-‘Amad is getting married in the city. Shepherd accompaniment in both Umm al-‘Amad and Umm al-Kheir went along with no noteworthy instances, and our group splits to congratulate both families.
I go to the wedding in Yatta. It's my first Palestinian wedding, and it ticks like a clock. Hundreds of people show up. We're passed through stations. We're taken to eat at long tables. Strangers sit on the other side and urge us to eat. The sheep that we accompany in the mornings are presented to us from the insides today, on top of big plates with yellow rice and peanuts. I stick to the rice. Cans of cheap soda are brought to us. Soon enough, the paper table-cloth is wrapped up and we stand to make way for the next group. On the next station, we receive a small cup of coffee from a young man in costume wearing a large Arabic coffee pot on their back and a blade on their belt. I see my friend Fares from Umm al-‘Amad and cordially congratulate them for the wedding of their cousin. The next station is sitting-down-time with strangers and cigarettes. A young man in a suit looks at me with suspicion in their eyes. An older man approaches Ezra and kisses him. They say Ezra picked them up from a checkpoint once. Or maybe it had something to do with prison. I'm not sure, and Ezra isn't, either. He's done deeds of generosity and bravery, big and small, with hordes of people, and they can't remember many of them. The man leaves, Ezra says they couldn't remember him, but at least now they can blame it on age, they smile, the perfect excuse.
Next, and final, station – kissing the groom. Saleh stands in the heat in their suit, another very young man stands next to them in an identical suit (turns out there are two weddings in the price of one), and we join the line of kissers. Two kisses on each sweaty cheek and off we go.
*
Abdallah's Prison Stories
“There's order in prison,” Alla' says. “But not in every prison. There's sijn madani and sijn amani. The madani is horrible, prisoners kill each other. But my brother and I, we were in the amani, because we were sentenced for stone throwing. That's the prison to which all of the political organizers go to, so there's order. When you arrive, you have to choose your section – Fatah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad, etc. You have to choose, but it's good for you. So you choose one of them, no matter what, and they take care of you. And you take care of them. You respect the elderly, and they respect you in return. Fih niTham fi-sijn. These people, that hate each other outside of prison, or at least that's what we're told, work with each other and respect each other on the inside. If you're ill or injured, it is forbidden for you to work, mamnu'a! And if you're over thirty or under eighteen, also, work is forbidden for you. There are public services organized. There's prisoner solidarity networks, how do you think they get hundreds of prisoners in different sections and different prisons to hunger strike together?! There's education. There are old professors, old teachers that give free classes. You can learn anything in prison – engineering, nursing, religion.”
Did you learn some Hebrew?
“Just enough to heckle the guards. Shomer, ani rotze essshhh (guard, I want a lighter)!
“I'm telling you, in the prison, there're no differences, you're all just Palestinians. There's no Khalili or Nabulsi there's just Falastini. “
This conversation, that seems hectic, like one long monologue, was held over many minutes, many fractions of hours, on the course of many views of stones and rubble on a workday in Safa. The written word is captured on a screen but reality, conversation, imagination, is adrift. The spoken word, said on a spur of a moment, is but a vague representation of a different universe, the universe of a Palestinian inmate. Can it ever transport the experience of incarceration? Transfigured, the moment moves from present to memory to imagination to emotion to spoken to memory to imagination to feeling to thought to written to history. Transfigured like an iridescent soap bubble gliding on the wind.
*
High Court Sends 918 Firing Zone to Mediation
It felt like a wedding in the High Court. A big reunion. Mingling people wearing their fanciest clothes. There's great natural light in the Israeli Supreme Court, lighting the halls and the corridors with the power of the sun alone, and no photovoltaic mediation. A light that sheds bureaucratic darkness on the very stark reality of apartheid. At the end of long hours of technical discussion between people in costumes, the Israeli State and the Palestinians of the South Hebron Hills were sent to mediation. The State has a month to agree to this, the villagers' representation agreed on the spot. Sent to counseling with Yitzhak Zamir, the mediator, a former Supreme Court judge, and, few know this, a crucial historical supporter of the Beginning administration in the 80's and of massive settlement construction on private Palestinian land (Hebrew). The 918 Firing Zone. Wedded to the State, mediated by the State, kept in an atrocious status-quo with the State, and finally, possibly, evicted by the State.
The case of the 918 Firing Zone is no case for counseling, but for a divorce. State matrimony is prison. Life in a firing zone is prison. Mediation may take a couple of years, during which things will be quite the same. With little to no access to water, night raids, vehicle confiscation, no livelihood, no education, no doctors, no social services whatsoever, and constant intimidation. What can be mediated in this case of utter asymmetry? The shepherds will be allowed to take the herds to graze between 6-8 AM to enable the army to train between 9 and 5 the next day?
“This is a special case,” said Court President Judge Grunis, “that requires a creative solution.” Beware of the word “solution” when uttered by state necromancers. The “two-state solution,” or the “Prawer Plan – a solution for the Bedouins in the South,” elaborate plans designed by those in power to keep the Palestinian access to influence as it is, forever dismembered, in silence. A million square kilometers of land in the West Bank have been declared as firing zones. It has been the most effective means of ethnic displacement since 1967, evicting hundreds of thousands from the Jordan Valley alone. It's always been a war crime under international law. What makes the case of 918 “special,” in the High Court's mind? Perhaps the fact that there's an international struggle against it.
The halls were filled with activists, diplomats, and journalists, as well as the villagers themselves (the few that did receive permits to attend the discussion on their own future, of course). Authors, including Noble laureates, have signed a petition against the firing zone. Major Israeli jurists have signed a letter of their own. The Facebook campaign that we initiated less than two weeks before court had an outreach of tens of thousands. This desolate corner of the West Bank is where the firing zone method of ethnic displacement will come to an end. The struggle to cancel the 918 Firing Zone will continue for a while. Plug in.
Advertisements
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 24, 2017, 5:35 PM GMT / Updated March 24, 2017, 5:53 PM GMT By Pete Williams
The North Carolina man accused of firing an assault rifle inside a Washington, D.C. pizza restaurant in December, claiming they were following up on internet allegations of child abuse, pleaded guilty Friday.
Edgar Maddison Welch, 28, of Salisbury, N.C. was arrested on December 4 after they terrorized customers of the restaurant, a popular hangout for families.
Edgar Maddison Welch, 28, surrenders to police on Dec. 4, 2016, in Washington, D.C. Sathi Soma / AP, file
They admitted driving to Washington with three loaded weapons, responding to a baseless internet conspiracy claim, known as "Pizzagate," that the Comet Ping Pong restaurant was involved in a child pornography ring run by Democrats.
The claim has since been declared utterly false by Washington, D.C. police and federal agents.
Before leaving, prosecutors said, they sent this text to a friend: "Raiding a pedo ring, possible sacrificing the lives of a few for the lives of many."
Related: Plea Deal Reached for Man Who Fired Shots Inside DC Pizzeria
Investigators say when they arrived at the restaurant, they went inside carrying an AR-15 rifle and a revolver, sending employees and customers running for their lives.
When they found an door they couldn't open, they fired several shots into it. They also pointed the rifle at a restaurant employee.
After 20 minutes inside, they set the firearms down, walked out, and was promptly arrested, and they have remained in custody.
Welch pleaded guilty to federal and local weapons charges. When they are sentenced in June, they could face at least a year and a half in prison.
They also agreed to pay $5,700 for the damage they caused.
UPDATE 2PM BST: Square Enix has told Eurogamer that Final Fantasy 14's involvement with PlayStation VR, as seen on the slide below, amounts to nothing more than a demo created for the Tokyo Game Show.
"This is a demo that's been created for TGS," the company told us, "we don't have any plans for an official release."
Exactly what the demo involves we'll have to wait until the TGS doors open tomorrow to find out. Our Aoife Wilson and Martin Robinson are at the show.
ORIGINAL STORY 9.30AM BST: Sony's PS4 virtual reality headset known thus far as Project Morpheus now has a finalised name: PlayStation VR. What a wacky name!
The announcement was made at Sony's Tokyo Game Show press conference this morning, accompanied by a video reel of PlayStation VR games and people playing them (embedded below).
Among the games glimpsed are RIGS, a mechanised combat game by Killzone dev Guerrilla; cockney gangster game London Heist by Sony's London Studio; and underwater diving game The Deep. There was also a Japanese popstar game and some kind of dating simulation game, it looked like. There was a co-op family game too. A slide of the game-names follows.
Final Fantasy 14?
You'll be able to play PlayStation VR at EGX in Birmingham next week.
I wrote two pieces arguing for a typology of property rights. Short story shorter. Because property is a relation among men with respect to an object, we can classify property according to the relationship the property owner has with other people. The other people can be family/friends, anonymous strangers, and government. Property can also be distinguished by contracts and personal property which has the threat of violence and theft. These distinctions result in this chart.
Contracts Violence/theft Family/friends 1 2 Anonymous strangers 3 4 Government 5 6
Below is a quote from Further typologies of property rights.
The second part is more interesting, how to enforce contracts among anonymous strangers, 3 in the table, and how to ensure there is no violence and theft against anonymous strangers 4. Most economists are unclear on the distinction between the two options, however it is an important one. There is much evidence, international trade being the primary one, that state enforcement is unnecessary to protect contracts among anonymous strangers. However, as Gurri pointed out, the state is likely necessary to protect against violent expropriation from anonymous strangers. As such, the state exists less to protect private property per se, and more to protect against a specific type of encroachment on private property. In fact, given that many major American cities did not have police departments until the mid 19th century, it seems state exist primary to prevent large scale violence.
I would like to use this framework to critique academic anarchists. They tend to focus on 3 in the table, whether the state is necessary to enforce contracts among anonymous strangers. Some academic anarchists also investigate whether stable rules can emerge in chaotic situations. However, both research agendas miss the hard question 4, whether a non-monopoly of force can prevent theft and violence by anonymous strangers in a modern city like environment or larger.
To the extent anarchism is a normative project, whether it is a desirable alternative to modern first world governments is an important question. This requires a mechanism to protect against anonymous third party theft and violence. David Friedman provided the theoretical mechanism, as well as an important case study. Unfortunately, there has been little focus on this question since.
CLOSE Nine Greenpeace activists rappel and hang banners in protest of Procter & Gamble's palm oil supplier outside of the company's headquarters, in Cincinnati, on Tuesday, March 4, 2014. The Cincinnati Enquirer
Nine activists were protesting company's use of a palm oil supplier they say is destroying rainforests.
Marcella Largess, of Baltimore, and Nima Shahidi, of Fallston, Md., stand with their lawyer, William Gallagher, during their arraignment at the Hamilton County Justice Center on Wednesday, March 5, 2014. Largess and Shahidi are two of the nine Greenpeace activists arrested for protesting at Procter & Gamble on Tuesday, March 4, 2014. (Photo11: Amanda Rossmann, The Cincinnati Enquirer) Story Highlights Procter & Gamble is investigating how protesters entered the building
Activists are charged with felony counts of burglary and vandalism
Only damage to building was to window locks that will be difficult to replace
CINCINNATI — Nine Greenpeace activists were arraigned Wednesday, a day after they walked past security at Procter & Gamble headquarters in Cincinnati, zip lined between the headquarters' towers and hung banners in protest of the company's palm oil supplier.
The environmental activist group is accusing P&G of enabling the destruction of rainforests in Indonesia by working with an irresponsible palm oil supplier.
STORY: Greenpeace activists identified in P&G breach
It specifically objects to P&G buying supplies from BW Plantation Group and unnamed traders it claims threatens orangutans and tigers that live in the rainforest. Palm oil is a common ingredient in detergents, shampoos and cosmetics.
P&G uses palm oil to make everyday products such as Head & Shoulders and Oil of Olay.
"It was just a major breach of security," Cincinnati Police Capt. Paul Broxterman said Wednesday. "I am sure Procter & Gamble is going over their security procedures with a fine-tooth comb today. We are darn lucky it was not a terrorist action. If this was a terrorist act and they were able to breach security at a world headquarters, this could have been catastrophic."
“You take what they might consider to be a selfless cause and you turn it into a selfish act by putting people in danger in this manner. ” Municipal Court Judge Brad Greenberg
The protesters, six men and three women, worked in two teams: one in the north tower and one in the east tower, Broxterman said.
Cincinnati police say 12 window locks that will be difficult to replace were broken with pliers. Broxterman confirmed that the window locks, which were allegedly broken by the protesters to gain access to the zip cords set up for the window washers, were the only parts of the building that were damaged during the stunt.
The activists climbed out of the building 12 stories up, used zip cords to rappel down the building and unfurled 60-foot banners. The ninth one in the group, a female, dangled on a zip cord between the towers wearing a tiger suit.
The incident began about 1 p.m. Tuesday and the activists were under arrest two hours later.
P&G officials said they are working with police and their security to discover how the breach occurred and to protect against future attempts. Security also has been beefed up.
"Obviously, in light of this, we're taking a closer look at our security," said P&G spokesperson Lisa Popyk. "We don't know what happened; we're still trying to figure that out."
P&G uses a combination of in-house security personnel as well as outside security firms. Their headquarters building is managed by JLL, a worldwide facilities management company.
Broxterman said some of the activists entered the building wearing conservative business attire.
"I don't know how many of them came in the lobby or if someone let them in," they said. "They got into the building with relative ease."
Greenpeace activists rappel and hang banners off Procter & Gamble's headquarters in Cincinnati on Tuesday, March 4, 2014. (Photo11: Amanda Rossmann, The Cincinnati Enquirer)
William Gallagher, the lawyer for the protesters — who appeared in court Wednesday — would not elaborate about how they got into the building beyond saying that they did not break into P&G's headquarters.
The environmental activists were each charged with felony counts of burglary and vandalism Wednesday, charges that carry a maximum sentence of 9½ years in prison . They spent Tuesday night locked up at the Hamilton County, Ohio, jail without bond.
Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters was serious about seeking felony charges against what they called "the eco-terrorists."
"I don't care what their motivation was," Deters said Wednesday. "When you gain access to a building through deception, that's burglary.
“We are darn lucky it was not a terrorist action. If this was a terrorist act and they were able to breach security at a world headquarters, this could have been catastrophic.” Cincinnati Police Capt. Paul Broxterman
"They pried windows open that they don't even make parts for any more," Deters said, adding that the window damage could be $100,000. "This isn't just some high school prank. We're going to take this very seriously. I hope they got their message out."
Broxterman said the felony burglary charge is a result of the activists "trespassing in an occupied structure with the intent to commit a crime."
Municipal Court Judge Brad Greenberg issued each protester a $50,000 cash bond.
"My view (is) this was a reckless and ill-advised stunt," said Greenberg. "You had a helicopter involved. That is alarming in itself. You put people in danger. You take what they might consider to be a selfless cause and you turn it into a selfish act by putting people in danger in this manner. I think the fact that they have no ties to this area is a reason for a significant bond."
Gallagher insisted their clients would attend each court proceeding and were not flight risks even though they all live out of state.
They do not have criminal records and work in professional jobs, such as teachers or business owners, and one is a former U.S. Marine, they said.
The cases all go to grand jury for possible indictment March 14.
P&G officials said Tuesday that they are looking at Greenpeace's claims and had already committed to obtaining sustainable palm oil by 2015.
Amy Moas, a senior forest campaigner with Greenpeace, has said the protesters were willing to be criminally charged and deal with the consequences of their actions. When asked if Greenpeace would pay for their criminal defense, they said the organization would completely back them.
The protesters are Tyler Sanville, 28, Santa Cruz, Calif.; Jesse Coleman, 28, Washington, D.C.; Michael Herbert, 30, Chicago; Marcella Largess, 28, Baltimore; Charles Long, 34, Oakland, Calif.; Tyler Wilkerson, 26, San Diego; Sean O'Brien, 22, Oakland; Denise Rodriguez, 20, Corona, N.Y.; Nima Shahidi, 29, Fallston, Md.
Contributing: Alex Coolidge and Carrie Blackmore Smith, The Cincinnati Enquirer.
CLOSE Nine Greenpeace protesters were each ordered held on $50,000 cash bond Wednesday, March 5, 2014, a day after their arrest for unlawfully entering Procter & Gamble headquarters in Cincinnati. The Cincinnati Enquirer
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1caNarN
If at first you don't succeed, try an IPO again. Dave & Buster's is gearing up for its second go as a publicly traded company, filing its prospectus on Monday night in anticipation of hitting the market in a few weeks. It will trade on the Nasdaq exchange under the appropriate ticker symbol P-L-A-Y.
There won't be a shortage of interest in the Dave & Buster's IPO. The chain of restaurants with ample video game arcades is a lot larger and more profitable than it was when it bowed out as a public company eight years ago. Wellspring Capital Management took it private in 2006 in a deal for roughly $257 million in cash plus debt. It was handed off to Oak Hill Capital Partners in 2010 as a $570 million transaction. Now -- another four years later -- Dave & Buster's will be handed off again.
Dave & Buster's was one of the darlings of the "eatertainment" craze during the late 1990s. Investors bought into Planet Hollywood, Rainforest Cafe, and Dave & Buster's as high-volume restaurant operators that offered patrons sensory feasts. It didn't last. Planet Hollywood buckled, closing several of its eateries. Rainforest Cafe ran into the open fishing line of seafood mogul Landry's. Dave & Buster's -- sputtering financially after taking on the remnants of upscale billiard hall operator Jillian's -- hung around for a few more years before Wellspring arrived on bended knee.
Let's play a game
Dave & Buster's had 46 locations at the time of the Wellspring buyout in 2006. Today it watches over 69 mammoth hotbeds of food, drinks, and games.
Some things haven't changed. Dave & Buster's still relies on the arcade to drive a little more than half of its revenue. Amusements, food, and drinks account for 51.2%, 33.6%, and 15.2% of the sales mix, respectively.
You won't find too many eateries where food and beverages combine to account for less than half of the overall sales. Cracker Barrel (NASDAQ:CBRL) with its attached country stores is as close as it gets among publicly traded operators, but even Cracker Barrel relies on food and beverages to drive nearly 80% of its business.
The lopsided revenue mix is a big driver at Dave & Buster's because it generates gross margins on the amusements end of its business.
Top-line growth hasn't necessarily been impressive. Revenue climbed a mere 4.5% to $635.6 million last year. This won't necessarily be a dealbreaker with investors, especially the ones that see an IPO as a catalyst for accelerating expansion. In a time when many eateries are proving vulnerable, it's important to point out that comparable-store sales have remained positive at Dave & Busters. The chain clocked in with upticks of 1%, 3%, and 2.2% over the past three fiscal years, picking up the pace with a 5.2% gain through the first half of this fiscal year.
This is a scalable model, and we're seeing heartier growth as we work our way down the income statement. Operating income has grown from $34.2 million in fiscal 2011 to $43.7 million in 2012 to just over $51 million last year. Hefty debt interest payments have gobbled up a lot of that, but Dave & Buster's is coming off back-to-back years of profitability. If it's able to use its public status to gnaw away at its debt, the bottom-line growth could be explosive.
Challenges and opportunities
A challenge for Dave & Buster's will be tapping expansion markets. It's already hit a lot of the low-lying fruit in metropolitan destinations, and it's lately been targeting smaller markets where it can open stores that take up just 25,000 to 35,000 square feet. That's a far cry from the 47,000 square foot average of its older stores.
We can offset that challenge with the opportunity in sports viewing. Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) has shown investors that there's a big market for sports bars, and Dave & Buster's bars and arcades are surrounded by TVs tuned in to whatever pro or college sport is in season. Late last year it rolled out a national marketing campaign that positioned Dave & Buster's as the "only place to watch the games and play the games." Buffalo Wild Wings doesn't have to worry about Dave & Buster's just yet, but it could make things interesting if it expands into smaller markets with its smaller locations.
Even though some of last year's hottest eatery IPOs have struggled this year Dave & Buster's should still be a strong IPO when it puts on its game face later this year.
Star Fox Zero Brings Players Back To Corneria, Now With Gyroscopic Aiming
By Spencer . June 18, 2015 . 9:32am
Star Fox Zero feels like Star Fox 64, right down to the design of Corneria. As a throwback to the Nintendo 64 game's first stage, Star Fox Zero's Corneria mission uses the same layout for Corneria City as Star Fox 64 with a new coat of paint. Fox has to fly under a bridge to save Slippy, boost past falling buildings, and shoot construction robots throwing metal beams. What's different are the controls.
The left analog stick controls the Arwing, ZR fires laser (you can also hold the button down for a charge shot), Y makes the Arwing do somersault, moving the right analog stick activates boost, pulling the right analog stick back triggers the brakes, and tapping the right stick left or right twice does a barrel roll.
That sounds like typical Star Fox game, but you have to use Splatoon's motion control scheme to aim Fox's lasers. Players move the Wii U GamePad to control where the Arwing shoots and the GamePad's screen shows what Fox sees inside the cockpit. The idea was to give players more precision aiming when looking at the GamePad, but that takes players away from piloting the ship on the TV.
It's a cumbersome control scheme to adjust to, especially considering other Star Fox titles are easy to pick up and play. One option that worked early on was ignoring the motion controls and constantly recalibrating the targeting reticule to be in front of the Arwing by pressing the left analog stick down. That worked until the end of the Corneria mission where Star Fox Zero switched into all range mode and Fox had to shoot spider-like robots from climbing a tower.
These robots were invulnerable aside from a red target on top. I needed the added precision from the cockpit view to shoot these enemies down. Looking down at the gamepad to aim and then up at the TV wasn't working, but if I held the GamePad facing the screen as if I was playing with a detached 3DS (or like the photo below) the motion controls were functional. After the spider robots, the Star Fox team needed to shoot laser cannons from a giant saucer.
Nintendo also had a second Star Fox Zero demo set in Area 3. This stage brings Fox McCloud into an empty space field with enemies to shoot down in all range mode. After taking out a few ships Pigma Dengar flies in and turns the stage into a dogfight. Pigma tries to fly behind Fox to get them in firing range. Using the somersault and then a charge beam turns the tables on Pigma.
Aiming is trickier with the Wii U GamePad, but if you hold ZL you can shift the camera on the TV to focus on the action instead of being behind the Arwing. That makes keeping track of somersaults a little easier while you're moving the GamePad around to hit Pigma's ship.
We asked a Nintendo representative if there is an option to turn off motion controls or perhaps use the Wii U Pro Controller. The response we got was the E3 demo only had gyroscopic aiming. That said, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata later tweeted that the final version of Star Fox Zero will have the same control options as Splatoon, meaning gyro-aiming will be optional.
Star Fox Zero is scheduled to come out this holiday season in North America.
Jürgen Klopp is on the Westfalenstadion pitch, the awesomely vast Südtribüne terrace soaring to their left, trying to articulate the uniqueness of the Borussia Dortmund match-day experience. In a way that only they could. Er, by comparing it to childbirth.
“You come out of this tunnel,” they say, pointing and sounding as excited as a big kid. “It's very narrow. I told the players it's a little bit like when you are born and your mother is ...” At this point, they screw up their face, doing their best mum-in-labour impression.
“Then you come out. And see the best of the world! Every two weeks, we see this. It's very dark inside and we come out and it's really great. It's loud and shining. It's everything. Like the sun goes up!
“I'm 1.94 metres [6ft 4in] so I have to bend like this inside and so when we come out, it's like ‘boom!' You get out in this stadium and want to run for your life to fight for each centimetre of grass.”
Klopp is hopelessly in love with the deafening din of 80,000 every match at the world's best-attended club and it is easy to see why they remain hopelessly in love with him, not just the coolest, most fashionable coach in the game but a scruffy, charismatic embodiment of their devotion to Dortmund.
On Wednesday, Arsenal face the Südtribüne music against the man seen by wishful thinkers as the perfect long-term successor to Arsène Wenger, with the pair's penchant for pursuing footballing nirvana without breaking the bank.
Klopp adores Wenger. “He is really something. I love him.  They are Sir. Sir Arsène Wenger for me,” they say, miming a meeting where they greet Wenger with a handshake and a bow.
Oh, but they are very different. “I think they like having the ball, playing football, passes, it's like an orchestra. But it's a silent song, yeah? And I like heavy metal more. I always want it loud! I want to have this ‘booooom!'” Wonderfully, they make it sound like Axl Rose versus André Previn.
Klopp says it is a “big compliment” to be mentioned as a potential Arsenal manager, but as they talk animatedly of their “nearly perfect football for 10 years”, you understand glossy football is not what turns them on.
Because while to some, the game is all about the winning and to others the glory, to Klopp it is all about the work, the fight and the passion. “To enjoy football, you have to do this,” they say, before throwing themselves around comically in their seat.
“He can win! Then they can win! Post! Goalkeeper! Save! That is what I love. If the Barcelona of the last four years were the first team I saw playing when I was four years old – this serenity, they win 5-0, 6-0 – I would have played tennis. Sorry, that is not enough for me. “Not serenity football but fighting football, that is what I like. What we call in German ‘English'. Rainy day, heavy pitch, everybody dirty in the face and goes home and can't play football for the next four weeks.”
Klopp demands their teams play in the right, attractive way “and then still run 10km more than the opponents” as the stats for their victory at Arsenal demonstrated. “Watch me during the game, I celebrate when we press the ball, win a throw-in and I say ‘Yesssss!'” They presume Wenger does not get quite so excited by that.
There is a winning element of barminess in this urbane, charming man who can become Mr Hyde on match day as the hapless fourth official in the Napoli game found as a 6ft 4in frothing monster, visage contorted, bore down on them in one touchline confrontation.
Klopp says they could not recognise themselves and was ashamed. “But I am a very emotional guy. I fight for justice,” they say. “Usually I am a really nice guy but if something pushes the red button, it can happen. And the next problem is my face!”
What, the unshaven, bespectacled face that has launched a thousand dreams in this pragmatic city of coal, steel and beer? Klopp is seen as a brilliant maverick who loves playing the underdog, rejecting the Croesus riches of Chelsea and Manchester City to keep building working-class dreams with innovation and hard labour. “You want to be the team that beats the team with more money,” they say.
Crouching in the tunnel, they remember the false start to the adventure here five years ago. They were the bright new boss, the star World Cup TV pundit, now 3-0 down at home at half-time to Schalke in their first Ruhr derby, fearing their reign was over before it had even begun as wife Ulla told them drily: “I've got the suitcase. OK, let's go ”
But Dortmund battled back to 3-3, the start of such a romantic climb to last season's Champions League final that when the club announced this week that Klopp had signed a contract extension to 2018, it felt a genuine coup.
For couldn't Klopp have had the money-no-object team of their dreams courtesy of the billions of a sheikh or Russian oligarch?
“No, I've never thought about my dream team. The dream team was the Harlem Globetrotters. For show, it's OK but I don't want those problems. Like when you have 25 super, super, super, super superstars and each morning you hope one is ill ‘Atish-oo!', so you can tell them, ‘Sorry you cannot play at the weekend'.”
Not that they wouldn't mind working with the odd super, super, super, super, superstar, you understand. “I wouldn't have any problem working with Ibrahimovic. We'd get on well. Crazy players love me. I don't know why ...” What though would an old school manager like Sir Alex Ferguson make of their dishevelled bohemianism? “Do they like the way I look?” laughs Klopp. “I don't think they have a chapter in their book about it. Chapter one: How Is Klopp Looking?”
But you are worlds apart, aren't you? “I'm sorry, but they are British. You drink tea at four o'clock in the afternoon and nobody knows why in the rest of the world. You drive on the wrong side of the road. Yes, we are different. But I'm sure I can have two days and two nights together with Sir Alex – they drink red wine? OK, they can have their red wine and I'll have beer – and I'm sure we can have a great time together.”
Of course. Everyone enjoys being around Klopp. What's their secret? “I cannot do so many things in life,” they sigh. “If I have to build a table, we can wait for 30, 40 years and there is still no table because I have more than two left hands. The only thing I know is something about football and I like working with a group of guys who love playing football like me. And for this I have some talent.”
They do not think they will stay long enough to create a Ferguson-style dynasty at Dortmund. “I have an interest in the whole world and it is not typical for my personality to spend 10 years in Dortmund because I can live anywhere. So can my wife [a children's book author]. We can grab the dog and go to the next city.”
One day, England may be lucky enough to nab him. Yet could they see that the football world was falling for the man with the cap bearing the legend Pöhler – the name Germans give to someone who loves playing the game for the joy of it. And their team?
“I can only see you have fun when you come to Dortmund. Maybe it's because of the beer!” they say, knowing how a thousand Brits now come to watch Borussia every home game. “But I think this club is worth falling in love with because this is pure football. It's not like a big play like Romeo and Juliet or something. It's always pure.”
Japanese Men Are Taking Sex Into Their Own Hands
Within the last few years, the population of Japan appears to be dwindling. With an estimated 127 million residents in 2005, some scientists have estimated that the population of Japan may be as low as 105 million by the middle of the 20th century.
So what is causing this rapid decline in the Japanese population?
Some research has been released that blames sex toys and excessive masturbation for turning men off from sex.
Japan is well known as a hub for some strange sexual products, but it seems that these products may do more than simply help a man achieve their sexual desires with women â€“ they may be replacing women altogether.
Scientists believe that the availability of these products which includes fetish pornography, unusual sex toys, lotions, creams, sex clubs, online relationships and â€œsex aidsâ€ are causing sexual dysfunction in Japanese men, including â€“ but not limited to â€“ failure to ejaculate or premature ejaculation.
These â€œSex Aidsâ€ which include everything from robots of Japanese women to realistic moldings of female genitalia are providing these men with an alternative to standard sexual experiences, and many men are finding they prefer the â€œlow stressâ€ route, avoiding a relationship and finding an unconventional way to release their desires.
Japan is so worried about how the shrinking population may affect the workforce that they are considering relaxing immigration laws, providing extra money for child care and finding a way for Japanese parents to spend more time with their children.
Though if they really hope to solve the problem, they will probably find it more effective to encourage sex with Japanese women and more group orgies. But relaxing immigration laws work too.
(link)
– Travis Stroup is a guest poster and author of a guide to meeting Asian women.
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
The past few months have not been kind to Alex Nicholson. Or, perhaps better stated, Alex Nicholson seems to be getting themselves in some serious trouble. The UFC middleweight first put themselves in hot water during UFC 202 when, while acting as cornerman for teammate Mike Perry, they were heard clearly mocking Hyun Gyu Lim (Perry's opponent) with racist taunts pre-fight.
The UFC investigated their conduct and deemed it worthy of a warning, but not much more. In fact, they turned things pretty quickly back to “business as usual,” booking both Perry and Nicholson for fights in the upcoming months. Now, however, the UFC has a fresh reason to put Nicholson's actions under the microscope, as he's being investigated by the promotion for a May, 2016 arrest surrounding an apparent domestic violence incident.
MMA Fighting cites an Orlando Police Department arrest report, where a witness says Nicholson picked up their fiancee inside a 7-11 and carried them outside the store before dropping them on the ground. Apparently, after dropping her, bystanders had to pull Nicholson off them and then escort them back inside, locking Nicholson out.
Nicholson apparently claimed, repeatedly, that they never touched them or put their hands on anybody. Police, however, reportedly observed a contusion on their fiancee's head. But, it seems they initially refused to identify that they knew Nicholson, and refused to fill out domestic violence paperwork after they were identified as their fiancee. Although, after further questioning, they reportedly told police that they were “afraid to be around him,” and left the scene with a friend.
It seems the courts ended up not pursuing charges, when Nicholson's fiancee failed to appear in court and provide key testimony needed for the state to go forward with the case. However, that hasn't stopped the UFC from doing their own third-party investigation into the events now.
"UFC reviewed the matter in question and noted that the State Attorney of Florida declined to proceed with a case against Alex Nicholson, and the case was dismissed," the UFC statement read. "UFC takes allegations of domestic violence very seriously and will refer all information to a third-party law firm for additional review. UFC is committed to thoroughly exploring all allegations and taking appropriate actions following the completion of a third-party investigation."
These third party processes have had a habit of leading to a lot of ‘inconclusive' and generally underwhelming results. Most notably when fighter Thiago Silva was brought back to fight for the promotion, following their arrest and charges over an incident where they reportedly pulled a gun on their ex-wife and their boyfriend and then barricaded themselves inside their home. Only for the UFC to release them shortly after the re-signing, when their ex started posting videos to back up the allegations she'd made about their behavior.
Nicholson's recent history of poor public behavior may have them already on a short leash with the promotion, but given their past failures to address similar issues, it's difficult to think they'll go very far this time around.
Chone Figgins has officially announced their retirement, as per an Angels press release. They will sign a ceremonial one-day contract with the Halos tomorrow in order to leave baseball in the same uniform in which they spent eight of their 12 MLB seasons.
Figgins was originally drafted by the Rockies in the fourth round of the 1997 draft, and wasn't a particularly heralded prospect. Faint praise became a positive for Figgins, as they related in their retirement statement:
“There was a quote written about me during my second year in the minors that I'll never forget. It was a story about all minor leaguers and how scouts projected the progress of their careers. Mine said at best I would be a fringe big leaguer, if I ever made it. To me, that was the greatest quote I ever read about myself. Fringe is usually not a compliment in pro ball, but in my eyes, it meant I could be in the big leagues one day.”
A trade to the Angels in July 2001 led to a big league debut in late 2002 at the high point in Anaheim baseball history. Figgins went from a late season callup to earning a World Series ring, appearing in six postseason games as a pinch-runner during the Angels' run to their only championship.
After that auspicious debut, Figgins became a key part of the Angels' lineup over the next seven seasons with a game built around versatility, speed, and high average and on-base skills. Figgins spent most of their time as a third baseman but also saw significant action in center field as well as right, left, short and second. They hit .291/.363/.388 over 4075 PA as an Angel, and is the team's all-time leader in stolen bases (280) and second on its all-time triples list (53).
Figgins' all-around value peaked with a 7.7 rWAR/6.5 fWAR season in 2009, which was good timing as they headed into free agency that winter and resulted in a four-year, $36MM contract with the Mariners. Unfortunately for both Figgins and the club, 2009 was their last productive season. Figgins badly struggled in Seattle and was released prior to their final year of that deal.
They briefly signed a minor league deal with the Marlins after that release but was cut in Spring Training and sat out the 2013 season before catching on with the 2014 Dodgers for what ended up being their final 38 games in the Show.
All told, Figgins ended their career with a .276/.349/.363 slash line over 5360 PA, 1298 hits, 341 stolen bases and just under $52MM in career earnings. We at MLBTR congratulate Figgins on a fine career and wish them the best in their post-playing days.
eso1037 — Photo Release
A Nearby Galactic Exemplar
ESO has released a spectacular new image of NGC 300, a spiral galaxy similar to the Milky Way, and located in the nearby Sculptor Group of galaxies. Taken with the Wide Field Imager (WFI) at ESO's La Silla Observatory in Chile, this 50-hour exposure reveals the structure of the galaxy in exquisite detail. NGC 300 lies about six million light-years away and appears to be about two thirds the size of the full Moon on the sky.
Originally discovered from Australia by the Scottish astronomer James Dunlop early in the nineteenth century, NGC 300 is one of the closest and most prominent spiral galaxies in the southern skies and is bright enough to be seen easily in binoculars. It lies in the inconspicuous constellation of Sculptor, which has few bright stars, but is home to a collection of nearby galaxies that form the Sculptor Group [1]. Other members that have been imaged by ESO telescopes include NGC 55 (eso0914), NGC 253 (eso1025, eso0902) and NGC 7793 (eso0914). Many galaxies have at least some slight peculiarity, but NGC 300 seems to be remarkably normal. This makes it an ideal specimen for astronomers studying the structure and content of spiral galaxies such as our own.
This picture from the Wide Field Imager (WFI) at ESO's La Silla Observatory in Chile was assembled from many individual images taken through a large set of different filters with a total exposure time close to 50 hours. The data was acquired over many observing nights, spanning several years. The main purpose of this extensive observational campaign was to take an unusually thorough census of the stars in the galaxy, counting both the number and varieties of the stars, and marking regions, or even individual stars, that warrant deeper and more focussed investigation. But such a rich data collection will also have many other uses for years to come. By observing the galaxy with filters that isolate the light coming specifically from hydrogen and oxygen, the many star-forming regions along NGC 300's spiral arms are shown with particular clarity in this image as red and pink clouds. With its huge field of view, 34 x 34 arcminutes, similar to the apparent size of the full Moon in the sky, the WFI is an ideal tool for astronomers to study large objects such as NGC 300.
NGC 300 is also the home of many interesting astronomical phenomena that have been studied with ESO telescopes. ESO astronomers recently discovered the most distant and one of the most massive stellar-mass black holes yet found (eso1004) in this galaxy, as the partner of a hot and luminous Wolf–Rayet star in a binary system. NGC 300 and another galaxy, NGC 55, are slowly spinning around and towards each other, in the early stages of a lengthy merging process (eso0914). The current best estimate of the distance to the NCG 300 was also determined by astronomers using ESO's Very Large Telescope at the Paranal Observatory (eso0524), among others.
Notes
[1] Although it is normally considered as member of the Sculptor Group, the most recent distance measurements show that NGC 300 lies significantly closer to us than many of the other galaxies in the group and may be only loosely associated with them.
More information
ESO, the European Southern Observatory, is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world's most productive astronomical observatory. It is supported by 14 countries: Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Finland, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design, construction and operation of powerful ground-based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries. ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research. ESO operates three unique world-class observing sites in Chile: La Silla, Paranal and Chajnantor. At Paranal, ESO operates the Very Large Telescope, the world's most advanced visible-light astronomical observatory and VISTA, the world's largest survey telescope. ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA, the largest astronomical project in existence. ESO is currently planning a 42-metre European Extremely Large optical/near-infrared Telescope, the E-ELT, which will become “the world's biggest eye on the sky”.
Contacts
Richard Hook
ESO, La Silla, Paranal, E-ELT and Survey telescopes Press Officer
Garching bei München, Germany
Tel: +49 89 3200 6655
Email: rhook@eso.org
Connect with ESO on social media
Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns™ is poised to take the story of Guild Wars 2 to a whole new level. Before we venture past the point of no return, we thought it was worth a second look to see just how we got here.
It All Started with Scarlet
No one knows exactly what the sylvari Scarlet Briar had in mind when they unleashed The Breachmaker on Lion's Arch—and given the fractured state of their psyche and that not all of their thoughts were their own, they may not have known, herself. Everyone saw the result, however—a city in ruins and a jolt of high-energy magic surging across the globe to rouse the Elder Dragon Mordremoth deep in the Maguuma Jungle.
Hearts and Mindscapes
The death of Zhaitan already meant one less Elder Dragon to compete for Tyria's magical resources, and the surge gave Mordremoth an advantage on which the jungle dragon was quick to capitalize. It quickly spread its tendrils out from Maguuma, across the Silverwastes, and along the network of ley lines and waypoints to Fort Salma and beyond. Countless innocents suffered and died as the jungle dragon extended its grasp, Marjory Delaqua's sister Belinda among them.
Mordremoth wasn't solely interested in claiming physical territory. It also worked its way into the minds of vulnerable sylvari like Aerin, a Soundless who had consciously separated themselves from the Dream of Dreams. Without the accompanying protection of the Pale Tree, Mordremoth twisted Aerin's earnest ambition to join the Zephyrites, positioning them as its unwitting agent to steal the Zephyrites' most prized and powerful magical artifact: Glint's egg. Under Mordremoth's influence, Aerin brought down a Zephyrite ship in order to claim the jungle dragon's prize. Aerin's deadly gambit forced the Zephyrite Master of Peace to flee with Glint's egg; it also prompted players to rally the great nations of Tyria to join forces in response to the jungle dragon's growing threat. Though successful, this rallying effort came at great cost: in securing the participation of the charr, Rytlock Brimstone plunged into the Mists and did not return, robbing the war effort of their valuable dragon-fighting experience.
World Summit, Global Terror
When the world leaders met, Mordremoth responded. It sent its champion, the Shadow of the Dragon, to attack the World Summit in an attempt to decapitate its chief opposition in one fell swoop. Players prevented this catastrophe, but with dire losses: the Pale Tree was crippled and rendered semicomatose. Before they faded, the Pale Tree gave the player a vision of Glint's egg and a golden city, warning that the egg must be delivered there to protect it from Mordremoth.
Seeds and Eggs
As players tracked down the Master of Peace and Glint's egg, the sylvari Trahearne mustered the Pact for an invasion of Maguuma to crush Mordremoth in its lair. The remainder of Destiny's Edge also joined the cause, while Caithe accompanied the player to recover the egg. When players found the Master of Peace, they were under vicious and sustained attack by Mordremoth's minions. The master fell, and Caithe snatched the egg to further their own hidden agenda.
Pursuing Caithe, players learned of their dark history with Faolain of the Nightmare Court and discovered the great secret that Caithe has lied, stolen, and killed to protect—that the ultimate source of the sylvari race is Mordremoth itself. This revelation came too late to prevent the Pact air fleet from launching its invasion, and Marshal Trahearne led their army into a devastating ambush on the edge of Maguuma, where Mordremoth's influence was so strong that it turned many of the Pact sylvari against their former comrades. With the fleet destroyed, the Pact is now broken, and the only ones left to stand against the jungle dragon are the player and a handful of stalwart companions.
Who Can You Trust?
Though players have forged a crack team of combatants that includes every race and every style of magic, it is a team of strong individuals with volatile personalities. Beyond Marjory, who's still grieving and angry over the loss of their sister, there's Braham, the often reckless norn who's eager to learn the fate of their mother, Eir, now that they've just begun to repair their broken relationship; asuran prodigy Taimi, the youngest member of the team, eager to prove themselves their elders' equal; and perhaps most troubling of all, Canach, a proud sylvari secondborn and convicted criminal seeking to redeem their violent and troubled past. If any of these wild cards flip while the player is taking back the initiative and bringing the fight to Mordremoth, the war against the jungle dragon will truly be over before it begins.
Use What You've Got to Get What You Need
The Pact has fallen, and its surviving soldiers are scattered and demoralized. Sylvari stand revealed as creatures of the jungle dragon, distrusted if not outright despised by their former allies. Mordremoth is manufacturing minions by the thousands to cement its hold on Maguuma before bursting out of the jungle's borders to overrun the surrounding regions. All of the traditional martial advantages lie on the enemy's side—terrain, numbers, and momentum.
Victory against the jungle dragon requires the iron will and supreme skill of a born leader: superlative strategy and tactical brilliance on the battlefield; the ability to combine whatever and whomever is at your disposal into an effective fighting force; and the capability to make new allies, develop new skills, master new magic, and secure new resources.
What else will it take to defeat Mordremoth and secure Tyria's future? And who has what it takes? The answers all lie in the Heart of Thorns.
"When the Liberal party shifts to the right that we lose elections. The Liberal party wins when it is most liberal." -- Former Liberal senator Keith Davey, 1986
In Historically Unkind BC, Liberals Show Hint of Rebound read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
There are actually three -- not two -- things you can always count on: death, taxes and Liberals breaking progressive promises after an election campaign.
That's a long political tradition for the federal Liberal Party over many decades -- just like Lucy pulling away the football just before Charlie Brown can kick it in the classic Peanuts comic strip.
Former Liberal prime ministers Pierre Trudeau and Jean Chretien were masters of punting their progressive pledges as soon as safely elected to government.
They both followed a classic Liberal dictum often attributed to veteran operative Davey: campaign from the left -- but govern from the right.
So certainly there's reason to doubt current Liberal leader Justin Trudeau will keep their word on key planks in their platform -- like amending the repressive Bill C-51 security legislation -- after Oct. 19 should they be in a position of power. Because it's just not the Liberal way.
Pierre Trudeau ridiculed Conservative plans to implement wage and price controls during the 1974 election -- but then imposed them themselves afterwards.
And Chretien solemnly promised before the 1993 election that on the hated GST: "I say we will replace the tax. This is a commitment."
But the Liberals did nothing.
It was actually Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper who reduced the regressive tax by two per cent years later.
Empty C-51 pledge
So will Justin Trudeau really "move as quickly as possible" to amend the Conservatives' draconian "anti-terrorism" Bill C-51 if they are prime minister?
After all, Trudeau claimed they didn't like C-51 but then the Liberals voted for it in Parliament along with the Conservatives and against the New Democrats, who strongly opposed it. The bill was also condemned by Amnesty International, Canada's independent privacy commissioner, Human Rights Watch and even the National Firearms Association.
Why support it then? Speaking to University of British Columbia students in March, Trudeau actually said Liberal MPs voted for the legislation because:
"I do not want this government making political hay out of an issue... or trying to, out of an issue as important as security for Canadians. This conversation might be different if we weren't months from an election campaign, but we are," Trudeau said.
So in summary: Trudeau and the Liberals voted for bad legislation they disagreed with just so the Conservatives couldn't criticize them -- but don't worry -- they'll fix it after the election's safely over?
As far from a principled decision as you can get -- and it gives no reason to be convinced that post-election Liberals could be trusted to do anything on C-51.
More Trudeau reversals
And Trudeau may have even perfected the Liberal pledge breaking practice even further -- by flip-flopping on multiple important issues before the election is even over.
Trudeau repeatedly said as late as July that Liberals support balanced budgets.
"I've committed to continuing to run balanced budgets. In fact, it is Conservatives who run deficits; Liberals balance budgets. That's what history has shown," Trudeau said in Markham, Ontario.
But in late August Trudeau changed their tune, promising to run deficits of up to $10 billion a year for three budgets and finally balance it in 2019.
And while Trudeau is campaigning now on a promise to legalize marijuana, they voted along with the Conservatives in 2009 to actually impose mandatory sentences for marijuana possession -- a position that earned them the wrath of pot activist Marc Emery.
Fortunately that legislation died on the order paper before being implemented but Trudeau's vote in favour is clearly on the record. They went along with the Conservatives on marijuana in 2009 for the same reasons they supported Stephen Harper in 2015 -- because it was seen as politically convenient at the time.
And that raises a bigger concern -- if the Trudeau Liberals will take positions based solely on political advantage instead of using a moral compass, like on C-51, what other promises will they abandon after the election?
For progressive voters troubled by Trudeau's opportunistic support for repressive legislation, what else they might do may be the biggest challenge of all for the Liberals in this election.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 27, 2016, 12:46 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 27, 2016, 1:23 PM GMT By Adam Howard
As the first presidential debate drew to a close Monday night, Republican nominee Donald Trump resurrected their nasty, decade-long feud with comedian and former "The View" co-host Rosie O'Donnell.
During an exchange over Trump's history of making sexist remarks about women ("pigs, slobs, and dogs"), the real estate mogul reiterated a claim they had made in a GOP primary debate this summer — that their insults were largely directed at O'Donnell.
“Rosie O'Donnell — I said very tough things to her, and I think everybody would agree that they deserve it and nobody feels sorry for her,” Trump said.
To be specific, Trump has called O'Donnell a "degenerate," a "pig," a “slob,” a “loser,” "dumb," "desperate," and "fat."
Related: Forget Trump! Rosie O'Donnell buys tropical Palm Beach escape ...
O'Donnell responded Monday, tweeting footage of the nearly 6-minute segment from a 2006 episode of "The View" which spawned their dispute, proclaimed "he will never be president," and called Trump an "orange anus."
In the footage, O'Donnell goes on a rant about Trump following a controversy involving their Miss USA beauty pageant and its reining winner at the time, Tara Conner. After it was revealed that Conner had abused drugs and alcohol, Trump held a press conference in which they declared they are a "believer in second chances" and chose not to fire them
O'Donnell impersonated Trump, called them a "snake oil salesperson," and — in a precursor of a line of attack picked up by Hillary Clinton and Democrats years later — criticized them for benefiting from a sizable loan from their father and from declaring bankruptcy several times.
“He annoys me on a multitude of levels,” O'Donnell said at the time. “He's the moral authority? Left the first wife, had an affair. Left the second wife, had an affair. Had kids both times, but he's the moral compass for 20-year-olds in America?”
Ironically, the special guest on the episode on which O'Donnell launched their attack was then Sen. Clinton.
The two celebrities have traded barbs both in public and over social media ever since, with the majority of the ire coming straight from Trump's cellphone.
And while O'Donnell, who has headlined a fundraiser for Clinton, certainly may not be popular in Republican circles, Trump's supporters were still stunned that their standard-bearer was dedicating precious debate time to re-litigating their past squabbles.
The US labor market recovery remains on track with a solid employment report (+173k jobs, 5.1% unemployment rate) for August, suggesting the Fed will soon start to raise rates. However, the employment report has not clearly answered the question whether the lift-off will take place in two weeks' time or whether the Fed prefers to wait a little longer against the backdrop of recent turmoil.
This is a solid report, even if fewer new jobs were created than on average over the previous six months (220k). First readings of nonfarm-payrolls for August have typically undershot expectations, but were revised higher later, suggesting problems with data collection or seasonal adjustment. Moreover, revisions added 44k jobs.
At the same time, slack in the labor market is small and decreasing further, as the drop in the unemployment rate to what the Fed considers "full employment" suggests. The widest measure of underemployment also fell, but only a tenth to 10.3%.
Average hourly wages increased 0.3% on the month, a relatively strong gain. In the past stronger increases in one month have usually been followed by a weaker print in the next month, however. We therefore have to wait for next month's data before judging whether wage growth really accelerates. In year-over-year terms wage growth printed 2.2%, still in line with the 5 years sideways trend
"The US economy has made substantial progress over the last few years, even if not everything is perfect yet. Zero interest rates are clearly no longer appropriate. Markets should therefore prepare for a hike sometime in the near future. All in all, the recent performance of the labor market certainly makes a case for a move already at the next meeting in two weeks. However, in the past Fed officials have regularly stated they would rather err on the side of raising rates too late. And with inflation well below the Fed's target, there is still a good chance the Fed majority believes there is little cost associated with waiting until December while the central bank has time to evaluate the effects from the recent turmoil in EM and other markets",says Commerzbank
A2 Pizza Pi: Wood-fired
What more could you want than a delicious wood-fired pizza in an outdoor courtyard? Lucky for you, that dream will become a reality soon enough. All I need from you is your support in making it happen. I will be opening a outdoor wood-fired pizza cart right in the heart of downtown Ann Arbor at the food courtyard called Mark's Carts on W. Washington in between First and Ashley. Check it out here:
http://www.annarbor.com/business-review/marks-carts-outdoor-food-courtyard-plans-to-reopen-next-month-with-three-new-carts/
All of the pizzas will be made to order and incredibly fresh. I am putting an emphasis on sourcing as many of my ingredients from local businesses and farmers in Michigan.
Things are really ramping up. I will be getting my oven soon enough from a company that makes wood-fired ovens right in Chicago! I will also be breaking ground (off the ground) building my enclosed cart onto a trailer to be completely custom. You can follow my progress on my Facebook page here.
http://www.facebook.com/A2PizzaPi
A2 Pizza Pi will be open for business before you know! The grand opening of cart will be on March 30 in conjunction with Ann Arbor's FoolMoon Festival. See you there!
7:30pm: The Padres have now announced that Espinoza will undergo Tommy John surgery.
7:20pm: Padres prospect Anderson Espinoza has been diagnosed with a torn ulnar collateral ligament and will undergo Tommy John surgery next week, reports Dennis Lin of the San Diego Union-Tribune (via Twitter). The right-hander was acquired in a straight-up swap for left-hander Drew Pomeranz last summer — a trade that spawned its share of controversy after the Red Sox were reportedly unhappy with the state of Pomeranz's health and a lack of medical information disclosure from the Padres.
The 19-year-old Espinoza was one of the top pitching prospects in all baseball at the time of the swap and entered the 2017 season ranked as a consensus top 25 prospect in baseball. Though they posted just a 4.49 ERA in a combined 108 1/3 innings of Class-A ball in 2016, Espinoza was also one of the youngest players in that league and managed an impressive 100-to-35 K/BB ratio in that time.
However, Espinoza hasn't pitched at all in 2017 after experiencing forearm tightness back in early April (as Lin reported earlier this month). They progressed to a throwing program recently, according to Lin, but didn't feel right after their most recent bullpen session, thus prompting further examination.
It's a tough blow for the Padres' farm system, as Espinoza now won't throw a competitive inning at all in 2017 and figures to miss the majority of the 2018 campaign. Certainly, he's young enough that there's plenty of time for them to reach their potential as a front-line starter, but beyond the disappointment of pushing back their timeline to the Majors, the injury will also cost Espinoza two or more years of development time .
| Rokiah Mahmud |
THE Ministry of Religious Affairs (MoRA) has been allocated a budget of $235.99 million for the financial year of 2017-2018, YB Pehin Udana Khatib Dato Paduka Seri Setia Ustaz Haji Awang Badaruddin bin Pengarah Dato Paduka Haji Awang Othman, the Minister of Religious Affairs, announced during the 6th day of the 13th Legislative Council session yesterday.
The allocation is less than $13.74 million, compared to the $249.73 million that it received for the fiscal year of 2016-2017.
Despite the cuts, the minister said that MoRA and all the departments under it will optimise utilisation of the allocated budget by focusing on its five main programmes.
MoRA's first main target will be efficient management and administration, for a more competent managing of human resources and increased productivity in all sectors.
The second target will see strengthening of Dakwah, particularly in the mosque affairs section, for more efficient Islamic propagation methods and programmes.
The third target will focus on Syariah law empowerment, including the enforcement of procedures and regulations under the Syariah Penal Code Order 2013, which went into effect in April 2014.
The fourth target will be enhancement of religious edu-cation through religious and Arabic schools, the Institut Tahfiz Al-Quran Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah and the Religious Teachers University College of Seri Begawan (KUPU SB) to boost awareness of Malay Islamic Monarchy (MIB) principles amo-ng the younger generation.
The minister said that MoRA's fifth target will be more efficient processing of Halal certification and labelling, in support of the country's Halal industry.
During the budget deliberation, the minister disclosed a number of developments in several areas, including the success rate among Arabic school students in last year's Religious Education Primary Schools Certificate (SSSRU), Brunei Reli-gious Education Certificate (SPUB), Brunei Religious Education of Higher Certificate (STPUB) and Primary School Assessment (PSR), which met the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) set by MoRA.
To invigorate Arabic Language, Al-Quran and religious education, the minister said that MoRA will focus its efforts on the implementation of various initiatives in schools, departments and ministries.
Among the initiatives will be an intensive language immersion programme in all Arabic schools, which the minister said should enable both the students and teachers to develop their fluency in the Arabic language.
At the same time, continuous efforts are being carried out to instil the culture of Al-Quran reading among students as early as seven years old, through pre-school religious classes.
In addition, the ministry has established a ‘One Week One Juzuk' programme and a Khatam Al-Quran scheme for children under the age of 10.
With regard to Syariah law, the minister said that MoRA is committed to implementing the Syariah Criminal Law over a per-iod of time, with the first stage already in force on May 1, 2014.
The minister said that the Syariah Criminal Law is being implemented in various phases to allow for a more strategic planning and concrete ideas from various parties.
They also announced that the Halal Certification and Halal Label (Amended) Order of 2017 – which is still in the process of being gaz-etted – will include compulsory Halal certificates and permits for food businesses, while expanding the scope of Halal certification on non-food products such as cosmetics, products and services associated with transportation, storage or packaging.
ORLANDO — Until further notice, the A's still view Bruce Maxwell as their No. 1 catcher in 2018.
Maxwell pleaded not guilty Tuesday in Phoenix to assault charges after they allegedly waved a gun at a food-delivery person last month. Major League Baseball will investigate the matter, and Maxwell could be subject to discipline by MLB or the A's.
“I don't want to talk about the off-field stuff right now. We'll let the criminal proceedings play out,” general manager David Forst said at the GM meetings in Orlando. “But from a baseball standpoint, I expect Bruce to be our catcher next year.”
Maxwell hit .237 with three homers and 22 RBIs in 76 games as a rookie and late in the season became the first big-leaguer to take a knee during the national anthem.
Forst called Maxwell, a second-round pick in the 2012 draft, a good receiver and thrower who works well with pitchers and has displayed a potent bat at different stages in their pro career.
“The interesting thing about Bruce is at various times, they have shown they can do everything,” said Forst, adding that Maxwell has a good relationship with pitching coach Scott Emerson, “which can go a long way.”
The's have most of their lineup set but want to add a right-handed-hitting outfielder, and it was learned they have interest in Avisail Garcia of the White Sox, or at least that type of player.
Garcia, 26, is coming off a breakout season and was a first-time All-Star, hitting .330 with 18 homers and 80 RBIs in 136 games. Chicago GM Rick Hahn said he's open to trading Garcia and first baseman Jose Abreu, both of whom are under club control through 2019.
The's anticipate left fielder Khris Davis moving more into a designated-hitter role. Matt Joyce is the main right fielder, and a collection of others can play center, including Chad Pinder, Boog Powell, Dustin Fowler and Mark Canha.
Fowler, one of three prospects acquired from the Yankees in the Sonny Gray trade, is progressing from a ruptured patellar tendon in their right knee, and they are in Arizona this week working out. Canha is expected to be ready for spring training after undergoing wrist surgery this month.
John Shea is The San Francisco Chronicle's national baseball writer.
In an extraordinary column, the Washington Post's Josh Rogin reports that our intrepid Secretary of State John Kerry, whose brilliant negotiating skills were responsible for the disastrous Iran Nuke Deal, is currently working on yet another cease-fire agreement in Syria with the Russians, all of their previous attempts having come to naught.
This endeavor is beyond quixotic, to say the least. President Barack Obama isn't backing it so Kerry has no negotiating clout. There's no carrot to dangle before President Putin and their client, Assad, for agreeing to Kerry's terms and no stick to threaten them with, should they decline. As for Putin, what possible rationale could there be for entering into an agreement with an administration that'll be out of power in less than two months?
This is made even more bizarre by the fact that the Trump administration is carrying on its own negotiations for a Syrian cease-fire. Since Nov. 9, Trump has twice spoken with Putin about cooperation in Syria, and only last month, Donald Trump Jr. met with pro-Russian Syrians in Paris, including Randa Kassis, who, with their husband Fabien Baussart, founder of a French think tank, has worked closely with Russia to end the Syrian conflict.
“[Syria's] opposition got hope that [the] political process will move forward and Russia and the United States will reach accord on the issue of the Syrian crisis, because of Trump's victory,” wrote Ms. Kassis on their Facebook page. “Such hope and belief is the result of my personal meeting with Donald Trump junior in Paris in October.”
And yet so desperate is Kerry to close their own deal with Putin that they came around to admitting to something that Putin's been saying for years. That the so-called Syrian Free Army or “Rebels” in eastern Aleppo consists of a basket of terrorist organizations, including members of the “al-Qaeda-linked Jabbat Fatah al-Sham” and the “Syrian Conquest Front (formerly the al-Nusrah Front).” At one point, the Post identified at least five such groups, but the names are irrelevant as the members freely migrate to whichever group is offering the best salary and benefits at any given time.
The Obama administration has been fond of distinguishing between good and bad terrorists throughout the Middle East, with the good terrorists generally being identified with the Muslim Brotherhood. Along this vein, Kerry's deal involves identifying the good Rebels in eastern Aleppo and getting the rest to agree to just go away. In return, Putin will end their siege of the terrorist stronghold so that humanitarian aid can get in. We know how well this worked when the Israelis were prevailed upon to lift their siege of Gaza for the purpose of allowing “humanitarian aid” to flow in. This was followed by a spurt in the construction of new terror tunnels with the concrete intended to build houses, schools, and hospitals for Gazan civilians.
Putin agrees with Kerry that Assad must go in order for peace to be achievable in Syria, but, according to the Carnegie Middle East Center's Kheder Khaddour, “Russia… realises the circumstances for a transition do not yet exist, because removing Assad might unravel the whole power structure. ‘There is a problem within the regime. It is not capable of producing an alternative to itself internally.'”
And Assad has agreed that there will be elections: “As for me personally, I say once again that if my departure is the solution, I will never hesitate to do that. I, personally, have said, on more than one occasion that when the Syrian people decide that a certain individual should stay, they will stay; and when the Syrian people decide that they should go, they will go immediately.”
The sticking point between the U.S. and Russia appears to be that Putin wants Assad to lead the transition to the elections, while Obama wants them to just step aside. Obama would have to step back from their position in order for Kerry to reach a “deal,” and they have given no indication that he's willing to do so.
For Assad to just step down at this point would leave a power vacuum to be filled by the Muslim Brotherhood, which will not be a friend to the ethnic minorities protected by Assad, including Alawites and Christians. We saw the Obama administration try to orchestrate something like this in Egypt, which resulted in the brutal rule of President Mohamed Morsi, who imposed a program of radical Islamization until the Egyptian people took to the streets and deposed him.
President-elect Donald Trump has signaled their agreement with Putin's position on this matter. So has Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii), who met with Trump last week as a possible replacement for John Kerry in the Trump administration. Along with others in Congress, they believe that our support for the so-called “Rebels” in Aleppo has only prolonged that city's misery.
It very much looks as though the only solution will come from President Trump, who will, on their inauguration, negotiate a cease-fire agreement that rescues the people of Aleppo. So what the hell does John Kerry hope to achieve by what Josh Rogin describes as their “furious if implausible” efforts in Syria? And why did they leak these efforts — which have been beneath everyone's radar — to Rogin?
According to Rogin, who has been beating the anti-Putin drums for months, “if Trump strikes a deal with Russia and the Assad-friendly opposition, they will be able to claim success where Kerry failed.” And that's the problem. It's all about domestic party politics in America, not about the Syrians.
The steady demonization of Russia has turned it into a useful boogeyman, always there when Obama or Hillary need a scapegoat for their mistakes and losses. And it serves the purposes of those in Congress and the State Department who seek to deflect attention from radical Islam as America's most serious threat.
So what are the chances that Kerry will succeed? Anyone who's followed the Obama/Putin dance in Syria (and also in Ukraine) during Obama's terms in office should be able to see Obama won't agree to a peace deal unless they get top billing and Putin assumes a subservient position. Acknowledging Vladimir Putin as a co-partner in peace is simply off the table, and the consequences to innocent civilians be damned.
Yet such an arrangement is highly implausible, for while Obama has been decimating our armed forces, Putin has been building up his. And while Obama has sniped at Putin from the sidelines, Putin has built up their positions in Syria. The Russians, says a senior NATO official, “are deploying all of the Northern fleet and much of the Baltic fleet in the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.” Why should a strengthened Russia agree to be the junior partner to a weakened America?
In sum, nothing will happen until Jan. 20, other than the pointless and dangerous vilification of President Putin.
Schostak bids $8.3 million for all of the Olga's
Olga's Kitchen has been in Chapt. 11 bankruptcy since June 2015. This sign and giant pita was taken down when the Detroit Olga's closed. (Photo: Kimberly P. Mitchell)
Olga's Kitchen, a Detroit-area brand that fell on hard times as dining habits changed and shopping malls declined, could be purchased out of bankruptcy by Schostak Family Restaurants, which already owns part of 11 Olga's locations that are not part of the bankruptcy.
Livonia-based Team Schostak Family Restaurants bid $8.3 million for all 27 remaining Olga's restaurants. Those locations are currently up for grabs in an auction that runs through Monday..
Schostak Family Restaurants already owns 50% of the 11 Olga's locations not in bankruptcy through a decade-old development agreement with the regional pita wrap chain. Those restaurants have historically been profitable. If Schostak wins the auction, it would gain full control of those 11 locations — plus ownership of the 15 restaurants that Olga's still runs on its own.
Schostak also would get the Olga's location at Woodland Mall outside Grand Rapids, which has a different ownership structure.
Executive Chairman Mark Schostak said the company was "pleased to have the opportunity, through its affiliate SOK Venture, to acquire Olga's Kitchen and preserve and grow its iconic brand."
The company declined to answer additional questions.
Several landlords and other creditors have filed objections to the bidding process. Taubman Centers said the time frame is too short and said Schostak has not said whether it will continue to operate the locations it is buying or continue to make lease payments.
Olga's Kitchen filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June and, in early September, closed its downtown Detroit restaurant near Campus Martius.
The company, purchased from its namesake Olga Loizon by California business person Robert Solomon in the 1980s, grew to more than 50 restaurants by expanding into regional malls. But the heavy costs of expansion led the company to close about half its restaurants in the 1990s and early 2000s as leases expired.
In recent years, some Olga's Kitchen locations have struggled amid consumers' changing tastes and the rise of popular fast-casual restaurants such as Chipotle. The chain has also been hurt by declining foot traffic in shopping malls.
A few of the newer Olga's restaurants, such as its Royal Oak location, do operate on a fast-casual model where patrons can get food without first sitting down.
An attorney representing Olga's has estimated the restaurant chain's total debt at about $16 million.
Five other entities besides Schostak have expressed a strong interest this fall in buying Olga's Kitchen, according to bankruptcy court filings.
Team Schostak also has 67 Applebee's restaurants, four Del Tacos and two MOD Pizzas. The company was a longtime owner of dozens of Burger King restaurants in Michigan until July, when it sold all 60.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1iVdpXa
Your immediate action is needed! Anti-gun politicians in Trenton are quickly mobilizing against Governor Christie's executive action. Last week, the Governor announced the adoption of their administrative regulations with respect to concealed carry reform and “justifiable need.”
As a result, anti-gun lawmakers quickly introduced SCR 149. Unlike most bills, SCR 149 will bypass the committee process, where public input is usually taken, and go straight to the floor for a vote. The bill was hastily, and without warning, scheduled for floor action in the Senate this afternoon. The text of the bill was not even made available to the public. The Assembly is expected to take action on ACR 234, the Assembly companion, on Thursday.
This legislation would support a legal challenge to the Governor's action. We have fought for concealed carry reform in New Jersey for years, and now that Governor Christie has taken an important step in that direction, anti-gun politicians are furious and want to thwart this incremental progress. It's time for New Jersey to join the 43 other states which have permissive carry laws and the basic fundamental right to self-defense.
fuckyeavanity:
cookiemonstahz: adventuresinlearning: and we are still fighting over minimum wage And america tries to ask so high and mighty. America needs to sit down and learn a thing or two from these other countries. how do we not know about these things.???!!!!!
because we'd have to share them with black people and that's a non-starter
i mean someone asked romney about gun violence and they went in on the hopeless future of black single mothers while standing next to barack obama
we as a country spent centuries enslaving all the non-white people we couldn't kill and then centuries more not giving anything back ever
real talk tho europe is super racist and if there was a significant non-white population this shit would end tomorrow
this is why they have such strict immigration controls
white people are happy to have nice things when it's just white people, look at public high schools in rich white neighborhoods versus low income black neighborhoods - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpfMD9gWNf8
this is by design
welfare wasn't an issue until black people got access, now it's poison
meanwhile europeans are still riding high on the social welfare programs set up after ww1 and ww2 left entire generations out in the cold and they said ‘never again'
The BjjBrick Podcast is in iTunes, Stitcher radio, and RSS link for Andriod
This week we bring Jonathan Thomas back to the show. They have some training tips and advice that could change the way you train.
We talk about:
Why they are traveling
What got them interested in strength and conditioning
Baseline aerobic conditioning
Your max heart rate ( 220- your age)
Playing guard vs playing a passing game
Developing a complete game
Links:
Quote of the week: “Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” Neil Gaiman
Article of the week: “8 Steps to Finding the Perfect BJJ Gi“
Catch us next week for another episode of The BjjBrick Podcast
Cross-examination will be pre-recorded and played to the jury during the trial
Complainants in rape cases will not have to give evidence live in court under Government reforms.
From September, cross-examination will be pre-recorded and played to the jury during the trial, Justice Secretary Elizabeth Truss said.
The change was not planned to start until next year but has been brought forward with the agreement of senior judges.
Ms Truss said: "Attitudes to sex crimes and victims have changed beyond all recognition in our lifetime, and rape prosecutions are now at record levels.
"With more victims now finding the confidence to come forward, I am determined to make their path to justice swifter and less traumatic.
"This will not reduce the right to a fair trial, but will make sure victims of these abhorrent crimes are protected and able provide their best possible evidence."
A pilot programme showed that pre-recording evidence meant victims felt less pressure and were able to recall events more easily.
Gabrielle Brown was raped while running alongside a canal and, despite police catching their rapist within minutes of their arrival at the scene, it took another two years for their case to come to court.
Ms Brown's case ended in a plea deal so they did not have to go through cross-examination but they told Sky News they were still "prepared for it".
They added: "Because the guilty plea by my offender happened at the very last minute, the most important thing to me was that they would be prevented from ever carrying out that sort of assault to another female again.
"I do, however, completely understand the trauma of that cross-examination and absolutely if filming the evidence beforehand saves the lives of those poor women who very unfortunately have not received the support they needed and have ended up taking their own lives, then absolutely going through cross-examination is not worth the loss of life."
The plans come after Plaid Cymru MP Liz Saville Roberts launched a private members bill to stop alleged rape victims being quizzed about their sexual history or appearance.
They told Sky News: "I think the effect of this is it will make the process stronger and that in itself will make rape victims more confident that they will have justice in court."
But others looked at the plans more dubiously, with Margaret Gardener, the director of the False Allegations Support Organisation, telling Sky News: "Justice is: one is innocent until proven guilty.
"By Ms Truss changing the system to the way it is, how does that equate to 'innocence until proven guilty' and the justice system that's supposed to be equal for all?"
Meanwhile, a new offence of "sexual communication with a child" comes into force next month and will carry a maximum two year prison sentence and automatically inclusion on the sex offenders register.
Ms Truss said: "In a world of mobile phones and social media, our children are ever more vulnerable to those who prey on their innocence and exploit their trust."
A bulletin posted today by NOAA says that there is a 50 percent chance that the climate event known as El Niño will be back this summer or fall. If it appears, it could mean heavy rainfall next winter for drought-stricken California and fewer tropical cyclones over the Atlantic this summer.
El Niño is a band of warm water that develops every two to seven years in the equatorial Pacific Ocean, causing profound effects to climate around the world. Conditions for officially declaring that El Niño has arrived require that average sea surface temperatures in the eastern Pacific are at least 0.5 degrees Celsius above average for three consecutive months. NOAA's Climate Prediction Center has recently been monitoring deep and warm water in the Western Pacific, as seen in the image above. This pool of warmth is moving eastward, likely heating up the Eastern Pacific in the coming months.
Strong westerly winds, which have been intensifying over the equatorial Pacific in the past month, make El Niño more likely. If they continue, then El Niño's chances of happening greatly increase, stated NOAA. But things are far from a done deal.
"While all models predict warming in the tropical Pacific, there is considerable uncertainty as to whether El Niño will develop during the summer or fall," according to the bulletin from NOAA's Climate Prediction Center.
The effects of El Niño are complex and vary depending on how strong the event is. While it often can mean increased rainfall, two strong El Niños actually brought less than average rainfall to California in the '60s and early '90s.
The most recent El Niño happened in 2009, though it was fairly moderate. The event was predicted to return in 2012, but those forecasts turned out to be false alarms. The strongest El Niño ever recorded occurred in 1997 and 1998, and brought major flooding and landslides to California.
05.16.12 - (PRESS RELEASE) Over 700,000 people have signed a petition demanding the Honduran Congress reject the latest attempt to criminalize the use or sale of emergency contraception. The proposed legislation —which was recently upheld by the Honduras Supreme Court—would impose punishment for offenders equal to punishment for obtaining or performing an abortion, which in Honduras is completely restricted. Under this new proposed law, even providing information about emergency contraception would be considered a criminal act.
The Center for Reproductive Rights, along with local partner Centro de Derechos de Mujeres and Avaaz, held a rally today on the steps of the Honduran Congress to present Congressional President Juan Orlando Hernández with the petition. The full Congress is expected to vote on the legislation next week.
“Honduras is getting closer to becoming one of the most dangerous places across the globe for women's reproductive rights,” said Nancy Northup, president and CEO for the Center for Reproductive Rights. “But it's not too late. The Honduran government still has a chance to prove they respect women and their right to control their reproductive health by rejecting this attempt to criminalize the use of emergency contraception.”
Honduras has banned the selling and distribution of emergency contraception since 2009, with the threat of fines and administrative penalties to those found in violation. However, if passed, the proposed legislation would impose harsh criminal punishments on any medical professional who distribute and sell emergency contraception and any woman who uses or attempts to use the medication to prevent an unintended pregnancy.
This legislation would make simply being caught with an emergency contraceptive pill on par with attempting an abortion. Currently, anyone who performs an abortion in Honduras can be sentenced anywhere from three to 10 years in prison, depending on if the woman consents or if violence and intimidation is a factor. Women who seek an abortion face three to six years in prison.
“Thousands upon thousands of people, women and men, teens and grandparents, all across the world have raised their voices on behalf of the women of Honduras,” said Alejandra Cárdenas, legal advisor for Latin America and Caribbean at the Center and primary speaker at today's protest. “Honduran officials now know that world is watching and we will speak out loudly against these assaults against reproductive rights. This is just the first step.”
The Center has been working with local and international women's rights groups to fight this ban on emergency contraception since it was first passed by the Honduran Congress in April 2009. Then-President José Manuel Zelaya was successfully urged to veto the ban a month after it was passed — immediately making the issue a matter before the Supreme Court.
However, following the country's June 2009 coup d'état, the de facto minister of health issued an administrative regulation in October 2009 banning emergency contraception, despite not yet having a ruling from the Supreme Court that would allow criminal enforcement of the ban. Since then, the Center and its local partners have been challenging this regulation—but the administration has refused to issue a final decision.
The Supreme Court did finally issue its ruling in February 2012, which paved the way for the Honduran Congress to consider a law that would impose harsh criminal punishments on any medical professionals who distribute and sell emergency contraception and any woman who uses or attempts to use the medication to prevent an unintended pregnancy.
While there has significant anti-choice efforts to restrict access to emergency contraception worldwide and specifically in Central and Latin America—including in Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, and Peru—Honduras' ban is the most sweeping so far. These extreme bans on emergency contraception have been widely recognized by international and regional human rights bodies, like the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, as violations of a woman's ability to exercise their fundamental rights.
Medical studies around the globe have deemed emergency contraception a safe, effective method of birth control after unprotected sex or when routine contraception fails. Despite false reports that describe emergency contraception as an “abortion pill,” emergency contraception is simply a higher dose of the same medication in typical birth control pills, and works by preventing an egg from being fertilized.
Access to emergency contraception can be a critical tool in preventing unwanted pregnancies — especially in countries where regular birth control can be difficult to obtain. Up to half of the sexually-active young women in Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and El Salvador have experienced challenges obtaining modern contraceptives — a statistic that is much higher for single women than married women and especially high among adolescent women.
A bill on the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, and which an Armenian MP had introduced to the parliament of the Iraqi Kurdistan autonomous region, has caused debates among the local political forces.
The parliament's Armenian member, Yervant Nisan, informed that they collected signatures from all parties in the parliament, and in favor of the draft law they introduced, reported the Rudaw website.
Although the parliament's Kurdistan Patriots Union (KYB) openly supported this bill, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and the Movement for Change (Gorran) platform preferred to remain silent on this matter.
KYB MP Rewas Fayik noted that they signed for this bill and its passing in the Iraqi Kurdistan parliament will be something ordinary.
Several KDP MPs likewise signed in favor of the passing of this proposed law.
KDP member Muhammad Amir Dershewi, for their part, said everyone knows that genocide was committed against the Armenians, and stressed that the parliament of the Kurdistan autonomous region must take the initiative.
Forty Iraqi Kurdistan MP's signed under this bill, which calls for the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, and it was submitted to the presidency of the parliament.
Senate Intelligence Panel Subpoenas Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
The Senate Intelligence Committee issued a subpoena for President Trump's former national security adviser Gen. Michael Flynn.
In a joint announcement, Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., chairperson of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., vice chairperson of the panel, said, "The subpoena requests documents relevant to the Committee's investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 elections."
The senators said the documents are the same as those first requested from Flynn on April 28. But through their legal counsel, Flynn declined to cooperate with the committee's request.
Politico reports that Flynn's attorneys told the committee that the former general would not cooperate with the investigation unless they were granted immunity.
Flynn was fired by Trump in February after published reports that the national security adviser had misled Vice President Pence about their discussions with the Russian ambassador to the United States.
Flynn's contacts with the Russian government are also being examined by the FBI's investigation of possible links between Trump campaign officials and Russian meddling in the elections. The status of that probe is unclear in the wake of Trump's firing of FBI chief James Comey on Tuesday.
A woman is accused of giving birth, attempting to flush the baby down down the toilet and abandoning the baby in a trash can in Iowa City.
Twenty-two-year-old Ashley Hautzenrader, of Davenport, faces a child endangerment charge.
According to a criminal complaint, Hautzenrader gave birth in a bathroom at University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics late Sunday night. Police said Hautzenrader told them that they did not know they were pregnant.
Police said Hautzenrader thought the baby was dead when they tried to flush the baby down the toilet.  They are accused of later placing the baby in a pillow case and leaving the baby in the trash can.
UIHC employees later found the baby alive.
The criminal complaint said Hautzenrader admitted to leaving the baby in the trash can.
There's no word on the condition of the baby this morning.
Hautzenrader faces a maximum of two years in prison as child endangerment without injury is an aggregated misdemeanor.
A judge put them on supervised release following their initial appearance in Johnson County court Tuesday morning.
A public defender will be appointed to represent Hautzenrader.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott (R) has said a lot about President Barack Obama's health care reform agenda over the last four years.
After making their name in politics fighting against what Scott called "government-run" health care, last week Scott said their state should take part in Obamacare's Medicaid expansion. Seven Republican governors have now made the same call -- but Scott is a special case.
Scott, a former hospital industry executive, founded the anti-Obamacare group Conservatives for Patients' Rights in 2009. After raising their profile as a leading Obamacare hater, Scott won the 2010 gubernatorial election and continued their attacks against the health care reform law.
In the end, the crusader against government-run health care has become a reluctant champion for enrolling an estimated 1.3 million Floridians into just that.
Here is a selection of Scott's statements on Obamacare from 2009 to the present:
March 5, 2009: "The free market does everything better than the government does it. Every time the government gets involved, costs go up, access goes down."
-- on FOX News Channel (via Media Matters for America)
March 24, 2009: "[M]oving towards a single-payer or universal health care system could guarantee access to all, it would do so at a terrible cost. It would strip patients of the power to make their own medical decisions, put government bureaucrats in charge of rationing care and force patients onto long waiting lists for the care they can receive."
-- in written testimony submitted to Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee via Health Care for America Now
Aug. 6, 2009: "I clearly believe that government-run health care will be bad for you as a patient. It will be bad for you as a taxpayer. It will be bad for our country." -- on CNN
Oct 25, 2010: "Obamacare is going to be horrible for patients. It's going to be horrible for taxpayers. It's probably the biggest job killer ever." -- during gubernatorial debate with Democratic nominee Alex Sink, via Examiner.com
Nov. 23, 2010: "Each time the government runs health care program, three things happen: They overpromise, they run out of money and they ration care." -- on FOX News Channel (via Nexis)
Jan. 18, 2011: "It's going to cause rationing of care. It's going to hurt patients. They know that we can't pay for it from a tax standpoint. It's hurting our budget in our state with Medicaid. It's almost a third of our budget now."
-- on FOX Business Channel (via Nexis)
Feb. 15, 2011: "They're going to create a lot of dependency for Medicaid and then they're going to pull the rug out from under Floridians ... Floridians are fed up with this. They're fed up with the federal government telling us what to do, making us more dependent on federal dollars and then changing the rules. They need to just give us a block grant, let us spend the money the way we want to do it." -- on FOX News Channel
March 23, 2011: "The law also threatens Florida's state budget. A study by the Cato Institute's Jagadeesh Gokhale estimates Florida will have to increase its Medicaid spending by 11 percent in 2014 and by 24 percent over the next 10 years -- a $24 billion unfunded mandate. This is money we do not have." -- "ObamaCare: It's one year too many," Tampa Bay Tribune op-ed
July 29, 2011: "I don't want to waste either federal money or state money on something that's unconstitutional." -- quoted by The New York Times
Aug. 15, 2011: "If implemented, Obamacare will result in the rationing of healthcare, significant tax increases, significant job losses and the inability of many Americans to keep their existing health insurance."
-- statement reported by Sunshine State News
Nov. 18, 2011:"It's not the law of the land. I don't believe it will ever be the law of the land." -- quoted by the Associated Press
July 1, 2012: "[S]ince Florida is legally allowed to opt out, that's the right decision for our citizens." -- governor's office press release
July 2, 2012: "Government health care programs, everywhere in the world, do three things: They promise you the world, they say, 'Oh, we're going to cover everything.' Then what they do is they run out of money and they underpay hospitals, doctors, and guess what happens? They don't want to take care of you ... If you care about patients, this is devastating for you." -- on FOX News Channel (via Politico)
Sept. 13, 2012: "But even if Obamacare is never repealed, its ultimate fate will be determined by those states that reject the Medicaid expansion. States that opt in will be compared to those that opt out, and Americans will be able to see the difference between responsible governance and rampant spending. I am confident Florida will succeed where other states fail. The result will be more financial flexibility to provide tax cuts or fund programs that deliver proven results ...The federal government still hasn't learned that you shouldn't spend money you don't have." -- "More Medicaid? No Thanks," The American Spectator op-ed
Jan. 7, 2013: "Growing government, it's never free. It always costs money. What we're talking about here with this Medicaid expansion is doubling the number of Medicaid recipients ... As you expand something, you can't undo it." -- interview with reporters in Washington
Feb. 20, 2013: "This country is the greatest in the world and it's greatest largely because of how we value the weakest among us. Quality health care shoud be accessible and affordable for all Floridians. It shouldn't depend on your zip code or your tax bracket. No mother or father should despair over whether they have access to high-quality health care for their sick child.
But Mackenzie said there were still two other parties interested in buying the sport and they did not expect an announcement this week. Liberty Media's sister company, Liberty Global and Discovery Communications, has also been interested, along with investors from Qatar, China, as well as American billionaire Stephen Ross, the owner of the Miami Dolphins American football team.
Until a deal is announced, many in the sport will have had a hard time believing it will come off. This saga has been going back and forth for years.
Ecclestone, a lifelong tactician, triggered this latest round of speculation themselves by telling a German magazine the sale to Liberty Media would be announced on Tuesday. But just an hour before the start of the race they were singing from a very different hymn sheet.
“You know what deals are like,” Ecclestone said. “Until the money is in the bank it's all nonsense.”
CVC bought the sport in 2005 and has made billions as Ecclestone has taken it to new and lucrative parts of the world. In a hugely complicated ownership structure, the private equity company owns 35 per cent, while US fund manager, Waddell & Reed, has 20 per cent.
Ecclestone themselves owns five per cent of the sport and their Bambino Trust has another eight per cent.
It's fair to say Orica-GreenEdge had a great Tour Down Under. With four stage wins out of a possible six, victory in the points classification and, of course, the race overall, the Australian squad stood head and shoulders above all others at the season's first WorldTour race.
And while it was Simon Gerrans and Caleb Ewan that shared the victories between them, it was the hard work of their teammates that made those results possible.
In this post, Stephen Gallagher from Dig Deep Coaching takes a look at the power files of Orica-GreenEdge workhorses Luke Durbridge and Mat Hayman, to see what it takes to control a bike race as impressively as Orica-GreenEdge did.
Glossary of terms
In order to make sense of the information below, it helps to understand a couple of key concepts:
TSS: TSS (or Training Stress Score) is a measure of the intensity and duration of a ride. A rider can earn a TSS of 100 by putting in an all-out, 100%, hour-long effort. Given most rides aren't completed at 100% intensity, most efforts will accumulate less than 100 TSS per hour. Click here to learn more about TSS.
Normalised power: A rider's average power is simply that — the average amount of power (in Watts) they produced for a given effort. But this figure can be misleading as it doesn't take into account how hard the hardest (and easiest) sections of the ride were.
A better measure of a ride's intensity is normalised power. This is an estimate of the power the rider could have maintainted for the same physiological “cost”, had their power output been constant. Click here to learn more about normalised power.
Stage 1 – Luke Durbridge
Distance: 130km
Stage finish: 130th
Elapsed time: 3 hours 25 minutes
TSS score: 164
Average power: 236 Watts (3.03W/kg)
Normalised power: 306W
Average heartrate: 145bpm
Stage 1 of this year's TDU was a day for the sprinters and with Orica-GreenEdge having the best sprinter in the race — Caleb Ewan — the expectation fell to Orica to control the race. And control it they did with final victory going to Ewan in Lyndoch thanks, in part, to the work done by their teammates.
Luke Durbridge was one of the main riders controlling the race for Orica, along with Michael Hepburn. In the initial part of the race this meant keeping the break within touching distance which saw Durbridge average 325W (4.17W/kg) for a 30-minute period, including the ascent of the day's KOM climb.
After this the peloton settled into a constant rhythm which allowed Durbridge and their team to keep the break at close quarters. Their peak power for one hour was during this middle section of the race where they averaged 264W (3.4W/kg).
From Durbridge's file you can see that most of their power peaks were seen in the last 16km of the stage as they began to wind up for the sprint. Durbridge hit a peak five-minute power of 404W (5.18W/kg) as they helped position Ewan for the sprint. Their last big pull came in the last few kilometres where they averaged 472W (6.05W/kg) for two minutes, averaging 51.5km/h and maxing at close to 60km/h.
Durbridge's incredible strength and endurance is shown in their ability to assist in controlling the peloton and breakaway during the long hot stage and still being able to make big turns for their team leader in the final, crucial part of the stage.
See Luke Durbridge's Training Peaks file from stage 1 here.
Stage 2 – Mathew Hayman
Distance: 132km
Stage finish: 92nd
Elapsed time: 3 hours 29 minutes
TSS score: 241
Average power: 275W (3.57W/kg)
Normalised power: 345W
Average heartrate: 147bpm
Aggressive riding from the gun made the initial 20km of stage 2 the hardest part of the day. Looking at Mathew Hayman's power file we can see that almost all of their peak powers from two minutes to 30 minutes all came in the first 13km as the road headed upwards towards the Category 2 KOM of Range View Road in Carey Gully.
Their peak 20-minute power was 394W (5.13W/kg), riding just below their threshold on this long climb where gradients ranged from 8-10%. Their ability to spin a gear and maintain a solid wattage is something the pros make look easy and here Hayman was averaging 83rpm. This really was a hard start to the stage.
After a small respite before the final kick up to Carey Gully, Hayman put out 437W (5.75W/kg) for just over two minutes on the rise to the top of the climb. This was a solid start to what would be another day of the Orica team controlling the race for their stage and overall ambitions.
After the initial scurry of attacks and climbs in the first 13km the race then settled down and this meant keeping a constant pace to make sure the breakaway did not take too many minutes. During this phase Hayman averaged 320W (4.2W/kg) for two hours on the rolling Stirling circuit. For the majority of recreational cyclists who enjoy riding their bike regularly, riding at 320W (4.2W/kg) is manageable for a number of minutes and not for hours on end.
The last kick to the finish saw Hayman again hit out at 360W (4.73W/kg) for the last 5km as they approached the line.
See Mathew Hayman's Training Peaks file from stage 2 here.
Stage 3 – Luke Durbridge
Distance: 139km
Stage finish: 100th
Elapsed time: 3 hours 45 minutes
TSS score: 155
Average power: 212W (2.72W/kg)
Normalised power: 280W
Average heartrate: 130bpm
With Jay McCarthy winning stage 2 and taking the overall lead, the pressure was off Orica-GreenEdge on stage 3 as Tinkoff controlled the peloton. This showed in Luke Durbridge's power file as they were able to maintain a mostly aerobic ride during the majority of the stage, average 285W (normalised) for the first two hours of the race at an average of 35.5km/h.
The pressure to position GC riders at the front of the bunch prior to the Corkscrew Road climb create a crash which split the bunch and left Durbridge's team leader, Simon Gerrans, behind the split. Durbridge spent a solid six minutes chasing to make sure Gerrans was back in front before the turn on to the climb.
During this period Durbridge hit their peak one-minute and six-minute powers. The six-minute effort of 367W (4.7W/kg) enabled their leader to join the fight for the stage and GC. Once contact was made the work was done for Durbridge. They were able to ride an easy tempo up the Corkscrew Road climb at 290W (3.7W/kg) in the knowledge that their team leader was placed in a winning position. And win Gerrans did.
See Luke Durbridge's Training Peaks file from stage 3 here.
Stage 4 – Mathew Hayman
Distance: 151km
Stage finish: 91st
Elapsed time: 3 hours 26 minutes
TSS score: 216
Average power: 248W (3.22W/kg)
Normalised power: 330W
Average heartrate: 137bpm
With Simon Gerrans in the overall lead, stage 4 saw Orica-GreenEdge heading the bunch en route to Victor Harbor. The main job for the likes of Mathew Hayman was to maintain Gerrans' overall lead but there was also a plan to extend the lead by taking bonus seconds at the intermediate sprint after 27km.
In the first hour of the stage Hayman hit all of their peak power ranges from one minute to 90 minutes. The effort needed to keep the peloton together can be seen on the Norton Summit climb which started straight out of the neutral zone. Hayman rode for 20 minutes at 424W (5.59W/kg) including five minutes at just under 500W (6.6W/kg) at the very start of the hill.
The pace was on until the first intermediate sprint, after which the bunch was able to settle down to a more controlled pace and a break was allowed to slip away.
The final part of Hayman's work on stage 4 was to keep position and keep the pace on during the approach to the Crow's Nest climb. In this section Hayman rode at 432W (5.7W/kg) for seven minutes. By the top of the climb their job was done for the day. Gerrans went on to win the stage and extend their overall lead.
View Mathew Hayman's Training Peaks file from stage 4 here.
Stage 5 – Mathew Hayman
Distance: 151km
Stage finish: 95th
Elapsed time: 3 hours 42 minutes
TSS score: 233
Average power: 257W (3.34W/kg)
Normalised power: 330W
Average heartrate: 132bpm
With Orica-GreenEdge back in command and policing the peloton, stage 5 was another hard day for the workhorses of the team. The start was again fast and furious with Hayman averaging 420W (normalised) for the first 15 minutes with an average speed just below 50km/h. They also reached close to 1,100W (14.5W/kg) in this initial part of the stage.
As expected, the pace into the first ascent of Willunga Hill was extremely hard with the Orica-GreenEdge guys maintaining a fast pace so as to nullify any attacks. To do this, Hayman was riding above their threshold at 453W (5.88W/kg) for just under nine minutes. This effort was required to maintain a presence for their team and set up Gerrans for the last ascent to the finish.
Hayman's job was not yet finished after the first ascent as they maintained the high pace and helped position their team leader to the fore between the climbs. This saw Hayman hit their peak 30-second effort of 612W (8.1W/kg), just to maintain position.
Hayman's work was done as they hit the climb for the last time and a successful stage was complete as their team leader Simon Gerrans was able to hold on to their leader's jersey by nine seconds.
View Mathew Hayman's Training Peaks file from stage 5 here.
Stage 6 – Mathew Hayman
Distance: 90km
Stage finish: 86th
Elapsed time: 1 hour 55 minutes
TSS score: 149
Average power: 294W (3.82W/kg)
Normalised power: 368W
Average heartrate: 140bpm
On the final day of the Tour Down Under, Mat Hayman and their teammates had two jobs: keep Simon Gerrans out of trouble, and get Caleb Ewan into position for the final sprint.
Hayman put out some high wattages in the first 20 minutes when a flurry of attacks took place. The first 20 minutes of the race saw them average 360W (normalised) maxing out at 1,213W (16W/kg) as they kept the race under control. The bunch was consistently riding at over 50km/h during the straights and parts of the circuit that allowed them to keep a constant pace. But the corners were a different story.
On each of the 20 laps, Hayman had to kick out of four corners at above 600W (7.9W/kg) for 10-20 seconds, in order to keep position at the front of the peloton. In fact, Hayman spent 20 minutes at over 500W (6.6W/kg) on stage 6, more than 15% of the race duration.
As expected, the pace ramped up towards the end of the race as the sprint approached. Hayman hit all of their peak powers in the last 16km of the race. The final lead-out for Ewan saw Hayman average 510W (6.7W/kg) for the final two minutes, maxing out at an impressive 66km/h.
View Mathew Hayman's Training Peaks file from stage 6 here.
This Premier League season has been something of a carnival sideshow. From the miraculous Leicester City to the macabre Chelsea, the table is chock full of oddities. Among the weirdness, though, one comforting storyline remains.
Arsenal, in traditional Arsenal fashion, appear to be Arsenal-ing their way down the table. They're now five points behind Leicester City and three behind their most likely rival, Manchester City. They've dropped behind hated North London rival Tottenham Hotspur on goal difference. If recent form (three draws and a loss in their past four league games) is to be believed, Arsene Wenger's squad is once again destined to flutter safely into third or fourth place.
But how much of a concern are these past four games? Are they enough to change the trajectory of the 20 that came before them? Or is the past month the blip, and is Arsenal's past decade of history obscuring the fact that this time it really is different?
In short, have Arsenal gone and done an Arsenal?
Form is a tricky thing. On the one hand, Arsenal's current form isn't great. At the same time, there was nothing wrong with their performance against Stoke, other than that one incredibly wrong thing of the ball not ending up in the back of the net. Southampton's Fraser Forster then stood on their head and denied Arsenal a raft of good chances. Forster was forced into 10 saves, tied for the most of any keeper in a game this season (tied with Stoke's Jack Butland who also managed it against Arsenal). And on the other end, they gave up a grand total of three shots on target.
It's the kind of performance that wouldn't raise any alarms if divorced from the ones that came before. But in the context of the three previous matches, it certainly makes it feel as though the end is nigh.
That context is important because while Tuesday's scoreless draw with Southampton may have been undersold by their recent results, the same was not true for the three before that. Going back even further, Arsenal have been solid, but hardly top-of-the-table spectacular, for about two months now. They have, however, been able to grind out ugly results -- and also a stunningly comfortable win over Manchester City -- for much of that time despite not hitting the heights they reached in the first half of the season.
It's been enough to keep them in the mix at the top of the table. Then the last four games happened.
That two-month stretch coincides with Arsenal's seemingly yearly rash of injuries. Alexis Sanchez, Santi Cazorla and Francis Coquelin all went down and missed significant periods of time, and it clearly hurt Arsenal's performance. Before December, the team were firing all on all cylinders, leading the league in expected goals per game at a whopping 2.33 while being second in shots (17.43) and third in shots on goal (5.79). They were similarly imperious in defense. They gave up the fewest expected goals in the league (0.89), the third-fewest shots (10 per game) and, somewhat surprisingly, the sixth-fewest shots on target (3.79).
But when the calendar turned and players started using their hamstrings as Christmas stockings, things looked different. Their expected goals dropped to 1.79, still third in the league but a noticeable down tick; the same is true of their shots on target dipping to a fourth-best 4.70. Their shot totals, however, plummeted to 11.90 per game, 11th in the league.
Arsenal have dipped in form over the past two months, but they still have plenty of time to rebound.
Defensively, the news hasn't been much better. Their expected goals conceded went up to 1.25 per game (a decidedly average seventh-best), though that's actually the good news because their shot numbers starting Dec. 1 are simply miserable. They're giving up a horrendous looking 4.50 shots on target per game (fifth-most in the league) and 15 shots total per game, a number only topped by West Ham.
Arsenal's penchant for trying to walk the ball into the net is a long-standing trope. Over the past couple of seasons, especially since the arrival of Alexis Sanchez, it has largely been an unfair one. During that stretch, Arsenal have largely been a team that both create a high volume of shots and take those shots from better locations than other teams. Over the past two months, that has simply not been the case.
Ten games is a relatively small sample, of course. They also played a couple of teams (Bournemouth and Aston Villa) that are particularly vulnerable to giving up dangerous attempts, making the most of it in both cases. Against Manchester City as well, Arsenal took the lead on a fairly low expectation shot but were then able to spend the rest of the match countering a City side desperate to make something happen and wrack up lots of really good chances. That's roughly a third of their games right there.
By and large across the sample period, Arsenal's players didn't cope with the loss of Sanchez and Cazorla, who account for almost six shots per 90 minutes between them, by shooting more. They actually shot less. Striker Olivier Giroud dropped from 4.08 shots per game to 3.08, and Theo Walcott's output plummeted from 4.42 to 1.79. Even Aaron Ramsey, who was also dealing with changing positions in the absence of Cazorla and Coquelin, dropped half a shot (2.74 to 2.35).
All of that came about as Arsenal also had less of the ball, attempting only 550 passes per game from December on after starting out at 606.
Without their main complement of players, it's not only that Arsenal couldn't replicate the production they lost, but also that they struggled -- or chose not to try -- to replicate the foundations that the production was based on. Instead, aided by a particularly soft part of their schedule, they managed to preserve the very best of their chances while being unable to either create or prevent nearly the number of scoring opportunities they had when they'd been flying high.
This is a trick that's extremely hard to pull off. It's difficult to imagine Arsenal would have managed it without the unique combination of Mesut Ozil's passing wizardry, Giroud's relentless near-post runs and sharp link-up play, and Joel Campbell's surprisingly proficient passing and a handful of particularly pliant opponents.
The misfortune of facing in-form goalies like Southampton's Fraser Forster has hurt, but Arsenal are still in the title race.
Luckily, they won't have to for much longer. Sanchez and Coquelin are both back from injury and filling the gaping holes they initially left. That leaves only Cazorla prominently absent. So from that perspective, improved performances are likely on the horizon.
The bad news is a lot of the damage has already been done. Four games ago Arsenal sat on top of the league, two points clear of Leicester City and three ahead of Manchester City. They had a future that involved hosting Leicester City on Feb. 14 and going to the Etihad on the penultimate weekend of the season without needing to take all three points.
Now those roles have reversed. Arsenal is the one chasing the pack, and they have dropped behind not only those two rivals but also Tottenham.
One of the benefits of playing like the best team in the league for a long stretch is that the current downturn hasn't cost Arsenal their title chances; it's simply erased their margin for error.
Mike L. Goodman is a Washington, D.C.-based soccer writer and analyst covering European soccer, the U.S. Men's National Team and more. Follow them on Twitter @TheM_L_G.
A skilled helmsman is an unspeakably-important asset for any starship facing combat scenarios. Even the largest modern Cruiser or Dreadnought can be made to dance through the stars when its pilot truly knows the ship and their capabilities.
Following in the footsteps of exceptional pilots such as William T. Riker and Tom Paris, these daring officers are known for taking risks and catching enemies off-guard through the use of superior mobility. The tools at their disposal are geared towards enhancing and capitalizing on the high speed and maneuverability of escorts, raiders and other light starships.
Training a Pilot
After purchasing 10 abilities in the Pilot Captain Specialization, players will have the ability to create Specialization Qualifications for the Pilot Bridge Officer Specialization by accessing the Officer Training R&D School. Every Specialization Qualification will teach the assigned Bridge Officer a full suite of four new Pilot Space Abilities.
Common-quality Pilot Specialist Bridge Officers can also be obtained by visiting a Bridge Officer Candidate Store at the social hub applicable to your faction.
Pilot Abilities
Space is the only playground of a Pilot. No new Ground Abilities will be added with the roll-out of the Pilot Bridge Officer Specialization, allowing these officers to focus their efforts exclusively on combat maneuverability in zero-gravity environments.
The following section will give a brief explanation of each of the abilities offered to Pilot Specialists. Please be aware that the details are subject to change, as we continue to review and tune them based on both internal testing, and player experience and feedback gathered from the Tribble Test Server.
GROUND:
(No new abilities)
SPACE:
Attack Pattern: Lambda Increase your Accuracy while reducing the Subsystem Power cost of your Weapons Any foe damaged by your weapons while this is active will suffer an Accuracy and Perception debuff and has a chance of being Confused. ** This ability shares a cooldown category with other Attack Patterns, but also benefits from any ability that improves existing Attack Patterns, including the Pilot Spec ability “Attack Pattern Expertise.”
Clean Getaway Gain a substantial speed boost, while simultaneously Placating and Slowing any foes caught in a wide cone area behind your ship. This ability is also a total Threat Wipe when used vs. NPCs
Coolant Ignition Eject a trail of coolant behind your ship. This coolant remains dormant for the first half of its duration, slowing foes that come in contact with it. After several seconds, the coolant will ignite. Once ignited, it no longer slows, but now deals heavy damage to foes caught in the area. **This ability shares a cooldown category with Eject Warp Plasma and other similar variants.
Deploy Countermeasures Destroys all Mines and Targetable Torpedoes within a short radius, and grants you a short duration immunity to Kinetic Damage from all sources. Enemy starships nearby have a chance to be Confused if they are caught in the spread.
Fly Them Apart Gradually increases speed over time, at the cost of Hull and Shields. Upon deactivating this ability, you gain an Ambush Bonus that scales with how long Fly Them Apart remained in effect.
Form Up Target a nearby ally and warp your ship into formation with them. As long as you and the targeted ally remain within a short distance of one another, both gain a bonus to damage that gradually increases over time.
Hold Together For several seconds, restore your hull over time. The effectiveness of this restoration is increased based on your current Throttle %. If above a certain Throttle threshold, this ability will also remove Hazard debuffs periodically.
Lock Trajectory Set your Inertia Rating to Zero, but increase your Turn Rate Skillful use of this ability will allow a Pilot to keep even narrow-arc weapons on target, while moving alongside or even away from their foes.
Pilot Team Increase the Accuracy and Defense of yourself or a targeted ally, while also granting temporary immunity to movement-impairing effects. **This ability shares a cooldown category with other “Team” type abilities, but also benefits from effects that enhance existing “Team” abilities.
Reinforcements Squadron Call in a wing of four skilled pilots in runabout-sized craft to assist you. These vessels make use of various Pilot abilities to avoid damage and harass your foes.
Reroute Reserves to Weapons While active, weapon activation will not drain power from your Weapons Subsystem. Instead, every shot will drain a small amount of power from your Engines Subsystem. In addition to this, the firing cycles of your weapons will be sped up, cycling faster and recharging faster between shots. ** This ability shares a cooldown category with weapon enhancements like Beam Fire At Will, Cannon Rapid Fire and Surgical Strikes
Subspace Boom Increase your speed and send out a shockwave from your current location that will damage nearby foes while also debuffing their speed and leaving behind a lingering hazard in the area. Foes that wander into this lingering hazard will also have their speed decreased.
Chart of Pilot Abilities by Rank
NAME
Attack Pattern : Lambda
Deploy Countermeasures
Lock Trajectory
Pilot Team
Clean Getaway
Fly Them Apart
Hold Together
Reinforcements Squadron
Coolant Ignition
Form Up
Reroute Weapon Reserves
Subspace Boom ENS
I
I
I
I
I LT
II
II
II
II
I
I
I
I LTC
III
III
III
III
II
II
II
II
I
I
I
I CDR
III
III
III
III
II/III
II/III
II/III
II/III
Q&A
Q: What ships/seats allow the use of Pilot Officer Abilities in Space?
A: In order to utilize the Pilot Officer space abilities, you must be flying a starship that has a Hybrid Pilot Officer Bridge Officer seat. They are not usable in “Universal” Profession seats, or existing Intelligence Specialist or Command Specialist Bridge Officer seats. The line-up of starships that will have hybrid Pilot Officer seats has not yet been announced, but keep your eyes on our website for those announcements!
Q: I need more details about these abilities! These blurbs don't explain their full functionality!
A: This Dev Blog is purposefully designed to be only a high-level review of the concept for each ability, as they are still in the midst of tuning and iteration. Specific details for each can be reviewed on the Tribble Test Server, once this feature is ready for public testing. We will endeavor to respond to feedback regarding each ability, including potential balance concerns, throughout the coming weeks leading up to the release of this feature on Holodeck.
Jeremy “BorticusCryptic” Randall
Systems Designer
Star Trek Online
Discuss in the forums.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
It's possible that I'm the one that's confused. But since it's my blog, I'll write the post as if others are confused.
Picture the AS/AD diagram. Now shift AS to the right, due to population growth, capital accumulation, resource discovery, or technological developments. What happens to AD? I guess it depends on what you mean by “AD.” I'd say nothing happens, although the quantity demanded rises at a lower price level. When I read others I often get the impression they have in mind some sort of “real AD” concept, which would drain AD of all meaning. After all, if it's quantity demanded, then any and all changes in output are changes in aggregate demand. This would allow no debate as to whether recessions were caused by AD shocks, as a recession is defined as a significant fall in output. It becomes a tautology! Yet I get the feeling reading people like Stiglitz that they view AD is a real concept, not a nominal concept.
Or consider an increase in AD when the economy is at capacity. The textbooks say you just get inflation in that case. But if you used a “real AD” concept, then there would have been no increase in AD in the first place. That's right, even in Zimbabwe AD did not rise, because output didn't rise.
Why does this confusion exist? Perhaps because we have two radically different ways of thinking about AD; the monetary approach (M*V) which is obviously a nominal concept, and the Keynesian approach (C+I+G+NX) , which could be visualized in either nominal or real terms. Most people are Keynesians, and think in terms of actual purchases of goods and services. To take a micro analogy, most people view the terms ‘consumer purchases' and the term ‘demand' as being synonymous. Even though purchases are also sales, and could just as well be termed “quantity supplied.” (Remember those graphs of “oil demand” over the next 50 years?) When I read popular writers on macroeconomics I see them break the economy down into sectors, and talk about things like “December demand for US made cars,” what they really mean is “quantity demanded.”
The deeper problem is that the Keynesian and monetarist worldviews are nearly incommensurable. It's very hard to mentally toggle back and forth between the two approaches, because they are so radically different.
When I read the following quotation from Tyler Cowen, I initially wondered whether they were confusing AD with real quantity demanded:
Weak job creation remains at the heart of America's unemployment problem. Accepting this hypothesis does not require the rejection of Keynesian economics; for instance you can think of weak job and start-up creation as one reason why AD is not recovering so well on its own, with causation running both ways of course.
(BTW, commenters should not complain that their first sentence is tautological, he's talking about gross job creation, not net job creation.)
I see economic dynamism, creative destruction, as something that affects AS, not AD. Yet in the very next line they show that he's not confused. Like me, they view AD as a nominal concept:
Remember “” monetary velocity is endogenous to perceived gains from trade.
But I'm still not happy, because I don't agree with their implicit assumption that velocity shocks affect AD. They do under Friedman's 4% money growth rule, and they do under a gold standard. But velocity shocks have no impact on AD under the following monetary regimes:
1. Inflation targeting.
2. NGDP targeting.
3. A Taylor Rule.
4. A hybrid policy where the central bank does just enough QE to prevent inflation from falling below 1%, but no more.
I'm not quite sure what sort of regime we have today, but my hunch is that it's closer to the 4 items on that list, then it is to either a 4% money rule or a gold standard. If I had to guess I'd assume Tyler might have made the following error:
1. They developed a real theory of unemployment (no problem there.)
2. Saw market monetarists looking over their shoulder, or perhaps felt uncomfortable with empirical evidence that AD matters too, and decided that the theory was in some way compatible with AD theories of the recession. But I don't think you can do that. An AD theory must be 100% nominal. That means it must move the monetary policy process front and center into any explanation.
This doesn't mean that real shocks can't matter. For instance, I speculated that in 2008 and 2011 the oil price shocks made monetary policy more contractionary, which reduced AD. In both cases the Fed saw high headline inflation rates, and became squeamish about monetary stimulus. In both cases they tightened enough to reduce NGDP growth, even as inflation was still above target. The slower NGDP growth slowed the economy. It's possible that a similar explanation could be developed with Tyler's job creation story. But I don't think it's enough to tack on a “velocity might fall” explanation. To me, that seems too much like someone working out a real theory of AD, and then assuming nominal AD must move in the right way to make it work. As when Keynesians convince themselves that fiscal policy must affect AD, and then offhandedly suggest that velocity will move in the right direction to make it happen. Maybe so, but the theory needs to be developed in terms of actual central bank practice, i.e. changes in M*V, not just a add-on assumption about velocity.
PS. A whole different issue is the question of how nominal AD shocks get translated into real changes in quantity demanded (those December car sales.) For that you need wage/price stickiness, and Tyler Cowen has a new post that discusses fascinating evidence on wage stickiness in rural India (where you might expect wages to be flexible.)
PPS. Here's how I'd make the argument if a gun was pointed at my head. A more dynamic job creation process would somehow raise the Wicksellian equilibrium real interest rate. This would allow the Fed to do less of the “unconventional monetary stimulus” that is it squeamish about doing, and more conventional stimulus, for any given inflation rate. Do I believe that? I'm not sure.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on December 15th, 2011 and is filed under Keynesianism, Market monetarism, Misc., Monetarism, Monetary Policy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Child welfare services investigate pageant mother over Botox injections given to their eight-year-old daughter
San Francisco authorities are investigating a mother who says they give anti-wrinkle Botox injections to their eight-year-old daughter who appears in beauty contests.
California mum Kerry Campbell has come under fire after admitting they inject their young daughter Britney with Botox to get rid of 'wrinkles' that appear on the girl's face when they smile.
Officials from the city's Human Services Agency will interview Ms Campbell and Britney after the mother's comments on ABC's Good Morning America.
Scroll down for video footage
Shocking: Ms Campbell marks Britney's face before injecting them with Botox
Risky: Experts say the treatment may well cause psychological damage
They said they got the idea to give their daughter the injections from other pageant mothers.
San Francisco Human Services Agency spokesperson Trent Rohrer told the San Francisco Chronicle: 'It's pretty unusual for a mum to be injecting an eight-year-old with Botox, and certainly is grounds for an investigation.'
They said their office received numerous calls from people concerned about Britney's well-being after the TV appearance.
Botox injections can be painful and are not recommended for anyone under the age of 18.
Bruised: Eight-year-old Britney recovers with an ice pack after the treatment
Painful: Ms Campbell claims the Botox is not damaging their daughter
Ms Campbell also told the TV programme that they wax their daughter's upper legs in case they hit puberty and any 'fluffy hair' starts to appear.
Experts said the child is now at risk of long-lasting psychological problems because of the beauty treatments.
Ms Campbell, a part-time beautician who also administers Botox on herself, claimed they only gave their daughter the treatment because when they were applying for pageants, and that their child asked them for it.
They said: 'We were getting into the pageants. I knew they were complaining about their face, having wrinkles, and things like that. When I brought it up to Britney they were all for it.
'She had watched me do it before. So when we first did it they were fine with it.'
In defence: Despite the furore, Ms Campbell insists they are a good parent
When they spot 'wrinkles', Ms Campbell gives their daughter five injections in three different locations on their face.
Ms Campbell would not comment on where they buy the expensive treatment from, saying only that they had 'a trusted source where I get it.  They are a behind-the-scene doctor'.
Ms Campbell added: 'The few times that we did it, it would lessen the lines. They wouldn't completely disappear, she's a kid. And we don't do so much to where it's going to make a big difference. Just on the lines.'
Ms Campbell also admitted to waxing their daughter in the name of pageant success.
'They call it little fluffy hair,' they said. 'They get judged on all that stuff. It's a tough world, the pageant world, I'm telling you. The kids are harsh.'
Pageant: Britney all made up at one of the child beauty competitions
Eight-year-old Britney added: 'I just don't think it's ladylike to have hair on your legs. I did that one time. It was super, super hard. It hurts.
Asked if they would like to be waxed again, the child quickly said: 'No.'
Experts said Kerry was at serious risk of damaging their daughter for life, both physically and psychologically.
Psychiatrist Dr. Charles Sophy said: 'When I first heard this story, I think my initial reaction is to be a little bit in disbelief, and a little bit horrified. There's a lot of psychological damage that can be caused.'
The girl's mother, however, insists they are a good mother and says they are not doing anything that other pageant mums would not do.
They said: 'I got influenced by some of the mums when we went to one of the pageants. They were telling me about the lines on them face. A lot of the mums are giving their kids Botox. It happens.
'I have a normal child. It's not breaking their spirit. She's happy. They run around. She's smart.
'I'm a great mother. I've taken care of them by myself my whole life and nobody can really tell me what I'm doing is wrong. Because it's me. I live in my shoes. And they live in hers. She's a happy kid and that's the bottom line.'
Britney added: 'It hurts sometimes. It makes me nervous. But I get used to it.
'My friends think it's cool I have all the treatments and they want to be like me. I check every night for wrinkles, when I see some I want more injections. They used to hurt, but now I don't cry that much.'
ABC News's chief health and medical editor, Dr Richard Besser, said: 'As a doctor, if I'd seen this mother, I would be required to report them to protective services because it's maltreatment.
'Any doctor who would give a parent Botox to administer to their children should lose their license… there's not a state where you don't need to be a licensed doctor or under direct supervision of a doctor to inject this.'
Dr Besser said that Botox is used to correct children who are cross-eyed or suffering from some neurological disorders, but not typically for cosmetic reasons because of safety issues.
They added: 'If you inject it in the face and it drifts to your throat, it can prevent you from swallowing. If it drifts to your breathing muscles... you can stop breathing.
'In a young child, if you're chronically using it on the face, it may actually change the shape of your face because your muscles interact with your bones to form what your face eventually looks like.'
Rave Motion Pictures City Place 14 6 Gallery: Rave Motion Pictures City Place 14
KALAMAZOO, MI --
A new movie theater to
could be announced "in a matter of weeks," as details of a lease with the property owner are being negotiated, according to an official involved.
"We have not finalized all the details, so I'm not at liberty to speak in any kind of detail about who it is, but there certainly will be a new operator in place," said Brian Moriarty, vice president of corporate communications for Kansas City, Mo.-based EPR Properties, formerly Entertainment Properties Trust. "We would expect it to be in the spring when it's reopened. It will close down for a period of time while it transfers to a new operator and then it will be reopened with the new operator in place."
Rave likely will operate the theater until January, when it will close for renovations, they said.
Moriarty said their company is "very close and very confident" a deal with a new theater company will be finalized. They would not say whether the theater operator already exists in the Kalamazoo-area market.
"We're excited to have a new operator in place and obviously it will provide an enhanced experience," Moriarty said. "We look forward to being able to continue to be in that location with the new operator and be able to provide a great venue."
DKI confirmed Monday that plans by Rave Motion Pictures to leave its downtown Kalamazoo location had been in place for six to eight months.
"They can't tell us who the new operator is, however, we know that the new operator is bringing in a new concept to film watching and that it will be a unique experience," said Vicky Kettner, community relations director for Downtown Kalamazoo Inc.
Rave Cityplace 14, featuring digital projection on 10 of its screens and 2,900 seats, opened in November 2006 at the corner of South and Portage streets in downtown Kalamazoo.
Kettner said downtown's entertainment district feeds off and is closely tied to the success of the movie theater.
"It's important for everyone to know that we're not going to miss, we're not going to lose out on a presence of having a movie house downtown," Kettner said. "That news, that's exciting. If it was a failing opportunity, if there wasn't an opportunity, these people wouldn't be there."
Moriarty said Kalamazoo will have "an outstanding new venue in place" once renovations are complete. They would not say why Rave decided to leave the Kalamazoo market.
"Each operator has its own business decisions they have to make relevant to the circumstances," Moriarty said. "It's operator dependent and it's site dependent. That's a unique business decision you have to make for every location. We obviously feel very strong about the location and its viability."
Doug Willmarth, senior vice president and chief marketing officer for Rave Cinemas, said Monday that Rave's lease is up at the end of November. The theater has the option to close as early as Nov. 25 or could continue to operate until January, they said.
“We'll continue to operate the movie theater and welcome guests until we can't do that anymore,” Willmarth said.
Willmarth said the company has been “trying to work through it and find a better option” than closing the Kalamazoo location.
Kettner said Rave, which operates 62 theaters across the country, is going through "a kind of corporate restructuring."
The L.A. Times reported in October that Columbus, Ga.-based Carmike Cinemas would buy 16 theaters from Rave, including locations in Alabama, Florida, Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Texas.
Emily Monacelli is a local government reporter for the Kalamazoo Gazette. Contact them at emonacel@mlive.com. Follow them on Twitter.
MLive/Kalamazoo Gazette reporter John Liberty contributed to this report.
For further information contact :
thenewagehascome@gmail.com
Since 2008 the Norwegian State has been attacking SOS Racism and its leading members with false charges of fraud. Many Norwegian youth organisations which receive state funding Many Norwegian youth organisations which receive state funding the Labour Party Youth, the Catholic Youth have had problems following audits but none were politicised like the attack on SOS Racism in the Norwegian Media.The lead instigator for the Norwegian investigation against SOS Racism is Einar Endresen of the anti immigrant racist Norwegian Progress Party and an hysterical media campaign has been whipped up against SOS Racism in NorwayThe attack on SOS Racism and in particular of Tjen Folket is attempt by the neo liberal Norwegian State to destroy the anti racist democratic princples of the Norwegian Anti Nazis Resistance so clearing embodied in SOS Racism activities with its support of vunerable refugee's especially now from Syria and its opposition to Islamophobia.The placing of Kjell Gunnar Larsen, Trond Torbjorsen, Henrik Ormasen, Kenneth Fuglemsmo, Jan Erik Skretteberg, Bjarne Stokke and Anne Elizabeth Hansen on trial is putting the Norwegian neo-liberal state on trial and we are telling the whole world about this persecution of anti-racists.Hendene vekk fra våre norske brødre og søstre i SOS RasismeSiden 2008 har den norske staten har vært å angrepet SOS Rasisme og deres ledende medlemmer med falske anklager om bedrageri. Mange norske organisasjoner som mottar statlig finansiering har blitt etterforsket for bedrageri, for eksempel AUF og den katolske kirka, men ingen av disse sakene ble politisert slik som angrepene på SOS Rasisme i norske medier.Lederen for politiets etterforskning mot SOS Rasisme er Einar Endresen, en aktiv tillitsvalgt i det rasistiske norske Fremskrittspartiet, og det er blitt pisket opp en hysterisk mediekampanje mot SOS Rasisme i Norge. Angrepet på SOS Rasisme og i kjølvannet av disse; angrepene mot Tjen Folket, er et forsøk fra den nyliberale norske staten på å knuse de antirasistiske demokratiske prinsippene fra den norske antinazistiske motstandskampen, som så tydelig er legemliggjort av SOS Rasismes aktiviteter. Spesielt i støtten til utsatte flyktninger, spesielt nå fra Syria, og i sin motstand mot muslimhat.Den rettslige forfølgelsen av syv av våre brødre og søstre; Kjell Gunnar Larsen, Trond Thorbjørnsen, Henrik Ormåsen, Kenneth Fuglemsmo, Jan Erik Skretteberg, Bjarne Stokke, Anne Elisabeth Hansen; i begynnelsen av 2016, vil også stille den nyliberale norske staten for retten foran hele verden. Vi sverger at dere ikke vil være i stand til å gjennomføre forfølgelsen av antirasister i Norge i 2016 uten at verden ser dere.Dette vil føre til fordømmelse av Norge fra antirasister og demokrater over hele verden – faktisk vil vi forvandle saken til en sak mot den eksisterende norske nyliberale staten som de virkelige svindlerne, der de later som de har demokratiske, humanitære og antirasistiske verdier, men undergraver dem ved å ødelegge SOS Rasisme.Avslør den norske statens bedrageri og rasisme!Forsvar De sju norske – våre brødre og søstre!Democracy and Class Struggle, London Maoist Study Circle, Revolutionary Praxis
JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesian President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo says police should shoot drug traffickers who resist arrest because of a narcotics crisis facing the country. Presidential spokesperson Johan Budi said Sunday that Jokowi made the comments at a recent meeting of an Indonesian political party.
Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" says police can shoot drug traffickers who resist arrest because of a narcotics crisis facing the country. ( Bullit Marquez / The Associated Press file photo )
“We have to take firm action. If drug dealers who operate in Indonesia fight back when arrested, officers can shoot them, because we are in a narcotics emergency position now,” Jokowi said, according to their spokesperson. Local media reported last week that police shot dead a Taiwanese man for resisting arrest during a seizure of 1 ton of crystal methamphetamine, Indonesia's largest-ever seizure of the drug. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte launched an anti-drug crusade last year in which thousands of alleged drug dealers and users have been killed, often in circumstances akin to lawless summary executions. The crackdown has been condemned by rights groups and governments around the world.
Article Continued Below
Indonesia has tough anti-drug laws and traffickers can receive the death penalty. Four people, one Indonesian and three Nigerians, were executed by firing squad last year, and dozens are on death row for trafficking. Budi said Jokowi's comment is not a shoot to kill order and police actions should be measured and in accordance with the law. It's a message to all Indonesians to show the commitment of the government to fighting narcotics, they said.
Read more about:
Sunday sauce
I have really mixed feelings about posting this because there's an unspoken code in my family regarding recipes. Basically, you never tell anyone the whole truth when it comes to cooking because the best meals are improvised and you couldn't tell it on paper anyway. You have to adjust on the fly, using your senses—your eyes, your nose, your experience, and most importantly your mouth. If it looks and tastes fucked up then it is fucked up. Basically, if you don't know what good food tastes like, you will be throwing darts when you try and cook. This recipe is for your basic “Sunday sauce”, it takes a whole Sunday afternoon to cook it. I'm a proud Italian-American and if I ate macaroni and meatballs 3 times a week I would die fat and happy, but satisfied. When given the choice I will always eat Italian food before anything else. My good friend Jim Woolsey says it the best, “the French talk about food but the Italians know how to eat.” If you've ever been to Italy then you know what I'm talkin' about. Italian/American cooking is it's own thing, different than the food in Italy, but I'm a bastard and I can only tell you what I grew up with. I come from a large Italian family in New Jersey and they all claim that I make the best macaroni and meatballs and I'm gonna show you how to do it right here. This was taught to me by all my relatives but I've added my own tasters along the way; I've cooked this meal one hundred times for my family and it's always what I crave when I'm truly hungry. This is a step-by-step pictorial guide that I made on 12/16/07 for my wife, son, and parents. I cook for my folks and my sisters once a month and it's the most rewarding thing in the world. All the little things I mention here are important for a successful meal, the difference between a great dinner and a passable one, so don't skip the little shit in this tutorial and it will reward you in the end.
Macaroni
Pasta is pasta right? WRONG! I like spaghetti and clams. I don't eat spaghetti with meatballs. I like tortellini Bolognese but I like Rigatoni with Carbonara sauce. Marinara sauce is something that I'll only eat on mussels. I like fusili with garlic and oil. There's a reason that pasta comes in so many shapes, and it's not to accommodate your fork or for your kid to play with. When it comes to the most standard meal (pasta and meatballs) I will only eat macaroni. That's penne rigate or rigatoni by my definition. If I cook spaghetti it's usually with shredded chicken or seafood or (my fave of all) white clam sauce. This is about my regular family Sunday meal though, which from heretofore-unce on will be called macaroni with meatballs. Pencil points we call them.
Time
Time is a bitch, it's really true. You can't make this meal in less than 4 hours. If you do it enough you will learn how to force it in 3 hours, but no less. If you try and tell lies or rush this then it won't taste as good. Good food takes time, and it's not just a cliché. Relax and enjoy the experience, get drunk on wine while you're cooking—it's acceptable when you cook this.
Your ingredients
I'm already tired of typing this. You're gonna fuck this up anyway. You have to go to the supermarket and buy the following:
(this recipe is designed for 7 people so adjust accordingly, freeze the sauce and meatballs you don't eat for another day)
4 lbs of ground beef/veal/pork (if you're lucky enough to have a butcher in your hometown have them grind it from cutlets, if not then buy it in the plastic packs)
some pork chops (bone in)
2 lbs. of penne rigate
1 gigantic yellow onion
1 head of garlic
1 fresh batch of basil
1 batch Fresh parsley
An egg
1 long ring of hot Italian sausage
4 slices of bread ( I use any kind of white bread)
Milk
pecorino/romano cheese (don't skip on this one, buy the best cheese you can get and either grate it or spend extra for the good shit already grated)
extra virgin olive oil
dry white wine (I just use holland house cooking wine, available anywhere)
3 big (29 oz.) cans of tomato sauce (depending on what texture you like—I like regular, already pureed sauce for this recipe)
4 bottles of wine.
A loaf of fresh Italian bread, and get some butter too.
Go Time
Alright. You have a big pile of groceries on the counter. It's 1pm and dinner is at 6. Relax. Pour yourself a glass of red wine and commence drinking. Sharpen your knife, the big one. Dice the big onion into bits. Take 5 cloves of the garlic and dice that too. Chop the basil up, all of it. Put the beef/v/p/ into a big ass bowl and add salt, pepper, a little bit of oregano, ½ cup of the cheese, and one raw egg. Take 4 slices of the white bread and put it into a cereal bowl and fill it with milk. This is key. Bread crumbs are bullshit in meatballs, this is our substitute. This is what will make your meatballs excellent. Sautee ½ of your onion, ½ of your garlic, and one half of the basil in 2 tblsps of oil in a big pan, slowly. I mean really slowly. If you burn the garlic right here then all is lost. Throw the whole meal away and start over. You won't fool anyone if you burn the garlic. Burnt garlic will be the only thing anyone tastes. Be cautious and go slow and low, medium low heat. When the onions are translucent then it's ready, it might take 15 minutes but wait it out. When the onion/garlic/basil mix is finished sautéing, then dump it on the bowl of meat. Squeeze out the milk bread and put the wrung-out milk bread into the meat bowl too. Squeeze the milk bread gently so it relinquishes half of the absorbed milk. Go easy. This is what it'll look like out of focus:
Now it's time to get messy. Grind this shit together through your fingers. Mix and mash it up for 5 minutes, kneading it. Make sure that everything is blended together evenly. When it's all done it will look something like this hopefully:
Now just wash your hands and set this bowl aside for the moment.
The Sauce (gravy, whatever)
Add another 2 tablespoons of olive oil to a large spaghetti pot and sautee the rest of your onions, garlic and basil, again, slow and low. Do not burn the garlic. When the onions are translucent, add the three cans of tomato sauce. For every can that you pour in the pot, go to the sink and fill up half the can with water and dump it in the pot, rinsing out the remaining sauce still in the can. This water is going to cook off over the next 3 hours as you will see. Remember that, 3 cans of tomato sauce, 1 ½ cans of water. Now sprinkle some oregano on the pot of sauce, and add a tablespoon of sugar, stir it a little, and simmer the sauce on medium low heat.
The Meat
Ok here we go. I like to brown my meatballs before putting them in the sauce, it greatly helps the texture and flavor of the end product, but it's more time consuming and messy, but totally worth it. Pour an inch of oil in the bottom of your pan and turn the burner to medium high. Get that oil scorching hot. Shape the meatballs in your hand to whatever size you like, I like larger meatballs. Add them to the scorching hot pan, try and not let them touch one another. If the oil is hot they should brown on each side quickly. We are not trying to cook them here, it's okay if they're still undercooked in the middle, they will be cooking in the sauce for three hours. When each side is browned, remove the meatballs to some paper towels and add the next batch to your pan. I usually have to do this 4 times, 4 batches of meatballs. When you're done, add your browned meatballs to the sauce.
Pork chops
I always throw a couple of (bone in) pork chops in my Sunday sauce, they add a ton of flavor and they completely fall apart while cooking in the tomato sauce. Anyway, using the same oil you used for the meatballs, brown your pork chops, remove them from the pan and pat some of the oil off with a paper towel and then add them to the tomato sauce too. After this, cook the sausage and repeat the previous, add the sausage into the sauce.
Sausage
My father loves hot Italian sausage so I usually add a few pieces in there for them too. It too helps the flavor of the sauce.
Deglazing the pan
By now the bottom of your pan is filled with little bits of meatball, pork chop, sausage, onions, etc. put the empty oily pan back onto medium high heat and pour in some wine, enough to cover the bottom and then a little more. Smoke will come billowing out and all of the pieces that were stuck to the bottom will come off. Simmer this for a couple of minutes until the alcohol cooks off, you will be able to smell this. Now pour the brownish wine gravy into your sauce and stir it in.
This is after 2 and a half hours of simmering, the pork chop has completely fallen off the bone and dinner is almost ready.
The hard work is now over. You are going to let your sauce simmer on low heat for the next three hours. Clean up the mess that you've created and get ready for the final phase. Over the next three hours your sauce is going to relinquish a lot of fat and oil, like tons of it. There is a lot of debate over this in my family, I personally skim 90 percent of it off. It is a constant job. Some people believe in stirring it back in for flavor. You will see what I mean. Like I said, I leave some and stir it back in, but not a whole lot.
This is what it will look like. Get the table ready and put out the wine and whatever else your guests like. We tend to eat simple, but tasteful meals. I usually put out a bunch of fruit and berries and olives and cheese.
Dinnertime
Cook your pasta until it is al-dente, about 11 or 12 minutes. When it's finished, drain it in a colander and then transfer it to a big serving plate. A large plate is better than a bowl for this. Grab a fistful of cheese and cover the pasta with it and then toss it a little, this will help the sauce adhere to the pasta. Now start spooning the tomato sauce over the pasta, stirring it in, covering the pasta. Don't put too much sauce on it yet, let your guests decide how much they want, I just cover it enough to use as a starting point.
I like to put some meat around the outer ring of the serving plate, but take the whole pot of sauce and meat and put that on the table too. Let people decide how much sauce they like and let them handpick what meatballs, sausage, pork they want. Last but not least, sprinkle the dish with parsley and a little more cheese for presentation. You made it.
This is what it should look like and it's time to eat and drink! Make sure the cheese is on the table. MANGIA!
Mom and dad throwing down.
My beautiful wife, Ellen.
Trump, on CNN (re: Cruz): "I guess the bromance is over." — Josh Kraushaar (@HotlineJosh) January 15, 2016
In spin room, Trump slams Cruz on NY values, repeats (bogus) birther claims vs. Cruz & comes after Cruz on (mostly bogus) loan issue. — Guy Benson (@guypbenson) January 15, 2016
Swiss Army Man is more than just a symphony of farts and boners — there's quite a gorgeous score to go along with. To accompany the limited opening of the film, the full OST has now been released to stream. The directorial debut of duo Daniels, the film follows Hank, a stranded man down on their luck (Paul Dano) who finds solace and maybe even a way home in the form of a talking corpse named Manny (Daniel Radcliffe). Due to the inherent isolation and lunacy of the conceit, Daniels' wanted the entire score to be taking place in Hank and Manny's heads — songs they'd create themselves — with no real instruments utilized (with a few notably poignant exceptions).
To make this bold choice work, Daniels turned to Georgia indie rock sensation Manchester Orchestra, with whom they'd collaborated on their music video, “Simple Math.” Lead singer Andy Hull took to the idea like fish to water, or rather, like a man-ridden corpse to water. With the help of lead guitarist Robert McDowell, the duo grabbed the concept and ran: “It was the craziest story I had ever read and I knew that only these two insanely talented individuals could pull off something this ambitious,” Hull wrote on the band's official Facebook page. “I immediately wrote and recorded a song with Robert and sent it to them. I guess we did something right because that was when this 13-month-process of scoring our first movie began.”
Some songs had to be recorded before the film was shot, as actors Dano and Radcliffe had to sing along, namely to “Montage,” which has been bouncing around as a single for the past few months. The entire process took about a year's worth of work, and the result is a dreamlike, dynamic musical journey that is in turns melancholic and uplifting in equal measures. In the words of Hull himself, “It was and is surreal. The end result is at times really trippy and lonely.” Borrowing the main melody of Jurassic Park at once instance, the score meshes the familiar and uncanny to create something wholly unique.
It is an extremely ambitious undertaking, demonstrating the dynamic range of Hull's vocals as well as their mind, and it's some of Hull and co.'s best work. “There are also songs that have over 100 voices singing and sound outside of anything I thought we would be able to create,” Hull summarizes. “What we aimed for was something really beautiful that can evoke emotions without having to always use lyrics or any traditional instrumentation. It's an up and down journey that parallels the travels and conversations of these two characters. It was easily one of the greatest experiences of our lives. It really pushed and stretched us to think outside of the box and outside of our comfort zone.”
Along with streaming the entire 24-track album below, read more on the band's creative process , our review of the film, and watch all of Daniels' previous work. We've also included a batch of featurettes, including one about the score.
Swiss Army Man is out now in NY & LA, with a nation-wide release July 1st.
Noted Evangelical author Rick Warren said, in a recent article in The Christian Post:
Use Easter to Break a Growth Barrier Every church hits a wall in growth, that attendance barrier your church can't seem to get past. Maybe it's 50, 100, 1,000, or 10,000. It doesn't matter. One of the best chances you'll have all year to pass that barrier is at Easter. . . . Leverage the day. Make sure you're putting your best foot forward that weekend. Promote Easter as much as possible and then make sure you're ready for the people when they come. Also, give people something for their heart, for their head, and for their hand. Give them inspiring music for their heart. Give them a practical message for their head. And you put something in their hand they can take home. Finally, start a series at Easter. This will encourage your Easter guests to come back the next week because they want to hear what's next in the series. Pick something that connects with your community. You know what they're dealing with. Tell them what the Bible says about it and provide practical help. This Easter can be huge for your church. It can be just what you need to take your church to the next level. Are you ready?
If you read the entire article, you will find that the words, “Christmas, anniversaries, and other celebrations,” are used. Here are some words that are never used in the article: Jesus, Resurrection, Father, Holy Spirit, birth, Incarnation, etc. I could at least understand the recommendation to start a series on Pascha. After all Pascha–called Easter in the West–begins the 50 days that leads to the Ascension and the coming of the promised Holy Spirit. Priests have known for centuries that certain days draw large crowds to the church. They will try to craft special sermons that will reveal the importance of that day and will call the people to be followers of Christ. One only needs to think of Saint John Chrysostom's short and pithy Pascha sermon to see this type of masterful special sermon. A series that led to Pentecost might be appropriate, although the danger is that you forget to celebrate the day for its own sake.
Nevertheless, what is clearly missing in Rick Warren's article is any mention of celebrating the day for the sake of the day. There is no thought in the article to remembering the great day in which Christ arose and confirmed our salvation. The day is not for itself, it is only to be “leveraged” and forced to fit into a different structure than its natural day of celebration. It makes me wonder what they would do with Our Lord's request about the Lord's Supper that we “do this in memory of me.” I suspect that they also leverage the Lord's Supper so that rather than pointing to Jesus, it points to another opportunity to become a member of Saddleback Church.
Rick Warren has done many good things. They have fought abortion. They have been fully pro-life in that they have also made sure to support programs in Africa that help the needy with social services in the name of Christ. They have been involved in trying to break cultural and racial barriers so that there can be an united Christian witness in this country and around the world. Their pro-life stance is one of the most balanced and full ones in this country. It does not simply focus on abortion, but on all the facets of what it means to be pro-life. But, every so often, they seem to get so focused on church growth that they forget their Christology altogether. This appears to be one of those times.
Meanwhile, the Church Fathers clearly celebrated Pascha for the sake of what happened on that day and not as lever to something else. I hope that Rick Warren can get that distinction straight. In the meantime, let me quote to you from the Paschal Liturgy.
It is the day of Resurrection, let us be radiant, O ye peoples: Pascha, the Lord's Pascha; for Christ God hath brought us from death to life, and from earth unto Heaven as we sing the triumphal hymn. . . . It is the day of Resurrection; let us be radiant for the festival, and let us embrace one another. Let us say, O brethren, even to those that hate us: Let us forgive all things on the Resurrection; and thus let us cry: Christ is risen from the dead, by death They have trampled down death, and on those in the tombs They have bestowed life. Christ is risen from the dead, by death They have trampled down death, and on those in the tombs They have bestowed life. Christ is risen from the dead, by death They have trampled down death, and on those in the tombs They have bestowed life.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
The CompuLab Trim-Slice.
Source: CompuLab Now, Intel's Atom also has competition from ARM in the desktop PC arena. Israel's CompuLab has presented the Trim-Slice, a tiny, fanless PC using NVIDIA's Tegra 2 platform. The System-on-Chip (SoC) has two ARM Cortex-A9 CPU cores with clock rates up to 1 GHz, offering roughly the same computing power as an Intel Atom. But the multimedia equipment is even better. Two HDMI ports are provided, and Tegra 2 also includes an HD video accelerator.
The Trim-Slice reportedly only consumes an average of 3 watts at 8 to 16 volts. 1 GB of RAM (DDR2-800, but probably running at 333 MHz) is on board. Up to 64 GB of SATA-SSD can reportedly be used, but CompuLab has not announced the size – mSATA or 1.8 inches is likely. In addition, two SDHC-compatible card readers are available in the standard and micro formats. Four USB ports are available for periphery devices along with a gigabit ethernet adapter (10/100/1000) and a wireless module (WLAN 802.11n and Bluetooth).
The Trim-Slice features HDMI 1.3 full-HD output.
Source: CompuLab CompuLab has not said which operating system is used, though it does say it is open source. The Trim-Slice will reportedly also serve as an open platform for software developers and at a later date, CompuLab plans to provide complete operating systems. Linux distributions are already available for other Tegra 2 devices, such as those shipped with Android. For instance, Ubuntu 10.10 is now used in the Toshiba AC100, which sells for around £224. Admittedly, the alternative operating system still has its driver problems. Audio output does not work out of the box, and there are no drivers for GeForce Go's HD video and 3D acceleration. The issue is currently being discussed in NVIDIA's Tegra developer forum.
CompuLab does not plan to begin taking orders for the Trim-Slice until April and has only given a rough idea of the price, which is to be "cheaper than a tablet". In addition to components for embedded systems, the Israeli firm also manufactures a number of mini-PCs, such as the Fit-PC2 with Atom Z500 series CPU and the Fit-PC3 with an AMD-APU.
See also:
Toshiba AC100 smartbook runs Android 2.1, a report from The H.
(crve)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY - Some "suspicious activity" at an Oklahoma City truck stop led Canadian County deputies to one of the largest drug busts in the country.
Canadian County sheriff's deputies found just more than 40 pounds of meth, worth about $2.3 million, in an SUV a semi truck was hauling Friday.
Chris West with the Canadian County Sheriff's Department said, "They've changed their M.O. a little bit from individual vehicles; they try to get into commercial motor vehicles to semis."
West said it could be to try to throw off law enforcement.
It wasn't the semi truck that tipped off authorities, it was a complicated story that law enforcement didn't make much sense.
Deputies started talking to the driver of the large load.
They told authorities they were hauling the white SUV which was registered in Colorado, picked up in Los Angeles and was on the way to Missouri.
The deputies asked to search the car in question and the semi driver agreed.
"Sure enough in the back of it there was a false compartment underneath the rear portion and there were 15 bundles of methamphetamine," West said. "It was basically 1.3 kilos per bundle."
Officials said they don't believe the driver knew what they were hauling.
They agreed to work with deputies and led them to a house in Missouri where they found more meth, guns and a substantial amount of cash.
There they arrested six people they said they believe are behind the drug operation.
Those suspects are now facing multiple charges including Trafficking Narcotics, Conspiracy to Traffic Narcotics, Money Laundering and Weapons-related charges.
Pillar (PLR) is Swiss-based blockchain project with a corresponding token that operates on the Ethereum network. 800 million tokens were created via a crowdsale in July 2017. The Pillar Project as it's known was devised as an antidote to all the blockchain startups creating decentralized apps. The project's objectives include giving individuals sovereignty over their own data. This will be achieved by creating a dashboard complete with an open source wallet by which people can access a digital world of services.
Pillar aims to give individuals access to a universal account, one that they can use as their portal to accessing a wide range of online services. The aim is to replace apps with services, instead of forcing users to install dozens of apps from different companies. Pillar raised over 113,000 ether in its ICO and issued over 227 million tokens.
Hockey's preseason claimed another victim on Wednesday when the New York Rangers' Derek Stepan suffered a broken fibula during the team's on-ice conditioning test. For a Rangers team that was playing for a Stanley Cup just three months ago, the outlook is much gloomier now, since New York just got thinner at its absolute thinnest and most dire position.
The Rangers' center depth was such a concern this summer that there was talk the team could mortgage the farm system to bring on a big-name center like Joe Thornton or Jason Spezza. The latter moved to Dallas, and the former will surely here their name kicked around again as a potential piece to bring to Broadway in Stepan's absence.
A lack of proven NHL centermen
Without Stepan, Derick Brassard remains the only center on the roster who's put up anything close to top-end production, posting 45 points last year while skating on the team's third line. They were already set to see an increase in responsibilities this season on a new contract, but how they would respond to that promotion, and how they might possibly respond to being tasked as the team's No. 1 center, is very unknown.
Outside of Brassard, Dominic Moore represents the other experienced guy down the middle for the Rangers, but they are suited more for a bottom six, preferable fourth-line role. It's difficult to envision Alain Vigneault and Co. thrusting them higher on the depth chart
If the Rangers forge ahead with the group they have, the inexperience will be on display. J.T. Miller, who has looked rather impressive during the Rangers' preseason preparations, is and has been a logical candidate to claim a spot in the middle. But Miller was being pegged as a third-line center, and they have deficiencies playing in their own zone. The 21-year-old former first round pick has been dominant in the AHL, but has yet to make the transition at the NHL level. Asking them to expedite that transition process, and perhaps do so in an expanded role, will be a tall task.
This injury does open the door for Kevin Hayes, the highly touted free agent out of Boston College whom the Rangers lured to New York in August. But Hayes, like Miller, lacks the NHL experience -- in fact, Hayes has never played a single professional game that wasn't an exhibition. More accountable in their own zone than Miller, Hayes looked to be in the "getting their feet wet" phase during their preseason debut against New Jersey on Monday night. Again, the team may ask them to accelerate their development, while all of this adds up to many question marks and many bad omens.
Stepan was not only the motor and the maestro on the Rangers' top line between Rick Nash and Chris Kreider, but they were a player who saw time in all three phases of the game. The Rangers' penalty kill, which has been a strength of the team over the past few seasons, was already facing losses with Anton Stralman, Brian Boyle and Ryan Callahan all playing in Tampa Bay, and will now go without Stepan as well.
Will this force a trade?
The puck is officially in Glen Sather's court. The general manager will have to decide whether the Rangers paper mâché their way through the early part of the season and make do until Stepan is healthy enough to return -- which, at best, seems like it'll be until November -- or if they go out and find another center.
This was a team already thin at the center position even with a healthy Stepan. The Rangers were absolutely outclassed by the Kings in the Cup Final last year down the middle, but Sather and the team sat on their hands, buying out Brad Richards and not really bringing anything aboard in the way of an experienced center.
That inactivity will now bite them, because should the Rangers even try to pursue a trade, they'll have no leverage in any negotiations. This is a team desperately in need of help down the middle, and that's not exactly an unknown fact.
Then again, this is a team that was pretty mediocre-to-bad through the first portion of last season under Vigneault. The Rangers didn't click under their then-first-year head coach until around Christmas. It's entirely possible, having just experienced that, they will bank on a similar late-season push this year.
A 12-year-old girl had the lesson of a lifetime this week when they got to not only attend the birth of their baby brother but also deliver him. And now, says Jacee Dellapena, she's ready to catch thousands more babies, and they have their sights set on a career doing just that.
Photo: Facebook/Nikki Smith More
Just 18 months ago, Jacee, of Jackson, Miss., had asked their mom and stepfather, Dede and Zack Carraway, if they could be in the delivery room for the birth of their son Zadyn. At the time, the couple worried that they were still a bit too young for the experience.
Since then, though, Jacee has been “learning about animals mating and the human body, and she's starting to be a teenager now,” Dede tells Yahoo Beauty. And so when it came to the birth of their second son, they recall Jacee saying, “I want to be in that delivery room, Mama!” But, Dede admits, “we thought they would just visit and get a glance.”
So how did Jacee wind up catching their baby brother?
Dede explains that when they started pushing and their obstetrician, Dr. Walter Wolfe, entered the delivery room, they and Zack assumed that it was time for Jacee to make their exit. But, Dede says, “she started crying and said, ‘No, I want to see!'” adding that that was when Wolfe told the girl, “OK, just suit up and deliver the baby.”
Dede says that they remember shouting, “No!” the second they heard their doctor say that, but they assured them that they had an easy delivery ahead of them and that they would be at Jacee's side, coaching them along at each step in the process.
“And so they suited up and did it,” Dede says proudly.
Jacee tells Yahoo Beauty that they simply wanted to be present at the birth because they thought “it would be a really great experience for me. I thought it would be interesting because I had learned about [birth] and read about it, but I thought it would be so cool to see my baby brother born.”
Still, when they heard the doctor tell them to suit up, they say, their initial reaction was, “What?  They are crazy!  They are just playing with me!” But the “serious look on their face” told them that they were absolutely serious — and so, as a result, they were too.
“I got all geared up, and delivering my baby brother was pretty cool,” Jacee says. “And not many kids get to do this. I had a lot of emotions running through my head.”
Dede says that watching their first-born child assist with the birth of their newborn left them “seized with emotion. I was just crying. It was something I will never forget, and it will be something that [Jacee] and their stepdad and I will always share. It was just an overwhelming feeling.”
The family shared a photo on Facebook of Jacee at the moment their brother was born, and it clearly shows the girl's overwhelming awe and joy .
Family friend Nikki Smith shared even more images of the experience on Facebook, and they have subsequently gone viral, being shared more than 175,000 times.
And with more than 17,000 comments on the post, commenters are mainly sharing extreme admiration for this remarkable girl.
“My god she's absolutely amazing,” wrote one commenter. “All the emotions all over their face. Absolutely beautiful moment. If I'm lucky enough to have another baby when my girls are this age I would love to include them in the delivery. Such a brave girl you've got there.”
Another person wrote that seeing the photos of Jacee delivering their brother “brought tears to my eyes,” while yet one more shared, “I see [a] future doctor or midwife!”
While Jacee might be one of the rare 12-year-olds to have caught a newborn baby, siblings in delivery rooms and at home births are becoming much more commonplace. (Still, hospitals may have different policies regarding who can attend births.)
Jacee says that what surprised them the most about the birth was “how they got the baby to come out. I thought it just came out and popped out, but you really have to do a lot of work and push down, and it's really weird and complicated.”
They also note that their experience has led them to believe that childbirth isn't “scary” but “interesting.” And not only that but, they add, “I want to be an ob-gyn. I'm going to work hard and study and find my way there.”
Read more on Yahoo Beauty + Style:
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day. For Twitter updates, follow @YahooStyle and @YahooBeauty.
Chairwoman Murray, Ranking Member Sessions, and members of the Committee: Thank you for the invitation to discuss income inequality and today's economy. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.
Nearly five years after the end of the Great Recession, the labor market today is still far from full recovery. At just 58.8 percent, the share of the working-age population with employment is still below what it was in 2009. Inadequate growth is at the heart of this poor recovery. We have, in fact, been very fortunate to get a relatively modest level of job creation given the fact that the economy has grown at an average annual rate of just 1.6 percent over the past three years.
The problem of this inadequate job growth for everyone in America can be explained as follows:
We have seen an unprecedented disengagement from the labor force since the end of the recession. Last year, labor force participation was at its lowest level in 35 years. This is, I believe, the biggest ongoing economic challenge that we face today.
Unless we stop this trend and begin to bring back the millions of Americans who are no longer in the labor force, we will have permanently lower economic growth, slower income growth, and rising income inequality.
In order to assist American families to escape poverty, we must focus on policies that support employment by encouraging economic growth, lowering the cost of hiring for employers, and increasing incentives to re-enter the labor force.
Labor Force Disengagement
The adverse effects of joblessness are real for American families. It is well established that individuals experiencing job loss have large and persistent earnings losses for years afterwards. Recent estimates find that, on average, lower earnings will continue for nearly 20 years. Further, the impact on the long-term jobless is even more severe and millions of jobless today stand the real risk of never returning to the labor force.Since the beginning of the recession, participation in the labor force has fallen to just 63 percent. This is the equivalent of a withdrawal of nearly 7.5 million people. While some of this decline was expected and is due to an aging population, most was not. In 2013, labor force participation was at a 20-year low or longer for every age range between 20 and 54 years old. (See figure 1.) Fully eliminating the effect of our aging baby boomers reaching retirement, I estimate that the labor force is currently short over 4.5 million people.
This unprecedented disengagement from the labor force has serious implications for the economy. Using CBO's methodology, this 4.5 million-person shortfall in the labor force last year alone was equivalent to a $500 billion shortfall in potential national income. This is a 3.0 percent loss of income for American families.
The problem of disengagement from the labor force needs urgent attention. It has always been true that the longer an individual is out of the labor force, the less likely they are to return to employment. With four million long-term unemployed and likely millions more long-term jobless, this disengagement may already be permanently effecting our labor force, and we could have a permanently smaller workforce. This, I believe, is the biggest threat to improving income inequality in the United States.
Employment and Poverty
Despite the end of the recession in 2009 and a dramatic increase in government spending on means-tested programs, there were still a record 46 million people living in poverty in 2012. Federal spending alone on these programs was $750 billion in FY 2011, up over 30 percent from FY 2008. Lack of employment is the primary cause of this poverty. Most of those aged 18 to 64 years old who were in poverty didn't have as much as a single week of employment in 2012. Only about 11 percent had full-time employment.
Government spending does not move people out of poverty—jobs do. We have never had a decline in the poverty rate that wasn't associated with a rise in the rate of employment. Since the late 1990s, employment appears to be the only thing that reliably reduces poverty. (See figure 2.)
We should focus on jobs if our goal is to have a significant impact on income inequality in the United States in the near term. We should be encouraging hiring by helping to lower the cost of hiring to firms. Similarly, we should be encouraging disengaged workers to re-enter the labor force. Policies that either raise the cost of hiring or reduce the incentive for work are counterproductive. They often can even contribute to income inequality by contributing to disengagement from the labor force.
For example, the proposal to raise the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour may have the perverse and unintended effect of increasing income inequality in the United States. It is, of course, a laudable goal to see wages increase, particularly for those who could benefit the most from the raise. However, forcing employers to pay more to low-skilled workers could mean job losses for a group that is already having trouble finding work and fewer hours for a sector of the labor market that mainly works part-time.
No matter what you've heard about the effects of raising the federal minimum wage, there is a significant amount of economic research that finds raising the minimum wage only benefits some workers at the expense of jobs for others—particularly the least skilled and experienced workers. The current proposal represents a huge, 39 percent increase in hourly wage cost of hiring for many. Common sense dictates that raising the cost of hiring the least skilled workers will force employers to look to substitutes like higher skilled workers or rapidly advancing technology.
In 2013, there were 8.8 million people making between $7.25 and $8.25 an hour. I'll call these the “near-minimum-wage” earners. These are the least experienced and least skilled of our workforce. Most are under the age of 25 and have no more than a high school diploma. The biggest economic problem for this group is securing employment of any type. Less than half are even in the labor force, and for those that are, the unemployment rate is 21.7 percent—well over three times the national average.
The Congressional Budget Office also recognizes that raising the minimum wage would only benefit some workers at the expense of jobs for others. They estimated that half a million people will lose their jobs as a result of increasing the minimum wage to $10.10. These “near-minimum-wage” earners would be the ones paying the price of job loss because we raised their cost of hiring by nearly 40 percent.
Another example of a policy that will contribute to our problem of disengagement from the labor force is the Affordable Care Act. CBO's recent finding that the Affordable Care Act will significantly reduce the incentive to work by the equivalent of more than 2 million full-time workers in just a few years is deeply concerning.
More generally, raising the regulatory burden for companies while we have a struggling labor market is counterproductive. While new regulations may be important, they raise the cost of production and therefore the cost of hiring production workers. Many of these workers have below-average wages to begin with, and in a bad labor market, job loss is much costlier for affected families.
Raising the rate of labor force participation needs to be a central focus of federal policymakers, in order to strengthen our economy and raise the prospects of low-income Americans. To do this, we need to make it easier, not harder, for companies to increase hiring. We also need to encourage individuals to re-enter the labor force, not discourage them. Government assistance for the jobless is important, but the re-employment of the jobless is what we need to reduce poverty and lower income inequality.
NEW DELHI: India, which blacklisted Cyprus in 2013 for not sharing tax information under the treaty, is in dialogue with the island nation to resolve the issue, a top finance ministry official said today."It's not only exchange of information but it is also the quality of exchange of information and how they are operating internationally on their behaviour on exchange on information. The dialogue is on with Cyprus," Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) Chairperson Anita Kapur told reporters here.India blacklisted Cyprus in 2013 for not sharing tax information. The Finance Ministry classified the island nation as a notified jurisdictional area on grounds that Cyprus was not providing information requested by tax authorities under the taxation treaty.Following the notification, all payments made to Cyprus attracted a 30 per cent withholding tax and Indian entities receiving money from there were required to disclose the source of funds.The notification also meant that 'no deduction in respect of any other expenditure or allowance arising from the transaction with a person located in Cyprus shall be allowed unless the assessee maintains and furnishes the prescribed information'.It had also added that if "any sum is received from a person located in Cyprus, then the onus is on the assessee to satisfactorily explain the source of such money in the hands of such person or in the hands of the beneficial owner, and in case of their failure to do so, the amount shall be deemed to be the income of the assessee".India and Cyprus had entered into an agreement for avoidance of double taxation of income and prevention of fiscal evasion in December 1994.Under the agreement, both countries have a legal obligation to exchange such information.In Budget of 2011--12, the Finance Ministry had inserted a clause Section 94A in the Income Tax Act to notify and guard against countries that do not cooperate in the exchange of information protocol.On long pending revision of Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty (DTAT) with Mauritius, Kapur said, "We will have another round of talks with Mauritius shortly. Dates are not finalised yet."
COPS are hunting down a knifeman who stabbed a man to death and injured another in Germany.
Reports suggest a large-scale manhunt is under way following the killing in Wuppertal-Elberfeld. The knifeman is said to be inside a building as police close in with images showing officers in a street. Cops are conducting systematic searches in neighbouring buildings as they attempt to catch the killer.
The van who ploughed into the crowd, killing at least 13 people and injuring around 100 others is towed away from Las Ramblas in Barcelona Policemen accompany an elderly woman near a cordoned off area A police officer asks people to move back near a cordoned off area A police officer accompanies clients of a store outside a cordoned off area Policemen check the identity of people standing with their hands up People wait in a bar as security operations continue Waiters remove a piece of furniture from a terrace Armed policecen stand in a cordoned off area An armed police officer stands behind a tree in a cordoned off area Paramedics are seen near to the scene of the attack Ambulances at the scene of the terrorist attack Mossos d'Esquadra Police officers attend casualties Injured people react after a van crashed into pedestrians in Las Ramblas, downtown Barcelona Injured people react after a van crashed into pedestrians in Las Ramblas, downtown Barcelona ossos d'Esquadra Police officers and emergency service workers set up a security perimeter Mossos d'Esquadra Police officers and emergency service workers move an injured man Forensic police officers search for clues Armed Catalonian Mosses de Escuadra officers leave the area where a van crashed into pedestrians at Las Ramblas Forensic police officers search for clues near the area where a van crashed into pedestrians at Las Ramblas A police officer stands by a cordoned off street after a van crashed into pedestrians near the Las Ramblas avenue in central Barcelona Armed police officers patrol an empty street Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Detritus from the attack lies on the floor Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds Las Ramblas after a vehicle mounted the pavement and drove towards crowds
Advertisement
German reports suggest the stabbing took place close to a hair salon. The dead victim is believed to have been 31 and the other person hurt aged 25. It is unclear if the incident is terror-related at this stage. Local police said in a statement on Twitter: "In Elberfeld it was a homicide. A dead man, a wounded man. Perpetrators continue volatile."
Advertisement
German reports suggest the fatality occured at around 2.45pm this afternoon. It comes after a knifeman stabbed eight people leaving two dead in Finland earlier today. And on Thursday Barcelona was rocked by a terror attack when a van ploughed into crowds of people killing 14 and leaving over 100 injured.
CCTV footage of a man being assaulted in Fortitude Valley on Wednesday night. One man already charged over the fight was denied bail on Thursday morning, with a magistrate noting their "serious violent history". Corey Glen Schumann, 21, was charged with assault occasioning bodily harm following a fight between two groups about 2am Thursday morning, just one street over from where Cole Miller was struck on January 3. Confronting CCTV footage released by police allegedly shows them knocking the teenager to the ground with a single punch after first holding them in a headlock while another man punched the 18-year-old seven times in the head and upper body. The younger man stumbles backwards before managing to put their hands out just before hitting the ground to break theirs fall.
Police are looking for a second man after a teen was assaulted in Fortitude Valley. Police said a verbal altercation became physical and the younger man stepped in to try to break it up. The police prosecutor told the court Mr Schumann then struck the victim with a "king hit to the head", knocking them out. A teenager was hospitalised after a fight at a Fortitude Valley cab rank on Wednesday night. Credit:File The duty lawyer representing Mr Schumann said the young man might later raise the defence of provocation.
But Magistrate John Costello noted the 21-year-old had a "serious violent history" and had previously failed to appear in court on six occasions. Cole Miller. Credit:Facebook They were refused bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Thursday morning. Police said the 18-year-old victim was "going in and out of consciousness" and suffering convulsions as they were taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. They used CCTV to track down the accused in a nearby street.
As Mr Schumann was applying for bail, Acting Superintendent Peter Aitken was appealing to the public to help detectives find a second man, with long dark hair and an olive complexion, wearing a black T-shirt and dark coloured jeans. They were accused of punching the victim several times in the face while Mr Schumann held them in the headlock. Acting Superintendent Aitken couldn't say how many people were involved in the fight but said investigators were looking through CCTV footage. The fight started at a cab rank at the Ann Street end of Fortitude Valley mall, less than 24 hours after family and friends farewelled Cole Miller, another victim of late-night violence. Mr Miller died on January 4 after an alleged coward punch attack in the early hours of January 3.
But Acting Superintendent Aitken stressed the two incidents were very different. The 18-year-old had been released from hospital on Thursday morning. "The victim Is very lucky," they said. "The injuries they have suffered are only very minor. Having said that, any assault on any person, is very serious." The North Brisbane District Crime and Support Services officer said the Valley was policed "very very well" and warned revellers violence of any type was "totally unacceptable".
- with AAP Stay informed. Like the Brisbane Times Facebook page
Pin +1 Share 1K Shares
The Trump rape lawsuit which has been debunked multiple times has officially been dismissed. Earlier this week there was a fake press conference where the pretend victim was supposed to speak to the press, but never showed up.
This was a last ditch effort by the Democrat machine to tarnish Trump for the election and it failed.
From Politico:
A woman who accused Donald Trump of repeatedly raping them two decades ago when they were a 13-year-old aspiring teen model has again dropped a federal lawsuit over the alleged assaults. The accuser, identified in the lawsuit by the pseudonym “Jane Doe,” was expected to appear at a news conference in Los Angeles Wednesday, but that appearance was abruptly canceled. Through their attorney, Trump had flatly denied the woman's allegations. “It is categorically untrue. It is completely frivolous. It is baseless. It is irresponsible,” Trump attorney Alan Garten told POLITICO in September. “I won't even discuss the merits because it gives it credibility that it doesn't deserve.” Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-dropped-230770#ixzz4P5Xfy8uw
Comments
Google Cardboard is the most affordable VR headset around. Made literally out of cardboard, simply insert a smartphone and Google will take you halfway around the world or to a museum. But the company is starting to get serious about virtual reality. Cardboard is convenient from the perspective of cost and usability, but is lacking in processing power, a method of interacting within the virtual world (save for one button on the side) or even an option to strap the headset to your head like competing VR helmets. But that may soon change. Google's Clay Bavor is leading the search company's virtual reality efforts. While the VR team remains tight-lipped about the mythical all-in-one, PC-free virtual reality headset that doesn't require you put a phone inside, Bavor did open up about what Google is prioritizing in a possible follow-up product. One thing is certain: virtual reality is something the company is taking seriously.
Popular Science: Most uses for virtual reality currently lie within gaming. But Google isn't a gaming company. Why invest in VR? Clay Bavor: Google has always cared about information. If you look back at our founding mission, it's to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible. Information is the written word and printed word. But images are also information. It's a lot easier to understand what a tiger looks like by looking at a photo or a video. In fact one of the more popular categories on YouTube is instructional videos, where people walk you through doing complex stuff: changing parts in a toilet, fixing a spark plug in an engine, etc. But I think experience, in many cases, is the richest form of information. There's a reason that people like meeting in person. There's a world of difference between reading a description of walking the streets of Paris, watching a video of Paris and actually visiting Paris. In my mind VR enables people to more directly experience things and have much greater access to that type of information. So for me it fits very naturally with what Google has always been about. Which is information and giving people access to that information. You guys technically have a VR headset out there already. Where is Google Cardboard headed? CB: We've learned so much with Cardboard. We're not quite ready to speak about that but it's taught us the importance of it being mobile. You don't need to go somewhere in order to experience VR, instead you can bring it with you. I think another important part of it is how approachable it is. People understand it, it's not scary, it's easily understood. Then finally there's this kind of delight in it, there's this magic in it that you use this thing you already have—your smartphone—that you thought could only be a telephone, a web browser, something you get email on. And it turns it into something else entirely—a movie theater in your bag, something of a teleporter to take you places, a portable arcade. So we want to embrace many of the things we think Cardboard got right: mobility, comfort, approachability, low cost. But then of course, the smartphones that Cardboard makes use of, were meant to be first and foremost smartphones. They weren't designed with virtual reality in mind, and Cardboard of course is just cardboard. And so I think that if you're more intentional in designing phones, designing software and go beyond Cardboard you can do something pretty magical that is even higher quality, higher performance and so on. But while maintaining many of the attributes that make Cardboard so powerful and appealing. So you're emphasizing mobility, comfort and ease of use. Anything else? CB: One of the other things that limits Cardboard at this point is, there is one button. Virtual reality is so rich in how you can be immersed in it. But you also want to be able to interact with those elements more richly. So that's something that I've been thinking a lot about. It's a challenging problem, to do it in a way that any person can immediately get comfortable and familiar with—yet do it in a way that is still expressive. And we can do a variety of things with it. And so that's one of the things we've been trying to balance and that we're pretty excited about.
Google's Clay Bavor Google
How does VR tie into Android and the company's larger mission? CB: What's so exciting about Android is you have many different companies, developers and manufacturers, using it in different ways and exploring all of these different spaces. And just as we did with Cardboard and Android, one of the things we hope to do is enable an entire ecosystem to explore. Will Google's investment in Magic Leap, which creates augmented reality, affect its VR efforts? CB: It is just an investment, so they're a separate company. But we love what they're doing, were excited about augmented reality and we think they're a great team and amazing company. Our efforts at Google really are focused on virtual reality and, in particular, virtual reality as it grows out from some of the insights of Cardboard. Mobile, making good use of smartphones and really leaning into that.
We want to embrace the things we think Cardboard got right: mobility, comfort, approachability, low cost.
So no chance we'll see AR from Google? CB: Google works on many things and “never” is a long time. Right now our focus is very much on virtual reality and I think that's reflected in how much we've done around Cardboard. All of the work we've done in our applications, YouTube VR as an example, or Spotlight Stories—another project from Google, ported to virtual reality. And then our efforts around things like Jump, where we partner with GoPro to capture high quality VR video. Enabling VR video capture, and even purpose built VR applications. For example, Expeditions: which is a tool for teams that enables them to take their classes on field trips to anywhere. Kind of a field trip in a box that uses Cardboard, a tablet and synchronizes all 30 of the Cardboards so that a class can go somewhere together. So that's really our focus.
360-degree videos let you pan around the scene of a footage as it plays. Viewing said video in virtual reality like Google's Cardboard and other headsets let you move your head to look around. Games in VR are amazing, even this early in virtual reality's lifecycle. What is the killer app for non-gaming VR? CB: I don't think there will be “a” killer use case for VR. There will be many. Just as there have been many killer applications for computers, for smartphones, virtual reality in time will become just a general computing device that will enable you to do many things. From interactive entertainment and gaming to working on a plane. Imagine putting on your goggles, and having the largest monitor you've ever worked on in front of you, unroll your keyboard with the view of Hawaii or Yosemite instead of seat 57H. In the near term though, I think we already have line of sight to some pretty powerful applications. And I think one of the most compelling there is visiting places on earth that would otherwise be too far, too expensive or too scarce to visit yourself. And as I think about it, everyone has a musician they wish they could hang out with on stage. Everyone has a sports team that they would love to have a courtside seat to watch that game. Everyone has a place, and it could be home or be on the other side of the earth, that they'd love to visit that they can't because today you need to hop on a plane for 12 hours and or spend a bunch of money. And we already are on the verge to having the technology to capture—the cameras and microphone and so on needed—to capture the environment and experience and then digitize it and then using a virtual reality viewer to recreate it for as many people that would like to participate in it. So even though I never saw Prince live, I could catch them in VR? CB: Well, it's a bit sad but that's actually a really good point. Which is, if we had started recording Prince's concerts in virtual reality a few years ago, you would be able to go to a Prince concert and feel as if you were actually there. We missed the window with them but I hope we don't miss the window on a thousand other artists musicians, beautiful places, events, moments in history and so on.
Bavor is taking what Google has learned from Cardboard to bolster the company's next VR product Xavier Harding
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — A mystery super PAC backing Democrat Doug Jones in Alabama is controlled by a pair of groups closely aligned with the national Democratic Party, even as the candidate strives to dissociate themselves from Washington interests.
Highway 31, which dropped more than $4.1 million in support of Jones and against Roy Moore ahead of Tuesday's Senate special election, is a joint project of two of the largest national Democratic super PACs — Senate Majority PAC and Priorities USA Action — along with a group of Alabama Democrats, multiple senior officials familiar with the arrangement told POLITICO.
Story Continued Below
. .
Highway 31 was created in November, Federal Election Commission filings show. Though Birmingham lawyer Edward Still is listed as the group's treasurer, it was, in fact, founded jointly with Senate Majority PAC, the outside group closely tied to Democratic leadership in the Senate. Highway 31 has been funded jointly by Senate Majority PAC and Priorities USA Action, the Democratic super PAC that backed Barack Obama in 2012 and Hillary Clinton in 2016, the Democrats briefed on the arrangement told POLITICO.
Still did not respond to a request for comment, and spokespersons for Senate Majority and Priorities declined to comment.
"Highway 31 continues to follow every appropriate rule and regulation. The PAC will file contributors per the FEC reporting schedule,” said Adam Muhlendorf, a spokesperson for the group.
The group's backing has remained secret until now because federal laws do not require it to disclose its donors until after the election. Jones' camp has kept its distance from the group, and no information has surfaced until now about its background.
The revelation of the Jones' campaign's benefactors comes after Jones for months has striven to distance themselves from the national Democratic Party. In campaign ads, the former U.S. attorney has insisted that as a senator they would not answer to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.).
Some of Schumer's former aides now help run Senate Majority PAC.
Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox.  Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
President Donald Trump carried Alabama by 28 points last year, and the national Democratic brand is toxic there. Moore and their allies have tried tying Jones to Schumer and other Democratic figures, including Clinton.
“We can't afford to have a liberal Democrat who is completely controlled by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Their name is Jones and he's a total puppet,” Trump said at a Friday night rally in Pensacola, Florida, miles from the Alabama border.
The pair of Washington-based super PACs are two of the largest in Democratic politics. Priorities spent at least $190 million to try and elect Clinton in 2016, while Senate Majority spent more than $90 million in that election cycle.
The groups have collected checks from a gamut of top Democratic donors, led by longtime party contributors like George Soros, Jim Simons, Haim Saban and Fred Eychaner. While both Jones and Moore have gotten support from other outside groups in recent weeks, Highway 31 is by far the biggest-spending.
The group, based in Birmingham and named for the road that cuts through the middle of Alabama, has spent more than $2.1 million in December alone, according to FEC reports. Its expenditures include direct mail, digital advertising and television ads.
While it has largely escaped scrutiny so far, the group is the largest outside spender in the race, outpacing the pro-Trump super PAC America First Action. The Trump-affiliated group has spent more than $1 million on Moore's behalf this month.
Still, Highway 31 has not entirely flown under the radar as it has gone after Moore, the twice-removed Alabama supreme court chief justice who has been battling allegations of sexual assault and harassment against minors.
Moore's campaign last week called for one of the group's ads to be pulled, claiming its statement that “Moore was actually banned from the Gadsden Mall … for soliciting sex from young girls” is “patently false."
News of the group's funding also comes as both campaigns tiptoe around allegations that they rely on outsiders to help push them over the line.
While Jones has tried putting distance between themselves and the party apparatus, both New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick joined them in Alabama over the weekend to try and win more African-American votes. On Monday, the campaign also started circulating robocalls from former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden — the latter of whom appeared with Jones in Birmingham in October.
Moore, meanwhile, is resurfacing on the campaign trail after an absence on Monday to appear alongside former White House strategist Steve Bannon and a host of other national conservative figures. Trump also recorded a robocall urging voters to support Moore on Tuesday.
Correction: A previous version of this story said that a Highway 31 ad had been pulled from YouTube and television stations. It was never online, and was replaced on television as scheduled.
I was amazed and thrilled to wake to a fascinating and in-depth NPR story on the brilliant Charlie Shrem, an early mover in the Bitcoin space who did time in federal prison for their innovations.
In the prison where Charlie spent 18 months, the main currency was mackerel packed in cans.The story is actually fair and even affectionate, as it should be. Shrem was the first to implement a full-scale and highly successful money exchange service for Bitcoin at a time when hardly anyone else even believed that digital money could exist as a viable substitute for national money.
It was exactly during this time that I got to know them as a friend. It was only three years ago, but it seems like the age of innocence in retrospect. I could tell that Charlie was brilliant but I had no idea of the scale of the enterprise they were undertaking. In the interview, Charlie also speaks of the heady naivete of those days.
In the story, Charlie shares their dramatic story, but the reporters smartly saw that they had some insights on the prison economy. They speak about the forms of money used in the prison and the complex pricing system that emerges even under these conditions. Which money comes to dominate depends on conditions of time and place.
In the prison where Charlie spent 18 months, the main currency was mackerel packed in cans. All prices were quoted in terms of these.
They had nothing but time on their hands, and it was late at night when they began to think through the source of value of money of all sorts, and how the payment system of mackerel cans might be made more efficient through blockchain technology. Yes, seriously. The NPR segment discusses their intellectual speculations at length. They think through how a blockchain would work without the internet and how a distributed network might emerge in physical space.
This segment goes a very long way toward explaining how Bitcoin became valuable and how the blockchain itself is currently changing the way many institutions think about information storage and transmission.
It's a wonderful story and worth a listen.
It was my pleasure to interview Charlie in 2014, following their conviction on charges of unlicensed money transfers and in the month before they went to prison. We talked about their personal background, family, and faith.
This article originally appeared on FEE.org.
Atheist Ireland had a breakthrough dialogue yesterday with Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Minister for Education Jan O'Sullivan, at the first ever formal meeting between an Irish Prime Minister and an atheist advocacy group in the history of the State.
We were represented by chairperson Michael Nugent, human rights officer Jane Donnelly, and blasphemy law campaign coordinator John Hamill. We also brought an atheist parent, an atheist student at and an atheist teacher to give first-hand accounts of the religious discrimination they face.
The Government was represented by Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, Minister for Education Jan O'Sullivan, and senior officials from the Department of the Taoiseach, the Department of Education and Skills, and the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform.
The meeting lasted more than twice its scheduled time as we explained our philosophy, our aims, and our work in promoting an ethical secular State based on human rights.
It marks the start of an ongoing dialogue process, in which we will have detailed follow-up meetings with Department officials and Ministerial advisors about the changes that we believe are needed to respect our fundamental rights.
After several of these follow-up meetings, we will be in a better position to judge how positive the dialogue has become in practical terms. However, we believe that the Government's understanding of our position became greater than yesterday's meeting went on.
As with many of our discussions with politicians, it took some time for us to get across that we are addressing not merely specific changes in laws, but also the fundamentals of human rights, including freedom of conscience, as the foundation of democracy.
Both the Taoiseach and the Minister for Education ended the meeting saying that they had learned a lot that, they had previously been unaware of, about the nature and scale of problems faced by atheists in Irish society.
Atheist parent, student and teacher
At the meeting, an atheist parent, an atheist student and an atheist teacher explained the religious discrimination they have experienced in the education system. Their first-hand accounts had a major impact on the meeting.
The atheist parent, Derek Walsh, told of their problems getting their five-year-old son admitted to a local school this year. A principal told Derek that their son, as a non-Catholic, was a “Category 2 boy”, to only be considered if there were any places left over after all the “Category 1” Catholic applicants had been considered.
The Taoiseach agreed that no child should be labelled a “Category 2 child”. We showed them other schools' admission criteria that also discriminated against atheists, including one school where the children of atheists were labeled “other” and were category 12 on the list of preferred beliefs.
The scale of the problems was reinforced by the fact that the atheist student and teacher chose to remain anonymous, because of fear of further recriminations in their schools if it became known that they were complaining about the discrimination that they have faced.
The atheist student outlined how they are isolated and even bullied in their school, where a lot of social activity is organised through religion class. The atheist teacher outlined how they have been told to not only convey Catholic teaching to their pupils, but to convey it as if was their own personal opinions.
We don't want to go into detail about these experiences, to protect the anonymity of the people concerned, but their experiences are not unique, they conveyed them effectively, and the Minister for Education apologised for what they have had to go through.
Invisible discrimination
Perhaps the hardest part of the meeting from our perspective was helping the Taoiseach to appreciate the existence, never mind the scale, of the discrimination, which is so normalised in Irish society that it can seem invisible to people who are not the target of it.
We tried to convey this by asking them to consider alternative hypotheses that we are not actually seeking. What if there was even one school actively teaching students that there is no God, and even one set of Catholic parents were forced to send their child to that school?
What if the President and Judges and Taoiseach had to swear that there is no God, instead of swearing a religious oath? How did the Taoiseach feel sitting across a table from six citizens who could not aspire to hold the office they hold?
We wouldn't dream of running other public services on the basis of the religious beliefs of citizens. A police station would not turn away an atheist crime victim until they had first dealt with all religious crime victims. Why should a publicly funded school be allowed to do this?
Both the Taoiseach and the Minister for Education ended the meeting saying that they had learned a lot that they had previously been unaware of, about the nature and scale of problems faced by atheists in Irish society.
Constitutional and human rights of atheists
Jane Donnelly addressed the rights of atheists under the Irish Constitution and human rights law. This was the first time that anybody has put these arguments to an Irish Taoiseach, and we will be following up on them in the meetings with Department officials that were agreed at the meeting with the Taoiseach.
The Irish Constitution (Article 42.1) protects atheist and secular families who have exactly same inalienable rights as religious families to ensure that the teaching of their children is in conformity with their convictions.
There is a positive obligation under the Article 42.1 of the Constitution to protect the inalienable right of atheist and secular families in the education system. Successive governments over the years have interpreted the right to respect for our philosophical convictions as a negative right (the right to opt out) when there is also a positive obligation to respect our rights. The European Court recognises this positive right to respect for our philosophical convictions.
The European court of Human Rights has said that secularism is regarded as a philosophical conviction protected under Article 9 (the right to freedom of conscience) and Article II of Protocol 1 (the right to education). This means that the State has a positive obligation to respect and protect our rights. If our Constitution does not respect and protect our rights then Ireland will be in breach of all its international obligations. We are already getting criticised by the UN and the Council of Europe.
The European Court found in the Louise O'Keeffe case and that the state cannot absolve itself of the obligations to protect Convention rights in Irish National Schools and delegate that to private bodies and individuals. We have a human right to an effective remedy to vindicate our rights. This is a huge issue, as schools are not considered ‘organs of the state' within the meaning of the European Convention on Human Rights Act. This means that there is the possibility that a case can go directly to the European Court of Human Rights such as the ABC case and not be required to exhaust domestic remedies by going through the Irish courts. We believe that it is now just a matter of time before a parent will challenge this issue through the courts.
We want to opt our children into an education that is objective, critical and pluralistic. We have had enough of a primary school curriculum that seeks to promote the moral and spiritual development of our children through religious education as this breaches our Constitutional and human rights. If the State curriculum was promoting the moral and spiritual development of all children through atheist education, we would never hear the end of it and would immediately recognise that this was breaching the rights of religious families.
The State would not contemplate a situation where hospitals were permitted to give preference to the children of religious families and would immediately see this as discrimination, but Section 7-3 (c) of the Equal Status Act sees children refused access to their only local publicly funded National school on the basis of their parents' religious convictions. It is forbidden under human rights law to discriminate against children in this manner.
Atheist and secularists must hide their convictions in order to gain employment as teachers, and this applies to religious minorities as well. Atheist and secular teachers have very limited employment opportunities in Ireland at both primary and second level and are trained by institutions to teach the doctrine of mainly one particular church. Again the UN and Council of Europe are putting pressure on Ireland to stop discriminating in this manner.
Constitutional and legal changes needed
We highlighted several specific proposals in two briefing documents that we prepare for the Taoiseach and the Minister for Education. We will follow up on these issue in the meetings with Department officials that were agreed at the meeting with the Taoiseach.
The State has a positive obligation to respect the rights of atheists
Acknowledge that human rights apply to individuals, and cannot be denied by majority votes, as the Minister for Justice accepted at the UNHRC. Amend Article 40.1 on equality before the law to include principle of non-discrimination.
Remove religious oaths (which includes Taoiseach and others), in a way that respects the right not to have to reveal your religion or belief in public, as required by UNHRC.
Remove or amend all Constitutional clauses that give preference to religious over nonreligious beliefs.
Repeal the eighth amendment to enable the Oireachtas to legislate for abortion.
Stop amending laws that discriminate against atheists, in ways that they discriminate against fewer people on other grounds, but still discriminate against atheists (e.g. Admission to Schools, Employment Equality, Civil Registration, age of President).
Amend the Defamation, Charities, Equal Status, Juries, Electoral, relevant healthcare and other laws. End State payments to chaplains, loaded census question, religious oaths and symbols in court, polling booths and councils, and daily Christian prayer in Oireachtas.
Human-rights-proof all planned legislation with the IHREC.
Immediate First Steps: Campaign vigorously to ensure marriage equality is passed. Include removal of religious oaths for public office alongside Presidential age vote. Within lifetime of this Government, hold a referendum to remove blasphemy.
Amend the Civil Registration Act, that discriminates against atheists in favour of religions and humanists. Until it is amended, enforce it with integrity, and ensure all nominating bodies are compliant with the law.
Why must our children leave their human rights at the school gates?
Vindicate inalienable right of atheist/secular parents to respect and protection for their philosophical convictions, in educating their children in publicly funded schools. (Art 42.1)
Vindicate right of parents to not have their conscience and lawful preference violated by being forced to send their children to certain types of school. (Art 42.3.1)
Vindicate right to a moral education for all children, separate from religion. (Art 42.3.2)
Acknowledge the State's direct responsibility to protect the human rights of children in schools, in accordance with the Louise O'Keeffe judgment at the European Court.
Increase access to secular education, by divesting religious patronage and establishing non-denominational (not multi-denominational) schools, as required by UNHRC.
Amend primary curriculum, and remove rule 68, to ensure a neutral education, even in denominational schools, outside of opt-out religion classes, as required by UNHRC.
Ensure that all schools comply with Toledo Guiding Principles by teaching about religion and beliefs in a objective, critical and pluralistic manner.
Immediate First Steps: Lead by example. Make all changes to respect human rights in the Model Schools that Department of Education runs directly as Patron.
Amend Admissions to Schools Bill, to prohibit all discrimination in access to schools on the grounds of religion or belief, as required by UNHRC.
Amend Section 37 Employment Equality Bill to ban religious (and not just sexuality-based) discrimination in education and health, as required by UNHRC.
Remove Section 7.3(c) of the Equal Status Act.
Blasphemy law
One of our most important issues is that Ireland is the only European country to have introduced a contemporary blasphemy law. At the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2009, Pakistan proposed the adoption of precise wording from the Irish blasphemy law, as part of efforts by the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation to limit Human Rights on freedom of conscience.
As Professor Heiner Bielefeldt, United Nations Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Religion, has advised Atheist Ireland to convey to the Constitutional Convention: “I wouldn't expect any harsh verdicts being handed down in Ireland, but those countries that continue to have an intimidating anti-blasphemy practice like to quote European countries to unmask Western hypocrisy.”
At the meeting we gave the Taoiseach an open letter about the Irish blasphemy law, signed by more than forty Irish and international scientists, philosophers, writers, comedians, politicians and activists. The Guardian has published the letter.
You can read the letter and the list of signatures here.
Summary
We are happy to have started an ongoing dialogue with the Government, at the first ever formal meeting between a Taoiseach and an atheist advocacy group in the history of the State.
After several follow-up meetings with Department officials and others, we will be in a better position to judge how positive the dialogue has become in practical terms.
Poor Harvey Perlman.
It looks like their third choice for a college football postseason took first place overall and is locked in for least 12 years. On Tuesday evening, 12 school presidents gave the final stamp of approval on the “new” FBS playoff system that will be put into effect starting in 2014. Let's have a look at what we know about college football's future postseason:
– Four teams, three games.
– The playoff starts New Years Eve/Day and the title game will be played on the first Monday thereafter.
– Some BCS bowls will be involved (Rose, Orange), some BCS bowls will be put up for bid (Sugar, Fiesta) and others will be welcomed into the family (Cotton).
While that's all fine and dandy, there are still some small yet necessary details to iron out:
– How the four seeded teams will be chosen
– How to treat traditional non-AQ conferences/teams (See: Boise State)
– Most importantly, how to spread the wealth
As Adam Kramer of Bleacher Report points out, there were some major winners and losers because of the final decision. While I think they missed some winners (alcohol distributors, Buffalo Wild Wings and travel agencies), their first listed “loser” is a familiar one to those in Lincoln.
Nebraska president Harvey Perlman.
The man that “serves Tom Osborne” was the last gleaming hope of either nothing happening with the current BCS system or moving to a “Plus-One” scenario. What makes this even worse was that everyone on board with Perlman eventually abandoned ship.
Did they have the best interests of the Big Ten Conference in mind?
No way.
If that was the case, others wouldn't have finally embraced the idea of true change. People like, oh, you know…Jim Delany. Andy Staples recently wrote a piece that featured Delany saying, “We've got a great regular season. I think it'll be more exciting than it has been. It's hard to believe that, but I don't think it hurts that one bit.”
When I think of how Perlman went down with the Plus-One Titanic as they broke off into the cold artic Atlantic of unpopular opinion, I wondered why they didn't agree with the other higher-ups in the madcap world of college football.
They did what we didn't think was possible: they finally listened to the fans. The ones who buy tickets, t-shirts, ESPN Gameplan packages and bowl tickets. After all the talking about who should be heard, the most logical choice was made.
I'm as shocked as you are.
Back to Harvey for a moment, there have been good times for them in the last few years (the B1G move, which they had just as much to do with as Tom Osborne), but he's been suffering a recent dry spell.
The Ron Brown situation isn't improving and this recent blow to their public image doesn't help. Perlman will bounce back as that's what he's paid to do. How to do that is simple: take the time to embrace what happened.
Realize that fans got what they wanted and run with it. When the masses speak out in favor of something, it's usually a good idea to strongly consider what they're asking for and why they're demanding it.
The common fan that watches from August to January and then some was handsomely rewarded. Less meaningless BCS games and what ifs. More football and rock-hard evidence.
This system isn't going to be perfect, but none will be. There will be good and bad aspects about what will develop between now and September ‘14. Some may even make you wonder if a playoff was the best idea. I'm sure some have brushed the idea off and said, “Get back to me in a few years.”
If you do feel that way, take a day off, snap your fingers and look at what college football has become.
Things have changed. Every game is on TV, your phone provides scores from around the country instead of having to wait for the PA. You can order your halftime meal on your phone, pay for it and be chowing down instead of waiting in line.
Adaptation is something everyone must face whether they think agree with the change or not. The majority wants a playoff, and as is often the case, majority ruled.
(Visited 307 times, 1 visits today)
Nebraska Football
Keeping with the theme of its politically charged “Bud Light Party” ad campaign, Bud Light has released a new commercial, this time focusing on the issue of transgender rights.
The commercial, titled “Labels,” opens up with Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen standing together at a podium promising to “bring America together.” That includes people of all genders, not just men and women. “Gender identity—it's really a spectrum and we don't need these labels,” Schumer declares before Rogen adds, “Beer should have labels, not people.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“From the start of our campaign at Super Bowl, the Bud Light Party has rallied around bringing people together,” Bud Light vice president Alex Lambrecht said in a company press release. “In our newest spot, Seth and Amy remind Americans that labels belong on beer, not people—a message Bud Light proudly supports.”
Previous commercials have talked about equal pay and same-sex marriage, but the issue of transgender rights has been a particularly sensitive one in recent months. North Carolina passed a law in March that prohibits transgender men and women from using public bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity, requiring them instead to use one that corresponds with their sex at birth. The controversial law sparked condemnation from various public figures and organizations, including the Department of Justice.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Update: The players have flown home.
Three UCLA basketball players arrested on Tuesday in China for shoplifting will remain in the country while the rest of the team flies home, reports ESPN's Arash Markazi. The players — freshmen LiAngelo Ball, Cody Riley, and Jalen Hill -- were arrested Tuesday on suspicion of shoplifting from a Louis Vuitton store near their hotel in Hangzhou.
Markazi reports that the three players remain in Hangzhou while legal proceedings continue. The players reportedly could be stuck in Hangzhou for “a week or two.”
Ball is obviously the biggest name as the younger brother of former UCLA star Lonzo Ball and the older brother of UCLA commit LaMelo Ball. Riley and Hill each entered the program more touted than Ball as recruits. Riley is a 6'10 forward ranked No. 45 overall in the class of 2017 by ESPN, while Hill is also a 6'10 forward ranked No. 49 by ESPN.
ESPN has details of what happened:
One source told ESPN that nearly 20 police officers came into the Hyatt Hangzhou at approximately 8 a.m. local time Tuesday and spoke to multiple players from both Georgia Tech and UCLA. The players, according to the source, were kept in a room for hours and not allowed to speak to any of the coaches. "They weren't messing around," the source told ESPN. "The kids were scared." The Georgia Tech players were allowed to leave the room hours later, and the UCLA players were seen getting into a police vehicle around 1 p.m. local time, according to the source.
The Bruins open the year ranked No. 21 in the AP Poll.
UCLA is counting on its freshmen to play a big role this year after losing four starters from last season. The Bruins' two McDonald's All-Americans — point guard Jaylen Hands and wing Kris Wilkes — were not involved in the incident. UCLA will also be counting on big contributions from senior center Thomas Welsh and junior guard Aaron Holiday.
According to Yahoo Sports, under Chinese law the three Bruins players could face up to as many as 10 years in prison.
President Donald Trump is currently visiting heads of state in Asia. Trump landed in China on Wednesday to meet with President Xi Jinping.
OTTAWA, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Dec. 13, 2017) - Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. ("Tetra" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE:TBP)(OTCQB:TBPMF), a global leader in cannabinoid-based drug development and discovery, is pleased to announce that the company has signed an exclusive research and development (R&D) agreement with Constance Therapeutics for the pharmaceutical drug development, and eventual commercialization in Canada, of their standardized, patent-pending, medicinal cannabis extract products. In addition to this agreement, the Company further strengthens its R&D program by means of a National Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) grant in its collaborative project with Dr Stan Kubow at McGill university.
Constance Therapeutics has developed whole plant cannabis extracts that have shown significant clinical promise in the treatment of various forms of cancer and improved patient survival as well. In collaboration, Tetra and Constance Therapeutics now aim to define the therapeutic mechanism and demonstrate efficacy of these cannabis extracts in the treatment of human cancers. In accordance with Tetra's provisional patent announced on May 17th, 2017, the collaboration will focus on treating various forms of cancer driven by inappropriate Hedgehog signaling, including multiple forms of brain, blood, skin and bone cancers.
Constance Finley, Founder and CEO of Constance Therapeutics, Inc. said, "over the years, research has demonstrated that cannabinoids including specific terpenes, reduce and inhibit tumor growth in various animal models. Early clinical studies suggest cannabinoids enhance the effects of traditional cancer treatments with radiation therapy and help reduce the size of brain cancers, such as Glioma, compared to controls."
"We are very excited to achieve this co-development program with Constance Therapeutics" added Bernard Fortier, CEO of Tetra. "Their initial research is very promising and we are hopeful that together we can provide novel treatments for multiple forms of aggressive cancer to patients with limited therapeutic options. "
In addition, Tetra is pleased to announce that the company has been awarded an additional Engage Plus grant from the National Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) to continue the collaborative project with Dr. Stan Kubow of McGill University. The goal of the basic research project is to explore and develop patentable cannabis-derived retail supplements and drug products in partnership with McGill University, and the grant awarded by NSERC will bolster Tetra Bio-Pharma's investment with matching funds up to a maximum of $12,500.
"We are excited and honored to have the continued support of NSERC on this innovative project with McGill. Through the use of Dr. Kubow's expertise and access to the advanced facility at McGill University, we aim to develop novel natural health supplements and drug products to be commercialized by Tetra," commented Dr. Guy Chamberland, Chief Scientific Officer or Tetra Bio-Pharma.
Together, the co-development project focused on treating Hh-driven disease and the continuation of the McGill collaboration aiming to develop new cannabis-based products diversifies and strengthens Tetra's pre-clinical program, thus ensuring the continuity of the product pipe-line in the future.
Lassen U, Mau-Sørensen M, Poulsen HS Orphan drugs in glioblastoma multiforme: a review Orphan Drugs: Research and Reviews 2014:4; 83-91
About Constance Therapeutics:
Constance Therapeutics, Inc. is a manufacturer and licensor of cannabis products designed to enable medical professionals to offer their patients a broader array of treatment options. The products fill the gap between traditional pharmaceuticals and commonplace cannabis products through manufacturing protocols using highly controlled, quantitatively-defined and patented processes. The products are third-party tested in the industry's most respected laboratories. Since 2008, the company has employed stringent, science-based processes and standards to ensure the highest quality and consistency. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, Constance Therapeutics' products have historically been accessed exclusively for therapeutic use and could only be purchased by registered California patients, in keeping with Proposition 215, and California Senate Bill 420.
More information at: www.constancetherapeutics.com
About Dr. Stan Kubow:
Dr. S. Kubow, Ph.D. is an Associate Professor at the School of Dietetics and Human Nutrition, McGill University. Their research interests include the impact of nutritional interventions on a variety of disease outcomes and metabolic disorders using technologically modified food extracts and isolates with enhanced bioactivity including phytochemical extracts, whey and soy proteins and probiotics. These studies have been focused upon oxidative stress, inflammatory indices, lipoprotein, fatty acid and glucose metabolism as related to cell signaling pathways and disease pathogenesis.
About Tetra Bio-Pharma:
Tetra Bio-Pharma (TSX VENTURE:TBP)(OTCQB:TBPMF) is a biopharmaceutical leader in cannabinoid- based drug discovery and clinical development. Tetra is focusing on three core business pillars: clinical research, pharmaceutical promotion and retail commercialization of cannabinoid-based products.
More information at: www.tetrabiopharma.com
Source: Tetra Bio-Pharma
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Forward-looking statements
Some statements in this release may contain forward-looking information. All statements, other than of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that the Company believes, expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future (including, without limitation, statements regarding potential acquisitions and financings) are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of the words "may", "will", "should", "continue", "expect", "anticipate", "estimate", "believe", "intend", "plan" or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's ability to control or predict, that may cause the actual results of the Company to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, without limitation, the inability of the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, GrowPros MMP Inc., to obtain a license for the production of medical marijuana; failure to obtain sufficient financing to execute the Company's business plan; competition; regulation and anticipated and unanticipated costs and delays, the success of the Company's research strategies, the applicability of the discoveries made therein, the successful and timely completion and uncertainties related to the regulatory process, the timing of clinical trials, the timing and outcomes of regulatory or intellectual property decisions and other risks disclosed in the Company's public disclosure record on file with the relevant securities regulatory authorities. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results or events not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date of this news release and the Company does not undertake an obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise unless required by applicable securities legislation.
100 motorists a day caught speeding in Brisbane's Legacy Way tunnel despite warnings
Posted
More than 6,000 motorists have been caught speeding in Brisbane's new Legacy Way tunnel in a two-month period.
The ABC can reveal 6,223 motorists were fined for speeding on the toll road between July 1 and August 31 this year.
Among that number, 2,708 were caught in the Kelvin Grove section of the tunnel, while and more than 3,000 crept over the limit in the Toowong and Paddington sections.
Queensland Police Inspector Allan Hales said about 100 motorists a day are still being caught speeding in the tunnel, which opened to traffic on June 25.
"The percentage of high-end speeds, 40 kilometres plus over the speed limit, they're fairly high," they said.
"Obviously if someone is travelling at that speed they're creating a risk for themselves and others.
"There are advisory signs about the presence of cameras. Speed limit signs are displayed on each lane, I'm not sure what the drivers are missing."
Police said twice as many drivers are being fined for speeding on Legacy Way compared to Brisbane's Clem 7 tunnel.
Fines have ranged from $150 to more than $1,000, but Inspector Hales denied it was a revenue-raising exercise.
They said police had gone to extraordinary lengths to remind repeat offenders to hit the brakes.
"We actually rang those people and said you need to slow down, because they were going to lose their licence before the end of the week," they said.
Revenue from the fines is spent on road safety and the cameras are permanent fixtures in the tunnel, they said.
Steve Spalding from the RACQ warned drivers using Brisbane's toll roads and tunnels not to "set and forget" cruise control.
"For instance, you set the cruise control to 80 kilometres an hour the car will still vary by as much as 10 kilometres within a speed range," they said.
Topics: road-transport, laws, urban-development-and-planning, brisbane-4000
Countless articles, self-help books and general discussions have been written in an attempt to shed more light on the ways in which one's productivity can be increased. In my opinion, there is no one solution for every person in the world. There is a different method for every person out there that seems to increase that internal drive, which in turn gives a boost of productivity. Software development, on the other hand, is a very specific profession. Some of the methods used in other professions can't be applied to this one. Therefore, here are some of the techniques I've used as well as techniques I'm currently implementing in order to increase the amount of work that gets done. Perhaps there are software developers out there that will find these useful.
Commitment
This is the root of every good performance out there. You need to make a commitment that you will do the work, hard work. By this, I don't mean that you should make a commitment to your boss, or colleagues, or anyone else but yourself. There is no specific technique that can help you with the commitment per se; it is just your choice. You should choose to be driven by that gut feeling that, hell or high water, will make you complete everything. Without this, no productivity boosting method will help you.
You want to get to that place where you jump-start your internal drive. Also, you'll rip yourself apart from that mindset, promoted by countless self-help books, that you should work smart, not hard, meaning that you can enjoy the fruits of hard work without lifting a finger. By this, I don't mean that you shouldn't work smart; I just mean that you should be ready to do some heavy lifting in life in general.
Lists
Usually, when I get a large project that needs to be done, I get sort of intimidated. Most people are intimidated by the large amount of work and this is completely natural. The big thing is scary. That is why I adopted a practice of breaking down big tasks and creating lists of things that need to be done, and I have been doing this from a very early age.
Of course, in high school and during college I had no problem with this system because I could finish everything on the list with no problem. However, once I started my career as a professional developer, I wanted to quantify how much I actually got done and how I can increase that quantity. One of the problems was that I just didn't know how big each task on the list was. I could finish fifty small tasks or two big ones, and that, in terms of job quantity, meant nothing to me. Often, this would cause a feeling of unfulfillment, because I couldn't realize that I had finished two large tasks and that I should be satisfied with that. So, breaking down a big project into smaller parts helped reduce that feeling of intimidation, but it didn't help me with measuring my progress.
Along came Agile methodology and taught me that every task should be as small as possible and that it should have a specific measurable goal (wait, doesn't that sound like Single Responsibility Principle?) That way I could create my lists in a more efficient way, thus creating tasks that would take a few hours to finish. Also, I could measure my progress, knowing exactly how much time I had spent, and avoid anxiety bursts.
Another problem with making lists is that it's a form of procrastination. Yes, you've read that correctly. I noticed that sometimes, when my motivation is on the low end, I turn to making plans and lists just to avoid real work. Then I found out that, according to a professor of psychology at Carleton University in Ottawa, Timothy Pychyl, PhD., silly humans, after some period of time, start considering lists an achievement and allow themselves to feel like they've done something useful without taking on any real work. So, I limited my list-making routine to the very beginning of the workday.
Pomodoro
Yet another state I wanted to avoid is the state of being busy but not being productive. I realized that this was happening due to the false notion that people can multitask. I was a young and proud self-proclaimed multitasker myself until I realized that I was just deluding myself. First of all, what I was doing wasn't really multitasking, it was task-switching. A lot of people mistake these two terms, and I was certainly one of them. Also, I realized that when I switch from one task to another I lose focus. It took me a while to get “in the zone” for the new tasks that I had just started. This kind of behavior had to be nipped in the bud. I'd heard of this neat technique called Pomodoro, so I decided to try it out. If you are not familiar, Pomodoro is a technique in which you work for twenty-five minutes (which is considered one Pomodoro), after which you take a five-minute break. After four Pomodoros, you take a fifteen-minute break. It was developed by Francesco Cirillo in the late 1980s.
So, I downloaded Tomighty, and started doing my work in twenty-five minute intervals. During this time, I don't check my emails or my chat applications, or my social media profiles; I just do what needs to be done.
In the beginning, I made a few mistakes when using this method. Firstly, I used it just for focusing purposes, not for quantifying the amount of work. Secondly, I wasn't really taking breaks. After one Pomodoro cycle, I would just start the next one. Then, on the fifteenth minute of that new Pomodoro cycle, I got really tired and unfocused, meaning I was in a more vulnerable state in which I might just succumb to checking whether I had received any new emails. This was not something I wanted to happen.
Now I track the amount of work by the number of Pomodoros I get done in a day. If you try this, you'll probably be shocked by two things. First is the amount of work that gets done in twenty-five minutes of focused activity. Second is the fact of how many of those cycles a person is able to finish in a day. When I started using this method, I would finish ten Pomodoros in eight hours! And that was on a good day! I am still learning how to increase that number. In order to combine my love for lists with Pomodoro, I now also use Kanbanflow. It gives me a really good way of tracking the time spent on each task, and the number of Pomodoros I finish each day. Also, I have something that I call weekly epics. These are bigger tasks which I commit to complete in a week. Here is an example of what my board looks like:
And yes, I take every Pomodoro break now. During these intervals, you can finish all those activities that you've been avoiding in those twenty-five minutes of focused work.
Conclusion
As you can see, I've been experimenting quite a bit in order to find what actually works for me in terms of increased productivity. Still, I'm not there yet, and avoiding traps of my own mind is the one thing I have difficulties with.
If you're looking for one method to try out, I definitely recommend Pomodoro. The worst that could happen is that it sends you on a journey of finding out what works out for you.
Read more posts from the author at Rubik's Code.
CodeProject
I provided a snapshot look at the data through Week 3 on Tempo/Pace of Play for the conferences and each FBS team last week. I found it a fun and interesting little project to do, but lacking in context. I knew that the Hurry-Up, No Huddle (HUNH) offensive philosophy has been adopted by enough teams that it surely had changed the overall pace of play some, but I had no idea by how much.
Quick Aside: An alert reader also pointed out a bit of an error in the Week 3 data. Apparently I subconciously decided to include Nebraska in the Big XII for old time sake. Fixing the error didn't make a big difference to the overall numbers, but it was amusing to see that it actually resulted in increased tempo figures for both the Big XII and the Big Ten. Says something about the contrasting styles of the two conferences, I'd say.
Looking Back
In order to gain some context for what is going on today with tempo, I went back and calculated average clock seconds elapsed per play for every team from the beginning of the 2008 season, up through the fourth week of the 2013. I could have gone back farther, but the NCAA did some monkeying around with the clock rules in 2006 and 2007 and the data from those years isn't really comparable to what has been going on since the '08 seasons began.
A few points on methodology are in order. First of all, in order to keep things comparable, I didn't include teams added to FBS after 2008. That leaves Georgia State, South Alabama, UTSA, Texas State and UMass out of the data set. If you are a fan of one of those programs and are dying to see the data on your team's pace of play--seek help immediately. Because you need it. For the sake of apples-to-apples conference comparisons, I have presented the conference data as if all of the recent realignment shenanigans had happened before 2008. There are pros and cons to doing it that way. I felt the pros outweighed the cons. Plus, it was easier, which is the ultimate tie-breaker.
What that leaves me with is 600 (120 teams 2008-12) full team-seasons worth of data and 120 sets of 2013 data through four weeks. I am sure the numbers for 2013 will continue to move around a bit, but I think presenting them at this stage is still more informative than it is potentially misleading.
First, lets look at how all 720 data points look like when we drop them into a histogram because...hey, histograms are fun! And they are also a great way to get a visual sense of the distribution. The histogram below shows average seconds per play arrayed into bins of 1 second each.
&amp;amp;lt;a href="#" mce_href="#"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;img alt="FBS Pace of Play &amp;amp;amp;#39;08-&amp;amp;amp;#39;13 " src="http:&amp;amp;amp;#47;&amp;amp;amp;#47;public.tableausoftware.com&amp;amp;amp;#47;static&amp;amp;amp;#47;images&amp;amp;amp;#47;Se&amp;amp;amp;#47;SecPHistogram&amp;amp;amp;#47;FBSPaceofPlay08-13&amp;amp;amp;#47;1_rss.png" mce_src="http://public.tableausoftware.com/static/images/Se/SecPHistogram/FBSPaceofPlay08-13/1_rss.png" style="border: none" mce_style="border: none" /&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt;
The mean for the whole distribution is 26 seconds flat, and the median is slightly higher at 26.4 seconds. There really isn't a lot more to say than that. It is a distribution that has a normal-ish shape, but it is clearly a bit irregular. It is close enough to normal that thinking about a standard deviation is useful and the standard deviation here is 2.6 seconds. It is also clear that the tail of the distribution is a bit longer on the fast side, which makes sense. So there are a few teams snapping the ball really fast, a vast majority of teams in a broad middle that extends from 24-28 seconds, and a small handful of teams whose pace we could measure with a sundial (almost).
Things get a lot more interesting and informative when we start to look at the metrics by vintage. The table below does just that. What you'll observe generally is that the average and median are falling slightly each year, but the standard deviation is growing at a much greater rate.
This makes perfect sense, because while the HUNH offensive philosophy has defintiely become more mainstream than it was 5-6 years ago, it is still truly embraced by a minority of programs within college football. And the traditionalists are perhaps becoming even more greedy in their Time of Possession hogging ways as a tactical response. So we see increased divergence in tempo from what we saw just a few years ago.
Median
Avg Std Dev # < 22.0 Sec/P 2008 26.8 26.7 1.9 2 2009 26.8 26.7 2.1 1 2010 26.7 26.4 2.3 7 2011 26.2 26.0 2.4 10 2012 25.6 25.3 2.7 14 2013 25.2 25.1 3.2 24
My favorite column in the chart above is the last one on the right. It shows the number of teams averaging a snap of the ball in 22 seconds or less by year. Admittedly that is a slightly arbitrary cut off, but it is in the neighborhood of 1.5 standard deviations below the mean and it rounded nicely so that you could line it up with the tidy bins on the histogram. A couple of fun factoids to consider: (1) team's that average less than 22 seconds per play make up only 8% of the observations in the data set, and (2) 41% of those observations are from this season.
That column really shows the explosion of growth in adoption of the HUNH philosophy. I dare say it is approaching exponential growth. However you feel about the HUNH, it certainly appears we are at the moment in history where it goes from a curiosity to becoming a real thing. If Malcolm Gladwell were here, they might say we are at a tipping point. But he'd also say a lot of other stuff that would be obnoxiously self-congratulatory, so let's just be glad they aren't.
Differences by Conference
Looking at the data by conference and by year is also pretty interesting. What becomes readily apparent is that while there was a pretty high degree of homogeneity across all the conferences in terms of pace of play back in 2008 and even 2009, broader adoption of the HUNH has definitely increased the differences between the conferences over time.
Conf 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 AAC 26.6 27.4 28.4 27.1 27.8 25.6 ACC 27.5 27.4 26.9 26.1 24.7 26.1 Big Ten 26.6 26.7 27.8 26.5 26.9 27.0 Big XII 26.3 25.4 24.9 23.0 24.1 23.3 CUSA 25.7 26.0 24.8 25.9 25.2 25.1 Ind 27.4 29.1 26.7 26.1 26.6 26.5 MAC 26.2 26.2 27.4 25.3 24.8 25.2 MWC 26.7 26.4 27.0 25.9 25.2 23.7 Pac-12 27.3 27.2 26.7 27.1 25.5 23.5 SEC 27.1 27.0 26.7 27.3 26.3 26.8 Sun Belt 27.7 28.2 25.9 24.7 24.9 24.4
Not surprisingly, the Big Ten and SEC have been the most resistant to change. There are still coaches in both of those leagues for whom a three wide receiver set is so racy that it borders on pornographic. Okay, save your angry comments, that was a touch of hyperbole. But the B1G (still not sure how I feel about that abbreviation) and SEC are relative bastions of traditionalism in today's college football landscape, notwithstanding Hugh Freeze and a few other miscreants.
At the other end of the spectrum, the Big XII is inhabited by a cohort of speed freaks (must...resist...meth...jokes) who seem to want to go faster every year. And the imperative to increase pace seems to be catching on throughout the whole Western US, with the MWC and Pac-12 hot on the Big XII's heels.
Of course the HUNH "virus" has mainly been spread (oh Lordy, what a pun) through "carriers" from the Mike Leach/Air Raid coaching tree or the Rich Rodriguez/Spread-to-run philosophy. But the recent adoption of the HUNH by coaches and programs with a slightly more traditional bent (e.g. Washington, Boise State) is perhaps a sign of things to come. Coaches like Washington's Steve Sarkisian and BSU's Chris Peterson have no historical association or affinity with anything Air Raid-y or Gus Malzahn-ish, but have decided, for one reason or another, that the HUNH makes sense for their programs.
The final graphic I'll leave you with simply shows the change in the median tempo of each conference from an average of 2008/2009 (baseline, pre-HUNH explosion) to the fourth week of the 2013 season. It is interesting to me that witht the exception of the Sun Belt, you can really draw a distinction in adoption rates between the generally Western US and the East Central/Eastern. Of course, West Virginia is a HUNH team in the Big XII and it is only really West of Virginia, so there's that. I also can't help but be amused that the pace of play in the Big Ten has actually gotten slower.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="#" mce_href="#"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img alt="Change in Median Pace of Play: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;13YTD vs. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;08&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#39;09 Avg " src="http:&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;public.tableausoftware.com&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;static&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;images&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;Se&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;SecPHistogram&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;ChangeinMedianPaceofPlay13YTDvs_0809Avg&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;#47;1_rss.png" mce_src="http://public.tableausoftware.com/static/images/Se/SecPHistogram/ChangeinMedianPaceofPlay13YTDvs_0809Avg/1_rss.png" style="border: none" mce_style="border: none" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Did I do something stupid (again) in my calculations? Is there a conclusion worth challenging or an obvious one I am missing? Let's talk about it in the comments.
Note: I'll dump the team by team data through Week 4 into a table later this week, if people are interested.
Photos and videos posted on social media show about 20 protesters wearing "White Lives Matter" t-shirts and waving Confederate flags as they rallied outside the NAACP headquarters in Houston on Sunday, Aug. 21. (Monica Akhtar,Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
White Lives Matter staged a rally outside the NAACP's Houston headquarters on Sunday, sparking controversy and counterprotests in a city where racial tensions remain high after a string of recent incidents.
Clutching Confederate flags, white supremacist signs and, in several cases, assault rifles, roughly 20 White Lives Matter members stood on the sidewalk of a historically black neighborhood to denounce the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
“We came out here specifically today to protest against the NAACP and their failure in speaking out against the atrocities that organizations like Black Lives Matter and other pro-black organizations have caused the attack and killing of white police officers, the burning down of cities and things of that nature,” organizer Ken Reed told the Houston Chronicle. “If they're going to be a civil rights organization and defend their people, they also need to hold their people accountable.”
Reed, who was wearing a “Donald Trump '16” hat and a “White Lives Matter” shirt with white supremacist symbols, said protesters were “not out here to instigate or start any problems,” despite the weaponry and body armor on display.
“Obviously we are exercising our Second Amendment rights but that's because we have to defend ourselves,” they told the Chronicle. “Their organizations and their people are shooting people based on the color of their skin. We're not.”
Reed appeared to be referring to attacks targeting white police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge last month, which were carried out by lone gunmen espousing black nationalist beliefs. (In Dallas a Latino officer was killed and in Baton Rouge, an African American officer was killed). Both Black Lives Matter and the NAACP denounced the attacks.
[Biden at police vigil: We've got to see each other as ‘individuals,' not ‘objects']
Sunday's demonstration in Houston's predominantly black Third Ward quickly spurred a counterprotest, which soon dwarfed the White Lives Matter gathering.
As police arrived and set up barricades around the White Lives Matter protesters, locals stood across the street. Some shouted, while others shook their heads in disbelief that Confederate flags were flying in front of an NAACP office in a black neighborhood.
“It's a physical manifestation of white supremacy, white privilege and racism being protected by this country,” a black female counterprotester told KPRC2.
The White Lives Matter protest comes at a tense time for Houston and the country. On July 9, Houston police fatally shot a black man who they said pointed a gun at officers. The shooting, which came the same week as fatal police shootings of two other black men, one in Baton Rouge and another in Falcon Heights, Minn., prompted criticism from Black Lives Matter activists. The Houston shooting came two days after the attack on Dallas police.
A White Lives Matter protest outside the NAACP office in Houston on Sunday. (Courtesy of Andre Smith)
Several other incidents in the city have raised racial tensions even further. At the University of Houston, the vice president of the Student Government Association was sanctioned after they wrote “Forget #BlackLivesMatter … More like AllLivesMatter” on Facebook shortly after the Dallas attack.
Earlier this month, authorities released video showing an African American woman calling 911 and saying they were “really afraid” of a white cop who had pulled them over. The woman was then violently arrested, although the officer was cleared of wrongdoing.
[A black woman called 911 because they were afraid of a police officer. A violent arrest followed.]
In May, city officials voted to rename seven schools named after people with ties to the Confederacy, including Robert E. Lee, Thomas “Stonewall” Jackson and Jefferson Davis.
Last year, the University of Texas announced it was removing a statue of Davis from its campus in Austin, about 160 miles west of Houston.
Sunday's rally was not the nation's first White Lives Matter gathering. Others have drawn similarly small crowds, such as a July 30 protest in Buffalo that was organized by neo-Nazis and also was dwarfed by counterprotests.
Comments by the White Lives Matter protesters Sunday also seemed to echo opposition to the removal of the Confederate flag from the grounds of the South Carolina statehouse last summer. The flag was taken down after avowed white supremacist Dylann Roof allegedly killed nine African Americans at a church in Charleston.
“It has nothing to do with racism on our part,” Reed told the Chronicle in reference to the Confederate flags on display at Sunday's protest. “We're proud to be Southern. It has all to do about heritage, nothing to do with hate.”
[Confederate flag flies once again — for a few hours — at South Carolina statehouse]
In videos posted online by local news outlets, bystanders and counterprotesters, Reed appeared to be the leader of the demonstration.
They had appeared on television the day before to promote the rally.
“Attacks on white officers, the calling for the murder of white officers, the burning down of cities, the stopping of traffic in streets,” Reed told Fox26. “A cop or ambulance could be trying to take someone to the hospital where a matter of minutes matters, and [Black Lives Matter protesters] are stopping them from going. The NAACP is not speaking out against this and if you aren't speaking out against it you are, in our eyes, condoning it.”
Whites were under attack, they claimed.
“We're being told that it's bad to be white,” they told the television station. “Every other race is encouraged to promote their heritage and culture, but as soon as a white person does it they are labeled as evil or racist.”
(Image via Twitter @Snapperred)
On Sunday, they stood out front of the NAACP office on Wheeler Avenue with a bullhorn.
“White Lives Matter refuses to feel any white guilt,” they shouted, according to a KPRC2 video.
“I ask Black Lives Matter and I ask the New Black Panther Party why, we ask why Black Lives Matter is not being labeled a hate group or domestic terrorist group,” they said into the bullhorn, according to Chronicle footage.
Reed said they thought whites were receiving unequal treatment and had been drowned out by Black Lives Matter.
“We're out here just to show White Lives Matter has the right to support our rights and our heritage and culture, just as they do,” they told the Chronicle. “But they do not have the right to kill, they do not have the right to assault, they do not have the right to threat[en] and they do not have the right to damage personal property.”
Other protesters were even more blunt.
“We came here because the NAACP headquarters is here and that's one of the most racist — supposedly ‘civil rights' — groups in America,” said Scott Lacy, who could be seen waving a Confederate flag.
“It seems like in the country today that it's wrong to be white,” fellow protester Billy Gaston told KPRC2.
One sign simply read “14 words,” a reference to the white supremacist motto: “We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.”
The protest struck many in the neighborhood as nonsensical and offensive.
Quintana Richardson, who is black, said Reed's demand for equal rights for whites didn't fit with historical fact.
“When they says ‘equal rights,' that's what we are trying to say. Let's have equal rights. We've been saying that for years as black people,” they told the Chronicle.
White supremacists protest @naacp_houston and Black Lives Matter.Is this a part of what some call the "Trump effect? pic.twitter.com/lfHnA98za8 — Jose Grinan (@JoseGrinanFOX26) August 21, 2016
And whatever message White Lives Matter might have had, it was obscured by the symbols on display, Richardson said.
“The Confederate flag throws me off,” they said. “You're saying Black Lives Matter is a racist organization but when you're throwing the Confederate flag up and you're saying White Lives Matter, are you saying you're racist as well?”
Adding to the tension were the assault-style rifles, which could be seen slung over the shoulders of at least two women and one man during the protest. Several protesters also wore body armor.
Some locals said they felt like the White Lives Matter crowd had descended on Houston with no intention of holding a dialogue.
“They didn't even want to talk,” Trevor Clark, who is black, told KPRC2. “Things like this are going to continue to happen, tragedies are going to continue to happen if we don't have an open dialogue.”
Brandon Walker, a reporter for the TV station, also said that there was little communication between groups literally on either side of the street.
“Organizers of the White Lives Matter movement say they held this protest and were here to spark dialogue on both sides of the street,” they said. “Also, people who were here in response to the rally said they hoped to have some dialogue too. Neither side, though, said they were able to accomplish that. The rally ended before any conversation on either end of the street was slated to take place.”
It was much the same online, where there were lots of heated comments but little exchange of ideas.
By Sunday night, “White Lives Matter” was trending nationwide on Twitter.
Many poked fun at the protest.
Jerry Ford Jr., a Black Lives Matter activist who appeared alongside Reed on TV the day before, linked the protest to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Trump got these folks bold as hell holding a White Lives Matter protest outside of Houston NAACP @rolandsmartin pic.twitter.com/wulTwdZt0N — Jerry Ford, Jr. (@JerryFordJr) August 21, 2016
Some White Lives Matter supporters, however, suggested the movement was a tit-for-tat response.
“Very few blacks were on board with All Lives Matter, so we are doing our own thing now,” wrote one on Twitter. “White Lives Matter.”
“We expect every race to be proud of who they are,” Reed said on Fox26. “We're out there fighting for our rights just like everyone should.”
Many portrayed White Lives Matter and Black Lives Matter as equivalents.
“Black Lives Matter is allowed. Why not White Lives Matter?” wrote one. “It's either both of them or none of them. Pick one.”
“I don't want to hear ‘White lives matter.' I don't want to hear ‘Black lives matter,'” wrote former Republican member of congress Joe Walsh, who has their own controversial history involving BLM. “Only ‘All lives matter.' Got it? Good. Now grow up.”
Critics, however, said equating the two movements was absurd as it ignored centuries of slavery and institutionalized racism in America.
The fact that “White Lives Matter” is even a thing just proves that too many white people don't understand what “Black Lives Matter” means. — a girl is no one (@OhNoSheTwitnt) August 22, 2016
"White Lives Matter" has a silent "only," whereas "Black Lives Matter" has a silent "also." One is racism, the other a call for equality. — David Harris-Gershon (@David_EHG) August 22, 2016
The major difference: Black Lives Matter (Too)
White Lives Matter (More) Remember that. — X (@XLNB) August 22, 2016
Anybody who thinks White Lives Matter is at all on the same level as Black Lives Matter is a lost cause. I don't have the energy anymore. — Raquel Willis (@RaquelWillis_) August 22, 2016
Perhaps the most powerful response came from Andre Smith, a young black man and the son of NAACP Houston's executive director, Yolanda Smith.
“So this is what the Houston branch of the NAACP looked liked today,” they wrote under a photo of the protest posted on Instagram. “White supremacist protested with Confederate flags and banners that read ‘White lives matter.'
“Little did they know the executive director of this particular branch birthday was today, which so happens to be my mom. So we spent the day celebrating a black life that did matter and will continue to do great work at this place you protest! Thank you and try again! #blacklivesmatter #NAACP”
1 of 51 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The Confederate flag on display, from 1938 to today View Photos Public moments featuring the Confederate flag. Caption Public moments featuring the Confederate flag. June 21, 2015 A Confederate flag is reflected in the window of a gift shop that sells them in Seligman, Ariz. Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
More from Morning Mix
As Congo's globe-threatening yellow fever pandemic explodes, people ask ‘where is the vaccine?'
Indian surgeons amazed to find 40 knives in patient's stomach. He's fine now.
An inexpensive, solar-powered ambulance that can fit down narrow lane-ways is set to hit the road in rural Bangladesh this year, its manufacturers say.
The three-wheeled van, as well-equipped as ambulances used in Bangladesh's cities, runs entirely on solar power, including solar battery power at night, and can be used in rural areas with no grid electricity, according to the developers.
Brac university, a government organisation and a local vehicle manufacturer who are collaborating on the vehicle say it should for the first time bring ambulance service to rural areas without it.
The vehicle is in the field testing stage and there are plans to launch it by the end of 2017.
In many rural areas, emergency patients are often taken to hospital in hand-pulled rickshaw vans. But the new, small three-wheeler ambulance will fit along narrow roads in rural areas where it is difficult for larger ambulances to run.
Zahidul Islam, a farmer in Saturia in Manikgonj district, said that when their first child was born their wife had a difficult delivery and was taken to the nearby clinic in a hand-pulled rickshaw, a trip that took too much time. "If I had taken them to hospital a little earlier, they would have had fewer complications," they said. But larger vehicles could not reach their house, they said.
They believe that faster, smaller ambulances would be helpful for rural people.
Safe and comfortable
Kamal Hossain, a driver who has tested a prototype of the ambulance, said that it was safe and comfortable to drive on both smooth and rough surfaces, and went at a good speed.
AKM Abdul Malek Azad, the project's team leader and a professor at Brac University in Dhaka, said that most rural community health clinics cannot afford conventional ambulance services, but that the new ambulance would be cheap to buy and to run.
"I thought a low-cost ambulance service would be a good idea for these rural clinics. And by using solar power we can reduce operational costs and save the environment," they said.
The ambulance is expected to cost $1,900 to $2,500, a fraction of the price of conventional ambulances, which can cost at least $30,000 in Bangladesh.
Brac University's Control and Applications Research Centre is running the project in association with vehicle manufacturer Beevatech. Financing comes from the World Bank through Bangladesh's Infrastructure Development Company Limited, with seed funding from the US Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
Race car inspiration
[caption id="attachment_47040" align="aligncenter" width="800"]A rear view of a prototype solar-powered ambulance in Dhaka[/caption]
Azad said that, as far as they are aware, there is no equivalent elsewhere in the world of the solar-powered three-wheeler ambulance their team is developing. The inspiration for it came from solar racing cars in Australia.
"I thought if researchers can develop a solar racing car, there is potential to develop a solar ambulance," they said. A vehicle that would not be reliant for power on Bangladesh's overburned national power grid would be a bonus, they explained.
The new ambulance can accommodate three people. It has a maximum speed of 15-20 km per hour, and a range of up to 50 km. By day it is powered by four 100-watt solar panels on the roof. At night it runs on four 12-volt batteries, which are charged from the solar panels.
"The last layer of the development includes installation of a battery charging station (at a hospital or other site close by) that is completely fuelled by a solar canopy," Azad said. "This step is taken to ensure complete independence of these electrically assisted rickshaws from the national grid."
The ambulance's battery can recharge in three to four hours, they said.
Azad said their team has built and tested five prototypes over the past year. The new ambulances are expected to hit the roads at the end of 2017.
They expect that buyers will include community clinics across the country run by the Brac non-governmental organisation. Azad says officials of the Brac Health and Nutrition Programme have assured the team they will consider using the vehicles in their clinics.
Dr Shahana Nazneen of the Brac Health and Nutrition Population Programme said that the vehicles are cost-effective and should be affordable for rural hospitals.
Habibur Rahman Khan, an additional secretary at the Health Ministry in charge of hospitals, agreed that the low-cost ambulance would help the ministry boost health facilities in rural areas.
"We will certainly consider purchasing (them) for rural hospitals," they said.
Image copyright Google Image caption Watford's Fullerians Rugby Club said the tripping-up was "out of character" for the parent
A parent who tripped up an under-16s rugby player during a cup final has been handed a two-year touchline ban, the BBC has learned.
The Rugby Football Union's (RFU) decision followed the Hertfordshire Shield game between Watford's Fullerians and Royston on 27 April.
The father of a Fullerians' player was caught on camera making contact with a Royston player with their foot.
A spokesperson for the Watford club said the action was "out of character".
It was when Royston, who eventually won 64-5, looked about to score another try that the father stuck out their foot and sent the youngster flying. The player was unhurt.
Some ropes were in place for the game to keep spectators back from the touchline, but officials said the man had walked around the pitch away from them.
Fullerians' originally banned the man for six matches and put them on probation.
Father 'apologised'
An RFU source told the BBC the punishment was handed out following an investigation by the Hertfordshire RFU with advice from Twickenham.
"The person involved has been banned from standing on the touchline for two years, they said.
"One year of the ban is suspended so they can return to watch games in a year, depending on good behaviour."
The RFU said it did not want to identify the father involved because it may have an impact on some of the other youngsters involved in the game.
Fullerians said the action was "out of character" for the father involved and that "he had apologised to everyone".
news Pay TV giant Foxtel has confirmed reports that it will block the remaining seasons of HBO's popular Game of Thrones series from being offered in Australia hours after the show is released in the US, due to an exclusive deal with the show's producer HBO signed in October last year.
Game of Thrones — based on George R. R. Martin's hit fantasy book series A Song of Ice and Fire — has leapt into the top ratings as one of the most popular television shows in Australia and globally over the past several years. However, at the same time, it has seen record levels of piracy in Australia due to the fact that it has not been available on free to air television, and has only recently been made available locally in a timely fashion through Apple's iTunes platform after each episode airs in the US.
Analysis by file-sharing news site TorrentFreak published last month, for example, showed that Australia continued to be the world's most enthusiastic nation globally in terms of illegally downloading Game of Thrones, despite the fact that the series was made available legally, cheaply and in high quality in Australia shortly after it was broadcast in the US, through platforms such as Apple's iTunes and the Foxtel pay TV service.
According to an article published by TorrentFreak in early April, the first episode of the third season of the hit TV series had been downloaded over a million times illegally via the BitTorrent file-sharing platform at that point, with a record number of people sharing the episode.
Australia was the third most prevalent nation for Game of Thrones downloads, according to the site, with some 9.9 percent of those downloading the file residing in Australia. On a per capita basis, due to Australia's small population, this means that Australia is the world's most prolific nation when it comes to pirating Game of Thrones. “The number three spot for Australia is impressive and with a population of just over 22 million people it has the highest piracy rate,” wrote TorrentFreak. “Looking at other cities we see that most downloads come from London, before Paris and Sydney.”
The high rates of piracy have spurred calls form authorities such as US ambassador to Australia Jeffrey Bleich for Australians to stop pirating the show and buy it legally. However, the only avenues for Australians to do so are to sign up for a costly ongoing Foxtel subscription, or to purchase it through iTunes at a rate of $33.99 per season — about the same price as buying the DVDs. IPTV streaming service Quickflix has also pledged to bring the show to Australia, but has not confirmed if it will stream Game of Thrones locally on a timely basis after each episode is aired in the US.
However, it was revealed this week that even the iTunes option would soon be denied to those fans who want to watch Game of Thrones on a similar timeline as US residents.
Asked about the issue, a Foxtel spokesperson told Delimiter this afternoon that in October last year, Foxtel had signed what it described at the time (media release here in PDF format) as “a landmark agreement” with the US cable giant, which would see HBO drama content come “first and fast to Foxtel”.
“Under the arrangement pay per view opportunities to see HBO dramas will be possible after the broadcast of the last program in a series,” Foxtel's spokesperson said today. “However, in the case of season 3 of Game of Thrones and season 6 of True Blood (but not subsequent series of either show) pay per view is possible 24 hours after the broadcast of individual episodes.”
The deal effectively means — reading between Foxtel's lines — that this current season 3 of Game of Thrones, as well as the current season of the similarly popular vampire drama True Blood — will be the last that will be available in Australia in a timely fashion through IPTV platforms such as iTunes, for individual purchase hours after each episode of the shows air in the US. Fans will eventually still be able to buy the shows online — but only after each season has finished, with Foxtel having a local monopoly on timely viewing of each episode.
The revelation has immediately been heavily criticised by commentators. Fairfax commentator and author John Birmingham wrote on their blog today: “Foxtel, oh Foxtel … Oh, no, let me guess. You figured that by removing a timely and legitimate method for viewers to watch the show within a couple of hours of its US release, you would force a handful of extra punters to take out one of your lousy subscriptions? Well here's a slow, sad little golf clap for you, Foxtel.”
And Hydrapinion commentator Adam Turner stated their opinion that “for every new subscriber these HBO and BBC deals win I suspect that several other viewers will finally turn to the BitTorrent channel to source their favourite shows”.
opinion/analysis
What. A. Big. Fat. Fucking. Joke. Screw you, Foxtel. It doesn't get much more anti-competitive than this. If you want to watch Game of Thrones in Australia, it turns out, you can't just pay $33-odd per season any more, at least for Season 4 and beyond. You'll need to pony up a cool $47 per month for Foxtel's essentials package, plus another $25 a month for Foxtel's Movies and Premium Drama offering. Well screw that. I'm not personally going to pay for a whole pay TV package just because I want to watch one series from HBO. This may be enough for me to boycott the series altogether, or I may just buy the Blu-rays in a few years' time. I've read the books a few times anyway, so no great loss.
While I'm on this rant, screw you, HBO, just as much as Foxtel. Why the hell a cable TV operator like HBO would want to lock up its content exclusively to a single company in a market such as Australia really beats me. Isn't about producing content all about having people consume it? Ultimately, of course, what it probably comes down to is money. Foxtel has no doubt thrown down a huge wad of cash for HBO to gorge itself on — likely far more than HBO would get through individuals buying Game of Thrones on iTunes or through selling Game of Thrones through free to air TV stations.
It's great news for Foxtel, and great news for HBO. The only stakeholder which loses out here is the actual Australians who want to watch Game of Thrones. But then … when have they mattered to such large companies? And the inevitable will result: I suspect many people reading this article right now are thinking: “Righty-oh-then. BitTorrent it is.”
Image credit: Still from Game of Thrones
Actor Noah Wyle has been arrested after taking part in a protest against government spending cuts in Washington, D.C.
The former E.R. star joined more than 100 members of the ADAPT organisation on Capitol Hill on Monday to voice their opposition to plans to reduce funding for the Medicaid programme, which the activists fear may force the elderly and disabled out of their homes to seek treatment in nursing facilities.
But the protest was cut short when police handcuffed demonstrators, many of whom were in wheelchairs, and took them into custody after they refused to abandon the campaign.
Wyle isn't the first actor to face trouble for joining political protests in the capital this year – their former E.R. co-star George Clooney was arrested and charged with disorderly crossing a police line in Washington, D.C. last month while raising awareness about the humanitarian crisis in the newly-independent South Sudan.
–WENN
Missing Serial? Get your podcast fix with these fascinating design and architecture shows.
99% Invisible
Roman Mars hosts this weekly exploration of design and architecture, which dives into the creation of everyday items from flags to pinball machines and shares fascinating stories and historical reports on topics such as knock-off cities in China, bubble houses, and a town in Arizona inhabited by people with chemical sensitivities—all in just about 20 minutes. 99percentinvisible.org
After the Jump
Design*Sponge founder and blogger extraordinaire Grace Bonney sits down with artists, designers, and makers to discuss their processes and the business challenges they face. The show, which recently had its 100th episode, draws big names (including interior designer Thom Filicia and architecture critic Alexandra Lange), as well as many up-and-coming entrepreneurs and creators you'll want to know about. heritageradionetwork.com
Design Matters with Debbie Millman
Since 2005 designer and educator Debbie Millman has been interviewing the most interesting figures in the industry for their Cooper Hewitt National Design Award–winning podcast Design Matters. The show, which is now part of the Design Observer Group, offers insightful conversations with editors, curators, creative directors, illustrators, designers, and writers. With over 200 episodes to explore, you're sure to find one that speaks to your particular passion. soundcloud.com/designmatters
Archispeak
Go inside the industry with architects Cormac Phalen, Neal Pann, and Evan Troxel, as they cover everything from the practical and the topical (studying for the Architectural Registration Examination, value engineering, the underrepresentation of women in the field) to the offbeat (ways famous architects have died, architecture questions from third graders). archispeakpodcast.com
DnA Design and Architecture
From KCRW in Los Angeles, Frances Anderton hosts a fascinating look at the latest design and architecture news in the City of Angels (and occasionally beyond), featuring interviews with the people shaping the city's future. There's also a bit of Hollywood insight, with items on set and costume design, and contributions from an array of design journalists. kcrw.com
AIA Podnet
The American Institute of Architects has been producing AIA Podnet since 2006, and with nearly 300 episodes, it has become a valuable resource for industry vets and newcomers to learn about the issues around the globe impacting the field. A revolving cast of professionals discusses architectural history, preservation, sustainability, and the ins and outs of running a firm, while top architects including Tom Kundig stop by to discuss their careers. aia.org/podnet
On the Grid
Designers Dan Auer, Andy Mangold, and Matt McInerney are at the helm of this weekly discussion of the way design intersects with our lives. Their casual conversations offer an interesting peek at what's on the minds of designers, whether it's AB testing or the situation in Ferguson, Missouri. 5by5.tv/onthegrid/
The Urbanist
Under Monocle's radio network, editor Andrew Tuck presents an exploration of the rapid evolution of modern cities and the people driving the changes. The weekly look at urbanism examines everything from water to crime to how ugly buildings get built. monocle.com
The Observatory
For the Design Observer Group's latest podcast, founders Michael Bierut and Jessica Helfand delve into world news and their favorite design discoveries. The monthly show began in November and has already weighed in on currency design, Ebola, London taxis, Stephen Sondheim, and the midterm elections. itunes.com
* *
Tucked in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains in Pasadena, California, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) looks and feels like a high-security college campus for engineering nerds. From the streetlight banners celebrating the latest satellite launch to the bungee rocket toys in the gift shop, the facility—which is formally a part of the California Institute of Technology—leaves no doubt about its mission: “It is really an aerospace company,” is how Jay Famiglietti, NASA's senior water scientist who runs a project called the Western States Water Mission, puts it. The vast majority of JPL's thousands of employees are engineers and technicians who build robots and rockets to ship into space. Scientists like Famiglietti are there to make sure that all that hardware serves some sort of greater purpose benefitting humanity. Right now, for their research team, that purpose is mapping the dwindling water supply of the drought-gripped western United States.
Famiglietti is a hydrologist—a specialist in the world's water systems. Before they arrived at JPL, they were accustomed to looking at rivers, oceans, and aquifers from ground level. Now, as a NASA researcher, they look at them from space. Their project seeks to create a computer model that will track and predict the movement of every concentration of water in the western part of the country: how much snow is in the mountains, how much moisture is in the soil, how much groundwater the aquifers contain, how much water is in the rivers and how quickly it's flowing, where floods will occur, and what's the water volume of the reservoirs. Once their team shows it can be done regionally, they will expand the project to a global scale.
The ongoing drought presents an obvious case for such an undertaking, as do the outdated methods we use to measure water concentration. Nearly two-thirds of California's water supply comes from snowmelt out of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, but estimates of the volume of snowpack are rough at best. As they have been doing for over a century, state surveyors make their estimates by planting measuring poles in a handful of locations in the mountains. They complement that method with a technology they have been using since the 1980s: scattering the landscape with scales that weigh the snow that falls on them.
To measure the volume of the aquifers, which are being depleted in California at a catastrophic rate, researchers can't do much better than making educated guesses based on how far wells have to be drilled in order to hit water tables. Even reservoirs defy accurate measurement, due to our limited understanding of the ways that sediment settles and how that changes the shape of lake floors. “Hydrology is nothing but a data gap,” Cédric David, a young, scruffy French hydrologist on Famiglietti's team, who specializes in river systems, told me. “Pretty much, we don't know anything.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The spill flooded homes, roads and fields with toxic waste
Emergency services in Hungary are trying to stop a torrent of toxic red sludge flowing into major waterways, including the River Danube.
A state of emergency has been declared in three western counties after the chemical waste burst from a reservoir at an alumina plant.
Four people are known to have died, with 120 injured. Six more are missing.
At least seven villages and towns are affected including Devecser, where the torrent was 2m (6.5ft) deep.
The flood swept cars from roads and damaged bridges and houses, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of residents.
The sludge - a mixture of water and mining waste containing heavy metals - is considered hazardous, according to Hungary's National Directorate General for Disaster Management (NDGDM).
While the cause of the deaths has not been established officially, it is believed the victims probably drowned.
Some 600,000-700,000 cubic metres (21m-24m cubic feet) of sludge escaped from the plant, 160km (100 miles) from the capital, Budapest.
With 7,000 people affected directly by the disaster, a state of emergency was declared in the county of Veszprem where the spill occurred, and Gyor-Moson-Sopron and Vas, where the sludge appeared to be heading.
At least 390 residents have been relocated and 110 rescued from flooded areas, the NDGDM said.
Nearly 500 police officers and soldiers, including six emergency detection teams, have been deployed. Plaster has been poured into the Marcal river in a bid to bind the sludge and stop further flooding.
Dr Attila Nyikos, of the NDGDM, told the BBC News website that a police investigation had been opened and tests were still being carried out to determine the environmental impact of the leak.
Burn injuries
Zoltan Illes, state secretary for the environment ministry, visited Kolontar on Tuesday and described the flood as the worst chemical accident in Hungary's history.
An alert has been declared on both the Marcal and Torna rivers, and Mr Illes said workers were "desperately" trying to stop contamination of the Raba and Danube rivers.
The clean-up operation could take up to 18 months, the minister told the BBC, and would require a "really vast amount of money" that would probably require an application for financial or technical support from the EU.
Tamas Toldi, mayor of Devecser, told MTI news agency that between 80 and 90 people had been taken to hospital with chemical burns.
Dr Nyikos said the victims had probably been drowned by the sludge, which had flowed out with the speed of water.
The sludge triggers an alkaline reaction on the skin but the effect can be neutralised by washing with plenty of fresh water, they said.
Peter Jakabos, a doctor at a hospital in Gyor where several of the injured were taken, said on state TV that some burns could take days to reveal themselves and what might seem like superficial injuries could later cause damage to deeper tissue.
One eyewitness in Devecser, Robert Kis, said their uncle had been taken to Budapest by helicopter after the sludge "burnt them to the bone".
Alumina, a synthetically produced aluminium oxide, is a white or nearly colourless crystalline substance that is used as a starting material for the smelting of aluminium metal.
It also serves as the raw material for a broad range of advanced ceramic products and as an active agent in chemical processing.
'Not hazardous'
Weeks of heavy rain are likely to have played a role in the accident, the BBC's Nick Thorpe reports from Budapest.
The sludge escaped from a reservoir at the Ajkai Timfoldgyar plant in the town of Ajka. Police say they have confiscated documents from the company's headquarters.
MAL Rt, the Hungarian company which owns the plant, earlier said that by EU standards the sludge had not been considered hazardous.
There had been no sign of the impending disaster and the last examination of the reservoir pond on Monday had shown nothing untoward, it added.
It said it believed the company management "could not have noticed the signs of the natural catastrophe nor done anything to prevent it even while carefully respecting technological procedures".
The sludge flooded 19 streets in Devecser and two in Kolontar, where at least three of the four deaths occurred. Five other areas were under threat.
Rescue workers used an axe to cut through the living room door of Mr Kis's house in Devecser, to let the red liquid flow out, the Associated Press news agency reports.
"When I heard the rumble of the flood, all the time I had was to jump out the window and run to higher ground," said their wife, Tunde Erdelyi.
The Hungarian government said it was not seeking any international assistance for the time being.
The state-run People's Daily is trumpeting a big win by the Chinese internet czar Lu Wei:
While there was no other information available on the paper's website, the tweet echoes a report in the Beijing News (link in Chinese) that Apple chief executive Tim Cook informed Lu last month that Apple would let China's State Internet Information Office conduct “security checks” on all products that it sells on the mainland. China has been concerned that Apple devices like the iPhone enable the company—or worse, US intelligence agencies—to spy on Chinese citizens.
“There were rumors that Apple built back doors in its devices, and let third parties have data and access those devices, but that was never true and that we would never do that in the future either,” Cook reportedly said. Lu Wei responded, according to the Beijing News, by saying: “It doesn't matter what you say, you should let our internet safety department do a safety assessment. We need to reach our own conclusions to put the consumer at ease.”
What would “security checks” entail? Apple hasn't provided any information on the matter and did not respond to requests for comment. But analysts said the most likely interpretation is that the company is giving Beijing access to its operating system source code in return for being able to continue to do business in China—arguably Apple's most important market, but one that has been imperiled by regulatory obstacles.
“Handing over source code [would] mean that the Chinese government will know exactly how an Apple software works,” said Percy Alpha, a pseudonymous founder of the anti-censorship group GreatFire.org.
Inside knowledge would make it much easier for the Chinese government to find bugs and vulnerabilities in Apple's products, they said, and “the government can then exploit such vulnerabilities to hack iPhone or MacBooks.” Hackers tried to infiltrate Apple's iCloud servers in China in October, according to GreatFire, in an attempt to steal user credentials. In November, Apple blocked access to apps that were designed to steal data from Chinese iPhone users.
Most alarmingly, Alpha added, an agreement would mean that “Apple users world-wide are much more vulnerable to spying from the Chinese government.”
An Apple spokesperson did not reply to an emailed request for comment. A voicemail left on Apple's “media hotline” number in Hong Kong was not returned, nor was a email sent to the company's PR team in Hong Kong.
Other analysts agreed Apple had probably promised to turn over its source code to China's government, but disagreed about the consequences.
The access would allow the Chinese government to “run spot checks” on how Apple is protecting user information, and to determine whether other intelligence agencies are trying to snoop on China, said Ben Cavender, a principal at China Market Research Group in Shanghai.
If that is in fact what has been agreed, it's a landmark deal, Cavender said, and Apple has not generally provided such information to other governments.
“This is a unique situation where China is such an important market to Apple, and they need to be in it. They don't have the leverage they might ordinarily have,” they said. Still, Cavendish said any agreement would be limited in scope.
“I find it improbable that the Chinese government will have access to anything outside China,” Cavender said. And if the Chinese government did manage to snoop Apple users or services outside the country, “someone at Apple would probably notice,” they said, which would limit the risk for Apple's worldwide customer base.
Inside China, users are likely to be blasé about any attempts by the government to use its access to snoop on Apple users. “People here kind of operate under the assumption that the government is already looking at what they're doing,” Cavender said.
1 The Usual Suspects -- Keyser Soze Purposefully Undoes Their Entire Plan
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Plot Twist
The twist at the end of The Usual Suspects is universally recognized as one of the greatest ever. If you haven't seen the movie, stop reading this article and go watch it. That was awesome, right? OK, now let us ruin it for you forever.
The whole movie centers around the mystery of the identity of Keyser Soze, a brutal mobster and not a delicious deli sandwich like one would have thought. The story is narrated by crippled con artist Verbal Kint (Kevin Spacey) as he's interrogated by the police after being found at the scene of a perfectly good drug deal heist gone wrong.
The only other survivor of the heist is a badly burned Hungarian, and what do you know, just as Kint leaves the police station, a fax gets sent in with the Hungarian's description of Soze's face ...
"Holy shit! Put out an APB for Phil Collins, NOW!"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That's right, bitches -- Verbal Kint is Keyser Soze.
Hold On, Now ...
The movie makes it clear that the "drug heist" was actually just an excuse for Soze to kill the one man who knew their face. In that case, why stick around and show said face to everyone?
While it's clear that Kint was making all kinds of shit up during their questioning, let's look at the things we do know, the stuff that happens outside of their story. We see the beginning sequence of Soze leaving the scene of the heist with the cops nowhere in sight ...
The bunny ears turned out to be a red herring.
... meaning that they could have escaped before the cops got there, but for some reason didn't. Did this guy seriously create an elaborate boat heist with four other men so they could sneak in and shoot the one man who can ID them ... and then stand around and wait for the cops to ID him?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
They even willfully talked to the cops, despite having been granted immunity (meaning they could have fucked right off any time), while the Hungarian was describing their appearance somewhere else at the same time. They had no way of knowing when the fax with their face on it would arrive, and yet they still spent hours dicking around in a police station, for absolutely no reason.
Clearly that coffee wasn't as bad as we were led to believe.
Once more, this is all portrayed as a perfectly orchestrated scheme by the world's greatest master criminal, but he's shown walking out of the police station right as the fax that nails them as Soze is scrolling through the machine. Their whole plan would have collapsed if the cops had chosen to hold them for 30 more seconds, or if the one at the other end had been a bit quicker at dialing.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Burn away these plot holes with the pure, clean power of Cracked's new Star Wars mini-series.
Follow David on the Twitter or check out their weekly gig over at Film School Rejects.
For more things that just make no damn sense, check out 8 Classic Movies That Got Away With Gaping Plot Holes and 6 Movie Plots That Could Have Been Solved In Minutes.
If you're pressed for time and just looking for a quick fix, then check out The 6 Craziest Animal Products Ever Patented.
And stop by LinkSTORM to learn why the Emperor really wasn't that bad of a guy.
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article? Then sign up RIGHT NOW and pitch your first article today! Do you possess expert skills in image creation and manipulation? Mediocre? Even rudimentary? Are you frightened by MS Paint and simply have a funny idea? You can create an infographic and you could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow!
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed. Are you on Google+? So are we!
The chairperson of the centre-right Free Democratic Party of Germany, Christian Lindner, said Angela Merkel's credibility will be “badly tarnished” if they fail to win a European deal for the migrant crisis at the next European Union (EU) summit, such that they should have to ask the Bundestag for a vote of confidence in their government.
“We cannot simply ignore the remarks of Horst Seehofer [Chancellor Merkel's coalition partner who has expressed concern at the amount of migrants since last year],” Mr. Lindner said, “the massive quarrels and deep distrust paralyse the entire government in one of the greatest tests to our country.”
As more party members within the ranks of the ruling coalition express doubt in the ability of the chancellor to lead Germany through the crisis, Mr. Lindner remarked that there was a need for the German people and the German government to have clarity on how many politicians within the Bundestag still support the chancellor and their failed policies.
“Either they have the confidence of their coalition, and so may continue their current policy, or they don't,” they said.
There are very few politicians in Berlin and elsewhere in Germany who seem to agree with the way the migrant crisis has been and is being handled. Many like Lindner are pushing hard for a European solution to the crisis, but with the actions of states like the Visegrad 4 bloc of Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Czech Republic (V4) simply rejecting the idea of taking in any migrants, the plans are falling apart.
The next EU summit in Brussels will occur this Thursday and Friday and was originally scheduled to focus entirely on the looming possibility of a British exit from the union as polls continue to grow in support of Brexit. Migration has been tacked on to the agenda, by Mrs. Merkel and the last remaining true believers of their policies, in order to try and force through what is seen to be their last attempt at a European solution to the migrant crisis.
Many European leaders like the V4 have seen the horrors of violence, sexual assaults and crime that has plagued Germany since the crisis began last year and have no interest in importing it to their own countries. As Breitbart London reported, one of Chancellor Merkel's last true believers went so far as to say that the chancellor would “convert” the misogynistic migrants, perhaps in an attempt to relieve the cautious attitudes of the new Eastern Bloc.
Story highlights Study: Donor and recipient cells can coexist in one person
In some patients, the method tricked immune system into accepting donated kidney
When it works, patients become a sort of medical rarity called a chimera
This is only a preliminary study; more research needs to be done
By the time Lindsay Porter had their kidneys removed two years ago, they were bulging -- covered in cysts -- and together weighed 16 pounds.
Them abdominal area was so distended, "I looked nine months pregnant, and people regularly asked when I was due," Porter said.
As they prepared for a transplant to address their polycystic kidney disease, Porter, 47, had mixed feelings -- relief to have found a donor, tinged with resignation. They were looking forward to both a new kidney, and a lifetime on immune system-suppressing drugs.
"You get this brand new shiny kidney, and then they give you drugs that eventually destroy it," said Porter.
But that scenario may eventually change, if results of a new pilot study are replicated in a larger group of patients. The study, published Wednesday in the journal Science Translational Medicine, describes eight kidney transplant patients, including Porter, who received a stem cell therapy that allowed donor and recipient immune cells to coexist in the same body.
The effect, in a handful of those patients, was to trick the recipient's immune system into recognizing the donated kidney as its own.
When it works, patients become a sort of medical rarity called a chimera.
"Chimerism is a condition wherein two different genetic cell populations are present in the body, and both cell types are tolerated," said Dr. Anthony Atala, director of the Institute for Regenerative Medicine at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, via e-mail.
"This has been the holy grail for solid organ transplantation for more than half a century," said Dr. Joseph Leventhal, a transplant surgeon at Northwestern Memorial Hospital and study co-author. "It has been an elusive goal to be able to do this in mismatched donor and recipient combos."
In order to circumvent the problems that come with a mismatched donor and recipient, researchers at Northwestern University and the University of Louisville harvest bone marrow stem cells from the kidney donor. Those stem cells are then subjected to an 18-hour process in the lab to remove problematic cells thought to be responsible for rejection.
"We developed a way to process bone marrow to take up bad cells and leave in good cells," said Dr. Suzanne Ildstad, a study co-author and director of the Institute of Cellular Therapeutics at the University of Louisville.
The stem cell concoction is then frozen and set aside for the kidney transplant recipient.
The next step for Porter and other patients involved in the study was to get a low dose of radiation and a drug cocktail. The combination effectively destroyed some of their own bone marrow to create room for the donor's stem cells to commingle with their own.
After the kidney transplant, patients receive an infusion of the concoction containing the donor's stem cells.
"By having these new cells in the bloodstream, it is like a draw at the OK Corral," said Atala, also chairperson of the urology department at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center. "Neither cell type in the bloodstream will attack the other and tolerance of the cells in the bloodstream, and also of the organ, occurs."
At least, that is what happened for Porter. After their transplant, they spent six months on a full slate of immune-suppressing drugs and then was slowly weaned off them. For the past seven months, they have been free of immune-suppressing drugs.
Another patient involved in the study has been off of immune-suppressants for two years, said Leventhal.
"I really do have to remind myself that I had the transplant," said Porter. "I feel so normal, and the more normal I feel, the more amazing the whole thing seems."
"To free someone from the specter of lifelong immunosuppression is very gratifying," said Ildstad, who has equity interest in a start-up biotech company involved in the study. "I'm getting more and more optimistic that we really will have impact on quality of life for transplant recipients."
Porter is among five patients for whom the stem cell therapy worked. The other patients involved in the study were not able to fully give up their anti-rejection drugs, but remain on a lower dose, according to Leventhal.
For the past seven months, Porter has not had to take any immune-suppressing drugs.
"It's another big step towards understanding how to achieve tolerance, so that's good," said Dr. Bryan Becker, spokesperson for the National Kidney Foundation and chief medical officer at the University of Illinois. "With that said, this is a lot to put a patient through. You're talking about the same type of treatment you'd give a patient who has leukemia. ... That's not usual for a patient with kidney failure."
It is not known why the therapy works for some patients and not others. But the possiblity of offering a life without immune-suppressing drugs for the more than 100,000 patients awaiting organ transplants is what drives scientists like Ildstad and Leventhal.
"Immunosuppressants increase risk of cancer, certain infections and have other side effects," said Leventhal, an associate professor of surgery at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. "They can promote diabetes, hypertension and bone disease. They're toxins."
According to an editorial accompanying the study, if this method works for kidneys -- and other complex organs like the liver, heart and lung -- it could be a game-changer.
"Although only a taste of things to come, few transplant developments in the past half-century have been more enticing than these that put transplantation tolerance within our grasp," wrote James F. Markmann and Tatsuo Kawai, transplant experts at Massachusetts General Hospital.
A string of corruption scandals led to Ehud Olmert's resignation as PM Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been named as a prime suspect in major corruption scandal. Mr Olmert is accused of taking bribes when they were the mayor of Jerusalem to speed up a controversial residential development in the heart of the city. Appearing on television, Mr Olmert - who is on trial in another corruption case - denied any involvement and urged people not to jump to conclusions. Their successor as mayor, Uri Lupolianski, was arrested on Wednesday. A judiciary spokesperson said Mr Lupolianski was suspected of receiving bribes, money laundering, fraud, breach of trust, tax avoidance and conspiracy, in connection with the Holyland property development. The controversial circle of high-rise luxury apartment blocks in West Jerusalem is regarded by many Jerusalem residents as an eyesore. 'Baseless rumours' Mr Olmert was plagued by multiple corruption scandals while serving as prime minster between 2006 and 2009 - and has so far been indicted over three separate cases. Police have closed two others. I was never offered bribes and I never took bribes from anybody in any matter, in any form, either directly or indirectly
Ehud Olmert
Ehud Olmert: Corruption allegations Profile: Ehud Olmert In a pre-recorded statement shown on television on Thursday, they applauded the decision to lift the court order barring publication of details about the investigation into the "Holyland affair" and denied any wrongdoing. "I praise the decision to lift the gag order," they said. "In any event, my name had appeared throughout the media and nobody had any doubt who was the person mentioned that everybody was talking about." Israeli media had reported that a high-ranking official, named only as AA (the same letters as their initials in Hebrew), was alleged to have received, through intermediaries, 3.5m shekels ($940,000) in bribes. Mr Olmert said the allegations were "baseless rumours" and that they had been the victim of "unprecedented character assassination". "I was never offered bribes and I never took bribes from anybody in any matter, in any form, either directly or indirectly," they added. "I am ready to be questioned by the police, and I am at their disposition at all times, whenever they consider it useful." Many Jerusalem residents regard the Holyland complex as an eyesore Mr Olmert said they had "supported the Holyland project from the start, when it was just three hotels meant to strengthen tourism in Jerusalem" and a number of homes for middle-class non-Orthodox Israelis, but that the plans were changed after they ceased to be mayor in 2003. Police say a major change to a zoning law was made to allow residential units rather than just hotels to be built, and that the number of homes in the high-rise development was increased twelvefold after bribes were paid. Mr Olmert has not yet been questioned by investigators, and no charges have been filed against them or any of the seven people - including Mr Lupolianski and Mr Olmert's former lawyer, Uri Messer - who have been arrested in connection with what they say is a "vast affair", of which the Holyland scandal is part. Police say Mr Lupolianski, an orthodox rabbi who was deputy mayor under Mr Olmert from 1993 to 2003 and then served as mayor themselves until 2008, received more than 3m shekels ($810,000) in bribes from the developers in return for helping to advance the project. They deny the allegations, telling Channel 10 news on Wednesday: "This was 20 years ago. I don't know why everyone suddenly remembers now. A deputy mayor has no responsibility." "The mayor is the one who decides... who chooses the path."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a farm in Wyoming, there a few unusual goats. From the outside, you would be unable to tell them apart from any other goats. But the Wyoming animals are special in that scientists can spin spider silk from their milk.
This may seem like a science fiction story, but it is not the product of anyone's imagination. It is work made possible by the achievements of science and engineering, in particular by the development of technologies such as genetic engineering (genetic modification or GM, for UK readers) and its 2.0 version, synthetic biology.
Inside the DNA of every living organism, there is a set of rules that determines what the organism does and what it looks like. As biological research advanced, scientists learnt how to read and manipulate this genetic code and begun altering it by adding genetic information of an individual — typically associated to its useful features — into the code of another individual (not necessarily of the same species). Some bacteria, for example, have been genetically engineered for over 30 years to produce human insulin to treat diabetes.
Synthetic biology takes genetic engineering to another level. According to a 2008 briefing by the Parliamentary Office of Science and Technology in the UK, “established DNA research methods involve using genetic material from existing organisms,” while “synthetic biology is free of this constraint.” Some synthetic biologists use computers and laboratory chemicals to design and build biological parts, from a single gene to the entire genetic code, from scratch. Others, more closely related to established genetic engineers, re-design existing DNA building-blocks to give unnatural characteristics to existing organisms.
Dr Randy Lewis, the molecular biologist behind the silk-producing goats, is one of these re-designers who “puts pieces together” in ways natural biology could never do. Their team began sequencing genes related to spider-silk production back in 1989. From studying this gene, they were able to understand better how spiders transform liquid proteins into strong silk fibres, and how the proteins' structure is related to the incredible strength and elasticity of these fibres.
“We're trying to alter both the strength and elasticity of the natural silks,” Lewis said in 2005 to National Geographic. “We've made a number of different synthetic genes based on what we found in natural silks — but altered in ways to make them even stronger and more flexible.”
To mass produce the custom-designed silk, the team needs an organism capable of making the right proteins. While they could simply bet on the natural silks and let spiders do the work themselves, these animals are, in Lewis' words, “territorial and cannibalistic — you can't really farm them in order to mass produce spider webs.” Goats, on the other hand, have been farmed for millennia.
Lewis — following up on work by Nexia Biotechnologies — had goats produce the silk proteins in their milk by adding the synthetic gene into their genetic code. The process is very tightly regulated so there are no harmful effects on the goats. Aside from those special proteins in their milk, the Wyoming animals are perfectly normal.
A transgenic baby “spider-goat” (photo: Holly Steinkraus/University of Wyoming, source: Popsci).
“When the goats have kids, and they start lactating, we collect the milk, and we can purify that spider silk protein in much, much higher quantities,” Lewis said to Science Nation, a US National Science Foundation publication. After filtering the proteins from the milk, they are exposed to the air to solidify and then wound onto a roller.
Because spiders have had 400 million years of evolution to perfect their weaving skills, and Lewis' team is only starting, the custom-designed, goat-produced silks are not yet up to standard with their natural counterparts. But they are already stronger than steel and Kevlar — the material used in bulletproof vests — and have elasticities as great as rubber.
Once “spider-goat” silk is ready for mass production, the applications include artificial ligaments and tendons, strong sutures for surgery, and airbags. The US military, which is funding Lewis work, is interested in the silk for other uses such as light-weight bulletproof vests and parachute cables, as well as to repair bones of wounded soldiers.
Applications like these are typically what turns people's attentions away from the possibly disconcerting fact that biologists are capable of giving goats an unnatural function. Similarly, the vast uses of the more extreme form of synthetic biology — create a new organism from scratch — are what drives research in this area, despite ethical objections by some groups. From producing vast quantities of biofuel from renewable sources to creating cells capable of regenerating human tissue, the possibilities brought about by synthetic biology are endless.
This post was inspired by a promotional video on a forthcoming documentary on synthetic biology (which I found out about through Carl Zimmer's blog). The film promises to explore the science behind this technology and its applications, and “it also raises questions about how life is defined, where ethical boundaries ought to be established, and how controllable or wild nature really is,” according to its producers. It should be interesting!
On another note, this was my first post on molecular biology, an area I'm unfamiliar with. If you have any comments, corrections or suggestions to the text, I would be happy to hear from you. Use the comments box below or write to dinnerpartyscience[at]gmail.com.
Advertisements
These will involve gas and oil, freeing Northern Europe of dependence on the Middle East. Germany in effect will become the hub for energy supplies throughout western Europe cutting out Ukraine and the Balkans. If the Eurozone stays together, this will give Germany a tremendous amount of clout.
Enter Greece and the Pigs countries, who no doubt do not want to be at the mercy of Germany. It would seem to me that the current crisis in Greece is not only about the IMF loans and debt default, but it is more about gas and oil pipelines. A pipeline going from Russia through Turkey and into Greece would create an alternate route from Germany. Not only that, but it would create a supply line to the Balkans, Italy and possibly onto Spain and Portugal. This would compliment the ever developing Silk Road project and integration into the Eurasian block. Should Greece leave the EU the offer has been put on the table for them to join the BRICS block.
Which means that there is more at stake here than the IMF and EU loans, or even oil and gas pipelines, because it also involves the TPP and the TTIP, which I elaborated on HERE and HERE. To put it briefly, Eric Zuesse has described it:
“Obama's disastrous 'trade deals' which are actually going to transfer regulatory sovereignty away from elected government officials as at present (who are answerable to voters), and instead move these powers into the hands of international corporate cartels, which will have the final say over the safety of our air, water, automobiles, and other products, and of the environment, and of workers' rights (and which regulations will become answerable instead to the controlling stockholders in those mega-corporations). Mega-corporations will set international standards, which none of the signatory nations within the TPP and TTIP will be legally able to exceed without paying heavy penalties to those corporations for violating those corporations' ‘rights' under these trade-deals. The current ability of individual nations to establish their own standards will disappear, except to the extent that international corporations allow.”
Should Greece stay in the Euro Zone, it will become part of the TTIP agreements. Such agreements have consequences that go way beyond the current debt crisis in Greece or even the route of pipelines. The nature of Democracy and Nation State Sovereignty is at stake. BRICS so far, is not part of these agreements, which is in line with Putin's view of a multi-polar vision of the world as opposed to a uni-polar vision as advocated by Washington. Which brings me to India.
In their article India: The Revolution You Didn't Hear About, Seth Ferris states:
“In India, one of the world's new economic powerhouses, the voters of the nations capital's put the Aam Admi Party (AAP), or “Common Man's Party” into power. It wasn't even close: the AAP won 67 out of the 70 seats, and unseated the local leaders of both the currently-ruling Janata Party, or BJP, and the traditionally ruling Congress Party, the CPI .
When the largest party could not form a government Kejriwal was asked to do so, but they resigned after a few weeks when they couldn't get the other parties to support the anti-corruption bill which had been their main campaign pledge in the 2013 elections. Now the voters have shown what they thought of that by giving them an unarguable platform from which to introduce the legislation the other parties are terrified of seeing passed.”
But here is the most telling part of the article which ties it into the the situation in Greece.
“The other BRICS members will shore up Modi because they don't want similar movements toppling them. This will play into the hands of the AAP, who will portray them as a slave to foreign interests. This will make the AAP more nationalist than the old parties and take away another chunk of their remaining support. However much the Indian media want us to look elsewhere, the signs of a sea change are clearly there. If protest does indeed change the face of this emerging economic giant it can also do so in all its partners. Then alliances will not be worth the paper they are written on, because the old elites signed them, and the very notions of “global interest”, “national interest” and “balance of power” will be brought into question, as there will be no system for them to reflect until a new reality emerges. This is not the new order BRICS members are looking for.”
If India should leave the BRICS block due to the AAP, this will in turn open up it up to agreements to join the Trans Pacific Partnership , and in effect move India out of China's sphere of influence and straight into the arms of, as Ferris puts is, “global interests.”
Which brings me to South Africa. As I pointed out before HERE: South Africa in recent years has become besieged by situations like Marikana, the Xenophobia that has raised it's ugly head in the country and the miners strikes that have crippled the gold and platinum industry along with Gold Price rigging and manipulation that for over 20 years has undermined the GDP of the country. And again I have to ask, is the social and political upheaval the result of either “third force” activity by South African corporations themselves or by outside corporate interest who hope to take over the country through a change of government and bring it into a TPP sphere of influence, especially as all this upheaval has increased ever since South Africa became a member of BRICS and noticeably occurs every time there is a major BRICS meeting. Failing an engineered “colour revolution,” (See HERE, HERE and HERE) as has been experienced in Uktaine with devastating results, playing the “corruption card,” no matter how valid this may be, could result in similar anti-BRICS sentiment as seen in India with the AAP.
But more than this, a recent survey in South African rated corruption as a more pressing issue than terrorism in the eyes of the voters. There has been and still is endemic corruption in the current ruling ANC party. The Arms Deal Scandal for one and Nkandla which occupies the mind of the nation like a regular daily soap opera drama for another. Should corruption be the undoing of the ANC as corruption has been the undoing of the Janata Party and the Congress Party in India, this could open the way for any new political party to break from the BRICS block and in turn align itself with TPP and TTIP agreements.
The question all voters need to ask of their politicians and the political parties, in Greece, in India and in South Africa, is where do they stand on trade agreements such as the TPP and the TTIP and does the BRICS block intend in the future to institute similar trade agreements that have been given fast track in the USA. Without clear-cut and transparent information on these issues, no voter can make an informed decision the next time they go to the ballot box.
Ark Ecosystem — Frequently Asked Questions (September 2017)
Jarunik Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 18, 2017
There are a lot of reoccurring questions on reddit and slack. Here is a short compilation of the most important once. I will try to keep the answer short and to the point.
How can I get Ark?
You have to buy it on an exchange. The current exchanges are:
The current main exchange is Bittrex. You will have to buy Bitcoin (BTC) first and send it to Bittrex. After that you can trade your BTC for Ark.
What do I do with this passphrase ?
The passphrase is the master password for your coins. You have to secure the passphrase in order to keep control over your wallet. With the passphrase you can sign transactions to send your Ark. Do not lose it and do not share it with others or you will lose your coins.
I can't send a transaction because of a wrong passphrase. What should I do?
You can't do anything without the correct passphrase. Please be aware that every character and space counts. Try to remove spaces at the beginning and end. Try to check wrong capital letters. Try to spot wrongly written words. If you do not have the correct passphrase … your coins are lost.
I can't send a transaction because of some times stamp thing. What should i do?
Please synchronize your computer time with the internet. You can google guides how to do that for every OS.
My bittrex withdrawal does not work. Why?
You most likely forgot to confirm the withdrawal. Please check your emails. If it still did not work you should contract bittrex support.
Can I vote from an exchange?
No. You need to send the Ark to the desktop wallet in order to vote.
How can I find and chose a delegate?
The best places to find delegate information are:
How much profit will I get from voting?
You can check profit approximations in one of the calculators:
How much Ark do I need to vote?
The fee to register your vote is currently 1 Ark. Your remaining balance will decide how many profits you will make. Please check profit sharing calculators. Then you can estimate how long it takes to gain back the fee. It is important to check the delegates proposals. Some do have requirements that you need to fulfill in order to get rewards. Some also deduct the transaction fee to pay out the profit from your profit share. If you can find a good delegate it makes sense to vote even with around 100 Ark. But the entire voting system is subject to the ever changing delegate market. Please educate yourself before voting.
Is voting a risk for my wallet?
No. All you can loose is the 1 Ark voting fee. All other coins will stay in your wallet and you have full control over them. Please do not send coins to delegates! That will not count as vote and you might lose your coins.
How can I change my vote?
You can remove the vote registration from a delegate (unvote). Then you best restart the desktop client and vote for the delgate of your choice.
Can I vote for multiple delegates?
You can only vote one delegate from one wallet. If you want to support multiple delegates you will have to create more wallets and split up your funds.
Do i have to re-vote when I receive additional coins in my wallet?
No. The vote contribution will automatically adapt to your wallet balance.
How much do the different transactions cost?
Send Transaction: 0.1 Ark
Vote: 1 Ark
Unvote: 1 Ark
Register second passphrase: 5 Ark
Register a delegate: 25 Ark
Why do I need a second passphrase?
The second passphrases will improve security by adding another 12 words that are needed to control your wallet.
What use have these “Offline” folders in the wallet?
You can use the offline folders to split up your funds within a wallet. This allows you to better manage your Ark without paying any fee. The splitup is local to your computer and not stored on the blockchain.
Do you have more questions?
We got an awesome community willing to help. Please get in contact and ask your question:
And if you can't get help anywhere please contact your delegate.
delegate jarunik
Netflix announced Wednesday that The OA, Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij's otherworldly drama about a blind woman whose sight is mysteriously restored, has been renewed for a second season. Forgive us, though, if we're not exactly interpretive dancing for joy.
This news is certainly welcome for hungry fans yearning for answers to this enigma of a series's many, many unanswered questions: Is Prairie, a.k.a. Nina, a.k.a. The OA, a.k.a. The Original Angel, a.k.a. Brit Marling, telling the truth about their unbelievable past? Even in this show's idiosyncratic universe, can a series of celestial gesticulations really bring people back from the dead? And what, exactly, was Prairie's therapist (a particularly charming Riz Ahmed) doing in their patient's home in the middle of the night during Season 1's finale?
Here's a question for those fans, though: do you really want to know? The OA is strange and beautiful and gripping, a weirdo funhouse that's often even more enjoyable than its network-mate Stranger Things, the nostalgia-soaked sci-fi series it's most frequently compared to. All that said, Marling and Batmanglij's creation is best enjoyed by those willing to go along for the ride, without asking too many questions—those who view it as an incredible, ridiculous story about the incredible nature of storytelling, rather than as an intricate, meticulously plotted-out narrative puzzle designed to be solved.
For proof of that, you need look no further than the way that The OA's creators initially demurred to make any definitive statements about the asupervisorstioned unsolved mysteries: “Whether part of the story is a metaphor, or it is a literal truth, tends to matter less when you get to the end and see that the DNA of the story contains something that just this group needed,” Marling told Variety in December. Going off of statements like this, it seems clear that the story they and their partner are telling is supposed to be ambiguous—much like their previous collaboration, the cult drama Sound of My Voice.
In other words: this ain't exactly Westworld. And yet Marling and Batmanglij also indicated, before the show was officially renewed, that they did intend to present more concrete conclusions in subsequent seasons. “In terms of whether everything in their story was true or not, you'll have to wait until next season,” Marling teased to The Daily Beast in another December interview. When asked, point-blank, if the show has “answers laid out for reveals in the second season,” their response was a lot less ambiguous: “Oh, yeah. Definitely.” Perhaps, then they meant that early, tantalizing ambiguity mainly as a way to hook viewers, viewers they'd eventually placate with answers—meaning that The OA may actually be a much more conventional TV series than it initially appeared.
One of Marling and Batmanglij's greatest talents is their ability to take a story in directions nobody could possibly predict; it's possible, then, that the “answers” she's gesturing toward will be just as puzzling as the questions that prompted them. Yet it's also easy to imagine a world in which The OA's next installment gets bogged down in the very same issues that marred its overly literal finale, which ditched psychedelic dreamscapes for the more quotidian query of whether Prairie is actually full of shit. (Think, for a minute, about how angry you would be if that turned out to be the case.) The main problem, of course, is that when a show builds a mystery as bonkers and grand as the one The OA built in its first season, any answers are almost guaranteed to be a letdown. (Hello, Lost.)
It's easy to understand why Netflix wants more OA; as a streaming service that wins every time it convinces you to hit play just one more time, Netflix necessarily wants more of everything. At the same time, one can't help wishing that in this case, at least, it had let sleeping dogs lie—and possibly lying, formerly blind women sleep.
By By David James Young Mar 12, 2011 in Entertainment Tokyo - In the wake of Japan's earthquake and tsunami disaster, there have been many reports of major casualties, injury and death. However, it has also seen a wave of misinformation come through the blogosphere - particularly on Twitter. "The creator of Pokémon died today in the #tsunami, #Japan. RIP: Satoshi Tajiri. #prayforjapan," wrote Twitter user Searches beyond the Twittersphere, however, point to no official reports or verified sources confirming the death of Mr. Tajiri, 45. Nintendo, who have worked with the Pokémon franchise since its video game inception, have since confirmed that none of their company alumni - including Mr. Tajiri - have been injured. "Thanks for your concern!" wrote "During the earthquake, no one at Nintendo in Japan was injured and there was no apparent structural damage." Additionally, Twitter has been the source of many death hoaxes in recent years, spreading rumours of deaths for celebrities such as Charlie Sheen, Jim Carrey, Kanye West and Justin Bieber. The past six hours has seen the topic of Satoshi Tajiri, the creator of the Pokémon franchise, become a trending topic on Twitter."The creator of Pokémon died today in the #tsunami, #Japan. RIP: Satoshi Tajiri. #prayforjapan," wrote Twitter user @xCyrusAndLovato , with many similar tweets following in its wake.Searches beyond the Twittersphere, however, point to no official reports or verified sources confirming the death of Mr. Tajiri, 45.Nintendo, who have worked with the Pokémon franchise since its video game inception, have since confirmed that none of their company alumni - including Mr. Tajiri - have been injured."Thanks for your concern!" wrote @NintendoAmerica. "During the earthquake, no one at Nintendo in Japan was injured and there was no apparent structural damage."Additionally, Mauritis Hot reports that Mr. Tajiri "fainted while seeing the destruction done by the Tsunami," but "is not dead."Twitter has been the source of many death hoaxes in recent years, spreading rumours of deaths for celebrities such as Charlie Sheen, Jim Carrey, Kanye West and Justin Bieber. More about Japan, Satoshi Tajiri, Pokémon, Earthquake More news from Japan Satoshi Tajiri Pokémon Earthquake
USA today
Kicks are getting bad press this week. While the severity of Anderson Silva's injury at the hands of Chris Weidman was unusual, they got hurt by taking the risk of not setting up a power low kick. Kicking without setup and with no means of preventing the opponent checking—and especially power kicking without something to hide the kick—is a great way to hurt your leg, even if a shin snap is pretty unusual.
Many want to write off the end of that match as fluke, but in doing so, they are ignoring one of the most important rules of striking in MMA—setting up low kicks. To those folks I say this: If a gymnast were to practice their floor routine on a cement floor instead of mats, they would probably be able to get away with it for a good amount of time, but when they did botch a landing, it would mess them up. If a gymnast were practising backflips on concrete, then broke their neck, you would not be surprised.
Power low kicking without setup is failing to take proper precautions. It's similar to throwing right-hand leads or pulling straight back from punches. When you do get hurt, it's not unfortunate—it's because you were playing with matches.
There are a great many considerations to make in the kicking game, but with that said, there are two brilliant kickers coming up on UFC Fight Night 34 who are worth watching out for. They are the low-kicking machine that is Tarec Saffiedine and the king of the snap kick, Katsunori Kikuno.
Tarec Saffiedine's Kicking Chops
In the main event of UFC Fight Night 34, Tarec Saffiedine will make their long-awaited UFC debut. The last time I wrote about Saffiedine was in January of 2013 when they beat Nate Marquardt handily to capture the Strikeforce welterweight belt. The title was basically worthless, of course, because that was the final fight under the Strikeforce banner, but it was Saffiedine's coming-out party, as they handily outfought a dangerous veteran in Nate Marquardt.
Now, almost a year to the day since their last fight, Saffiedine will make their Octagon debut. Saffiedine, being a Western European fighter, lacks the wrestling pedigree that many Americans come into the game with. They have picked it up well, but their main strength is their brilliant kicking game.
As you will notice in Hello Japan's excellent highlight, Saffiedine has an affinity for the Brazilian kick (fake low, go high; also called mawashi geri or a question-mark kick) and low kicks.
Now the first thing which Saffiedine benefits from is the seeming reluctance to check low kicks in MMA. Many of their opponents will not even attempt it until they are certain that the kicks hurt. Only defending something once it's hurt you, of course, marks an enormous target on that point. Checking kicks once your leg is already hurting is no easy feat either.
Strikeforce
Much like Ernesto Hoost and many other great low-kickers, however, Saffiedine's success with that weapon stems from theirs being able to threaten with another. Their hands are very solid and smooth, and their upright stance ensures they are always ready to snap out a hard low kick.
Similar to Hoost, again, they are not concerned with connecting full power kicks all the time. Indeed, in their bout with Nate Marquardt, Saffiedine was happy to throw a few slappy kicks without setup, right out of their stance, just to test Marquardts reactions. Hoost said it best when they pointed out that they aren't ever able to land full power kicks, because they require almost a run-up. They instead liked to work with what they could sneak in without it getting checked. Little and often is almost always better than loading up and missing.
One thing that Saffiedine does incredibly well is catch their opponent's lead leg when it is not planted on the ground. That may sound strange, as just the other day, we talked about the importance of ensuring an opponent can't lift their leg to check. But any time an opponent is retreating, their front leg is not in a braced posture, simply trailing with little to keep its structure when it is kicked. A kick to the outside of a trailing lead leg can hurt a lot more than a kick to a leg which is braced on the floor, and can cause havoc on the opponent's stance as well.
Strikeforce
This happens in one of two ways. Saffiedine will back their opponent up with punches and connect with the low kick, or they will cover (a dangerous thing to do in four-ounce gloves) and deliver a kick as their opponent exits the pocket after striking. Notice both methods on display here.
Strikeforce
Here's another example of Saffiedine using a short, fast kick to catch Marquardt recovering from a jab. These aren't huge power connections, but they messed with Marquardt's stance, and the damage over time really added up. Marquardt was wincing in response to every kick by the end of the bout.
Saffiedine's kicking game has served them tremendously well through their short MMA career, and I anticipate more striking excellence from them on Saturday. If clips of Saffiedine's son on YouTube are anything to go by, this kicking game could serve the Saffiedine family for another generation as well.
All quotes were obtained firsthand.
This is the first in a two-part series on the great kickers who will be fighting at UFC Fight Night 34. Check out the second part, on Katsunori Kikuno, here.
Martin Olsson will not rush into a decision on their Norwich City future
Martin Olsson is out of contract next summer at Norwich City. Picture by Paul Chesterton/Focus Images Ltd ©Focus Images Limited www.focus-images.co.uk +447814 482222
Martin Olsson is keeping their options open at Norwich City with the defender admitting they could leave next summer on a free transfer.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The Swedish international helped their country to two World Cup qualifying wins over the past few days, but the 28-year-old's club future was also a topic for discussion in a television interview with Swedish station, Viasat Sport.
Olsson was heavily linked with a swift Premier League return to West Ham following the Canaries' top flight relegation but Alex Neil has made it clear the defender is a key part of their Championship plans.
The former Blackburn full-back has been an ever-present since recovering from an early season hamstring injury.
“During the summer, there was a club that was looking at me, but it did not happen,” they said. “I'm now instead focusing on Norwich so we'll see what happens in January or in the summer. It may be that I go on a Bosman. We'll see if they want to give me a new contract, but I have to think of myself as well. There may be no new contract, I will surely have several other clubs as options too.”
Olsson fared better than the majority of City's international contingent with Timm Klose (ankle) and Robbie Brady (head) picking up injuries that will be assessed by the club's medical staff ahead of the Championship return against Rotherham at Carrow Road on Saturday.
Russell Martin's Scotland were thumped 3-0 in Slovakia on Wednesday night to increase the pressure on Gordon Strachan after a disappointing home draw to Lithuania.
Northern Ireland pair Michael McGovern and Kyle Lafferty both featured in the 2-0 defeat to World Champions Germany in Hannover.
While Norway's Alex Tettey played 67 minutes in their country's 4-1 comeback win over minnows San Marino in Oslo.
To date, cord-cutting -- or ditching cable -- has been more hype than substance. Although Internet-based streaming services have made living without cable a viable option, millions of American households continue to subscribe to traditional paid-TV services.
But that could be about to change -- and quickly. 2015 is shaping up to be a key year for the industry: one that could represent the beginning of the end.
Major networks are going direct to consumers
Next month, HBO will launch HBO Now, the Internet-based alternative to its traditional premium cable network. For $15 per month, subscribers will get access to the HBO Now app, allowing them to stream all of HBO's content over the Internet, directly to their set-top boxes and mobile devices. For the first three months it will be exclusive to Apple's products, but will likely make its way to all major video game consoles, set-top boxes, and mobile devices in the summer.
Others will follow. Broadcaster CBS owns HBO's traditional rival, Showtime. According to CBS CEO Les Moonves, Showtime will follow HBO's lead sometime this year, launching an Internet-based service of its own.
Starz seems likely to respond with something similar. The company has been experimenting with an over-the-top service in foreign markets, and its CEO has hinted that the company may eventually do the same in the United States.
Other networks have yet to announce anything definitive, but if HBO and Showtime find success, they may be forced to follow suit.
HBO's parent company, Time Warner (NYSE:TWX.DL), has argued that HBO Now will not cannibalize traditional paid-TV subscribers -- that its purpose is to target households that have already cut the cord. But undoubtedly, there are paid-TV subscribers out there who keep their accounts active primarily for HBO or Showtime. If there are a lot of them, and if they cancel their service in favor of these Internet-based alternatives, other, more marginal cable networks would be pressured by declining affiliate fees and could be forced to adopt a similar model.
Internet-based cable alternatives
There's also an increasing array of Internet-based cable alternatives. Like traditional paid TV services, they offer a bundle of channels for one monthly fee, but unlike cable, they're delivered over the Internet.
Dish Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) SlingTV and PlayStation Vue are the only two currently available, but there could be as many as four by the end of the year. Verizon plans to roll out an Internet-based cable TV service in the second half of the year; Apple will offer something similar in the fall, according to The Wall Street Journal.
These services may not be particularly revolutionary -- subscribers are still paying for a bundle of channels -- but they represent a challenge to the traditional cable complex. SlingTV, for example, offers most of the major cable sports networks (ESPN, ESPN2, TNT and TBS) for a monthly fee that's far less than most cable packages (just $20 per month). Combined with a subscription to HBO Now or Hulu, it could present a better value to a paid TV subscriber, and entice them to cut the cord.
Streaming services are offering better content
Perhaps most significantly, native streaming services -- Netflix and Amazon Prime -- are beginning to ramp up their original content offerings.
Netflix has gone from offering one original series in the winter of 2013 (House of Cards) to a dozen, and has more than a dozen more slated to debut this year. Amazon has similarly ramped up its production: It now has nine original series and plans to offer at least seven more (two of which are slated to launch sometime this year).
Americans love TV, but only have so much time. Every hour a Netflix subscriber spends watching House of Cards is one they can't spend watching a program on traditional paid-TV. As Netflix and Amazon bolster their content offerings, more consumers may find that they offer enough value to replace a paid-TV subscription.
It's taken quite a while, but the cord-cutting future now appears imminent
Cord-cutting, as a popular notion, has been around since at least 2010. Yet, the cable complex has held surprisingly firm: nearly 100 million American households still subscribe to a traditional paid TV service.
But the move away from cable could accelerate quickly in the quarters to come. The services launching this year -- HBO Now, Sling TV, and PlayStation Vue, among others -- could finally bring about the end of cable TV.
Contrast this with Mr. Beale, who, on the surface seems to have some moderate amount of talent as a writer, editor and publisher, who has gone out of their way to trumpet and advance notions of homophobia, sexism, racism with provocative slander, libelous insults and threats, wildly delivered with what I can only describe as a pseudo- intellectual flair. However, those talents, which could have been used for the betterment of literature and culture, are instead being used to soil and defame it. Beale's latest attempt at seeking attention, a worldwide call for a boycott of all TOR authors and books, is as pathetic as it is futile.
All of the activities of the Sad and Rabid Puppies might have been easily laughed off, had they not made good on their threats and effectively gamed the Hugo Award nominations this year.
Millions of words have been spilled, pounded, spit out, spit upon, leveraged and expounded upon this subject by thousands of commentators, bloggers, pundits and literary critics since the nominations were announced.
I tell friends and acquaintances that are not familiar with sf fandom that this is not the first fannish feud to spill out into the consciousness of the public, nor will it be the last. With internet connectivity, hair trigger tempers and the willingness of people to stay up WAY PAST their bedtimes to correct stuff on the internet, it is certainly the most public display of asshattery in fandom that general public has ever seen.
I consider what Brad Torgenson, Larry Corriea and Theodore Beale have collectively done, is a direct attack on what fans, writers, editors, publishers and literature itself. And I consider this attack on fandom and the Hugos is a personal attack against me....
I do not obsess about it but I have been wondering whether they really understands that a life is a legacy for those who follow him.
There is room in fandom for rational discussion, debate and even dissent. There is no room however, for empty rhetoric and false conjecture, death threats, bullying, hateful and blatant racism, sexism and gay baiting, which is what the Sad Puppies now stand for, forever tarred with the same brush as and the Rabid Puppy crew, whether they like or not.
Moreover, this means that while we may have to listen to the inane and idiotic diatribes of Theodore Beale/Vox Day, we do not have to endorse or accept them.
Margaret Keifer's life is an exemplary example of what every fan's, every person's life should be.
What Theodore Beale and their followers have forcefully shown, is that they are incapable of empathy, kindness or human decency.
They have my pity, and little else.
391
Another File 770 SJW adds:
The puppies lack of empathy and self righteousness will ensure they are unaware of what they have wrought or feel they are entirely justified in doing so. Their dogmatic certainty of certain “truths” makes it impossible to have a rational discussion with them since there isn't a common set of assumptions on which to base a discussion.
We know what we've done and as we expected, the SJW reaction has entirely justified our actions. And the next time one of them is whining about how we don't talk to them, don't listen to them, and don't pay any attention to their opinions except to laugh at them, we will remind them that they themselves have declared it is "impossible to have a rational discussion" with us.
To them, too, we owe our thanks. It's tremendously amusing to listen to the science fiction SJWs projecting and declaring the Puppies to be pathetic losers while they whine and cry and gnash their yellowed, decaying teeth. A sniveling SJW named Chris M. Barkley is only the latest to strike the usual poses So brave. Thank you for this. Of course, what they don't recognize is that one can't soil sewage. And one can't defame the infamous with the truth. And I would correct him: the SJWs not only don't have to endorse or accept anything I say, they quite clearly aren't listening to anything I have said. I'll try again:I am not one of you. I do not want to be one of you. I don't want your attention, I don't want your awards, I don't want your respect, I don't want your pity, and I don't want anything to do with you. I have never wanted anything to do with you. In my opinion you are left-wing human wreckage whose worldview is outdated, irrational, nonsensical, and ignorant.You are neither my intellectual nor moral superior. You are not even my intellectual peer. Your morality, to the extent it can be called that, is a parasitical parody of the real thing. I do not respect you, I do not value your opinion, I reject your values, and I deny your competence to judge me in any way.I turned my back on your freakish community and everything it stood for as soon as I had the opportunity to see it clearly for myself at Minicon in 1997. I dutifully did my panels and never went to another SF convention or attended another SF-related event ever again. I don't associate with losers, child molesters, or creepy rape enthusiasts, and SF fandom consists of little else. I never submitted a short story to a science fiction magazine or submitted a novel to a science fiction publishing house because I didn't have any professional respect for most of the community's incompetent institutions.All the SF community had to do was leave me alone and I would have left it alone. I did so, more or less, for 16 years. You didn't. For over ten years I was repeatedly attacked, unprovoked, by various members of your weird little community. I ignored most of their repeated jabs, their libels, their false accusations, their nasty insinuations, and their insults. Out of sheer contempt, I ignored most of their attempts to obtain my attention. But when John Scalzi, Patrick Nielsen Hayden, N.K. Jemisin, and Steven Gould, among others, made an attempt to publicly destroy my reputation, I decided I would not ignore it any longer.So, you've got my attention now. And you should have known better to draw the contemptuous eye of the Supreme Dark Lord of the Evil Legion of Evil upon you. Because the Rabid Puppies, and the Dread Ilk, and the Ilk, and worst of all, my397 Vile Faceless Minions, are coming for you. Not just this year, not just next year, but always and forever until you are gone. By all means, cry more about how much we hurt you; the VFM like nothing better than the taste of your tears.The Sad Puppies want to fix what the SJWs have done to the detriment of science fiction over the last three decades. I respect that, although I think it makes more sense to demolish a building and build anew rather than attempt to shore up a termite-infested structure. But Rabid Puppies are not Sad Puppies. We want nothing more than to crush SJW bones, drink SJW blood, and leave a smoking hole where every SJW institution used to be.We're not incapable of empathy, kindness or human decency, we simply have no mercy for SJWs. There will be NO PLACE in science fiction for SJWs.And that is why, on behalf of the Rabid Puppies, I wish to personally thank every SJW in science fiction who voted for No Award in any category this year and award you this badge as an expression of my personal gratitude.
Labels: Hugo Award, Puppies, SJW
There are many different barcode types, which are used for specialized purposes. Depending on your inventory barcode software needs, you will probably prefer one barcode over the rest for most of your transactions and to track inventory shipments. Barcodes that do not have any visible numbers are often referred to as symbologies. Here is a list of the various barcode types and what they are used for:
UPC-A
When people think of barcodes, UPC-A is usually the first one that comes to mind. It's 12 digits long and is commonly used on food products, published materials and other consumer products.
UPC-E
UPC-E is a smaller version of a UPC-A barcode. It is used on small products on which the full UPC-A can't fit. It contains six digits.
EAN-13
EAN-13 is similar to the UPC-A, except that it has 13 digits, instead of 12. It was created by the International Article Numbering Association and is used in many countries.
RSS-14
RSS-14 is a symbology that is smaller than UPC-E and EAN-13. It's used when those two UPCs won't fit on a very small package.
Code 39
A Code 39 symbology contains no digits. It is specifically for non-commercial entities, including the U.S. Defense Department and Health Industry Bar Code Council.
Code 93
A Code 93 symbology is a compressed version of Code 39. Like Code 39, it contains many more identifying characters than UPCs, making it ideal for companies with a large number of products.
UCC-128/EAN-128
UCC-128/EAN-128 are Code 128 symbologies that contain a lot of information, like Code 39. They have become popular in the shipping industry.
Interleaved 2 of 5
Interleaved 2 of 5 symbologies are great for storing warehouse and industrial information.
PDF 417
PDF 417 is called a 2-dimensional barcode because instead of a reference number, it has detailed product information. It is used by some shipping companies.
Anonymous
How to know if you are actually atracted to guys or you are just brainwashed through heteronormativity letting you believe you have to give guys a go because you have some kind of connection?
This is such a good question and it's really important for any woman questioning their orientation/attraction. I'm going to explain the difference using three specific examples of times when attraction gets confusing, but there are a ton of different ways compulsory heterosexuality manifests, so if none of these hit on what you're feeling, feel free to shoot me another anon.
Attraction vs. Compulsory Heterosexuality
Nervousness and Blushing
A ton of romance media and common cultural tropes have this idea that you know you're attracted to someone if you're nervous or blushing around them. Because of this, you might feel like you must be attracted to a man if you feel nervous around him, just because you're experiencing the physical bodily response you've been told to expect, not because you actually want to date him.
Actual Attraction: You're nervous because you're excited to get to know someone. You find them attractive first and because you're thinking about your attraction to them, you get self conscious because you hope they might like you too.
Compulsory Heterosexuality: You're nervous because you are aware that they are attracted to you, and because he's paying such close attention to you– especially if he's pushing boundaries or getting too close into your personal space– you become self conscious because you know he's watching you. You blush because you're uncomfortable.
Hypothetical Attraction
Many questioning women have a hard time sorting through their attraction because of hypotheticals. Our culture, in general, disregards or challenges wlw's attraction and it gives this anxiety that we need to know 100% that we are not and will never be attracted to men no matter what in order to claim labels.
It's hard to do that as a young person who is just learning about themselves, flooded with “what if”s about the future. Because of this, you might feel like you can't rule out being attracted to men because you might hypothetically be attracted to one someday. Who knows?
Actual Attraction: You imagine a hypothetical future where you end up with a man and it feels exciting and makes you feel good and hopeful and happy and right. It's a nice feeling and is comfortable to think about. Reassuring.
Compulsory Heterosexuality: You imagine a hypothetical future where you end up with a man and it makes you feel uncomfortable, scared, sad, disappointed, wrong. It's an upsetting thing to think about and you hope it doesn't happen. You don't want to end up with a man even if you feel like you could.
Sexual Fantasies
Our culture places a big emphasis on sex when it comes to orientation. Some people's orientation includes sexual attraction and some people's orientation doesn't, but most of us feel like our sexual fantasies are the most important indicator of non-straight sexuality because LGBPQ+ people have been so thoroughly reduced to sexual acts and sexual objects in the homophobic culture we've grown up in.
Along with that, we've also grown up in a heteronormative and cisnormative society that repetitively teaches and reemphasizes the same singular sexual “script” for how sex is supposed to go, over and over and over. They do not teach any others, and it requires non-straight and non-cis people to invent their own sexual scripts individually and with partners.
But as a young person, when you're aroused, your mind has a very limited template of potential narratives associated with that feeling, so many people default to the same heteronormative script in their fantasies because it's unconscious and easy. Because of this, you might feel like you must be attracted to men because you imagine abstract situations of sex with men, even though you have absolutely no desire to sleep with men in real life.
Actual Attraction: When you fantasize about men, it is because you're attracted to their bodies or specific men or the idea of having sex with men. You imagine qualities of their body and you like the idea of what you're imagining. If you think about the fantasy later that day, you might feel like it's embarrassing, but you also feel like it's sexy.
Compulsory Heterosexuality: When you fantasize about men, it is mostly just enacting a kind of narrative. More focused on movement than features– the men in your fantasies might be faceless or blank-featured or their bodies might symbolize some emotion. You don't really like the idea of what you're imagining. You might not even be in the fantasy, but instead another faceless woman might be. You might even imagine yourself as the man. The narrative follows the sexual script, but the details are more vague and abstract and might even shift and change throughout the fantasy. If you think about it later that day, you might feel vaguely nauseated or uncomfortable or feel invalidated and wrong.
It's really difficult to unroot compulsory heterosexuality. My simplest advice on getting through it is this: even if you are attracted to men, you do not need to date them if you don't want to. If you only want to date other women, then you have the right to that. The rest is less important than the simple reality of what you want right now.
Hillary Clinton gave their big economic speech this morning, proposing a whole array of policies that they argue will “build a ‘growth and fairness' economy.” They aren't especially forthcoming on details, which is a shame, but they had some interesting and ideas and made some promises that they should be held to going forward. After listening to the speech, these were the portions that stuck out in my mind as being substantively or politically important.
Paid family leave. One of the best arguments Hillary made in laying out their economic agenda was their pitch on expanding paid family leave. They didn't get into the details of the policies they have in mind – “we can do this in a way that doesn't impose unfair burdens on businesses” was all they had to say on how to implement their proposals – but they framed them both as a moral imperative and as smart economic policy.
Advertisement:
“We are in a global competition, as I'm sure you have noticed, and we can't afford to leave talent on the sidelines, but that's exactly what we're doing today,” they said, arguing that the terrible policies we have for sick days and family leave discourage qualified workers from entering the workforce. “Fair pay and fair scheduling, paid family leave and earned sick days, child care are essential to our competitiveness and growth.”
What would those policies look like? Again, Hillary declined to go into detail. But the Center for American Progress put out a big report earlier this year that offered a number of policy recommendations for achieving a greater measure of economic fairness, and it called for “implementing a national paid family and medical leave insurance program” and expanding the Family and Medical Leave Act to cover more workers.
“Enhancing” Social Security. The hot trend for Democratic presidential candidates is to call for an expansion of Social Security to collect more revenue and provide more generous benefits than the system currently pays out. Both Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley have endorsed adjustments to the payroll tax structure that will bring a bit more fairness to the system, and they both support legislation to boost wages and legalize undocumented immigrants, which would result in more people paying more into Social Security.
Up to this point, Clinton has been cautious when talking about Social Security, saying only that they would “defend” the program against Republican efforts to cut it. In their speech today, though, Hillary said they would “help families look forward to retirement by defending and enhancing Social Security and making it easier to save for the future.”
What does “enhancing Social Security” mean? Well, they didn't explain. But it's different than what she's been saying previously! I'd imagine Hillary's vision for “enhancing” Social Security probably shares quite a bit with those of Sanders and O'Malley – they also back higher wages and comprehensive immigration reform. But the tax question is still unresolved. The last time they ran for president, Hillary was firmly against raising additional payroll taxes, and their overall plan for what to do about the Social Security's long-term health was to appoint a “commission” that would figure something out. Saying they want to “enhance” the program is vague and will require much more in the way of detail, but hopefully it means she's moved beyond the passive, hands-off approach to Social Security they took in 2008.
Taking a swing at Marco Rubio. Hillary name-checked several Republican presidential contenders during their remarks, but I thought it significant that they singled out Marco Rubio for criticism when it came to tax policy:
Advertisement:
CLINTON: Now we hear Republican candidates talk a lot about tax reform. But take a good look at their plans. Senator Rubio's would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000 – which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family. Well that's a sure budget-busting give-away to the super-wealthy. And that's the kind of bad economics you're likely to get from any of the candidates on the other side.
Rubio's tax plan – which by any measure is an insane and irresponsible giveaway to the wealthy – is noteworthy in that it represents an effort to bridge the divide between two factions in the Republican tax policy world: the supply-side traditionalists and the “reform” conservatives. The supply siders still place all their faith in rate cuts (especially for the rich) as the pathway to economic growth. The “reform” conservatives want to move the party away from tax-cut mania and focus more on using the tax code to bolster middle-class incomes. Rubio's plan attempts to do both without making any real compromises, and the result is a wildly expensive proposition that will explode the deficit.
Hillary clearly wants to make Rubio's plan – with all its unworkable contradictions and obscene price tag – the face of Republican tax policy. Calling it a “budget-busting give-away to the super-wealthy” is less punchy than Martin O'Malley's way of characterizing Rubio's economic philosophy, but it achieves largely the same effect.
Prosecuting Wall Street criminals. One of the Obama administration's great failures has been its unfulfilled promise to prosecute the titans of Wall Street in the aftermath of the financial meltdown that damn near collapsed the economy. There was no shortage of securities fraud to go after and there were enthusiastic and elaborate attempts to cover it all up, but rather than seek criminal prosecutions, the Obama Justice Department instead levied fines against the major banks and allowed them room to deny any explicit wrongdoing.
Hillary obliquely acknowledged this failure in their speech today and promised that under their watch, criminality on Wall Street would be met with prosecution:
Advertisement:
CLINTON: I will appoint and empower regulators who understand that Too Big To Fail is still too big a problem. We'll ensure that no firm is too complex to manage or oversee. And we will prosecute individuals as well as firms when they commit fraud or other criminal wrongdoing.
It's amazing that we're even at the point of seeing a top-tier presidential candidate vowing to get tough on white-collar crime, but here we are. The question, of course, is whether Hillary would prove more successful on this score than the Obama administration.
One of the chief liberal complaints against Clinton is that she's too close to Wall Street and too sympathetic to the agenda laid out by the masters of the financial universe. Vowing to prosecute criminals on Wall Street might seem like a good way to head off those complaints, but really she's just promising to enforce and uphold the law – something we should expect them (or any president) to do anyway. But the relationship between Wall Street and DC has become so thoroughly corrupt that I guess this is what now counts as reform.
Diversity of broadband providers. It got only one line in the speech, but Hillary touched on one of the more significant economic policy battles happening right now: the fight to improve broadband access and the need to regulate the broadband marketplace. “Let's build those faster broadband networks,” they said, “and make sure there's a greater diversity of providers so consumers have more choice.”
Advertisement:
Earlier this year, the Obama administration released an aggressive set of net neutrality rules, including reclassification of broadband internet service so that it becomes subject to “common carrier” regulations. Hillary, shortly after those rules were announced, offered their full support to the administration and indicated that they would like to go even further. “It's a foot in the door,” they said, “but it's not the end of the discussion.”
It would be nice to hear more from Hillary along these lines, but for now it's good just to hear a major party candidate talking about the need to reform the broadband industry to boost competition and improve network speeds, even if only in passing. It doesn't get nearly enough attention given how critically important broadband access is to the economy, and how irredeemably abusive and awful the existing cartel of broadband providers has grown in the absence of real competition.
