Two years into their first majority mandate, it's clear the Conservatives not only need to push the reset button, but that Prime Minister Stephen Harper intends to do so around the time spring slides into summer.
Political staffers are being told to remain in Ottawa for the final two weeks of June when Harper is expected to shuffle their cabinet, moving out a number of old-guard ministers in favour of younger MPs who are felt to have shown their worth as parliamentary secretaries and committee chairs.
This much-anticipated shuffle, to bring in new faces and inject new energy into the government, will be followed up in Calgary at the end of June, by the Conservatives' first policy convention since the 2011 election.
Party strategists see this one-two combination as a way of trying to set a positive news agenda before the country turns its attention to summer holidays.
That's because the most positive coverage the government is getting these days is from its own multimillion-dollar ad campaign to promote Canada's Economic Action Plan — otherwise known as the budget.
If you haven't seen the ads, you're not watching the Stanley Cup playoffs. The Liberals certainly are. New leader Justin Trudeau suggested the money spent on advertising could be put to better use underwriting jobs for young Canadians.
"Will the prime minister do young people and hockey fans a favour and pull these action plan ads so we can invest in more jobs for young people,'' they asked this week in question period.
Harper tried to brush aside the question.
"Obviously, it's important to make sure Canadians understand the measures that have been adopted by this Parliament that will benefit them,'' they said to hoots from the opposition benches.
"This country, Canada, has one of the best job-creation records in the developed world coming out of the recession. Canadians need to know about that.''
Harper went on to mention the Canada Jobs Strategy as but one example of how the budget is benefiting Canadians.
The irony in all this, as the prime minister inadvertently acknowledged, is that taxpayers are paying for an advertising campaign intended to tell them just how much the government is doing for them.
They might have expected that sort of thing to be self-evident.
The darts are flying
Canada has, in fact, emerged from the global recession in better shape than many of its industrial partners. No major banks failed. Jobs are being created. The deficit is shrinking, if more slowly than predicted.
Even some Conservative MPs have reportedly cringed at putting such a partisan flyer in with their taxpayer-financed mailouts. (Canadian Press)
But those things aren't the stuff of daily headlines. The news is being generated in other places, including from the opposition benches.
New Democrats are spending much of their time on the recent auditor general's report, using the findings to attack the government's record of financial management.
Among their darts: $29 billion in uncollected taxes; and $3.1 billion in anti-terror spending the government failed to track properly.
The list doesn't end there.
Documents tabled in the Commons this week to a Liberal MP's question showed the government has not only spent $23 million monitoring media coverage in the past two years, but some of it was being used to monitor what Conservative MPs were saying.
A growing number of Conservatives are now also refusing to use a program paid for by taxpayers to send out flyers prepared by the party to voters in their ridings that suggest Justin Trudeau is too green for the job of prime minister.
Meanwhile, opposition to the oilsands, the key to Canada's economic recovery, remains stubbornly resistant to this government's promotional efforts.
What's next?
None of these attacks on the government may ultimately stick, though recent polls suggest support for the Conservatives is softening.
The real problem is that the government has very little left of its own agenda to counter the sense of drift.
Its crime agenda is largely done. Changes to employment insurance, streamlining the environmental review of resource projects, immigration reform, creating pooled retirement plans are all off the to-do list.
What's left is an assortment of odds and ends.
These include passing a bill to implement parts of the March budget; completing negotiations on a free trade deal with the European Union before the summer; and promoting a raft of law and order bills sponsored by Conservative backbenchers that the government, for want of anything of its own to do, has decided to endorse.
So, two years into this majority mandate, and the push is on to refocus the government from what has already been done to what needs to be done. And maybe resetting the political agenda in the process.
The DWA board set those goals in a resolution on Tuesday, asking all customers to consider ways of cutting water use such as inspecting irrigation systems, replacing grass with desert landscaping or installing more efficient appliances.
Buy Photo A sprinkler in the Lake Mirage Racquet Club waters the grass near one of their human-made ponds in Rancho Mirage, Wednesday, July 31st, 2013. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )Buy Photo Story Highlights Tiered rates that would reward customers who conserve and penalize those who overuse water note discussed.
The water agency last month released a new app for customers to report incidents of waste.
Mayor Steve Pougnet has set a goal of cutting the city's water use 50 percent by 2020.
Three months after Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency, the Desert Water Agency is urging its customers to voluntarily cut their water use by 20 percent and is pledging “long-term sustainability” in managing the area's groundwater.
The DWA board set those goals in a resolution on Tuesday, asking all customers to consider ways of cutting water use such as inspecting irrigation systems, replacing grass with desert landscaping or installing more efficient appliances.
“The DWA is committing to sustainable groundwater management, and one of the ways to get there are additional reductions, and the 20 percent call is for that,” said Craig Ewing, president of the agency's board.
The board did not discuss other potential measures, such as tiered rates that would reward customers who conserve and penalize those who overuse water. Ewing has said they support moving toward such a rate system in the next two years.
Water rates in the California desert remain relatively low, and residential water use in the Coachella Valley stands out as being among the highest in the state.
The Desert Water Agency, the second largest of five public water districts in the Coachella Valley, supplies water to customers in Palm Springs and parts of Cathedral City. Between 2007 and 2013, total water consumption among DWA customers declined more than 17 percent.
Heavy pumping of groundwater has for decades led to declining water levels in much of the aquifer beneath the Coachella Valley. The Desert Water Agency and the Coachella Valley Water District have long been importing water to replenish the aquifer, and the inflows of water have helped push up water levels in areas near groundwater recharge ponds.
At Tuesday's meeting, DWA General Manager David Luker presented charts showing higher water levels over the years in some wells as a result of inflows of imported water to areas near the Whitewater River and Mission Creek.
“We've seen some real benefits,” Luker said. “It proves this thing works. The only thing you need is the water.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Climate Point: California newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong An occasional email with a California focus on water, energy and climate change, curated by reporter Janet Wilson. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-834-6052. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Climate Point: California Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The water that DWA relies on to recharge the aquifer comes from the Colorado River, through an exchange for the agency's right to water from the State Water Project. But in response to the drought, the state has told water agencies to expect “zero” deliveries of water this year through the State Water Project.
The Coachella Valley Water District, the area's largest water supplier, also passed a resolution in February backing the governor's calls for customers to conserve water in response to the drought.
Given the severity of the drought, it's important for DWA to take serious action against customers who waste water, said Peter Van Houten, a part-time Palm Springs resident who addressed the board at the meeting.
“Please play hardball on water usage and waste before it is too late,” Van Houten said. “Other parts of the state are really, really hurting, and it just kills me when I see all this water running off lawns and gutters.”
The Desert Water Agency last month released a new app for customers to report incidents of waste, such as water shooting from broken sprinkler heads, using a smartphone or tablet.
In response to the drought, the city of Palm Springs has announced plans to dramatically cut back its water use on parks and medians.
Mayor Steve Pougnet has set a goal of cutting the city's water use 50 percent by 2020. They also say they hope to boost the city's water-saving incentives to reduce residential water use by 30 percent.
Ian James can be reached by email at ian.james@desertsun.com and on Twitter at @TDSIanJames.
Read or Share this story: http://mydesert.co/1kvxhh6
A mum of three has raised £135,000 to pay for cancer treatment unavailable to them on the NHS.
Liz Sheppard from Mansfield was diagnosed with small cell lung cancer - a rare form of the disease - in November 2015. Speaking to Emma Barnett on BBC 5 live, Liz said they had spent around £60,000 of the money already on immunotherapy.
It comes as figures released to BBC 5 live Daily show a dramatic eight-fold increase in the amount of money crowdfunded on the JustGiving website in 2016 compared with 2015.
NHS England said that "more people than ever before are surviving cancer thanks to improved NHS cancer care.... and together with NICE we have also launched a new-look cancer drugs fund meaning patients will be able to access promising new and innovative treatments much quicker.”
They hit the trial with a thud: two stacks of emails — one filed by the Crown on Wednesday and another by the defence on Thursday — revealing what key players were writing as Mike Duffy's Senate expense saga unfolded.
Not everything in the stacks was new: some of it repeated messages quoted in RCMP lead investigator Greg Horton's court filings — the Information to Obtain Production Orders — from November 2013. Some of the juicy bits had already been sampled heavily in both the media and question period. (Ex-PMO chief of staff Nigel Wright's "Good to go," anyone?)
But some were new. And others are worth revisiting with fresh insight as the Duffy trial unfolds.
Here's a look a few quotes from the 2013 emails.
"But let this small group be under no illusion. I think that this is going to end badly."
- Nigel Wright email to four senior PMO staff, Feb. 6, 2013 (Index #0300013 in Crown emails, #21 in defence emails)
The context: Since Dec. 2012, media outlets had been raising questions about Senator Mike Duffy's residency claims: Was they qualified to sit in the Senate representing P.E.I.? Were their expense claims proper, based on where they were actually living? The Prime Minister's Office, of which Nigel Wright was in charge, was asked to vet a written statement Duffy intended to release to the media in response. Wright agreed to Duffy's response, with a warning that now seems ironic given what happened in the weeks that followed.
"I didn't say that, and if you continue to misquote me, then we will be speaking only through lawyers going forward."
- Nigel Wright email to Mike Duffy, Feb. 20, 2013, senior PMO staffer Chris Woodcock also copied (Index #03000090 in Crown emails, #142 in defence emails)
The context: Duffy had just retained the services of lawyer Janice Payne and was asking for information they could forward to her, including what they said was Wright's analysis that they were "in violation of the housing allowance policy." Wright denied having drawn such a conclusion, and it's not the only time misunderstanding or miscommunication complicated negotiations between Duffy and PMO in this saga.
"Had I known we were going down this road I would have shut it down long before this memo... This issue is about $'s, not this."
- Ray Novak, Stephen Harper's then senior aide and now their chief of staff, quoting what the prime minister wrote as instructions on a Feb. 18 memo about the issue of Senate residency, Feb.19, 2013. (Index #127 in defence emails)
The context: Senior staff had presented their plan for dealing with the emerging Senate residency issue. Stephen Harper's memo isn't included in the emails, but the discussion around it suggests Harper had a strong opinion against allowing a Senate committee to explore the issue of who is eligible to sit in the Senate in light of the expenses controversy. Harper wanted the audit to be about expenses rules, not residency requirements, and the staff followed the boss's direction when it drafted its "Scenario for Repayment" (Index# 0300093 in Crown emails, #146 in defence emails).
"I am at wits end with the drama and agendas at play in the chamber of sober second thought."
- Chris Woodcock, writing Nigel Wright and fellow senior staffer Patrick Rogers, Feb.27, 2013 (Index #03000199 in Crown emails)
The context: The Senate subcommittee dealing with the expenses audit had just met, and the Senate's clerk and a staffer were blocking the PMO's desire to issue a report and wrap up the matter quickly. The two administrators were threatening legal action, and Conservative senators felt someone might leak the draft report before it was finalized. From the exchanges, it appears former Harper staffer and Senate committee member Carolyn Stewart Olsen was supposed to be ensuring the committee acted in accordance to the PMO's directives, something described as a "fulfillment of their commitment" to their former PMO colleagues (Index #03000383 in Crown emails).
"I was pretty frank with Mike this morning about attacking the very people who are trying to help him. Unfortunately they and Vern traded expletives shortly thereafter. (Mike was in a state of over waking up to a lawn-sign in Kanata calling on them to resign, and a likely resolution in the P.E.I. [legislature] asking that they be fired)"
- Ray Novak, writing Patrick Rogers, special adviser and counsel Benjamin Perrin, Nigel Wright and Chris Woodcock, March 6, 2013, (Index #318 in defence emails)
The context: Novak appears in several places in the defence emails exchanging more casual notes with or about Duffy. They appear to have an open communications channel with the senator, separate from the others, with Duffy sometimes writing them with frank admissions or pleas (see also defence emails #198 or #230).
"I don't know whether either of you has thoughts, but I think that this is perfectly fine (and I resist making minor suggestions since I would prefer to be able to answer, if necessary, that PMO did not write it)."
- Nigel Wright, email to PMO lawyer Benjamin Perrin and Harper aide Ray Novak, March 23, 2013 (Index #03000289 in Crown emails, #404 in defence emails)
The context: The emails immediately before this show Wright making a banking transfer to prepare to pay for Duffy's $90,000 disputed expenses. Novak, now Harper's chief of staff, is a recipient on one (#400) specifically about Wright sending their cheque. Duffy's lawyer, Janice Payne, then sent PMO a draft letter for approval — a letter that would accompany Duffy's repayment to the Senate. They asked Perrin and Wright to comment before Duffy sent it, and this was Wright's reaction.
"Do I need to call Marjory [LeBreton]? They think they are hurting Duffy, but they will end up hurting the prime minister."
- Nigel Wright email to senior staff Patrick Rogers and Chris Woodcock, May 8, 2013 (Index #513 in defence emails)
The context: Emails show growing frustration with the Senate subcommittee's inability to wrap things up quickly as the PMO wanted. Then-Senate leader Marjory LeBreton's office was supposed to be managing it, but a staffer in their office was raising troublesome questions. "This is epic. Montgomery is the problem," Rogers writes of a difficult meeting in LeBreton's office with their assistant Chris Montgomery several emails later in the chain. Woodcock a few minutes later wrote to Wright that "Patrick made it happen," and Wright responded, "Nice work guys. Thank you very much."
UFC Middleweight Michael Bisping had stayed busy this year up til now. They started off at UFC On FX 7 in a possible contender's fight against Vitor Belfort. Unfortunately for "The Count", they came up short and gave up a second round KO to a Belfort headkick. Despite the knockout, Bisping was only out for a couple months before returning to face at UFC 159. After outpointing Belcher for almost 15 minutes, The Count landed an eyepoke that stopped the fight with only 30 seconds left on the clock. The foul was ruled incidental and Bisping took the technical decision.
Now, 6 weeks later, Ariel Helwani reports that Belcher wasn't the only one to suffer eye damage in the fight. They told UFC Tonight:
After the fight against Alan Belcher, Michael Bisping completely lost all peripheral vision in their right eye. They went to see an eye on doctor on Tuesday and they found out that they had a detached retina. On Thursday, they had surgery to fix the detached retina. He's hoping to return to the UFC in October.
Bisping has had no shortage of 185ers calling them out since their last fight. But, there's one that stands out who he'd like to face when they return this fall:
Luke Rockhold, Costa Philippou, and Cung Le have all called Bisping out. Michael told me the guy who interests them most is Cung Le. He's not interested in fighting Luke Rockhold and told them to go out and win at least one fight in the UFC before they talk to him.
Le scored their second UFC victory with a big upset KO of Rich Franklin last fall at UFC Macao. Rockhold probably makes more sense, considering the rankings, but Le's not far off from that and probably an easier fight for Bisping. Regardless, Bisping still needs to recover from their surgery before he's booked to appear in the Octagon again.
Despite the headwinds facing the Canadian oilpatch, the industry would likely add another 2.5 million barrels per day of crude oil by 2040, but don't expect the country's liquefied natural gas export industry to start up anytime soon, according to a new International Energy Agency report.
The International Energy Agency's latest World Economic Outlook (WEO) charts an uncertain future for the world's energy sector. While the Paris-based energy watchdog's prognosis has been a hit-and-miss affair over the years, it nevertheless serves as a reference point for the global oil and gas sector and its 29-member countries including Canada, the United States and Germany.
The IEA acknowledges its limitation as a forecaster in its report published Tuesday.
“It will be no surprise to find, in five or twenty-five years' time, that the outcome doesn't match the figures in the WEO. So, why do we bother?” IEA executive director Fatih Birol, asks in the foreword.
“I can answer this confidently: the reason that we look into the future is to trigger key policy changes in the present.”
With that caveat out of the way, the IEA believes the world will continue to require crude oil and natural gas for decades to come, even as renewable energies gain ground, eat into traditional energy resources' market share and grab greater share of investment dollars.
Canada will remain a standard-bearer for non-OPEC production, raising its production by another 2.5 million barrels per day by 2040 — eclipsed only by Brazil's three million bpd of additional production and Iraq's surge of another 4.5 million barrels per day.
Canada's output of 6.8 million bpd by 2040 is revised down by 600,000 bpd, but the industry will face significant challenges.
“Alongside uncertainties overinvestment, another issue that could emerge as a long-term constraint on the projections for Canada is the limited number of connections from the resource-rich province of Alberta to the global market, and, indeed, to the domestic oil markets,” the IEA warns in its report.
Uncertainty is a common theme running across the IEA forecast to 2040. A sustained period of low prices could smash all these projections, with the IEA noting that Canada's oilsands could take a “larger hit” than other regions.
In the IEA's base-case scenario, U.S. oil production rises to 13.2 million barrels per day by 2020, from 11.8 million bpd last year, but will retreat to 11.7 million bpd by 2030, as tight oil production slips.
On the demand side, U.S. oil consumption will contract 4.2 per cent over the next 25 years, with Europe declining four per cent and Japan 1.8 per cent, as the old guard gives way to fast-growing China, India and other emerging markets.
India's demand for crude oil is set to grow at the fastest pace among major consumers, rising six per cent over the forecast period, with China growing at 4.9 per cent.
With U.S., Canada's top exporting market, seeing a considerable drop in consumption, the need for Canada to build connecting points to Asia has taken an even more urgent dimension.
Canada's plan to export its other abundant resource, natural gas, is also likely to remain on the drawing board for some time to come.
Canada's gas exports have already declined by a fifth thanks to rising U.S. self-sufficiency in natural gas. But new greenfield LNG export plants and pipelines will be challenging to build in the current pricing and supply environment, and the IEA does “not anticipate such projects reaching maturity until well into the 2020s.”
Financial Post
yhussain@nationalpost.com
Cardinal George Pell's lawyers pursued legal action against Twitter after comedian Catherine Deveny tweeted a photo which Pell's lawyers say "conveys ... seriously defamatory imputations".
Cardinal George Pell's lawyers pursued legal action against Twitter after comedian Catherine Deveny tweeted a photo which Pell's lawyers say "conveys ... the false and seriously defamatory imputations that Cardinal Pell is associated with the sexual abuse of young boys". Pell, the Archbishop of Sydney, appeared on the ABC's Q&A recently for a one-on-one debate with athiest Richard Dawkins. During the show Pell said : "When in England, we were preparing some young English boys ... for Holy Communion." During the pause, members of the audience began laughing (others booed those who had laughed) and the Twitter world lit up. A tweet posted by Deveny on April 10 showed a picture of Pell's face surrounded by the first section of the sentence that they uttered on Q&A. Two weeks ago Deveny received an email from the Twitter legal department containing correspondence sent to the social media organisation by lawyers Corrs, Chambers and Westgarth on behalf of Pell. The letters demanded that Deveny's tweet be removed. Corrs, Chambers and Westgarth's letter to Twitter states:
"By intentionally and maliciously failing to include the words 'for Holy Communion' the publication ridicules Cardinal Pell and conveys to Austrlaian readers the false and seriously defamatory imputations that Cardinal Pell is associated with the s-xual abuse of young boys ... "Under Australian law, Twitter is jointly and severally liable with the account holder for the defamation. Also, under Australia law, damage to Cardinal Pell's reputation caused by the post is presumed. In the circumstances, we demand that Twitter immediately removes the Publication. Should it fail to do so, we will hold it liable for the damage and harm caused to Cardinal Pell's reputation."
"I apologize unreservedly for any hurt Cardinal Pell may have suffered from me tweeting a meme on April 10 that used their image and five words they said on Q&A the night before. Clearly it was significant enough hurt and embarrassment caused for them to lawyer up and spend the Catholic Church's money to pursue defamation action against Twitter and me. There must have been deep deliberation over the decision to spend thousands of dollars of parishioners' money on legal fees. Spending money that could have been spent feeding the poor, sheltering the homeless or alleviating suffering, instead of on defamation litigation, clearly illustrates how serious the breach I allegedly committed was in the eyes of Cardinal Pell."
Deveny removed the tweet and placed an apology on their blog , although the legal letters did not demand that they do either. They also tell Crikey that they did not create the image -- or start the internet meme -- and that many others had also been tweeting the image. Why pursue Twitter rather than Deveny herself? "My two guesses are that they didn't want to appear as bullies and I don't think they had any idea that I would get that correspondence," Deveny told Crikey. "They don't want to appear as bullies despite the fact they have a long history shutting down people who are saying things they don't want to hear. "I wouldn't be surprised if they wanted to shut up a high-profile feminist, atheist who they've banned from speaking in Mildura and have possibly tried to shut me down other places which I don't have evidence of, but I have hearsay of." Back in 2010 Deveny was banned from speaking at a Catholic girls school in Mildura because they "held views that were not consistent with the Catholic Church". "Everybody has the right to their reputations, but pursuing this makes them look kind of petty," said Deveny. Pell is also on Twitter under the username @CardinalPell , but they don't seem to be an active user, since the locked account follows zero people and has only one follower (although he's tweeted 19 times). Deveny themselves has received no contact or letter from Pell's legal team. As Deveny writes on their blog Deveny pointed us in the direction of other comedians who publicly criticise the Catholic Church, including Louis CK who has a skit about the church only existing because of p-edophilia and Tim Minchin with their popular tune Pope Song . They also note that she's highly involved with several charities either started or funded by the Catholic Church, including the Edmund Rice Centre and Griefline. As well as demanding the offending tweeted be deleted, the legal letter also said Twitter must "not further publish any Twitter publication or publications substantially similar to the Publication". It would be "very difficult for Twitter to comply with any such order", Mark Pearson, author of Blogging and tweeting without getting sued and a professor of journalism at Bond University, told Crikey. Twitter can remove a repeat offender's account, since users agree not to post offensive comments when they sign up. But is Twitter responsible for the content published by one of its users? "This is an area of the law that yet's to be decided: the liability of such providers for material that they are hosting," said Pearson. "Traditionally there's been a defence for what's called innocent dissemination by such hosts -- ISPs, newsagents and the like. The question [goes to whether] services like Facebook and Twitter have that immunity. It seems they would certainly in the United States [under the first amendment]. But whether that would also apply in Australia depends on such cases." Back in February Joshua Meggitt began pursuing legal action against Twitter after writer Marieke Hardy wrongly named the Melbourne man as being responsible for a hate blog against them This also isn't the first time Deveny's Twitter antics have got them in trouble, after tweets sent on Logies night back in 2010 saw them dumped as a regular Age columnist. Deveny tells Crikey that although they have no plans to tone down their criticism of the church or anyone else online, they are now more aware of defamation law. Tonight they will be participating in a Wheeler Centre debate arguing for the affirmative for the topic "Freedom of Speech is Over-Rated".
Teen actor Lindsay Lohan‘s breasts have been digitally reduced for forthcoming Disney film Herbie: Fully Loaded, to avoid offending family audiences.Test screenings for the new movie, the fourth sequel to the 1968 film The Love Bug about a Volkswagen Beetle car with a mind of its own, indicated that some parents felt Lohan‘s character Maggie Peyton was too raunchy for a children's film. Disney technicians were forced to plough through numerous scenes – especially those showing the busty actor jumping up and down at a motor racing track, reducing their breasts by two cup sizes and raising revealing necklines on their T-shirts. Amused at their digital bosom reduction, Lohan says, “I don't know how Renee Zellweger kept swelling and shrinking for Bridget Jones. It's no fun.”Bring on the computer guys.”Article Copyright World Entertainment News Network All Rights Reserved.
Breaking Bad Creator Vince Gilligan Discusses Alternate Endings By Jessica Rawden Random Article Blend Spoilers if you haven't caught last night's series finale of Breaking Bad. Seriously, you're going to want to watch the episode before you read this article.
The wait for the final episodes of Breaking Bad was interminable, but once the final eight began airing, things played out rather quickly. It has actually been more than 12 hours since the
Last night's Breaking Bad ended on both high and low notes. On one hand, Walter White blackmailed Gretchen and Elliot and managed to secure the financial future for their family that kicked off the series in the first place. Additionally, Jesse went off into the distance, headed into the unknown. On the other hand, a whole lot of people died, Walter White included. The writers ended up killing of Heisenberg, but when they were putting together the final eight episodes, Vince Gilligan tells
“As the writers and I worked through all these different possibilities, it felt right, but I don't think it was a necessity for us. There was a version we kicked around where Walt is the only one who survives, and he's standing among the wreckage and their whole family is destroyed. That would be a very powerful ending but very much a kick-in-the-teeth kind of ending for the viewers. We talked about a version where Jesse kills Walt. We talked about a version where Walt more or less gets away with it. There's no right or wrong way to do this job — it's just a matter of: You get as many smart people around you as possible in the writers room, and I was very lucky to have that.”
Gilligan also mentions that the writers worked on an idea to have Jesse kill Walter in the end, which would have harkened a little bit back to all of the abuse Walt subjected Jesse to over the years, starting with the way that Walt threatened turning them in to the DEA in order to get them to help cook meth early on in the series. However, that's not a direction that those involved with the show ultimately felt would work best.
“We talked about Jesse taking Walt up on their offer to kill them or Walt turning around to find Jesse had a gun on him. We talked about every permutation we could conceive of, and we went the way we went ultimately because the bloodlust had been satiated prior to that moment by seeing Jesse throttle Todd (Jesse Plemons) to death.”
Walt saving Jesse from the meth hellhole they were living in for months and months was the perfect way to finish off the series. Many people Breaking Bad, if anything, has always been an awesomely scripted drama, and it was nice to see the series end on a satisfying note.
You can check out the recap of last night's series ender, The wait for the final episodes ofwas interminable, but once the final eight began airing, things played out rather quickly. It has actually been more than 12 hours since the last episode aired , but my head is still reeling a little from all that went down. As it turns out, however, the ending that finally made it onto our television screens last night was not even remotely close to the only ending the writers kicked around.Last night'sended on both high and low notes. On one hand, Walter White blackmailed Gretchen and Elliot and managed to secure the financial future for their family that kicked off the series in the first place. Additionally, Jesse went off into the distance, headed into the unknown. On the other hand, a whole lot of people died, Walter White included. The writers ended up killing of Heisenberg, but when they were putting together the final eight episodes, Vince Gilligan tells EW that last night's episode was not always how the writers envisioned the series panning out.Gilligan also mentions that the writers worked on an idea to have Jesse kill Walter in the end, which would have harkened a little bit back to all of the abuse Walt subjected Jesse to over the years, starting with the way that Walt threatened turning them in to the DEA in order to get them to help cook meth early on in the series. However, that's not a direction that those involved with the show ultimately felt would work best.Walt saving Jesse from the meth hellhole they were living in for months and months was the perfect way to finish off the series. Many people seem to think the way that part of the plot panned out was extremely satisfying. I'm personally really glad to hear that the writers explored a slew of finale routes before finally settling on the plot we got in the series ender., if anything, has always been an awesomely scripted drama, and it was nice to see the series end on a satisfying note.You can check out the recap of last night's series ender, here Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
DETROIT, MI - Chevrolet on Wednesday pulled the cloak off the drop-top version of its all-new, 2016 Camaro.
With the convertible Camaro's arrival, Chevy said it has some segment firsts, including the ability to open or close the top at speeds up to 30 miles per hour, remote opening with a key fob and a fully automatic operation with latches that release and secure the top.
The non-convertible, sixth generation of Chevy's signature pony car was first unveiled last month on Belle Isle in Detroit. It's faster and 200 pounds lighter than its predecessor.
The 2016 Camaro will come equipped with 2.0L turbo that gets 275 horsepower and can move the car from 0-60 mph in less than 6 seconds. It will also get a 3.6L V-6 that will get an estimated 335 horsepower, and a 6.2L V-8 in the SS trim that gets an estimated 455 hp.
The six-gen Camaro goes on sale in the fourth quarter of this year.
General Motors is hiring back 500 second-shift jobs at its Lansing Grand River Assembly Plant to help build the 2016 Chevrolet Camaro.
GM temporarily laid off 350 workers at the plant in November. The second-shift workers will begin late this summer.
The current, fifth-generation Camaro is built at a GM plant in Ontario. With the new, sixth-generation Camaro's arrival in Lansing, GM is investing $175 million in its facility there for new equipment and new paint systems, including those for Camaro-specific colors: Summit White, Bright Yellow, and Red Hot.
GM also builds its Cadillac ATS and CTS models at the Lansing plant.
David Muller is the automotive and business reporter for MLive Media Group in Detroit. Email them at dmuller@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter
The band becomes the biggest act to play in Cuba since its 1959 revolution.
The Rolling Stones say they will play a free concert in Havana on March 25, becoming the biggest act to play Cuba since its 1959 revolution.
The Stones will play in Havana's Ciudad Deportiva three days after President Barack Obama visits Havana. The concert is expected to draw a massive audience in a country where the government once persecuted young people for listening to rock music, then seen as a tool of Western capitalism. Along with dropping that policy, the Cuban government has increasingly allowed large non-official gatherings.
The band says in a statement that "we have performed in many special places during our long career but this show in Havana is going to be a landmark event for us, and, we hope, for all our friends in Cuba too."
KENT COUNTY, MI – For the second time in four years, Paul Medawar Fine Jewelry has thwarted a robbery attempt – this time, apparently leaving at least one of the robbers with gunshot wounds. Police have fanned out across the Northeast Side after four robbers hit the jewelry store on Tuesday, April 22. Police said two people inside Medawar shot at the robbers, who fled after breaking into a jewelry case. Police believed that at least one suspect had been shot, but that hasn't been confirmed. Witnesses reported the unnamed victims of the robbery had fired shots at the robbers, injuring at least one of them. Police found blood near the store at 4518 Plainfield Ave., NE. During a robbery on Oct. 5, 2010, Paul Medawar secretly called police when robbers came in the store.
Related:
•
2010 robbery:
•
•
That day, they dialed 911 on their office phone, triggering a police response that left robbers rushing out of their store. They spoke briefly to a dispatcher before a robber found them and told them to hang up. They and their son, David, and a store manager, were told to lie on the floor after they opened a safe containing diamonds. Just hours after that 2010 robbery, Paul Medawar said: "It's crazy, but I was calm all along. You always think about stories where people get killed." The robbers fled quickly from that 2010 robbery, then crashed a stolen Jeep into a nearby condominium. "The police got my (911) call. When the robbers left, the police were outside in the parking lot," Medawar said. The driver of the Jeep steered down a 40-foot embankment to avoid a police cruiser. The robbers fled on foot, but within four hours, all three were locked up. Deputies later recovered stolen Rolex watches and diamonds from the crashed Jeep, as well as the gun. John Agar covers crime for MLive/Grand Rapids Press
E-mail John Agar: jagar@mlive.com and follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/ReporterJAgar
DLS Series Converters and Chargers for 12 Volts DC
Using state-of-the-art, switch-mode technology, IOTA Power Converter/Battery Chargers are engineered with the user and variable environmental conditions in mind. Extra care has been given to insure many years of service-free operation, even when subjected to extremely harsh conditions. DLS multi-stage chargers ensure that deep cycle batteries are charged quickly and efficiently without over-charging, and pumps, motors, and fans operate perfectly for prolonged life.
IQ4 Smart Charge Control
The IQ Smart Charge Controller protects your battery by turning any DLS charger into an automatic smart charger, giving the user the benefit of Bulk, Absorption, and Float stage charging. IQ Charge Control is available as an external accessory that plugs into the DLS charger, or as an internal unit already built into the DLS.
They also claim that viewing pornography is abuse, but I'll get to that later. Where to begin, where to begin. . .
Men Stopping Violence (MSV) is a domestic violence organization based in Decatur, Georgia that claims to be “a social change organization dedicated to ending men's violence against women.” Of course, nowhere on the MSV website do they acknowledge that women are the perpetrators in approximately 50% of all abuse cases. Nor do they acknowledge that women are more likely to be the initiators of violence in relationships where there is bidirectional abuse, but, hey, sexist and discriminatory is as sexist and discriminatory does.
MSV is also competing for their fair share of the 4 billion plus dollars of federal and state monies spent annually on women's domestic violence resources, so a little obfuscation of the facts is in order.
Whoopsy! According to the MSV Violent and Controlling Behaviors Checklist, I just abused them. You see, one of the items on this list cites the following as a form of abuse:
Claiming “the truth,” being the authority, defining their behavior, using “logic.”
This reminds me of one of my clients' wives, who, when confronted with the facts about their abusive behaviors when they attempt to rewrite history, occasionally wails, “The truth is mean!” — about their own behavior no less.
To view a copy of the MSV checklist, please click this link for the PDF file: Violent and Controlling Behavior List.
I suppose asking (or begging) someone who muddles their way through life using intractable and convoluted emotional reasoning to focus on the facts may feel like torture to the emotional reasoner, but I disagree. It's is far more abusive to gaslight and browbeat your partner into submitting to one's distorted unreality and non-stop feeling states that often have very little to do with reality. Respectfully asking an emotional reasoner to develop and use critical thinking skills is a noble, if not futile, enterprise. It certainly isn't abusive.
Although, I can see how a man, at the end of their rope after years of emotional abuse who snaps and shouts, “Use your brain, not your feelings, you stupid fool!” might be considered “abuse,” at least upon superficial observation. However, after years of being gaslighted and and having reality twisted and turned around on you, it's actually a pretty understandable response to being abused.
“Not fair! He's smarter than me! They make meeeeeeee feeeeeeeeeeel stupid and irrational when they get all logical! You think you're so smart, don't you?! Quit trying to impose the facts on me! Abuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuse!”
Not true. This type of woman usually doesn't require assistance from anyone to appear ignorant and irrational. While an argument between an emotional reasoner and someone capable of logic and reason may not be a fair fight, it's certainly not abuse.
Now, about that pornography thingy. If a man viewing pornography is abuse, then a woman viewing reality television programs like The Real Housewives of ———– and The Bachelor should also be considered abuse. After all, isn't reality TV really just porno for high-conflict people, particularly female high-conflict people?
It's been my experience that the women who withhold sex and affection and who see relationships as transactional, are typically the ones who insist that men looking at porn is abusive. It's usually the same women who become enraged and feeeel “hurt” if their husbands masturbate. God forbid the men in their lives have a moment's release, even if it's only for 10 minutes a couple of times a week in the shower. Broken men with no sexual outlets are easier to control, you see.
Viewing pornography is not abuse. If the man is not forcing their wife to participate, who cares? If he's not doing it for hours at a time throughout the week, who cares? And, if they are using porn that frequently, cannot stop and needs to look at porn in order to become aroused, then it's more likely they have an addiction problem rather than an abuse problem.
Seems to me that a woman who tries to control their partner's masturbatory activities is the one with the control and abuse problem and not the other way round.
I'd like to say the assertion that the use of logic during an argument is abuse by MSV is an attempt at Swiftian satire, but MSV isn't engaging in satire. They're serious. And so is EMERGE, another domestic violence group based in Boston, Massachusetts, upon whom MSV claims to have based their checklist.
Using the “logic” set forth by MSV and EMERGE, I suppose judges, therapists, psychologists and psychiatrists are all abusers as are scientists and other logic-based professionals. What's next?
Will MSV and other forward thinking domestic violence groups claim that a woman who bruises their knuckles while beating the crap out of their husband is being abused? Just how much further down the rabbit hole are we going to let these groups go?
Domestic violence groups and shelters who perpetuate this kind of nonsense and who only serve female domestic violence victims and discriminate against men and boys should lose their federal and state funding. I for one don't want my tax dollars spent on willful ignorance, dishonesty and blatant sexism and discrimination.
Counseling with Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD
Dr. Tara J. Palmatier, PsyD helps individuals work through their relationship and codependency issues via telephone or Skype. They specialize in helping men and women trying to break free of an abusive relationship, cope with the stress of an abusive relationship or heal from an abusive relationship. Coaching individuals through high-conflict divorce and custody cases is also an area of expertise. They combine practical advice, emotional support and goal-oriented outcomes. Please visit the Schedule a Session page for more information.
Want to Say Goodbye to Crazy? Buy it HERE.
References:
Using logic is domestic violence.
You couldn't make this stuff up.
Right-wing, extremist billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch have ended their pursuit of the Los Angeles Times and other Tribune Co. newspapers after months of protests by community groups, journalists and other free press advocates.
Art Pulaski, executive secretary-treasurer of the California Labor Federation, called the decision by the Kochs to abandon their efforts to buy the Tribune properties, “a major victory for proponents of a free and democratic press.”
For months, the California Labor Federation, media watchdogs and progressive groups have raised serious concerns about the effect of handing control of major news outlets over to the Kochs. The Kochs' interest in the Tribune Co. was no doubt fueled by a desire to further their anti-worker, anti-environment agenda by using those media outlets as a megaphone for their extreme ideas.
The Kochs fund a number of extreme right-wing organizations and are major contributors to the tea party and bankrollers for a host of anti-worker state ballot initiatives and legislation.
Eddie Kurtz of the Courage Campaign, which organized several protests against the sale of the newspapers to the Kochs, told the Los Angeles Times:
We think it's a victory for the people of Los Angeles, the people of California and the people of any city in which Tribune has a newspaper. We think it's a victory for independent news itself.
NORTH Korea appears to be preparing for another missile test, according to a US Defense official.
According to CNN, the official said transporter vehicles carrying ballistic missile launching equipment were seen arriving in Kusong, North Korea on Friday.
When such equipment is seen it means a launch could occur within six days, the official said. This could coincide with the July 27 North Korean Holiday, which celebrates the armistice that ended the North Korean war.
It's understood the rogue nation may be preparing for another intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) or intermediate range missile test.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un claimed the country had successfully tested its first ICBM last month. US officials also confirmed the ballistic missile flew longer than any North Korean missile test conducted by the rogue regime to date. The rocket landed in the Sea of Japan.
The ICBM flew for 37 minutes and reached a height of 2414km, leading missile experts to conclude it could have reached a target 6437km away, putting the US state of Alaska in its crosshairs.
MISSILE THREAT: North Korea launches first ICBM
“The threat is much more immediate now,” National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters prior to the launch. “So it's clear we can't repeat the same failed approach of the past.”
They added: “So the President has directed us not to do that, and to prepare a range of options — including a military option, which nobody wants to take, right?”
Vice Adm. James Syring, the director of the Missile Defence Agency, previously said, if it didn't already exist, it would only be a matter of time until North Korea was able to attack the US.
“We have to assume that the capability exists today to attack the United States,” they said.
MILITARY TENSIONS: How nuclear weapons work
US President Donald Trump mocked the North Korean leader following the latest launch, asking: “Does this guy have anything better to do with their life?”
They also suggested America's allies in the region — Japan and South Korea — will put pressure on the North Korean regime to rein in its nuclear ambitions.
“Hard to believe that South Korea..... and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!”
US TO TEST ANTI-MISSILE SYSTEM IN ALASKA
Meanwhile, the US military is preparing to conduct another test of a missile-intercept system in Alaska, the Pentagon said Monday, amid continued tensions with North Korea over its ballistic missile program.
Pentagon spokesperson Navy Captain Jeff Davis said a routine test of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system had been scheduled to go ahead “soon.” “These tests are done as a routine measure to make sure that the system is ready,” they said.
“They are scheduled well in advance of any other real world geopolitical events going on.” A notice to mariners put out by the US Coast Guard said the test could occur as soon as Saturday.
THAAD is designed to intercept and destroy short-, medium- and intermediate-range ballistic missiles during their final phase of flight.
THAAD is not designed to stop an ICBM — that job is left primarily to the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) interceptor system.
Missile Defense Agency Director Lieutenant General Sam Greaves said in a statement the test would occur at the Pacific Spaceport Complex, Alaska.
“Due to the need to safeguard critical defense information, the (Defense) Department will not provide test details in advance beyond the required safety notifications,” they said.
The military earlier this month successfully tested THAAD against an intermediate-range target, the first successful trial against that type of missile.
I've discussed in a number of blog posts, as well as previous episodes of Tech Interviews, the importance of building a data strategy, a strategy that will allow you to architect and deploy a platform to tackle modern data management challenges.
The term “Data Fabric” is an increasingly common way of describing such a strategy, this was something I first heard 3 years ago at NetApp's annual technical conference Insight, as they introduced their ideas for building a strategy that would start to move them from a storage company to a data management company.
This shift is also in line with what I see in the many businesses I work with, the move from just storing data to using it as something that will enable them to become more data focussed and data-driven organisations.
When NetApp first discussed this three years ago, they where a very different company, accused of living in the past, a traditional storage dinosaur with no place in this modern world, where new storage companies and the ever-growing influence of cloud would destroy a company focussed on selling hardware and of course their operating system Data ONTAP.
But NetApp have changed, today they are moving headlong into a data management future, focussed on allowing their customers to build infrastructures to store data in the most appropriate location at the right time and allowing them to easily move, manage, secure and protect that data, regardless of whether it's on-prem, a virtual appliance or based in the cloud.
Surely then, as NetApp continue to change, their beloved ONTAP operating system can't still play a key part in building a data fabric.
Nothing could be further from the truth, and that is the focus of this episode, as I'm joined by Justin Parisi, Senior Technical Marketing Engineer at NetApp and the host of NetApp's Tech ONTAP podcast.
In this episode, we explore why ONTAP is anything but a legacy bit of technology and how not only is it still relevant, it is right at the core of NetApp's data fabric future.
We look at the fact that ONTAP is a piece of software and although tied to hardware initially that reliance has gone, allowing ONTAP to be a versatile platform that can be installed on specific hardware, your own hardware or not on hardware at all, installed as a service within a public hyperscale cloud.
We discuss how ONTAP is not about storage but is much more focussed on data services, such as security, protection, efficiency and performance.
This ability to deploy ONTAP anywhere also allows us to ensure we can transfer not only our data easily between locations but also our policies and procedures can easily move with it.
We wrap up looking at some of the features in the latest version of ONTAP and how continuous improvements ensure ONTAP remains at the heart of NetApp's data fabric strategy and can play a part in yours.
To find out more about ONTAP visit NetApp's website
You can follow Justin on Twitter @NFSDudeAbides
And hear the excellent Tech ONTAP podcast right here – https://soundcloud.com/techontap_podcast
Next week we look at the development of the hyper-converged market, where it is today and how it needs to change, as I discuss some interesting HCI research with Troy Mangum.
To catch that episode why not subscribe, you'll find Tech Interviews in all the usual podcast places.
Thanks for listening.
Advertisements
Public Policy Polling for Daily Kos & SEIU. 4/19-22. Registered voters. MoE: ±3.1% (4/12-15 results):
Do you think the Constitution should guarantee equal rights for men and women, or not? It should........................................................ 91%
It should not.................................................... 4%
Not sure ......................................................... 5%
Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex.
Once upon a time, these were the scariest words in America:Terrifying, right? Adding these words to the Constitution would lead to the end of civilization as we know it. Or, okay, maybe not the end of civilization so much as co-ed bathrooms. But it was really, really bad. If women had a Constitutional right to equality, why, they might just start demanding equal pay for equal work! And equal access to health care choices! And other horrifying, almost-civilization-ending stuff like that.
Guess what. That almost-civilization-ending notion isn't so scary to anyone but still-alive professional woman-hater Phyllis Schlafly. In fact, PPP found that just about every American believes women's equality should be guaranteed in the Constitution.
Fortunately for those 91 percent of us who aren't Schlafly, there's a bill for that, in both the House and the Senate. It's time—in fact, it's long past time—for women to finally have this basic right.
Click here to become a citizen co-sponsor of the Equal Rights Amendment.
Maurice Clarett is making a comeback. Sort of. He's returning to sports, but not football. Instead, the former Ohio State star running back and one-time Mike Shanahan draft pick has turned to rugby.
And they want to make it onto the U.S. Olympic team. The shame of it for Clarett is if they had taken care of themselves in college, they might still be playing in the NFL. Instead, since helping Ohio State to a National Championship as a first-year student, they were ruled ineligible and drafted in the third round only to be cut and later imprisoned.
Now he's training with the Tiger Rugby Olympic Development Program in Columbus, Ohio. The goal, apparently, is Rio in 2016.
"He's ridiculous. That's all I can say," Tiger Rugby director Paul Holmes told Rugbymag.com. "His footwork is phenomenal. He's nowhere near conditioned for rugby, but that will come. ... The stuff he's doing in the gym right now, he's just ridiculous."
That's what they used to say about them on the football field.
- John Keim
jkeim@washingtonexaminer.com
Ultimate Guide to DECENT Mining
How to install DECENT?
These instructions are for installing DECENT on Ubuntu 16.04. If you're running a different OS, some of the commands may not work properly.
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install build-essential autotools-dev automake autoconf libtool make cmake checkinstall realpath gcc g++ flex bison doxygen gettext git qt5-default libqt5svg5-dev libreadline-dev libcrypto++-dev libgmp-dev libdb-dev libdb++-dev libssl-dev libncurses5-dev libboost-all-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev python-dev libicu-dev libbz2-dev
# Version 1.60.0 is required which is not shipped by default with Ubuntu 16.04 mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-third-party cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-third-party rm -rf boost_1_60_0* boost-1.60.0* wget https://sourceforge.net/projects/boost/files/boost/1.60.0/boost_1_60_0.tar.gz tar xvf boost_1_60_0.tar.gz mkdir boost-1.60.0_prefix cd boost_1_60_0 export BOOST_ROOT=$(realpath ../boost-1.60.0_prefix) ./bootstrap.sh --prefix=$BOOST_ROOT ./b2 install cd .. rm -rf boost_1_60_0 boost_1_60_0.tar.gz
mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation git clone https://github.com/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network.git cd DECENT-Network git submodule update --init --recursive
mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network cmake --build . --target all -- -j -l 3.0 cmake --build . --target install
How to upgrade DECENT daemon?
Backup existing files so that you can get back to them if needed.
BACKUP_NAME="backup.$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H.%M.%S)" mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/${BACKUP_NAME} cp -r ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT* ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/${BACKUP_NAME}
Remove existing folders. Don't worry about the running miner, it will not stop mining.
rm -rf ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-*
cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network git fetch git checkout master git pull git submodule update --init --recursive
Install Boost 1.60.0 to configure environment variables and install DECENT.
# Version 1.60.0 is required which is not shipped by default with Ubuntu 16.04 mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-third-party cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-third-party rm -rf boost_1_60_0* boost-1.60.0* wget https://sourceforge.net/projects/boost/files/boost/1.60.0/boost_1_60_0.tar.gz tar xvf boost_1_60_0.tar.gz mkdir boost-1.60.0_prefix cd boost_1_60_0 export BOOST_ROOT=$(realpath ../boost-1.60.0_prefix) ./bootstrap.sh --prefix=$BOOST_ROOT ./b2 install cd .. rm -rf boost_1_60_0 boost_1_60_0.tar.gz
mkdir -p ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build cd ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network cmake --build . --target all -- -j -l 3.0 cmake --build . --target install
systemctl stop decent ~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build/artifacts/prefix/bin/decentd --replay-blockchain # when done, quit decentd by pressing CTRL+C systemctl start decent
Your miner is upgraded 😇
How to run DECENT?
We will create a systemd service and configure it to run DECENT. It will automatically restart decentd in case it crashes for any reason.
cat > /etc/systemd/system/decent.service <<EOF [Unit] Description=DECENT daemon [Service] TimeoutStartSec=0 User=ubuntu Restart=always ExecStart=/home/ubuntu/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build/artifacts/prefix/bin/decentd [Install] WantedBy=multi-user.target EOF
systemctl daemon-reload systemctl enable decent
Now we're ready to run DECENT
systemctl start decent
You can watch the output of DECENT by running the following command
journalctl -u decent -alf
Now grab a cup of coffee ☕ and wait until the blockchain is synchronized.
How to configure a miner?
First you need to set a password for your wallets, create an account and register your miner.
Use cli_wallet for these steps. To run cli_wallet , execute the following command.
~/dev/DECENTfoundation/DECENT-Network-build/artifacts/prefix/bin/cli_wallet
When you're in wallet, the command line starts with locked >>>
We need to set a new password and unlock your wallet.
set_password pickYourPassword unlock pickYourPassword
Now you have unlocked a wallet which is indicated by unlocked >>> at the beginning of command line.
Let's import your DECENT Go wallet.
First create an account on www.decentgo.com if you don't already have one.
After creating an account open the Security settings and click on "Recovery Phrase". This will show your private key you will need in the next step.
Copy encrypted wallet address from your Wallet and enter it into the following command along with your private key.
import_key your_decentgo_username your_private_key
This command has imported your wallet into cli_wallet . In case you're getting an error message, wait until your DECENT daemon has synchronized blockchain. Unless the blockchain is completely synchronized, you cannot import your wallet and you'll get an error message.
After you have imported your wallet successfully, execute the following command three times to get 3 sets of keys which will be used for mining.
suggest_brain_key
We will number these keys as key #1, #2 and #3.
They will be used to create a mining account and configure your miner. In the next step we will create a mining account.
register_account your_mining_account_username pub_key#1 pub_key#2 your_decentgo_username true
Mining account needs to have a balance of at least 1 DCT to be eligible for mining.
Transfer DCT from your DECENT Go wallet to your mining account to fund your miner.
transfer your_decentgo_username your_mining_account_username 5.00 DCT "Mining deposit" true
We will now import your mining account to configure miner.
import_key your_mining_account_username wif_priv_key#2
After importing your mining account, close cli_wallet by pressing ctrl + D .
Open ~/.decent/data/decentd/config.ini and save your private key so that you don't have to import it with every cli_wallet run.
private-key = ["pub_key#2","wif_priv_key#2"]
Run cli_wallet again and create a miner.
unlock your_password create_miner your_mining_account_username "URL to proposal" true
It is advised to change your keypair to key #3 which will be used as a signing key.
update_miner your_mining_account_username "URL to proposal" pub_key#3 true
Retrieve your miner's "id" by running the following command. It will be used to update config.ini file.
get_miner your_mining_account_username
Copy the value which starts with "1.4." and update your ~/.decent/data/decentd/config.ini .
Also replace the private-key with key #3.
config.ini
miner-id = "1.4.X" private-key = ["pub_key#3","wif_priv_key#3"]
You're ready to start mining 😇
Restart your DECENT daemon — happy mining!
systemctl restart decent
How to run a backup miner node?
Each miner is identified by a signing key which is a combination of private key and public key.
In the previous examples we have already configured our miner to use key #3. If you'd like to run a backup miner node, you will need a new key #4. Generate the key in cli_wallet by running suggest_brain_key .
To deploy a new miner, follow this guide and deploy a miner to a new server.
Since you already have a mining account you can skip all steps related to creation and update of the account.
Just deploy a miner and use key #4 in config.ini as a private_key .
In case you primary miner stops mining due to for example server unavailability, you need to manually switch the signing key used for mining. Open cli_wallet and run the following command.
update_miner your_mining_account_username "URL to proposal" pub_key#4 true
This will change the signing key used by your miner and your backup node will start mining Decent automatically.
How does miner voting work? a.k.a. What does Total Votes mean?
Total votes is a metric which determines if your miner is assigned any mining work. Based on the total votes the top X miners are selected and assigned mining work in the current maintenance interval.
At the time of writing the maintenance interval is set to 24 hours and the first 33 miners are assigned mining work. These parameters can be proposed to be changed in the future. If the proposal gets enough votes (a.k.a. support) it passes.
To determine the current interval and top X miners, use the following command.
get_global_properties { "parameters": { ... "maintenance_interval": 86400, # interval in seconds, 86400 seconds = 24 hours ... }, "active_miners": [ # count the miners to get top X miner count "1.4.19", "1.4.48", "1.4.36", "1.4.44", "1.4.152", "1.4.142", "1.4.165", "1.4.27", "1.4.166", "1.4.167", "1.4.14", "1.4.74", "1.4.83", "1.4.118", "1.4.120", "1.4.148", "1.4.149", "1.4.146", "1.4.119", "1.4.174", "1.4.111", "1.4.175", "1.4.176", "1.4.241", "1.4.236", "1.4.242", "1.4.247", "1.4.244", "1.4.243", "1.4.246", "1.4.216", "1.4.30", "1.4.223" ] }
Based on Total votes your miner can be assigned work.
Total votes is the sum of DCT balance on accounts of users who voted for your miner at the time of maintenance interval.
This means that if someone votes for you with 100 DCT in their account, you receive Total votes worth 100 DCT. In case the 100 DCT is later moved to a different account, you lose 100 DCT worth of Total votes during the next maintenance interval.
A single account can vote for multiple miners. Every miner voted for by the account receives the same amount of votes. In this case each miner receives votes worth 100 DCT.
To see how many votes your miner has, use the following command.
get_miner your_mining_account_username { ... "total_votes": "12336400000000", ... }
In our case the miner has 12336400000000 votes which is equal to 12 336 400 000 000 / 100 000 000 = 123 364 DCT worth of votes.
Need help?
Feel free to reach out in #mining on DECENT Slack if you have problems running your miner. My name is moonstalker and I'll be happy to help.
If this guide was helpful, consider voting for my miner 😇
vote_for_miner YOUR_ACCOUNT moonstalker true true
This page is sponsored
× Federal court rules “Five-Second Rule” unconstitutional
(KTVI)- Police in Ferguson will no longer be able to force non-law breaking protesters to keep moving on sidewalks. On Monday, a federal court ruled that the so-called “Five-Second Rule” that was enforced during the Ferguson protests is not constitutional.
In September, the ACLU filed a lawsuit challenging that the law is not allowed under the First Amendment.
Federal Judge Catherine Perry granted a preliminary injunction Monday afternoon in the lawsuit Mustafa Abdullah v. Saint Louis County et al., regarding the “five-second rule.” Following the shooting death of Michael Brown, an order was given to protesters to keep moving. If a protester was in one place for at least five seconds, they could be arrested.
Previous Story: County police chief admits officers broke Ferguson 5-second protest rule
Google Keep is probably the best Google service that most people don't use.
Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But it's an obsolete label. They've grown beyond their roots, now offering collaborative workflow, reminders, checklists, geofencing, optical character recognition, voice transcription, sketching and more.
A few years ago, I would have recommended Evernote. But over the summer, Evernote took a wrong turn. The company changed its pricing structure in a way that practically forces users to pay or quit. Specifically, Evernote added limitations to the free version, called Evernote Basic. It's now accessible via a maximum of two devices per year -- a total deal-killer, as far as I'm concerned. They limit uploads to 60 megabytes per month, which is absurdly low. And they raised prices on premium tiers. The paid versions of Evernote now cost $34.99, $69.99 and $120 per year.
[ Further reading: 7 unexpected ways collaboration software can boost productivity ]
Alternatives abound.
Microsoft OneNote is a great choice for people invested in the Microsoft world -- Windows users who subscribe to Microsoft Office 365 or who carry a Windows Phone.
Apple Notes is rudimentary, but ideal for people who use a lot of Apple products but not many Google products and heavy Siri users who feel comfortable in the warm embrace of iCloud.
For most people, however, I recommend Google Keep, especially for anyone who uses the many products Keep integrates with. These include Chrome, Calendar, Gmail, Photos, Drive, Docs, Google Now, Google Assistant and Google Home. The integration of Keep with these other apps is powerful stuff.
Keep is best in class for three unsurprising reasons, given that it's Google we're talking about here. Keep's integration with other apps, search and artificial intelligence (A.I.) are all superior to the competition. (You'll see these advantages in the tips below.)
Some people still think Keep is just a dumb sticky-note app. I'm here to tell you that since Keep launched more than three and a half years ago, Google has quietly added so many new features (many leveraging Google's powerful A.I.) that it's a completely different product now.
Google will almost certainly unveil an API at some point, enabling third-party companies to create apps and services that read or write notes.
Meanwhile, Google will probably integrate Keep deeper into a growing range of Google products.
The most transformational of these integrations will be into the Google Assistant, Google's next-generation A.I. virtual assistant. In the same way Assistant will scan your email, calendar and other data-packed Google apps, Assistant will also scan Keep and make all the information in Keep available to you through a conversation or chat.
When Assistant can use Keep remembering things for you, it will feel like part of your mind. It will whisper reminders in your ear and provide you with any information in Keep whenever you ask for it.
So if you plan to use Google Assistant, now is the time to start populating Keep with all your personal facts, information and ideas.
Besides, I think Keep is already the best note-taking app out there. Here are the amazing things you can do right now with Google Keep.
Instantly capture anything
When you get an idea or encounter information in the world that you want to remember forever, Keep captures quickly.
Use a widget on the Today screen for iOS or home screen on Android for one-tap capture. The widget shows four buttons: "Note," "List," "Photo" and "Audio." One tap and you're off to the races.
iPhone users: Place the Keep icon as one of your four "Dock" icons for quickest access. If you've got an iPhone 6s or later, use 3D Touch: Press hard on the icon and choose from "New Audio Note," "New Photo Note," "New List" or "New Note."
The fastest choice is Audio -- just select and talk, and your words will be captured and even typed out in searchable text.
If you need to capture written information -- on a whiteboard, sign, business card, menu, article, contract, license plate or even a screen -- tap the "Photo" button and take a picture. Keep scans and captures the words in that photo, making the note searchable. To extract the words, tap on the photo and choose "Grab image text" from the menu. The words in the photo will be transformed into text. You can also import into Keep photos you've already taken, and those will be scanned, too.
The word-scanning feature works for the English language only, but Google Keep project manager Mario Anima told me more languages will be added in the future.
(Bonus tip: Both the audio you record and photos you take in Keep are stored in Google Drive and count against your Drive storage limit. After Keep extracts text, you can delete the recording or photo and keep just the words.)
Of course, you can also choose "Note" or "List" to capture free-form text or checkbox lists. In a "Note," you can use asterisks or hyphens for bullet lists, and Keep auto-creates the next bullet. In a "List," Google uses A.I. to guess what items you're adding, which speeds up list-making.
With the "OK Google" command on Android phones, you can create notes by just talking. You can even add and edit lists by voice alone. For example: "OK, Google: Create a shopping list with kale and milk." You can then change your mind by saying: "Remove kale" and "Change 'milk' to 'non-fat milk.' (After the list is saved you can add new items by voice alone, but not change or remove them.)
If you use Google's Chrome browser, install the Keep Chrome extension and also the Chrome app -- just go to the Keep site and find the app page option on the hamburger menu. By pressing the Keep button that the browser extension installs, you'll capture a link to the currently selected tab, with an opportunity to add a note.
Speaking of browsers, open each of your most frequently used Keep labels in a separate tab for quick capture and reference while using your PC or laptop. When you're already in a specific label category, new notes will automatically be tagged for that category.
Or, better yet, run the Chrome browser app, shrink it to a skinny column and keep it open next to your browser for instant access while you work.
Remember faster
Google Keep has an amazing search function. But when you click or tap on the "Search" icon, and before you can even search, you'll be presented with options for finding stuff. These options include note type ("Reminders," "Lists" and "Photos"), labels (which you can create by either using the pop-out menu or by creating hashtags in the notes; each note can have as many labels as you want), people (the complete list of people you've shared notes with or who have shared notes with you), things (Google's A.I. auto-categorization of your notes, which includes categories like "Books," "Food," "Movies," "Music," "Places," "Travel," and others) and colors.
Add Reminders in Keep (not Inbox)
Google Reminders is a feature that spans three products: Inbox, Keep and Calendar. The feature lets you be alerted based on time and date or location -- for example, you can set a reminder to pick up your dry cleaning next time you drive near the cleaner's. You can also set recurring reminders.
Most users enter Reminders from Inbox. But adding them in Keep is better. Reminders added in Keep show up in Inbox, but those added in Inbox do not show up in Keep. (Reminders show up in Calendar, regardless.)
The Keep interface for Reminders is better than in Inbox. You can use the full range of options: "Notes," "List," "Photo" and "Audio." Just create any kind of Keep note, then tap on the Reminders icon.
Use Keep as a "smart napkin"
The Android version of Keep allows free-form sketching and hand-written notes, just as you might do on a napkin at a lunch meeting. (The iOS version of Keep will get this feature soon, according to Google's Anima.) The difference is that Google applies amazing A.I. to make your doodles searchable. Google can recognize and convert into text most hand-written scribbles. Even more amazing, Google A.I. can even recognize some of your drawings. So if you sketch a house, a car and a martini glass, you should be able to find the sketch later by searching for these words. Google recently demoed this A.I. inside a fun game called Quick Draw. Google guesses what you're drawing in real time, as you're drawing it.
Open the Keep app for Android and tap "New drawing." You can also add a drawing to an existing note or draw all over a photo imported into Keep. Once you're in drawing mode, use the various drawing and highlight tools to enhance your drawings.
Prioritize your mind
Use drag-and-drop to rearrange your notes or "pin" notes to the top.
Here's a secret shortcut that brings any note to the top of the rotation, but not "pinned": Archive the note, then un-archive. When it emerges from the Archive, it will be placed as if it were a new note (the "archive" button is a box with an arrow on it).
Incubate your ideas
Don't just capture your ideas in Keep. Develop them over time. This is the single best Keep tip for creators. Sure, when genius strikes, capture the idea. But go back and spend quality time with your notes. When you have further thoughts or find related facts or resources, add them to the existing note. Write entire passages (because ideas about how to express or articulate something need to be captured, too).
You can also dragoon others into helping you to develop your ideas by simply tapping on the "Share" button on the desktop version or the "Collaborators" item on the mobile app's "More options" menu.
Is your idea ready to hatch? "Graduate" the Keep note into a Google doc. On the mobile app, the "Copy to Google docs" option is on the "plus" button in the lower left. On the desktop browser version, it's on the "More options" menu (the vertical dots).
Each note can be up to 20,000 characters in length, roughly 12 times the length of this column, and the title field maxes out at 1,000 characters. For lists, each item can be up to 1,000 characters and you can have up to 999 items per list.
Think of Google Keep as a peripheral to your mind
Make Google Keep central to your life. Use it obsessively. When you do that, it becomes a mirror to your mind, an extension to your thought processes that never forgets -- a nursery for your best ideas, projects, goals and plans.
As Google evolves Keep's A.I. and connects it to the services you use every day, the distance between inspiration and execution grows ever shorter.
Google Keep isn't a dumb yellow sticky note app. It's an always-present, A.I.-powered tool that magnifies the powers of your mind.
DC Comics has previously announced that Peter Tomasi is writing an 8-part Super League story. The story will take place in SUPERMAN, BATMAN/SUPERMAN, SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN and ACTION COMICS over April and May of 2016.
The full May solicits will be releases next Tuesday, but here's the information and covers for this arc.
SUPERMAN #51
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Mikel Janin, cover by John Romita, Jr. and Klaus Janson, is on sale APRIL 6.
It's the start of a new chapter in the Man of Steel's life that will change everything you know as the epic eight-part “Super League,” all written by Peter J. Tomasi, spans SUPERMAN, BATMAN/SUPERMAN, SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN and ACTION COMICS in April and May!
BATMAN/SUPERMAN #31
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Doug Mahnke and Jaime Mendoza, cover by Yanick Paquette, is on sale APRIL 13.
In part two of “Super League,” Superman enlists Batman's aid in seeking out people that can help form their new super-league…
ACTION COMICS #51
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Fernando Pasarin, cover by Karl Kerschl, is on sale APRIL 20.
Superman is shocked to learn that Kara has been missing for some time as part three of “Super League” begins!
SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN #28
Written by Peter J. TomasI, art by Ed Benes, cover by Paul Renaud, is on sale APRIL 27.
In part four of “Super League,” Wonder Woman and Superman encounter the being that was discovered in BATMAN/SUPERMAN #31.
BATMAN/SUPERMAN #32
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Tyler Kirkham, cover by Yanick Paquette, is on sale MAY 4.
“Super League” continues this month as Kal-El's bid to strengthen their forces brings him, Batman and Wonder Woman into China and into conflict with the might of that nation's greatest heroes: the Great 10!
ACTION COMICS #52
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Fernando Pasarin, cover by John Romita Jr. and Klaus Janson, is on sale MAY 11.
“Super League” continues—as two Supermen meet at last: pre-New 52 Superman meets the current Clark.
SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN #29
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art by Doug Mahnke and Jaime Mendoza, cover by Karl Kerschl, is on sale MAY 18
It's the penultimate chapter of “Super League”! When all the Supermen have fallen, it's Supergirl to the rescue!
SUPERMAN #52
Written by Peter J. Tomasi, art and cover by Mikel Janin, is on sale MAY 25.
The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Toronto alternative R&B singer the Weeknd will be honoured at Canada's Walk of Fame Show next month.
Organizers say the 24-year-old will receive the Allan Slaight Award at the event on Oct. 18.
The annual award, which comes with a $10,000 honorarium, "recognizes young, inspirational Canadians who have achieved international success" in various fields.
Last year's recipient was Carly Rae Jepsen.
The Weeknd is the stage name for Toronto native Abel Tesfaye, who rose to fame in 2011 with several online mixtapes and a Drake collaboration.
He's since launched their own record label, released a studio album and earned two Juno Awards.
The Walk of Fame show at Toronto's Sony Centre for the Performing Arts will air on Global later this year.
"The Weeknd has catapulted into the mainstream in a relatively short period of time," Melanie Hurley, CEO of Canada's Walk of Fame, said in a statement. "He is a uniquely talented artist who is driven and dedicated to their work. Their overall contribution to music in Canada is something to be applauded, and we are proud to recognize them this year with this award."
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: With the Wisconsin primary just a day away, Democratic presidential challengers Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders sparred over the weekend over whether fossil fuel lobbyists are funding Clinton's campaign. The dispute took center stage after video emerged of a Greenpeace activist questioning Clinton at a campaign rally at the State University of New York in Purchase Thursday. You have to listen very closely to the interaction between the activist and Hillary Clinton.
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Will you act on your word to reject fossil fuel money in the future in your campaign?
HILLARY CLINTON: I do not have—I have money from people who work for fossil fuel companies. I am so sick—
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Yeah, and registered lobbyists.
HILLARY CLINTON: I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me! I'm sick of it!
AMY GOODMAN: During a rally on Friday in Wisconsin, Bernie Sanders called on Hillary Clinton to apologize for characterizing remarks they made about the oil and gas industry's donations to their campaign as lies.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: Yesterday, some of you may know, Secretary Clinton was met with by a environmental activist at a forum that they held, and the activist asked them if they would reject money from the fossil fuel industry, which I have. And the reason I have—the reason I have is that I happen to believe that climate change is one of the great crises facing our planet. But Secretary Clinton said in response to this young woman, they said they were sick—quote, “sick of the Sanders campaign lying about,” end of quote, contributions they received from the fossil fuel industry. Well, Secretary Clinton owes us an apology. We went online. We were telling the truth. The truth is—the truth is that Secretary Clinton has relied heavily on funds from lobbyists working for the oil, gas and coal industry. According to an analysis done by Greenpeace, Hillary Clinton's campaign and their super PAC have received more than $4.5 million from the fossil fuel industry. In fact, 57 oil, gas and coal industry lobbyists have directly contributed to their campaign, with 43 of them contributing the maximum allowed for the primary. And these are not just workers in the fossil fuel industry, these are paid registered lobbyists. Secretary Clinton, you owe our campaign an apology. We were telling the truth.
AMY GOODMAN: On Sunday, Meet the Press host Chuck Todd asked Hillary Clinton about their ties to the fossil fuel industry.
HILLARY CLINTON: I have been working to try to move us away from fossil fuels for many years. When I was in the Senate, I introduced legislation to take away the subsidies. I voted against the Dick Cheney's energy bill in 2005. And I could go on and on. When I got to be secretary of state, I was at the original meeting in 2009 with President Obama, where we were trying to convince China and India and others to come on board with accepting some restrictions—
CHUCK TODD: Right.
HILLARY CLINTON: —that would lead to what finally occurred with the Paris agreement. So, when people make these kinds of claims, which now I think have been debunked. Actually, The Washington Post said “three Pinocchios.” The New York Times also analyzed it, and other independent analysts have said that they are misrepresenting my record. I'm just not going to—I feel sorry sometimes for the young people who, you know, believe this. They don't do their own research. And I'm glad that we can now point to a reliable independent analysis to say, no, it's just not true.
AMY GOODMAN: Joining us now is Eva Resnick-Day. She's the Greenpeace activist who confronted Hillary Clinton Thursday. Also with us, Charlie Cray, research specialist for Greenpeace and lead researcher on the fossil fuel lobbyists' contributions to the Clinton campaign. According to Greenpeace's research, the Clinton campaign has received more than four-and-a-half million dollars from lobbyists, bundlers and large donors connected to the fossil fuel industry. Clinton maintains she's received about $330,000 from individuals who work for fossil fuel companies.
We welcome you both to Democracy Now! Eva Resnick-Day, let's start with you. Describe the scene at the university, State University of New York—Purchase, when you were able to question Hillary Clinton. How hard was it to get to her?
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Absolutely. So, it's pretty difficult to make sure that you'll get to the front of a rally and even have the opportunity to stick your hand out and, hopefully, get to ask a question to Secretary Clinton. We, myself and an activist from 350 Action named Miles, had to wait about six hours in order to make sure that we were at the front of the line to even get the opportunity to propose this question.
AMY GOODMAN: Had you been trying before this day?
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Absolutely. This is a larger climate movement of thousands of activists across the country who have showed up to rallies, to protest at fundraisers, demanding that whoever our future leader is is accountable to the people and not contributions and corporations in their campaign.
AMY GOODMAN: They say you're a Bernie Sanders representative who was trying to bird-dog them Is that true?
EVA RESNICK-DAY: It's absolutely not true. I am a democracy organizer for Greenpeace USA. I have no affiliation to the Sanders campaign. And Greenpeace is an independent organization that does not support or oppose candidates.
AMY GOODMAN: So, explain—
EVA RESNICK-DAY: We only work on issues.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain what it was you exactly asked them and what they replied.
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Yeah, thank you so much. So the first part of my question seems to never make it into the news, and that was: “Thank you so much for tackling climate change. Will you act on those words and reject future fossil fuel money in your campaign?”
AMY GOODMAN: And what was them answer?
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Them answer was: “I have only taken money from employees of the oil and gas industry, and I'm so sick of the Sanders campaign lying.” And I don't know if you could hear it, but in the video I also tried to interject, but wasn't able to, “Also, fossil fuel lobbyist money.”
AMY GOODMAN: And explain what you mean.
EVA RESNICK-DAY: So, 57 registered coal, oil and gas lobbyists have directly donated or bundled more than $1.3 million to the Hillary Clinton campaign. And these lobbyists are people whose job it is to make connections with Senator Clinton to influence their policy going forward. And giving their money in the campaign, they're clearly trying to find influence. And I don't think that that is how democracy should work. It should be democracy for the people, not registered lobbyists.
AMY GOODMAN: And what is the pledge that you were asking them to sign?
EVA RESNICK-DAY: Yeah, so Greenpeace and 20 other organizations launched a pledge to fix democracy, asking all presidential candidates to reject future fossil fuel money from lobbyists in their campaigns and also to champion campaign finance reform and restore voting rights for everyone.
The meaning of a book goes far beyond mere printed words. Books are symbols – for knowledge, fantasy, curiosity and so many other things – and even in an increasingly digital world where many books are only available in electronic format, these collections of bound pages maintain their hold upon our collective psyche. Perhaps that's why they make such a startlingly unexpected and emotive medium for art of all kinds, from towering art installations to delicate paper sculptures. These 12 works of book art and architecture transcend the messages contained in the pages, both celebrating the books' intrinsic value and tearing it down to convey something new.
A Building Made of Books
This incredible tower of books is real – but it's not exactly what you think. Built by artist Matej Kren, who previously built a similar book building in Prague, “Scanner” was a walk-through exhibit wherein the visitor enters a seemingly infinite tunnel with books that go on and on. It was, indeed, created with thousands of books, but mirrors enhance the effect.
“Mirrors become an instrument to create illusion and, at the same time, to unmask it. Since the public can easily see themselves reflected in a false infinite – thus discovering the illusion – the problem becomes the latency of perception.”
Tree of Codes
A work of both art and literature, and a commentary on the limitations of digital publishing, Jonathon Safran Foer's book Tree of Codes relishes the physicality of paper and the ways in which it can be manipulated for enhanced value. Each page is die-cut to reveal only certain words – taken from The Street of Crocodiles by Bruno Schulz – in a printing technique that reveals a message in patterns. The concept was rejected by one printer after another before Belgium's Die Keure agreed to take it on. Does this work defy translation into digital reading devices? Some say the effect could be reproduced using Flash, but it just wouldn't be the same.
Robert The: Book Works
Artist and mathematician Robert The got their start working with books after a brief, unexplained period in which they were left unable to read cultivated a new appreciation for letters as symbols, and all of the information and emotion they are able to convey. Rescuing discarded books from dumpsters, The began cutting them into shapes (including their well-known book guns), sometimes interlocking them into puzzling sculptures.
Mike Stilkey's Painted Book Sculptures
The melancholy characters of artist Mike Stilkey are even more captivating when they stand seven feet tall, painted onto an installation of 5,000 books. Stilkey's paintings on individual book pages gradually morphed into painting down the spines of stacked books. Like so many other book artists, Stilkey finds inspiration in the imagined lives of the books' former owners. “I'm always interested in the notes or messages left in the books by people who used to own them. I would look for discarded or forgotten items left in the books. One time I found two unused plane tickets to New York from 1967.”
Su Blackwell's Delicate Trees
Artist Su Blackwell coaxes life from the pages of a book, not through vivid descriptions but through very precise cuts. “Paper has been used for communication since its invention; either between humans or in an attempt to communicate with the spirit world. I employ this delicate, accessible medium and use irreversible, destructive processes to reflect on the precariousness of the world we inhabit and the fragility of our life, dreams and ambitions.”
Tom Bendtsen Book Installations
Each of Tom Bendtsen's book sculptures in their ‘Arguments' series is made of at least 10,000 books, and, they say, “sought to reflect the fragility of arguments, which are mostly inflexible in a history that is fluid.” While some earlier work considered the text of the books – getting more and more superficial as the tower gets higher – their more recent towers are concerned with color and form, using the books like pixels.
What Have We Become? By Nicholas Galanin
Trained in both ‘traditional' and contemporary approaches to art, Alaskan native Nicholas Galanin uses the unusual medium of books to explore and celebrate their Aleut/Tlingit heritage in the series “What Have We Become?” Galanin redefines the term ‘native art' to fit into the modern world, sculpting three-dimensional human faces out of a book that tells the tale of their people, Under Mount Saint Elias. “.The complexities of cultural growth and interaction create preconceived ideals, perspectives and viewpoints. Through action and creative risk taking, I, as an artist am able to partake in this cultural development.”
Jacqueline Rush Lee
To artist Jacqueline Rush Lee, there's nothing inspiring about blank canvas. They desire meaning in the medium itself – making books the ideal material to shape, alter and sometimes destroy. But don't be too quick to criticize this type of book art for destroying perfectly good books, they argue: the books are being given new life.
“I am drawn to the aesthetic of a hand-worn book?say the way that a book has been taped lovingly together, or one that speaks of someone having handled it for a very long time as a precious object. I am also attracted to the marginalia in books and how there is this whole other intimacy and world within books that go beyond the story and the work of the original author. And then, you know, you see that these intimate precious objects are then dumped at a used library space and you wonder about the lives of whom these people were who had owned the books.”
Light Reading by Lucy Norman
Did you know that thousands of books are unsold even when offered for mere pennies or even free? These unwanted books end up in the landfill, because there's currently no infrastructure to recycle the paper, which is low-grade and edged in glue. Lucy Norman turns such rejected books into beautiful chandeliers that are equal parts art and décor, making them beautiful to look at even if their words can no longer be read.
Biografias by Alicia Martin
The stories of five thousand lives are twisted into a whirlwind and thrown out windows in Biografias, an installation in Cordoba, Spain by artist Alicia Martin. It's as if the books have become living entities in themselves, joining together into a monstrous creation that demands notice and attention. “No longer shut away in libraries or reduced to a furnishing accessory, the books/work of this artist turn into a shapeless incumbent concretion that tenaciously clings to the walls of the gallery and seems to elude the laws of gravity,” says the curator at Galleria Galica.
Veronica Salazar: Book of Art
Millions of words contained within the books that form the basis of Veronica Salazar's art are either condensed into a single word or discarded altogether in favor of a new message. The pages are precisely folded to reveal messages that the artist considers inspirational, like ‘Read' and ‘Dream'. “I see my work as a way to display a meaningful piece of art onto a book that would otherwise sit on a shelf and collect dust; it's also my way of recycling a book that might otherwise end up in a landfill,” they say.
Building Made of 7,000 Phone Books
Using books of a different sort – antiquated volumes filled with phone numbers – architect Richard Kroeker and a team of students from the Dalhousie University Department of Architecture in Nova Scotia created a building not for art, but rather as an experiment in adaptability. Even if production stopped today, millions of phone books are still in existence around the world – what are we going to do with them all? In this case, 7,000 books were stacked in columns reinforced with metal and covered in a basket weave facade. The books are so dense that wood can be screwed directly into them.
The CAG's performance audit process invited a lot of attention and criticism, to put it mildly, and not least for the so-called humongous figure that my team and I “conjured up out of nowhere”, establishing the loss to the national exchequer. There was and has been a lot of debate on why the CAG computed the potential or presumptive loss to the national exchequer. One needn't go further than the March 2002 auditing standards released under the signature of the then CAG VK Shunglu:
“With regard to fraudulent practice or serious financial irregularities detected during audit or examined by audit, a written report should be prepared. This report should indicate the scope of audit, main findings, total amount involved, modus operandi of the fraud or the irregularity, accountability for the same and recommendations for improvement of internal control system, fraud prevention and detection measures to safeguard against recurrence of fraud/serious financial irregularity.”
It is clear that audit is duty bound to report on any perceived loss of revenue.
It wasn't only the fact of calculating the loss, but also the methodology of computing it that attracted widespread attention. The formula applied for computing the loss was used after requisite deliberation, and based on a logical understanding of tax laws in India and abroad. The other option before the audit team was to use mathematical or econometric modelling. Such models are premised on certain assumptions, which may or may not hold true in real life market situations and would thus be vulnerable to criticism. Hence, the modelling methodology was given the go. Audit was also aware that too much was at stake for far too many important and influential people, and it could not take the risk of having its computation being vulnerable to the intense examination it was bound to be subjected to. It was thus decided to use data and other indicators which were already in the public domain. The parameters that were thus used were:
the rate offered by S Tel, as against what the government had fixed [S Tel was one of the applicants for spectrum license];
the sale of equity of new licensees, as recorded in the stock exchange;
and the rates which emerged after the 3G auction.
Parameter 1: Let us accept the contention of the DoT that the FCFS procedure was then the established practice, and that it was only natural for the department to take that route.
All the concerned departments, including the PMO, had objected to the entry fee of 2001 being made applicable for new operators in 2008. The DoT decided, against such advice, to charge the entry fee discovered in 2001, even for new licensees under the Unified Access Services (UAS) regime. The entry fee for a pan-India UAS licence discovered in 2001 was Rs 1,651 crore. In view of the rapid changes which had catapulted teledensity from 3.58 in 2001 to 26.22 in 2008, the incongruity of applying that price was staring everyone in the face.
When the DoT was in the process of releasing spectrum at that price, S Tel, one of the bidding companies, wrote to the prime minister (in November 2007) volunteering to pay an additional revenue share of Rs 6,000 crore. In a subsequent communication (dated 27 December 2007), the company enhanced this offer to Rs 13,752 crore over a period of ten years for an allotment of 6.2 MHz. It also offered to increase its bid in the event of a counter bid. These developments occurred much before the LoIs were issued, providing ample time for the government to rethink and re-evaluate its course of action.
There could have been no clearer indication of what the market could bear for allotment of spectrum. Had this price been accepted by the DoT, they would have realised Rs 65,909 crore as against Rs 12,386 crore realised for 122 new licences and 35 licences under dual technology. In fact, upon finding that their offer had not being accepted, S Tel went to the Delhi High Court and got the court to direct the government to reconsider its offer. When even the reconsideration did not yield positive results, the company approached the Supreme Court. This is indicative of their seriousness to pursue their bid. They finally withdrew their bid in March 2010, when their competitors had already got their UAS licenses along with spectrum and had established their infrastructure.
Very many arguments based on technicalities have been offered against this parameter being used by the CAG. However, the entire narration of the sincere attempt by S Tel, and the substantially higher price it was offering in comparison to that fixed by the DoT, is clearly indicative of the revenue foregone by not applying a realistically benchmarked price, based on a reading of what the market could bear.
Parameter 2: The total foreign direct investment (FDI) permissible to an applicant company was 74 per cent.
The level of foreign investment that several new entrants, along with existing licensees, were able to attract after getting the spectrum license was exceedingly illuminating. In the case of Unitech, which had no previous experience in the telecom business, Telenor, a Norwegian company, agreed to acquire a 67.25 per cent stake for Rs 6,120 crore. Tata Teleservices sold a 27.31 per cent stake to NTT Docomo at a value of Rs 12,924 crore. Even Swan Telecom sold 44.73 per cent stake to Etisalat International at Rs 3,217 crore.
Is that not clearly indicative of the value the market attached to the 2G spectrum licence? Even a cursory back-of-the-envelope calculation will indicate that licenses which could have fetched between 8,000 to 9,000 crore were priced at 1,658 crore by DoT. Hence, one reaches the the inescapable conclusion that the revenue which could have accrued to the national exchequer was gifted to the new licensees in the form of huge capital infusion for enriching businesses. Can the CAG then be faulted for its commonsense conclusion? Here again, various arguments have been trotted out that this was for additional equity being infused and was not a direct profit to the licensees. Again, did this not indicate that the scrip of that company could command that price only after being awarded the spectrum licence?
Parameter 3: The avowed government policy of FCFS gave way to the process of auction for 3G allocation.
This was completed on 31 May 2010, and fetched the government handsome revenue. The rationale or logic of this comparison as a parameter for computing loss lies in the CAG taking note of TRAI's report of 2010, wherein it stated that 2G licensees were, in fact, offering more than 2G capability: “While comparing spectral efficiency and other factors, it is fair to compare the existing 2.75G systems with 3G systems.” Hence, we compared the revenue accrual of 2G with that of 3G.
And this brought us to the presumptive loss figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore. These are merely indicative figures. They convey an order of magnitude. No doubt, the media and public imagination were captured by this figure, and the government got fixated on it.
In computing presumptive losses, we have clearly stated that while the fact of loss to the national exchequer can hardly be denied, the quantum of loss can be debated. We sincerely believe that the government itself validated our computations by debating the loss – from the now famous “zero loss hypothesis” to the Rs 32,000 crore mentioned by the CBI.
Excerpted with permission from Not Just An Accountant: The Diary Of The Nation's Conscience Keeper, Vinod Rai, Rupa Publications.
We rely on trillions of bacteria, fungi, archaea and viruses in our mouth, on our skin and in our gut to get through the day and to stay healthy. Scientists had no way to study most of these microbes, which do not seem to want to grow in laboratory cultures. Rapidly improving, low-cost genetic-sequencing technologies are finally making it possible, however. By working with our microbes instead of against them, scientists are coming up with intriguing approaches to tackling persistent diseases and improving our overall health.
A few years ago scientists could only dream of studying large communities of microorganisms, but now such experiments are manageable and affordable, says David Relman, a professor at the Stanford University School of Medicine. This new field of metagenomics is giving scientists profiles of what microbe populations look like in the gut of people who are healthy—and in the gut of people who have various conditions and diseases. Armed with these data, scientists are poised to explore the possibility of manipulating the balance of our microbiota as treatments for obesity, inflammatory bowel disease and many other common and uncommon ailments.
For example, researchers have profiled the populations of organisms in people with ulcerative colitis, which forms ulcers in the colon and is linked to changes in the gut's flora. Building on the results, this summer pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson (J&J) announced a $6.5-million deal with Second Genome, a microbiome start-up, to develop treatments. Current approaches, which center on anti-inflammatory drugs, immunosuppressant medications and surgery, are often unsuccessful. A therapy that directly alters the microbiome would potentially create fewer side effects and fend off other infections down the road.
The J&J deal is a watershed, says Rita Colwell, who holds health appointments at the University of Maryland and Johns Hopkins University. “There's a moment for any new biotechnology that's critically important: when it moves from being an area of academic interest to one that companies are founded on,” they note. “And then there is the next step: when the big pharma money arrives.”
The new treatments would be a big improvement over current attempts to improve the microbiome, which consist mainly of fecal transplants and probiotics—live bacterial cultures in supplements or foods such as yogurt. Fecal transplants have alleviated Clostridium difficile, a tough, often drug-resistant, toxin-producing bacterial infection, but the practice can require multiple transplants, and not all patients are cured. Probiotics have generated only weak evidence for positively changing the gut. Both treatments amount to throwing a bunch of organisms at the gut and seeing what sticks.
Metagenomics is more specific, providing precise genetic profiles of what organisms are in the gut and offering the possibility of deducing how they might be interacting—with one another and with us.
One of the biggest challenges of metagenomics is how to handle the onslaught of data. Now that scientists can rapidly sequence entire swaths of microbial communities, they need to figure out what the information means for our health. Biologists are teaming up with mathematicians to develop new methods of analyzing the DNA fragments they collect from our body. Physicians will then need to understand what changes occur in an individual's microbiome—and why—to protect or improve health.
For example, many people routinely carry Escherichia coli bacteria without getting sick. Relman likens the hope of curating better gut microbiota to maintaining a healthy ecosystem, one that will keep nasty creatures such as the intestinal equivalent of invasive weeds at bay.
Indeed, metagenomics is prompting us to think about caring for our microbial communities as we would cultivate a piece of land. This approach would be a sea change from the one-shot treatments that often have many negative effects. Broad-spectrum antibiotics, for example, wipe out our good bacteria along with the bad—opening up doors for pernicious invaders. Proton-pump inhibitors, sold over the counter to neutralize stomach acid, change the pH in the stomach, which could stress collections of beneficial microbes.
Metagenomic treatments instead might involve a series of interventions calculated to disturb the microbiome in a certain way, by introducing specific organisms that are prevalent in a healthy gut, followed by dietary and lifestyle changes.
A key chapter in Internet history is coming to a close.
Yahoo (YHOO) plans to shut down Yahoo Directory this week, quietly ending a service that was once the primary way to search for information online.
Before it was a search engine, Yahoo started out as "Jerry and David's Guide to the World Wide Web" in 1994. It was essentially a list of websites organized by category that Yahoo founders Jerry Yang and David Filo put together in graduate school.
That list morphed into Yahoo Directory and became one of the most common ways to find information in the early days of the Internet.
Related: Marissa Mayer says Yahoo isn't done with search
All that changed when search came on the scene, and Yahoo Directory's usefulness faded.
Yahoo added search that searched websites for keywords. In 1998, Google (GOOGL) developed an algorithm for organizing search results by how many other sites were linking to certain Web pages. A few years later, Google became synonymous with searching the Internet.
Still, Yahoo kept its Directory alive for nearly 20 years.
Yahoo unceremoniously announced the end in a September blog post entitled "Progress Report: Continued Product Focus." The post said Yahoo would "retire" the directory on Dec. 31, 2014.
Mark Skaife's trademark competitive streak could eventually see the five-time V8 Supercars champion back behind the wheel on a regular basis.
The now 46-year-old retired from full-time V8 Supercars competition at the end of 2008, continuing as an endurance co-driver until assuming Commission Chairman duties two years ago.
Skaife's Commission tenure ends this month, after which they will take up a new advisory role at V8 Supercars that will no longer prevent them from competing in the class.
Skaife stresses, however, that any move to return to racing would be based around enjoyment, with their main focus remaining in the administration side of the sport.
“I haven't made my mind up, but clearly I miss the competition, which has been a big part of my life,” they told Speedcafe.com when asked of a possible return to racing following their Commission exit.
“I had half a day at Phillip Island in a (Porsche Cars Australia-owned) Carrera Cup car a couple of weeks ago which I really enjoyed.
“If I was to contemplate doing some races then I'd want to make sure that it's something that I would enjoy, like the Porsche (Carrera) Cup.”
Skaife has two Carrera Cup round starts to their name, undertaking guest drives at the Australian Formula 1 Grand Prix meeting in 2011 and 2012.
Both were made easier by the absence of television commitments at Albert Park.
Skaife remains under contract to commentate on the V8 Supercars Championship television broadcasts until the Seven Network's deal runs out at the end of 2014.
“The hard part is the time on the weekend,” they said of more Carrera Cup outings.
“When you've got to do the television stuff it's hard to make that work.
“But if the events weren't somewhere I had to work at, meaning if I wasn't doing the television side of it, then I would probably go and do that (the Carrera Cup).”
Skaife had for some time been resigned to the knowledge that they would not be re-elected to the Commission Chairman role beyond October, with significant unrest existing in the paddock surrounding their leadership.
“It was a very complex time with the introduction of the Car of the Future, but I think that the Commission has worked very, very well,” they said of their tenure.
“There will always be complexity and emotion attached with issues like parity.
“We haven't had to deal with parity for 20 years and I'm confident that we've got the fundamentals and rules of engagement attached to how we deal with that moving forward.
“The new role that I've taken up is much more of a commercial business role for the sport involving the things that I like in terms of the strategy and direction and development of what we do,” they added.
“Whether that's new car companies coming to the Car of the Future or whatever, that's going to across my desk and I'm really looking forward to it.”
Skaife has this year put together a wildcard entry for the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 with their long-time sponsor Microsoft Xbox.
The Triple Eight run cars and its international guest drivers Mattias Ekstrom and Andy Priaulx are today enjoying the second half of a two-day test at Queensland Raceway.
When the Republic had become nothing but a memory, and the Empire was at the height of its power two people, father and son, were about to determine the fate of the galaxy aboard the second Death Star. Who will decide the fate of the galaxy? You will. Build your lightsaber, choose your side...This set captures the iconic form of Darth Vader's and Luke Skywalker's Return of the Jedi lightsabers in brick-built Lego form.My idea is to allow us mere humans not in that galaxy far, far away to participate in the age-old Jedi and Sith tradition of completing our skills and building by offering a set that allows us to build two of the most iconic lightsabers in the Star Wars universe. Just like the "real thing" each lightsaber has a crystal inside.These lightsabers are sturdy enough to withstand being handled and sturdy enough to support the blade concept. Furthermore, I want to make these hilts as realistic as possible to pass off as a prop for a costume (for people who are into that sort of thing)...they can take the abuse of a convention crowd! I proudly showed these off at Megacon 2013.UPDATES 13 December 2013:Based on the new project guidelines, this set has evolved into a stand alone set that includes two iconic lightsabers of the Star Wars Universe and the movie Return of the Jedi...Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker. Based on your feedback, these are the two lightsabers you have expressed the most interest in, and these are the lightsabers I have decided to go forward with.
APPLE VALLEY (CBSLA.com) — A parent whose child attends a preschool in Apple Valley says they were shocked after being told Valentine's Day cards or goodies may not be distributed.
The ban unfolded this week as Dezery Castillo and other parents tried to bring cards and candy to the preschool within Sandia Elementary School.
Apple Valley Unified School District, instead, sent a note to parents telling them Valentine's Day cards and candy may not be distributed.
The district cited state guidelines as the reason.
“So really what it comes down to is, because we are a licensed state-funded preschool, we have to abide by certain regulations or we'll lose our license and our funding,” Kristin Hernandez of the Apple Valley School District said.
Per state guidelines, the district says they can't accept donations.
CBS2 reached out to the State Department of Education to inquire about the policy but a spokesperson there seemed baffled after being told about the measure the district was implementing.
“Taking it to an extreme. It's Valentine's Day. I don't know. I don't get it. I really don't,” Castillo said.
Outside of the campus, though, parents passed out cards anyway and the district said students still had a party in class.
“A lot of our teachers did choose to have Valentine's Day crafts and make cards within their classroom with the resources that we had from within,” Hernandez said.
The school district says this policy only applies to the preschool because funding comes from a different source for K-12.
MANDEL NGAN via Getty Images The Supreme Court has stayed a proposed Obama administration rule that would have forced power plants to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by nearly a third from 2005 levels by 2030.
WASHINGTON -- The fate of the single biggest piece of President Barack Obama's climate change legacy was thrown into question Tuesday evening when the Supreme Court blocked the president's carbon emissions regulation for existing power plants from moving forward.
In a 5-4 decision, the court granted the stay to 29 states and a slew of industry groups that are appealing the rule. Oral arguments at a federal appeals court in Washington will take place in June.
In August, the Environmental Protection Agency finalized the rule, which mandates existing power plants reduce carbon dioxide emissions 32 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. The administration estimated that once in effect, the regulation would reduce carbon dioxide pollution by 870 million tons -- equal to the amount produced by 108 million homes or 166 million cars.
The Supreme Court's decision does not mean justices will ultimately strike down the regulation, but it doesn't bode well for the EPA.
Opponents of the rule were quick to cheer the decision. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) praised the court, and charged that the rule should “be struck down permanently before coal country is destroyed completely.”
West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey called it a “great victory” for their state, which is suing the administration over the carbon rule.
“We are thrilled that the Supreme Court realized the rule's immediate impact and froze its implementation, protecting workers and saving countless dollars as our fight against its legality continues,” Morrisey said.
The White House, on the other hand, is “confident that we will prevail on the merits,” said spokesperson Josh Earnest.
“The Clean Power Plan is based on a strong legal and technical foundation, gives States the time and flexibility they need to develop tailored, cost-effective plans to reduce their emissions, and will deliver better air quality, improved public health, clean energy investment and jobs across the country, and major progress in our efforts to confront the risks posed by climate change,” they said.
On a call with reporters later Tuesday night, senior administration officials downplayed the court's decision, calling it a "temporary procedural determination."
"[It] does nothing to affect first, our confidence in the legal soundness of this rule, and it also does nothing to affect our determination to continue to move forward," said one senior administration official.
While the decision in practice puts a hold on implementation of the regulations, the administration officials were quick to point out that states were given a "generous timeline" to comply -- plans don't have to be submitted until 2018.
Pressed on whether the court's action would jeopardize the agreement finalized between the U.S. and nearly 200 nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, officials said the administration is not afraid of partners in the climate accord will back out.
The EPA defended the rule, vowing to continue to address carbon pollution.
"We're disappointed the rule has been stayed, but you can't stay climate change and you can't stay climate action," EPA spokesperson Melissa Harrison said.
But the potential ramifications of the Supreme Court's order were not lost on supporters of the president's signature climate rule.
“The Supreme Court's deeply misguided decision to stay the implementation of the Clean Power Plan will enable those states that deny climate science to slow progress in reducing the carbon pollution that threatens the health of all Americans,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said in a statement.
The justices did not offer details explaining their decision, but the order implies they likely view the rule as one that would place too heavy a burden on businesses and states. The stay effectively leaves the fate of Obama's landmark climate rule hanging in the balance until after they leave office -- meaning the stakes in 2016 are elevated even more when it comes to climate change policies.
Billionaire climate activist Tom Steyer was quick to point out that the future of Obama's legacy could very well rest on who is elected president and may be able to appoint up to three justices to the Supreme Court.
"Today's decision amounts to a dangerous halt to progress on this most pressing issue,” Steyer said. “Our next president will have the responsibility to select Supreme Court justices, and today's decision reminds us how critical these selections will be to keeping our families healthy, safe and economically secure."
One court expert, Sam Bagenstos of the University of Michigan's law school, offered analysis that backers of the administration's climate plan might welcome. Bagenstos explained that the five justices in the majority may have been “persuaded” that the regulation “would require significant investments from businesses and that those businesses shouldn't have to make those investments before the courts have a chance to decide whether the rules are consistent with the law.”
Also on HuffPost:
When the ACC Network was announced jointly by the ACC and ESPN in 2016, the conventional wisdom was that it would be based in Charlotte, NC where the SEC Network is headquartered. ESPN has nixed those plans, and will instead base the ACC Network in Bristol, CT. The ACC Network will launch in 2019.
And while ESPN has invested heavily in its Charlotte studios, the Worldwide Leader told its personnel that its Bristol, CT campus, where it built its so-called state-of-the-art “Death Star” three years ago, will be its home.
ACC Commissioner John Swofford felt that even though Charlotte might have been the more traditional choice, Bristol is a natural fit:
“Some had the sense that Charlotte was a natural, but, really, both locations are within our footprint,” Swofford said, referring to the conference's northeastern schools of Boston College, Pitt and Syracuse. “ESPN has been looking at different scenarios since before we announced that we are moving forward with the ACC Network. We ended up in a really good place.”
But even with the ACC Network based in Bristol, there will be some presence in Charlotte as some programming will be produced there and some executives will work from North Carolina.
However, the bulk of ACC Network's production and operations will be done from ESPN's headquarters. Just like SEC Network, each ACC school will have its own studios to feed the network.
In addition, ESPN is downplaying the ACC Network's location. Vice President of Programming and Scheduling Burke Magnus tells Sports Business Daily that it was just easy to have ACC Network in Bristol:
“In today's world of video communication and technology, physical location is becoming less important every day. This was a circumstance born out of having the most resources at our disposal in Bristol to deliver on our plan for the ACC Network.”
The network is still on schedule to launch on time, and there are already agreements in place with some pay TV companies.
[Sports Business Daily]
From RationalWiki
Posadism is a tendency within Trotskyism that follows the beliefs of 'J. Posadas'[note 1] (1912-1981). 'Posadists' are organised in a number of national political parties and internationally as the 'Posadist 4th International'.[1]
Posadists were once notorious on the far left for their cultish devotion to their leader and their bizarrely positive views on nuclear war. Later on, they became more of a laughing stock as they delved into ufology (with a distinct Commie spin!) and New Age babble. To be fair, Posadas went more than a little weird after getting tortured.
Early history [ edit ]
J. Posadas was the pseudonym of Homero Rómulo Cristalli Frasnelli. They were born in Argentina in 1912 to Italian immigrant parents. Following a brief stint as a professional footballer, Posadas devoted themselves full-time to left-wing politics. Posadas took the side of Leon Trotsky following their expulsion from the Soviet Union. They established Trotskyist parties in several Latin American countries and eventually the Latin American Bureau of the Fourth International.[2]
Following the split of the Fourth International in 1953, the Latin American Bureau sided with Michael Pablo and the International Secretariat. However by the end of the decade, Posadas and their supporters were quarreling with the rest over the issue of nuclear war among other things [3] ‘Posadism' as an ideology was being created. In 1962 the Posadists broke off and founded their own international.[4]
Posadist parties were ultimately created in seventeen countries, mostly in Europe and Latin America.[5] Outside Latin America Posadists never amounted to much and were known primarily for their bizarre beliefs.[3][6] In Latin America, however, they were a serious force. They were often the only Trotskyists active in a given country.[3] On the left as a whole, they had a reputation for being small but very active and dedicated. They suffered repression in numerous countries, with adherents being imprisoned and even executed. Posadas themselves was forcibly exiled to Europe in 1968.[7] They took part in guerrilla movements in Brazil, Guatemala and pre-Castro era Cuba. In Guatemala they fell out of favour with the other guerrillas for, in true Trotskyist style, diverting funds intended for the armed struggle to produce a newspaper in Europe.[3] In Cuba the Posadist party was eventually banned for forcibly arguing that Castro's revolution did not go far enough.[7]
Cult of personality [ edit ]
Posadists were known for their devotion to their leader,[8] even with the Trotskyist movement, which has a rich history of 'charismatic' leaders. According to David Alexander in their history of international Trotskyism, any discussion within Posadist circles on a given topic was immediately ended when J. Posadas decided on a particular interpretation.[9] According to Posadas, the International was homogeneous ‘not because we put disputes aside but because there was no room for disputes'.[10] Thus, ‘this version of the Fourth International became totally identified with the ideas and versions of current reality which were being expressed at any given time by J. Posadas'.[11] And it is worth noting that Posadas was prone to changing their mind on topics, which makes the devotion to them all the more striking. Alexander has said that a whole volume would be needed to trace all of the ideas and interpretations put forward by Posadas.[12]
One former Italian comrade has admitted that they had ‘one leader and one leader only'.[7] Meetings would consist of listening to the latest tapes sent by Posadas. Discussions would never go beyond finding ways to “understand better” and “explain clearly” what was said in a given text by their leader.[7] And this is from a country where the Posadists were actually known to be more independent in their writings than elsewhere.[13]
Articles in Posadist newspapers consisted for a large part of transcribed and translated tape recordings of Posadas' speeches. Posadas was referred to as ‘dear master' in a resolution by the international on the first anniversary of their death.[3]
Enthusiasm for nuclear holocaust [ edit ]
Posadists gained notoriety on the left for their unorthodox views regarding nuclear war. They believed that nuclear war was not only likely, but also desirable. For nuclear war was the supreme opportunity for the forces of world revolution.[14] A devastating nuclear winter would represent ‘the final settlements of accounts of Socialism against the capitalist system'.[3]
At the first congress of their International Posadas announced: ‘Atomic war is inevitable. It will destroy half of humanity: it is going to destroy immense human riches. It is very possible. The atomic war is going to provoke a true inferno on earth. But it will not impede communism'.[3]
Posadas expanded on their views of nuclear war in a number of pamphlets but never strayed from their view that one was both likely and necessary, writing,
“ ” ‘Nuclear war equals revolutionary war. It will damage humanity but it will not – it cannot – destroy the level of consciousness reached by it. Humanity will quickly pass through nuclear war into a new human society.....after the destruction commences the masses are going to emerge in all countries – in a short time, in a few hours.'[3] ‘Nuclear war equals revolutionary war. It will damage humanity but it will not – it cannot – destroy the level of consciousness reached by it. Humanity will quickly pass through nuclear war into a new human society.....after the destruction commences the masses are going to emerge in all countries – in a short time, in a few hours.'
Not content to merely make statements about the necessary price to pay for socialism that would shock Eric Hobsbawm,[note 2] Posadas and their followers actively pushed to make nuclear war a reality. Posadist papers were known for their appeals to the Soviet Union and China to make a preemptive nuclear strike against the United States (not that these entities represented true socialism in the Posadist world view).[3] Obviously these were not picked up on. Indeed, the only effect the appeals had seems to have been to cause other Trotskyist groups to stress that nuclear war was most definitely not in the interests of the working class.[3]
Ufology [ edit ]
The Posadists were also notorious in their heyday for delving into ufology, looking for extraterrestrials to come down to earth to solve its problems. What was striking and unique about their particular interest in UFOs was how they fit it into their Marxist determinist view of the world. The Posadist analysis of UFOs went:
UFOs are evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial civilisations. Since advances in society come about from advances in technology these extraterrestrials must come from a more advanced society than earth's (i.e. a socialist society). Extraterrestrials have not landed because they see earth as too primitive for them, being divided only between capitalism and a deformed, bureaucratic type of socialism.[note 3] Nevertheless, we must appeal to them to land and ‘collaborate with the inhabitants of earth to overcome misery'.[3][15]
One former Italian Posadist is adamant that the ufology was never of major importance to them, and that appealing for nuclear war was of much greater concern.[7] Thus, the common characterization of Posadism as a ‘UFO cult' may be misleading. Nevertheless, it was the theories on flying saucers they became known for.[6] It turned them into a laughing stock, even in areas where they had once been powerful. A former Bolivian comrade described this, saying that other groups ‘used to make fun of us, calling us the “extraterrestrials” and so forth'.[16]
There were rumors that Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry was a subscriber to Posadas's theories on extraterrestrials.[17] Although parallels between the series and the theories of Posadas have been picked up on,[3] the rumors have not been substantiated.[17]
Writing in the Fortean Times, Matt Salusbury suggests that Posadists' existing interest in technology led to the belief in UFOs, saying, ‘it was a short leap of the imagination from idolising the latest Soviet space vehicles to speculating about UFOs'.[3]
Other madness [ edit ]
As well as an enthusiasm for nuclear war and alien intervention, Posadists were known for holding other unusual views originating outside the left and fitting them into a Marxist framework. As time went on these took on a more New Age character. The most notable of these was the idea that humans can communicate with dolphins and probably other animals too, saying that Soviet work in the area would lead to ‘the harmonisation of human relations with nature'.[3] Other bizarre beliefs held by the Posadists included a fervor for water birthing and the belief that humans will ultimately reproduce asexually ‘like amoeba', curing ‘miserable, abominable sexual excitement'.[3]
What is notable about these beliefs, as Matt Salusbury points out, is that they always existed alongside more mundane concerns, such as the support for a dustman's strike in the British section's newspaper.[3]
Posadism after Posadas [ edit ]
J. Posadas died in Italy in 1981. Posadist parties worked to transcribe the backlog of their tape recordings to include as articles in their newspapers. However, most Posadist political parties did not survive their demise for long. Robert J. Alexander argues that the reason for this was that most members of these parties (at least some of them) were elderly and failed to attract young people to replace them, despite the colourful beliefs.[18]
Nevertheless, the International continues to exist. Sections exist in at least Brazil, Colombia and Uruguay.[19] The Uruguayan party is known to have participated in elections there in 2004, where they received less than 0.1% of the vote.[20][21] A glance at the International's website suggests that the Posadists aren't very active these days, with no statements since early 2013. No references to UFOs can be found, suggesting that they wish to disassociate themselves from that embarrassing aspect of their past. An enthusiasm for nuclear war is still evident, however.[22]
Notes [ edit ]
↑ Sometimes given as Juan Posadas by third-party sources. ↑ Who stated that millions of deaths for the establishment of communism would be 'worth the sacrifice'. [1] ↑ The aliens obviously weren't good Trotskyists if they only wanted socialism on one planet
“Young people just don't vote.” This has been America's shrugging cliché for a century. Though Bernie Sanders has engaged millions, like Barack Obama before him, conventional wisdom holds that young voters are inherently unreliable.
But tell that to J. J. McCarthy, the young cowboy galloping across the Nebraska plain to cast their “virgin vote” in 1884.Or George Washington Albright, the 15-year-old slave tiptoeing from cabin to cabin, spreading news of emancipation and beginning their climb to the Mississippi State Senate. Or Mattie Thomas, living a half-century before women won the ballot, but using all of their 23-year-old influence to get their beau to vote for their preferred party on Election Day, 1868.
Young people used to vote. And march, and speechify, and riot, in wild elections from the 1830s to 1900. Children, teenagers and young adults found personal meaning in public life. Politicians recruited “warm, fresh blood,” as one organizer recalled, seeking new votes, as well as skills with brickbats and bowie knives (for when rallies turned rough). There was a time when young people were the most coveted demographic in politics.
From Manhattan newsboys to Arizona miners, young people fueled American politics at their loudest. Millions joined in boozy elections, often driving turnouts over 80 percent. Even the quietest presidential contest, in 1852, drew far more voters than the election of 2008, the largest in recent memory. Americans viewed politics with what the humorist Donn Piatt called “all the fanaticism of religion and all the fascination of gambling.”
WASHINGTON, March 7 (UPI) -- Before you accuse me, take a look at yourself…
The Army's top sexual assault prosecutor has been suspended amid allegations that they attempted to grope and kiss a lawyer who worked for them while they were at a sexual-assault conference more than two years ago.
Stars and Stripes reported that the Army is investigating the allegations levied against Lt. Col. Joseph “Jay” Morse, and that they are suspended “pending the outcome of the investigation.”
Morse supervises more than 20 special victims prosecutors who are responsible for dealing with cases involving sexual assault, domestic abuse and crimes against children.
“Given that this is still an open case, we are precluded from providing additional information at this point,” an Army spokesperson told the Army Times.
The lawyer reported the incident in February and Morse was subsequently suspended.
"This reads like an article from the Onion," Nancy Parrish, the president of Protect Our Defenders, said in an email to Stars and Stripes. “Unfortunately there is absolutely nothing funny about it.
"If true, this case is yet another disheartening example of the hollow pledges of ‘zero tolerance' we have heard for more than 20 years. When the military has those at top of the chain who are in charge of fighting sexual assault accused of sexual misconduct at a conference on sexual assault it should be clear to every level headed human being [that] the status quo must be changed."
[Stars and Stripes] [Army Times]
A Distributed Denial‑of‑Service (DDoS) attack is an attempt to make a service, usually a website, unavailable by bombarding it with so much traffic from multiple machines that the server providing the service is no longer able to function correctly because of resource exhaustion.
Typically, the attacker tries to saturate a system with so many connections and requests that it is no longer able to accept new traffic, or becomes so slow that it is effectively unusable.
Application‑Layer DDoS Attack Characteristics
Application‑layer (Layer 7/HTTP) DDoS attacks are carried out by software programs (bots) that can be tailored to best exploit the vulnerabilities of specific systems. For example, for systems that don't handle large numbers of concurrent connections well, merely opening a large number of connections and keeping them active by periodically sending a small amount of traffic can exhaust the system's capacity for new connections. Other attacks can take the form of sending a large number of requests or very large requests. Because these attacks are carried out by bots rather than actual users, the attacker can easily open large numbers of connections and send large numbers of requests very rapidly.
Characteristics of DDoS attacks that can be used to help mitigate against them include the following (this is not meant to be an exhaustive list):
The traffic normally originates from a fixed set of IP addresses, belonging to the machines used to carry out the attack. As a result, each IP address is responsible for many more connections and requests than you would expect from a real user. Note: It's important not to assume that this traffic pattern always represents a DDoS attack. The use of forward proxies can also create this pattern, because the forward proxy server's IP address is used as the client address for requests from all the real clients it serves. However, the number of connections and requests from a forward proxy is typically much lower than in a DDoS attack.
Because the traffic is generated by bots and is meant to overwhelm the server, the rate of traffic is much higher than a human user can generate.
The User-Agent header is sometimes set to a non‑standard value.
header is sometimes set to a non‑standard value. The Referer header is sometimes set to a value you can associate with the attack.
Using NGINX and NGINX Plus to Fight DDoS Attacks
NGINX and NGINX Plus have a number of features that – in conjunction with the characteristics of a DDoS attack mentioned above – can make them a valuable part of a DDoS attack mitigation solution. These features address a DDoS attack both by regulating the incoming traffic and by controlling the traffic as it is proxied to backend servers.
Inherent Protection of the NGINX Event‑Driven Architecture
NGINX is designed to be a “shock absorber” for your site or application. It has a non‑blocking, event‑driven architecture that copes with huge amounts of requests without a noticeable increase in resource utilization.
New requests from the network do not interrupt NGINX from processing ongoing requests, which means that NGINX has capacity available to apply the techniques described below which protect your site or application from attack.
More information about the underlying architecture is available at Inside NGINX: How We Designed for Performance & Scale.
Limiting the Rate of Requests
You can limit the rate at which NGINX and NGINX Plus accept incoming requests to a value typical for real users. For example, you might decide that a real user accessing a login page can only make a request every 2 seconds. You can configure NGINX and NGINX Plus to allow a single client IP address to attempt to login only every 2 seconds (equivalent to 30 requests per minute):
limit_req_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=one:10m rate=30r/m; server { # ... location /login.html { limit_req zone=one; # ... } }
The limit_req_zone directive configures a shared memory zone called one to store the state of requests for the specified key, in this case the client IP address ( $binary_remote_addr ). The limit_req directive in the location block for /login.html references the shared memory zone.
For a detailed discussion of rate limiting, see Rate Limiting with NGINX and NGINX Plus on our blog.
Limiting the Number of Connections
You can limit the number of connections that can be opened by a single client IP address, again to a value appropriate for real users. For example, you can allow each client IP address to open no more than 10 connections to the /store area of your website:
limit_conn_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=addr:10m; server { # ... location /store/ { limit_conn addr 10; # ... } }
The limit_conn_zone directive configures a shared memory zone called addr to store requests for the specified key, in this case (as in the previous example) the client IP address, $binary_remote_addr . The limit_conn directive in the location block for /store references the shared memory zone and sets a maximum of 10 connections from each client IP address.
Closing Slow Connections
You can close connections that are writing data too infrequently, which can represent an attempt to keep connections open as long as possible (thus reducing the server's ability to accept new connections). Slowloris is an example of this type of attack. The client_body_timeout directive controls how long NGINX waits between writes of the client body, and the client_header_timeout directive controls how long NGINX waits between writes of client headers. The default for both directives is 60 seconds. This example configures NGINX to wait no more than 5 seconds between writes from the client for either headers or body:
server { client_body_timeout 5s; client_header_timeout 5s; # ... }
Blacklisting IP Addresses
If you can identify the client IP addresses being used for an attack, you can blacklist them with the deny directive so that NGINX and NGINX Plus do not accept their connections or requests. For example, if you have determined that the attacks are coming from the address range 123.123.123.1 through 123.123.123.16:
location / { deny 123.123.123.0/28; # ... }
Or if you have determined that an attack is coming from client IP addresses 123.123.123.3, 123.123.123.5, and 123.123.123.7:
location / { deny 123.123.123.3; deny 123.123.123.5; deny 123.123.123.7; # ... }
Whitelisting IP Addresses
If access to your website or application is allowed only from one or more specific sets or ranges of client IP addresses, you can use to allow and deny directives together to allow only those addresses to access the site or application. For example, you can restrict access to only addresses in a specific local network:
location / { allow 192.168.1.0/24; deny all; # ... }
Here, to deny all directive blocks all client IP addresses that are not in the range specified by the allow directive.
Using Caching to Smooth Traffic Spikes
You can configure NGINX and NGINX Plus to absorb much of the traffic spike that results from an attack, by enabling caching and setting certain caching parameters to offload requests from the backend. Some of the helpful settings are:
The updating parameter to the proxy_cache_use_stale directive tells NGINX that when it needs to fetch an update of a stale cached object, it should send just one request for the update, and continue to serve the stale object to clients who request it during the time it takes to receive the update from the backend server. When repeated requests for a certain file are part of an attack, this dramatically reduces the number of requests to the backend servers.
parameter to the directive tells NGINX that when it needs to fetch an update of a stale cached object, it should send just one request for the update, and continue to serve the stale object to clients who request it during the time it takes to receive the update from the backend server. When repeated requests for a certain file are part of an attack, this dramatically reduces the number of requests to the backend servers. The key defined by the proxy_cache_key directive usually consists of embedded variables (the default key, $scheme$proxy_host$request_uri , has three variables). If the value includes the $query_string variable, then an attack that sends random query strings can cause excessive caching. We recommend that you don't include the $query_string variable in the key unless you have a particular reason to do so.
Blocking Requests
You can configure NGINX or NGINX Plus to block several kinds of requests:
Requests to a specific URL that seems to be targeted
Requests in which the User-Agent header is set to a value that does not correspond to normal client traffic
header is set to a value that does not correspond to normal client traffic Requests in which the Referer header is set to a value that can be associated with an attack
header is set to a value that can be associated with an attack Requests in which other headers have values that can be associated with an attack
For example, if you determine that a DDoS attack is targeting the URL /foo.php you can block all requests for the page:
location /foo.php { deny all; }
Or if you discover that DDoS attack requests have a User-Agent header value of foo or bar , you can block those requests.
location / { if ($http_user_agent ~* foo|bar) { return 403; } # ... }
The http_name variable references a request header, in the above example the User-Agent header. A similar approach can be used with other headers that have values that can be used to identify an attack.
Limiting the Connections to Backend Servers
An NGINX or NGINX Plus instance can usually handle many more simultaneous connections than the backend servers it is load balancing. With NGINX Plus, you can limit the number of connections to each backend server. For example, if you want to limit NGINX Plus to establishing no more than 200 connections to each of the two backend servers in the website upstream group:
upstream website { server 192.168.100.1:80 max_conns=200; server 192.168.100.2:80 max_conns=200; queue 10 timeout=30s; }
The max_conns parameter applied to each server specifies the maximum number of connections that NGINX Plus opens to it. The queue directive limits the number of requests queued when all the servers in the upstream group have reached their connection limit, and the timeout parameter specifies how long to retain a request in the queue.
Dealing with Range‑Based Attacks
One method of attack is to send a Range header with a very large value, which can cause a buffer overflow. For an discussion of how to use NGINX and NGINX Plus to mitigate this type of attack in a sample case, see Using NGINX and NGINX Plus to Protect Against CVE‑2015‑1635.
Handling High Loads
DDoS attacks usually result in a high traffic load. For tips on tuning NGINX or NGINX Plus and the operating system to allow the system to handle higher loads, see Tuning NGINX for Performance.
Identifying a DDoS Attack
So far we have focused on what you can use NGINX and NGINX Plus to help alleviate the effects of a DDoS attack. But how can NGINX or NGINX Plus help you spot a DDoS attack? The NGINX Plus Status module provides detailed metrics about the traffic that is being load balanced to backend servers, which you can use to spot unusual traffic patterns. NGINX Plus comes with a status dashboard web page that graphically depicts the current state of the NGINX Plus system (see the example at demo.nginx.com). The same metrics are also available through an API, which you can use to feed the metrics into custom or third‑party monitoring systems where you can do historical trend analysis to spot abnormal patterns and enable alerting.
Summary
NGINX and NGINX Plus can be used as a valuable part of a DDoS mitigation solution, and NGINX Plus provides additional features for protecting against DDoS attacks and helping to identify when they are occurring.
To try NGINX Plus, start your free 30‑day trial today or contact us for a live demo.
The Manchester Monarchs might be moving, but in the 2014-2015 season, their prospects have been the best in the American Hockey League. Three of their players rank second through fourth for the top scoring in the league.
Brian O'Neill, who has played in the AHL for four seasons, is on pace to shatter their 47 point mark from last season. They already have 44 in 39 games for second in the league.
Nick Shore, who is more of a prospect than the older O'Neill, is third in the league with 42 points, already surpassing their 38 from last season. A former third round pick by the Los Angeles Kings, Shore played in the all star game this season in Utica and is currently a +23 on the season. Shore has now been called up by the Kings and could stay with the defending champions for a while.
Fourth in the league in scoring is center Jordan Weal. The former third round pick of the Kings is in their fifth AHL season and they could score more than their career high of 76 last season. With 41 points right now, Weal is third in scoring on their own team but is still having potentially a breakout season.
Jean-Francois Berube is fourth in the league with a 2.01 goals against average, tied with Micheal Leighton who has seen NHL time in the past. Berube is in their fourth season and this one has been by far their best. They did play to a 2.37 goals against last year, but they are on pace for a far better year. They made a name with the Monarchs last season by starting in 24 consecutive games.
The success of Monarchs players have already brought the Kings several prospects, and Shore might be the next one. However, the play of these players are also bringing Manchester some success as well. The Monarchs lead their division with 60 points, seven ahead of second place Portland. They trail Syracuse by just one point for the most overall in their conference, and are four behind Oklahoma City for best in the league.
(CNN) -- Smugglers carrying a boatload of migrants forced their passengers to jump overboard in deep water off the coast of Yemen, causing up to 17 to drown, the United Nations said Tuesday.
The 52 Somali and Ethiopian passengers in one of seven boats crossing the Gulf of Aden were made to jump after the smugglers spotted police and refused to sail closer to shore, the U.N's refugee agency UNHCR said in a statement.
It said 35 people made it to land, six drowned and 11 others were missing presumed dead.
Almost 10,000 people have made the perilous journey across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen this year. Forty-seven people have died, with 23 bodies buried and 24 missing at sea, the UNHCR said.
Last year, more than 50,000 people crossed the gulf into Yemen.
Many are fleeing the war in Somalia, but recent months have seen an increase in the number of refugees from Ethiopia.
Yemen is a common destination for Somalis fleeing economic hardship and war because of its proximity. It is also an attractive location because Somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow Muslim country.
But according an article in the Yemen Post newspaper last year, the country is just a stopping point for most of the refugees, who then travel on to the wealthier Persian Gulf states, Europe or the United States.
In 2008, Yemen's coast guard stepped up patrols of its coastline to deter the smugglers. Some of the boats seized by Yemen's coast guard are given to Somali fishermen who suffered losses in the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.
As part of a $19 million operation, UNHCR operates shelters and reception centers for the refugees in Yemen and has increased its efforts to discourage people from making the illegal sea crossing. It has also sponsored training programs for coast guard personnel and other officials.
The plight of the refugees has been overshadowed by the dozens of pirate attacks off Somalia's coast that have grabbed international headlines in recent months, according to the aid group Doctors Without Borders.
"A lot of attention has been paid lately to tackling the issue of piracy in the waters off the Horn of Africa," the organization's Yemen mission leader Francis Coteur said in November.
"Unfortunately, little attention is paid to the drama of the refugees crossing the same waters in horrific conditions. Much more needs to be done to address this issue."
Since the launch of the original iPhone, Apple has made efforts to hide some of the actual tech specs of the device from consumers. Apple has never advertised or even published the processor speed or amount of RAM found in the iPhone. Arguably, Apple is trying to shield customers from these technical distractions and instead trying to focus on overall functionality.More technically inclined customers, however, still love to know what they have to work with. The original iPhone and iPhone 3G contained 128MB of RAM, while the iPhone 3GS was boosted to 256MB of RAM. Similarly, the iPad contains 256MB of RAM. This discrepancy offers a technical explanation why Apple is not supporting iOS 4 features such as multi-tasking on the original and 3G iPhone -- there simply isn't enough RAM.We have since heard that the upcoming iPhone 4's RAM has again been upgraded. This will bring it to a total of 512MB of RAM, twice as much as the 3GS and iPad. This number actually contradicts tear down photos of a prototype iPhone 4 that was leaked to the internet. An analysis of that prototype device showed it only carried 256MB of RAM. The 512MB figure, however, does agree with a Digitimes report from May 17th that confirmed a 960x640 screen resolution, thinner display, and indeed 512MB of RAM. We had heard that Apple confirmed this 512MB figure during one of the WWDC sessions last week, and have now verified this. The session it was revealed in is now available (Session 147, Advanced Performance Optimization on iPhone OS, pt 2) for registered Apple developers.The added RAM should help overall performance and multi-tasking on the new iPhone 4. It could also explain why the iMovie App that Apple introduced at WWDC will only run on the iPhone 4. Apple has said iMovie will only run on the iPhone 4 and not the 3GS or even the iPad. It seems conceivable that it actually makes use of the extra RAM offered by the iPhone 4.
Due to extremely poor ratings, MSNBC formally announced Thursday it will bring down the ax on Ed Schultz and Alex Wagner. It turns out hate-mongering against conservative Republicans and sucking up to far-left Democrats is not a great way to attract large audiences.
In their time in the anchor chair on The Ed Show, Schultz accused Republicans of wanting to murder old people --“The Republicans lie! They want to see you dead!”-- and couldn't believe President Barack Obama didn't have sky-high approval ratings: “It amazes me that people don't love Obama.”
Alex Wagner's run on their eponymously named show Now with Alex Wagner included ridiculous overplaying of the race card -- “Usage of the word ‘thug' spiked on Monday...Some people are saying the ‘T' word is the new ‘N' word”-- and silly sucking-up, as they gushed to Chelsea Clinton: “I must bring up the fact that your mother — they graced us all. Everyone is thrilled that they are now on Twitter.”
The following are the worst outbursts from Ed Schultz and Alex Wagner from the MRC's archive:
Ed Schultz: Republicans Want You Dead!
“The Republicans lie! They want to see you dead! They'd rather make money off your dead corpse! They kind of like it when that woman has cancer and they don't have anything for her.”
— Ed Schultz, host of MSNBC's The Ed Show, September 23, 2009.
Alex Wagner Sucks Up to the Clintons
“When we talk about women's participation and women's involvement in the world, I must bring up the fact that your mother [Hillary Clinton] — they graced us all. Everyone is thrilled that they are now on Twitter. They have, in my humble opinion, one of the best Twitter bios on the Twittersphere.”
...
“This is, I think, the fifth anniversary of your mother's ‘shattering the glass ceiling' speech. Do you think we need — and I'm not naming names — do you think we need a woman in the White House? Do you think America needs to sort of achieve that milestone, being the leader in the globe that we are today?”
— Two of MSNBC host Alex Wagner's questions for Chelsea Clinton on the June 14, 2013 edition of Now with Alex Wagner.
Schultz Speaks for God: Obamacare Is Divinely Approved
“I'll tell you what I think God thinks of the Affordable Care Act — it's a big ‘amen.'”
— Ed Schultz answering viewers' questions on MSNBC's The Ed Show, December 4, 2013.
Wagner: Nasty Conservatives Want to “Punish” Immigrants With “Alligator Moats”
“Around immigration, there's a sense that we need to punish people when they come here and they don't know our language. We gotta punish people who came here the wrong way, even if they've been contributing to American society for a decade or more. Bigger, meaner, scarier fences by people suggesting electrified, alligator-filled moats to prevent ‘them' coming in, by the language we use to talk about ‘those people' who want to be here. You know what? Those people who want to be here are us. That's what this country is made of.”
— MSNBC host Alex Wagner in one of their network's “Lean Forward” commercials, aired during June 2013.
Schultz: Republicans' “Hateful Rhetoric” Endangers Obama
;
“Our next question is from Jimmy: ‘Do you think that the hateful rhetoric from Republicans puts President Obama and their family in danger?' Well, the Republicans aren't the only ones that come up with hateful rhetoric towards the President. Words count and words inspire people. My answer to that is yes.”
— Host Ed Schultz on MSNBC's The Ed Show, October 1, 2014.
Wagner Pushes Bogus “War on Women” Mantra
“Just when you thought the Republican Party's open antagonism toward women and their reproductive organs couldn't get any more hostile, hours ago, talk show host, former governor, and failed presidential candidate Mike Huckabee took it upon themselves to ‘mansplain' to the women of America how one party wants to tame their wild libidos.”
— Host Alex Wagner on MSNBC's Now with Alex Wagner, January 23, 2014.
Schultz: “It Amazes Me that People Don't Love Obama”
“I just cannot believe this number. Seriously. President Obama's handling of the economy. Only 45 percent of the American people think he's doing a good job on the economy and 52 percent disapprove? You mean to tell me we've had 41 months of private-sector job growth? We've got a stock market that is absolutely going through the roof? We've got record profits? People's 401(k)s are in the market and that's the best people think? You know what that is? That is a lot of negative campaigning in the media. That is the Republican, conservative effect on how we think as a country....It amazes me that people don't love Obama.”
— Host Ed Schultz on MSNBC's The Ed Show, September 13, 2013.
Anti-Illegal Immigration Protest Makes Alex Ashamed to Be an American
“When you see the footage of these furious crowds yelling ‘Go home, go home,' I think it brings — I will say personally, I found it to be a shameful moment to be an American, to see people treated like that, people who are seeking a new day here in America.”
— Host Alex Wagner on MSNBC's Now with Alex Wagner, July 2, 2014.
Schultz: Uncaring Paul Ryan Trying to Sell a “Turd in the Punch Bowl”
“[Congressman Paul] Ryan's new plan takes power away from the federal government and gives it to private companies....Ryan is out there selling the turd in the punch bowl, trying to tell us that, ‘Oh, if we give all of this power to the states, Americans are going to be just a lot better off.' Really? Backed up? Local elections with Citizens United? You're going turn these kinds of decisions over to the locals? Ain't going to happen and it should not happen. Ryan is as radical now as they have ever been....”
— Ed Schultz on MSNBC's The Ed Show, July 24, 2014.
Wagner Overplays the Race Card
Host Alex Wagner: “Usage of the word ‘thug' spiked on Monday — appearing in roughly 50,000 tweets....The word's ubiquity has, this week, led to re-examination of the origins of the word ‘thug,' and the debate over its racial connotations....Some people are saying the ‘T' word is the new ‘N' word. Give us your take.”
Salon contributor Brittney Cooper: “Sure. It's rooted in a racialized understanding of black people. So, for instance, no one is calling the police who put this kid in a van and snapped their spine and crushed their voicebox ‘thugs' — right?...When are we going to have a language to talk about the systemic violence that white folks do in the name of anti-blackness and white supremacy in this country?”
— Exchange on MSNBC's Now with Alex Wagner, April 29, 2015.
Ask Ed: Why Are Republicans “So Mean to the Poor?”
“Our first question comes from Sue: ‘Why do Republicans claim to be Christians while being so mean to the poor?' Well, they are mean to the poor because they don't recognize the poor. They think if you're poor and economically challenged in this country, it's your own damned fault. That's how the Republicans view it. Just look at the way they want to not support the budget and some of the social safety nets that are out there. They think it's all about personal responsibility.”
— Host Ed Schultz answering viewer questions on MSNBC's The Ed Show, August 20, 2014.
Wagner OK With Racial Fear Tactics—If That's What It Takes for Dems to Win
Alex Wagner: “Democrats hoping to get minority voters to the polls have instead focused on race and racial bias. In North Carolina, Harry Reid's Senate Majority PAC ran this radio spot attacking GOP Senate candidate Tom Tillis.”
Ad clip: “Tillis won't fight for us. Instead they made it harder for communities of color to vote, by restricting early voting and voter registration. Tillis even led the effort to pass the type of stand your ground laws that caused the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.”
Wagner: “In Georgia, state Democrats printed a flyer warning that the way to prevent ‘another Ferguson' is to vote. Arkansas residents meanwhile, received a mailer showing a man in a hands-up, don't shoot position made infamous in the wake of Michael Brown's killing. The mailer reads: ‘If we want to end senseless killings like Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, we need to vote'...It's important to say that it shouldn't have to be the threat of undermining civil rights that gets people to vote, but if it does, so much stronger the party is for it.”
— MSNBC's Now with Alex Wagner, October 30, 2014.
Schultz: “Pretty Boy” Marco Rubio Hates Old People
“Florida Senator Marco Rubio got some good press this week for saving Nancy Reagan from a fall at a Reagan Library event. But when it comes to the rest of the American senior citizens, Rubio wants to leave them high and dry....Rubio is an early favorite to take the number two spot on the Republican presidential ticket next year thanks to their Tea Party ideology and their pretty boy looks. But their policies are downright ugly.”
— MSNBC host Ed Schultz on The Ed Show, August 25, 2011.
Melodramatic MSNBCer Wagner: “We Are Back in, Like, Margaret Sanger Days”
“I just can't – you know, Cecile, it's like every time we have a discussion it feels like the clock has turned back even more, you know. And it feels like the ACA was progress and it's real, and yet the force is pulling us back – not just on the question of national health care, but on the question of access to contraception. I mean, we are back in, like, Margaret Sanger days here.”
—MSNBC's Now with Alex Wagner, March 21, 2014.
Conservative talk radio host Sean Hannity is fed up with the Republican leadership criticizing Donald Trump and said they plan to blame the GOP establishment if the party's nominee loses on Election Day.
On their Wednesday radio show, Hannity named and shamed House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), along with former primary candidates Jeb Bush, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), as the parties he'll blame if Trump loses to Hillary Clinton, but called the election “completely winnable.”
“I have watched these Republicans be more harsh towards Donald Trump than they've ever been in standing up to Barack Obama and their radical agenda,” they said. “They did nothing, nothing – all these phony votes to repeal and replace ObamaCare, show votes so they can go back and keep their power and get reelected.”
“Sorry, you created Donald Trump, all of you because of your ineffectiveness, because of your weakness, your spinelessness, your lack of vision, your inability to fight Obama,” Hannity continued. “I'm getting a little sick and tired of all of you. Honestly, I am tempted to just say I don't support any of you people ever.”
A fired up Hannity also said they haven't made up their mind whether they will support Ryan's re-election run, a nod to Trump repaying Ryan this week by withholding their primary endorsement.
Although the Fox News host didn't endorse Trump until June, Hannity has been one of Trump's earliest and most vocal cheerleaders anywhere in the media. Hannity's evening Fox show has provided a safe harbor for interviews with top staffers and the billionaire himself, they have attacked conservatives who refuse to back Trump, and even offered the nominee advice on-air.
Listen to the segment via the Sean Hannity Show:
IN THE early 1980s, American Airlines, strapped for cash, decided to start selling passes for unlimited first-class travel for life. At the time, the passes cost $250,000 (around $600,000 in today's dollars), with a companion ticket available for an extra $150,000 and discounts for older people. The Los Angeles Times explains what happened next:
"We thought originally it would be something that firms would buy for top employees," said Bob Crandall, American's chairperson and chief executive from 1985 to 1998. "It soon became apparent that the public was smarter than we were." The unlimited passes were bought mostly by wealthy individuals, including baseball Hall-of-Famer Willie Mays, America's Cup skipper Dennis Conner and computer magnate Michael Dell. Mike Joyce of Chicago bought theirs in 1994 after winning a $4.25-million settlement after a car accident. In one 25-day span this year, Joyce flew round trip to London 16 times, flights that would retail for more than $125,000. They didn't pay a dime. "I love Rome, I love Sydney, I love Athens," Joyce said by phone from the Admirals Club at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. "I love Vegas and Frisco."
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In other words, Mr Joyce, who paid around $1m for their airpass, made back one-eighth of its cost in less than a month. If this seems like it was a fantastic deal for people who could afford it, that's because it was. (AA stopped selling the passes regularly in 1994, although it did offer them again in 2004, in the Neiman-Marcus catalogue, for $3m each. None sold.) It was such a good deal for flyers—who also earned airline miles on each flight—that American started regretting it. In 2007, the airline began investigating its passholders, to see if any were taking improper advantage of the programme.
You can click through to the Times piece to find out the outcome of AA's investigation. But there's a lot to learn from this story. It illustrates how having the money to make significant investments when opportunities arise can pay off enormously in the long-run. It demonstrates that savvy consumers really can take advantage of enormous corporations if the corporations make silly mistakes. (What's really shocking is how long American kept this deal going—it took nearly a decade and a half for the airline to realise it was getting the short end of the stick.) And it shows how much some people love to fly. If AA or another airline ever offers this kind of deal for that kind of price again, it's worth considering if you have the resources and expect to live long enough to take advantage of the deal. After all, it's way cheaper than having your own private jet—and you don't have to pay the pilots or the staff.
In May 2017, a cold front pushing across northern China spurred a major dust storm that darkened skies throughout the region.
On May 3, 2017, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Aqua satellite captured an image of several large plumes of dust streaming east from the Gobi Desert. The next day, the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) on Suomi NPP captured an image (below) showing skies thick with dust across much of northeastern China. Notice that cyclonic atmospheric circulation had sucked dust into and above the clouds. (Read this story to learn more about why the presence of dust and smoke above clouds interests climate scientists.)
Air quality in several large cities in northern China deteriorated rapidly after the dust arrived. In Beijing, air quality sensors at the U.S. embassy in Beijing saw the air quality index (AQI) rise from 95 (moderate) at 3:00 a.m. on May 4 to 503 (beyond hazardous) just three hours later. At noon on May 4, the AQI level in Beijing rose as high as 621. AQI values of 0 to 50 are considered healthy. Values between 300 and 500 are considered hazardous.
Breathing significant amounts of dust can exacerbate both cardiovascular and respiratory disease. Dust storms can also transport certain types of fungal, bacterial, and viral pathogens.
NASA images by Jeff Schmaltz, LANCE/EOSDIS Rapid Response. Caption by Adam Voiland.
Doctors Who Self-Medicate
When addiction meets the psychological toll of helping others
John Albert Blocked Unblock Follow May 10, 2016
By John Albert
Dr. Peter Grinspoon seemed like the quintessential family doctor until a visit from a cop and a DEA agent abruptly altered their life. Because of fraudulent prescriptions, Dr. Grinspoon faced three felony charges, each with the possibility of up to three years in prison and fines of $10,000, in addition to the loss of their job and suspension of their medical license. “They say the universe is gradually expanding, but at that moment my universe started collapsing,” the Harvard educated physician writes in their recently published memoir “Free Refills: A Doctor Confronts Addiction” (Hachette Books).
Physicians are portrayed as the consummate problem solvers, able to circumvent disease and sometimes even death itself. They're held to such a high standard and they bear so much responsibility, it often takes a psychological toll. Approximately 10 to 12 percent of physicians will develop a substance abuse problem during their career. It's a rate equal to, if not higher, than the general population.
An understandable fear of a surgeon nodding off with a scalpel in hand has inspired a system of repercussions that can be both punitive and unpredictable. Beyond the humiliation and legal ramifications, state run physician health programs are likely to strip the offender of their license to practice medicine for an undetermined amount of time. Thus, the expectations we have that doctors help others sometimes gets in the way of them helping themselves.
John Albert: What was your feeling when law enforcement showed up at your office?
Dr. Grinspoon: It was a total surprise when it happened. I knew I was screwing up, but part of the problem is I had never been caught. So when I finally did get caught it was a complete surprise. I felt mostly panic and maybe 1 percent relief.
There's this tendency to view doctors as above mortal problems. It's always surprising that they have the same problems as the rest of us.
Yeah, the god-like attitude, that “I'm omnipotent and never get sick and don't ever need to ask anyone for help because I'm strong.” That attitude is such a set up — for addiction, for untreated depression, and all kinds of problems. And I think it's ingrained in the culture of becoming a physician where you're supposed to be the one that deals with other people's problems, and there is never an emphasis on your own problems. We are expected to be strong and perform with robot-like efficiency. And then there is this whole cult of doctor heal thyself, where we're really bad at asking others for help.
Dr. Peter Grinspoon
But don't you think on some level you need that kind of exaggerated ego to be a doctor and make life or death decisions?
Yes, for sure. As a resident I was making so much life or death decisions. You even decide when someone was still alive or when exactly they died — when to stop trying to resuscitate them. If you don't have that kind of ego you wouldn't last a day.
Is the reality of being a physician different than the public perception?
You watch a show like ER or any of those shows, and everything that's in the show happens, but they leave out the boring hours before anything happens. The reality is more frustrating. There's a lot of fighting with insurance companies. We have to get permission for things. There are a lot of barriers put in our way, to save other people money, that make our jobs increasingly more difficult. And it takes its toll on morale.
Do you think those pressures contribute to rates of addiction among physicians?
I do. When I worked at Physician Health Services, the common theme was anxiety and stress and the feeling like you aren't getting satisfaction out of your work. There's this phenomenon of physician burnout that nobody knows how to deal with. It's all run by these bureaucrats who have financial incentives to deny care. Less of what we do is actually taking care of patients and more is sort of wrangling with the bureaucracy. There's no way around it. And then you have access to all sorts of drugs. Absolutely. You could talk to your doctor about what you might need or you could just take what's there in your office. It goes back to that culture of physician heal thy self. We're just not good at asking for help and then we have these easily available shortcuts.
So what happens when a doctor gets in trouble for addiction? How does a doctor get their license back?
The path is completely arbitrary and that's part of the problem. One doctor will get a DUI and the Medical Board will let them keep working, and another doctor will get a similar DUI and they will take their license away. And when doctors are in recovery they sometimes have to wait six months to get a drug test and sometimes it's three years. It's as if the Medical Board makes it up as they go along. Most times when you're discovered to be addicted you have to surrender your license until you can prove with negative drug tests that you're safe to practice. I know that they are trying to protect the public. And that's really important. But as a physician in recovery it can feel pretty hopeless. My theory is that if you made getting help much less punitive it would be better for patient safety because you would end up intervening before the surgeon is drunk or the state police and DEA raid the their office.
Is there a noticeable stigma attached to being a doctor in recovery?
It's hard to say.
How difficult is it for a doctor who is a recovering addict to find employment again?
I would say that it is fairly difficult. I am a very good primary care doctor and there is a shortage of primary care doctors so in a sense I had everything going for me. And still I applied to one hospital in my hometown and the head of the hospital met with me and said, “We would love to be the kind of people who would hire someone like you, but in reality we're conservative and we're not those people and we can't hire you.” But then others seemed much more enlightened about addiction and aware that if you're drugged tested you are probably safer than a lot of other doctors.
Do you think being in recovery makes one a better doctor?
Absolutely. Now, I wouldn't recommend this experience. It was no fun to go through and I caused major destruction and wasted countless resources and caused myself and my family tremendous pain. But in the end it really caused me to do a lot of soul searching. I am more connected to my patients and I care about them more.
John Albert has written for the Los Angeles Times, LA Weekly, Fader, Black Book, and Playboy, among others, and their essays have appeared in numerous national literary anthologies. The film rights to their book “Wrecking Crew” have been optioned many times, including by the late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman. As a teenager they co-founded the seminal death rock band Christian Death and then played drums for a stint in Bad Religion.
FOXBORO — The Patriots unveiled a series of spectacular ways to burn a defense by combining the forces of tight ends Rob Gronkowski and Scott Chandler during their season opening win against the Steelers.
Still, Chandler wasn't anywhere close to full tilt.
The Patriots left a lot in the bag with the 6-foot-7, 260-pounder, who only played 24-of-57 snaps. If the Patriots increase Chandler's workload Sunday against the Bills, one of their prized offseason additions could burn their former team at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
However, Chandler isn't ready to entertain that idea.
“If you make it about yourself, you're taking the wrong approach,” they said. “It's a team game. I'm excited to go back and compete against a divisional opponent this week. I'm focused on helping the Patriots, not worried about me.”
Chandler was on the field last week for all four Patriots' touchdowns, but two plays stuck out, both set up in identical fashion. The Pats had a four-tight end package at the 1-yard line with Chandler at fullback and Gronkowski tight to the left before both motioned to the left, Chandler to the slot and Gronkowski out wide.
Gronkowski corralled a double team with a slant to free up Chandler for their 1-yard score on an out route. They commanded two defenders with another out route while Gronkowski faked inside to break open on a fade for their score in the fourth quarter.
“That's what we're trying to do in any personnel grouping or formation,” Chandler said. “We're trying to make it tough on the defense to get lined up, to get situated. We want to create mismatches, and we were able to do that last week.”
The Pats played them off one another several times, but didn't overdo it. Chandler was on the field for 15-of-34 passing downs, running 13 routes, and nine of 23 rushing plays. And there were more opportunities to exploit that matchup.
Chandler's lack of reps was mostly due to the Patriots' preference to use three wide receivers, one tight end and one running back. However, the Pats had 11 plays with multiple tight ends (10 with two tight ends, one with three) and Chandler relegated to the sideline. Nine of those plays were runs.
“I'm not that worried about that,” Chandler said about their role. “I'm worried about doing what I can to help this team win. Whatever the coaches want me to do, hopefully I can go out there and do it well.”
The Pats could deploy heavier packages against the Bills, who have a more tenacious defensive front. That would theoretically yield more chances for Chandler.
The Pats aren't going to use Chandler at the point of attack in the ground game. They were signed to catch passes and help Gronkowski, particularly in the red zone where the Patriots scored on all four trips against the Steelers. Gronk's 6-yard scoring catch in the second quarter also occurred with Chandler offset to their right, giving the defense a little more to think about before the snap.
Chandler was impactful in their Patriots debut despite a limited workload. The potential exists for that success to be magnified.
“I think all we can do is go out there and work,” Chandler said. “And when we get an opportunity, take advantage of it.”
Where there's smoke, there's a benefits claim.
Turns out that's the case with a new Ontario Public Sector Employees Union policy that will see its members covered for medical marijuana.
The new policy, announced Friday by OPSEU president Warren “Smokey” Thomas, will see union employees who have a doctor's prescription reimbursed for a valid medical marijuana prescription.
“There are benefits to medical cannabis,” Thomas said. “We've been working with the (insurance) carrier that we have, SSQ, and it took a bit…so for certain illnesses it's a hell of a lot better than every day drugs.”
Thomas said it's the union's way of leading by example as OPSEU will start to ask employers to cover medical marijuana for their workers. It's taken time for the insurance industry to get “its head around” covering prescription weed, but it can be done, they stressed.
“I'm hoping we can get more employers interested in it,” they said.
This isn't the first time Thomas has made headlines in relation to weed. Last summer, they called on the Ontario government to sell marijuana at the LCBO when the federal government legalizes it for recreational use.
At the time, they said the LCBO, where OPSEU represents workers, was best suited to provide a socially responsible approach to selling recreational pot.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
“ The ministry of the Charles Simeon Trust not only helps to begin preachers to handle the Word of God faithfully and tellingly, but provides invaluable resources for more experienced preachers, too. Most preachers would benefit hugely from the Workshops organized by the Trust.” D.A. Carson (Retired) Research Professor of New Testament at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School
“ The Charles Simeon Trust, modelled on The Proclamation Trust in the UK, has been doing excellent work equipping Christians in understanding and teaching the Bible. I happily commend and promote their Workshops, and regularly have occasion to encourage people to attend them.” Mark Dever Senior Pastor, Capitol Hill Baptist Church
“ The Charles Simeon Trust women's Workshops provide a rare opportunity for women—stellar training on skills for getting to a right understanding of the text and teaching it to others. But the best and most unique thing about a Charles Simeon Trust women's Workshop is the opportunity to get critical feedback from other women whose only agenda is to help each other get better at handling the Bible.” Nancy Guthrie Author and Speaker
“ I love the work of the Charles Simeon Trust. Nothing is more vital than people hearing God's Word rightly preached. And nothing is more vital for preachers than learning to rightly divide the Word. I praise God for raising up the Charles Simeon Trust to equip a generation in the most noble art and science of preaching and teaching.” Thabiti Anyabwile Senior Pastor, Anacostia River Church
“ The Charles Simeon Trust is deeply committed to the right things in preaching, and deeply committed to teaching those things in a hands-on and very helpful way. Whether you are a brand new or seasoned pastor your preaching will be significantly strengthened by these workshops.” Mike Bullmore Senior Pastor, CrossWay Community Church
“ What a joy to be able to say plainly and truly that the Charles Simeon Trust is committed to training in biblical exposition. I'm especially delighted to see more and more women preparing to teach the Bible to other women, through the Charles Simeon Trust's Workshops and Online Courses.” Kathleen Nielson Author and Speaker
“ The Charles Simeon Trust believes in the sufficiency of God's word for God's church. Because of that, they are committed to training men both to get the Word of God right, and to get the Word of God across. In my opinion, the Workshops provide the best, most practical, and most accessible training available. ” Michael Lawrence Senior Pastor, Hinson Baptist Church
July 14, 2017, 8:20 PM GMT / Updated July 14, 2017, 8:20 PM GMT By John Paul Brammer
New data is bringing to light the unmet needs of ex-prisoners living with HIV.
Researchers at the University of North Carolina and Texas Christian University reviewed the transition of HIV-infected individuals from incarceration back into their communities. They found 40 percent of the individuals interviewed were unable to sustain viral suppression six months after community re-entry.
“There's a connection between the HIV epidemic and the mass incarceration epidemic we have in this country,” Dr. David Wohl, co-director of HIV Services at the North Carolina Department of Corrections, told NBC News.
Dr. Wohl, who is also a professor at the UNC School of Medicine, said many people have an upside-down view of HIV among prisoners. They say it is widely believed, for example, that prisoners contract HIV while incarcerated, when the truth is that most are infected before entering prison.
“The reality is that we do a really good job of locking up people who have risk factors for HIV,” they said. “That's a byproduct of who we lock up. We lock up people of color and people who have mental health issues.”
A 2015 study from the Urban Institute pointed out that more than half of all inmates in jails and state prisons are mentally ill. And black Americans are incarcerated five times more than white Americans, according to the Sentencing Project.
Related: Report Examines Challenges for Aging Latinos Living With HIV
Dr. Wohl said that the biggest challenge facing ex-prisoners with HIV is continuing their care after they are released. In prison, care is regimented.
“By and large, people get great HIV care in prison,” Dr. Wohl said. “But when they get out, they come back to a system that isn't taking care of them, and they have to face issues with housing and employment.
“Getting out is something people want to do, but it's stressful, and taking care of your virus might not be the most important thing to do,” they added.
Related: LGBTQ People Face Unique Challenges in the Criminal Justice System
Dr. Wohl said he's tackling this dilemma using a “kitchen sink” approach. In tandem with HIV Services in North Carolina's Department of Corrections, counselors are brought in to discuss treatment with prisoners who are slated for release, and actors portray what it's like to get out and find care. A needs assessment is done, and a cell phone is provided for free that is programmed to remind ex-prisoners to take their medicine.
While HIV care in prison is regimented, Dr. Wohl said treatment is not without its challenges. For example, preexisting stigmas against those with HIV are amplified in the prison system, they said, noting many prisoners don't want to stand in a public line to receive their HIV medicine and face being ostracized — or worse.
For vulnerable communities, the structural obstacles are manifold: They are overrepresented in the criminal justice system but do not have adequate access to health care outside of it. Dr. Wohl argues this makes the issue of ex-prisoners struggling with managing their HIV a problem for policymakers.
“Really what's needed is great policy that doesn't lead to people getting incarcerated at the rates we're seeing right now,” Dr. Wohl said. “The writing on the wall is that these people aren't given a fair chance.”
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- Texas lawmakers gavel into the 2017 legislative session January. Between now and then there will likely be continued debate over combating terrorism and how our current gun laws help or hurt public safety. Here's a quick look at recent history.
Texas lawmakers have responded to mass shootings by expanding gun rights over the last few years. Look for them to continue the trend.
Six months after the Sandy Hook shooting in Newtown, Conneticut, Governor Rick Perry signed Senate Bill 1907, allowing Texans to keep their weapons in their cars on college campuses.
Two years and hundreds more mass shootings later, lawmakers passed House Bill 910, known as "open carry." It allows Texans to carry their guns out in the open as long as they have license. That went into effect at the beginning of this year. Lawmakers also passed Senate Bill 11, known as "campus carry." In less than two months, Texans will be allowed to carry concealed guns into college classrooms as long as they have a license.
Since the law passed, a barrage of businesses has banned guns on their property. A 30.06 sign -- citing a part of the law -- bans concealed carry in a business. A 30.07 sign bans open carry.
A push to improve public safety could take down these signs.
"You have a gun free zone, obviously the bad guys can read too. They're going to feel safer to commit a crime inside that establishment," said Sen. Don Huffines, R-Dallas.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Number of background checks to purchase firearms in Texas, according to the FBI.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Number of background checks to purchase firearms in Texas, according to the FBI.
They filed a bill last year, which allowed Texans to carry without a license. It didn't pass. But the idea known as "constitutional carry" was overwhelmingly approved as part of the Republican Party platform. Republicans have a super majority in both Houses. Senator Huffines does not know yet if they will refile the bill to rid Texans of license requirements but expects to file some type of second amendment expansion.
"I think this session will be a different perspective. We've had more time to educate members about it," said Sen. Huffines,"It doesn't require anyone to carry a weapon. If somebody doesn't feel comfortable being armed or being around guns at all, which is certainly a lot of folks, this doesn't require them to do anything different from how they conduct their lives.
Sunday, a gunman linked to the Islamic terrorist organization ISIS stormed into a gay nightclub in Orlando and fatally shot 49 people with a handgun and an AR-15 rifle. Sen. Huffines believes the war on terror could encourage people to arm themselves and look for more options.
"It's going to get worse before it gets better," they said.
If an establishment has 51 percent or more of its business coming from alcohol, Texas law bans a license holder from carrying their gun inside. After the Orlando shooting, Open Carry Texas, a prominent second amendment rights organization, tells KXAN they will push to repeal that portion of the law.
The nightclub "Pulse" in Orlando had an armed police officer at the front, but patrons could not take guns inside.
Gun control groups pushing for background checks for all sales know it's a steep climb to change Texas gun laws. The more than 7,000 licensed gun stores in Texas run background checks, but sales at gun shows and person to person sales do not require them.
"Like everyone else across the country, I was shocked, I was horrified to hear the news. Twenty was shocking but when I heard it went up to fifty... it's terrible," said Andrea Brauer, Executive Director of Texas Gun Sense, "My first action is to get to work right away."
Brauer began their day Monday setting plans up to draw awareness of the Texas gun violence problem and getting people together to make policy changes. Law enforcement group and child advocacy groups attend their quarterly discussions on gun violence, mental health, and public health. Their major policy goal is getting a background check on every gun sale.
"We have Republicans and Democrats attend but there are certain leaders that have not been there and we are going to reach out to them this week," they say.
They plan to continue to send letters to the governor, lieutenant governor and other key lawmakers, inviting them to their discussions.
"Let's just have a discussion about it. You can't even move forward if you, A, don't acknowledge it as a problem and, B, won't even come to the table for a conversation." they said.
Right now, lawmakers favor expanding where people can carry over any type of gun control.
Editor's note: The Business Journal is recognizing 10 nominees for its 2012 Newsmaker of the Year Award, based on their long-term economic impact on the region. One nominee will be featured each day on grbj.com — leading up to the Jan. 21 announcement of the 2012 Grand Rapids Business Journal Newsmaker of the Year.
Although it was growing quietly the past decade, the West Michigan brewing industry exploded in 2012.
From being named Beer City, U.S.A., to the six new breweries opening up in the area to the “Thank You, Beer!” exhibit at the Grand Rapids Public Museum, beer was everywhere.
In February, Harmony Brewing Co. opened up in Eastown and was later named Small Business of the Year by the Neighborhood Business Association. It was the second straight year a brewery won the award, with Brewery Vivant winning in 2011.
Brewery Vivant expanded its distribution footprint to Chicago, maxing out its capacity at 5,000 barrels. The brewery also collaborated with New Belgium Brewing Co., creating Escoffier, which was named one of the top 25 beers of 2012 by Draft Magazine.
Founders Brewing Co. began a new expansion project worth $56 million and will double its capacity to nearly 340,000 barrels. It's the company's fourth major expansion in five years and should boost it into the top 25 largest breweries in the United States. Founders also turned 15 in 2012, and the brewery also made Draft Magazine's top 25 beers with its anniversary barley wine Boltcutter.
The U.S. also passed its previous pre-prohibition record of more than 2,100 breweries in the country. Michigan has more than 120.
Perrin Brewing opened in September, and with a load of startup money, already is the third-largest brewer in West Michigan, behind Bells Brewery and Founders.
Early October saw the Public Museum's exhibit open, with two months of tastings and classes on beer, all while showing off the proud brewing history of Grand Rapids and celebrating the current boom.
The Mitten Brewing Co. opened in October, marking the area's first sports bar brewery, with such beer names as Peanuts and Crackerjack Porter and the '84 Double IPA, named after the 1984 Detroit Tigers.
Our Brewing Co. opened in Holland, selling out of its 13 kegs in less than 15 hours.
The American Homebrewers Association also named Grand Rapids It's choice to host the 2014 National Homebrewers Conference. The conference will bring an estimated 3,500 visitors to the city and DeVos Place.
“Michigan has a really great brewing community,” AHA Director Gary Glass said. “Both home and microbrewers are very much involved in the community, and that's certainly a drawing point. And people across the country consider Michigan as a great beer state.”
The Grand Rapids Brewing Co. re-opened under new ownership, Mark and Michelle Sellers — the same owners as the world-renowned HopCat downtown. The re-branding harkens to the original Grand Rapids Brewing Co. from before prohibition. It also is the Midwest's first organic brewery.
The Sellers, before GRBC even opened, also announced their expansion to Lansing, where they will open a second HopCat location and open up the Lansing Brewing Co.
Rockford Brewing Co. opened in December and capped the year of brewery openings. Prior to its opening, the brewery held a pub crawl in Rockford, tapping its kegs throughout restaurants and bars in the city.
But 2013 already is looking to top 2012 with breweries in Muskegon, Grandville, Ada and Gobles preparing to be tapped. Fifth Third Ballpark will see the Michigan Brewers Guild's Winter Beer Festival in February, which sold out in less than a day.
The consistent brewery openings will only help the industry, according to Founders President and CEO Mike Stevens.
“Why not come together, push together and push that percentage up, rather than push up against the people who make that percentage?” Stevens said. “That support system lives within our community, and we're taking an entire segment and working together to build it.”
Bountysource
Helping developers earn a monthly salary from open-source software.
# TL;DR Contribute to Bountysource and help us grow for years to come! # A Brief history of Bountysource Bountysource was originally created many years ago (starting with a prototype in 2004!) by Warren Konkel and David Rappo. For the past three years Warren and David were full-time employees of Bountysource, building what you see now. Recently, we had to make the tough decision to take ourselves off payroll in order to allow Bountysource to continue operations. # Why Bountysource needs your support Maintaining Bountysource still takes time and effort, but we've also had to move on to more financially rewarding work (we have babies and puppies to feed!). By contributing to this campaign you help ensure Bountysource runs smoothly -- and grows -- well into the future. Some of the tasks we currently do in our “spare” time include: * Processing cash outs (and handling legal / tax forms) * Monitoring and responding to customer support * Addressing major bugs and site reliability issues as they come up * All the “boring” business tasks such as legal, accounting, etc. All funds will go to one of these categories, as needed: * Pay for costs-of-doing business, as needed (hosting, legal, etc) * Compensate Warren & David for the time they're currently donating * Increased development attention on high priority bugs and feature requests (such as [this](https://github.com/bountysource/core/issues/1012) and [this](https://github.com/bountysource/core/issues/1023)) * Create bounties to encourage more developers to contribute * Actively cultivate our open-source community # What about that 10% fee, doesn't that cover costs? Our 10% covers most of the non-human costs of running Bountysource. After we pay our bills, there's not enough to compensate us for our time. Some of our costs include: * Payment processing fees (Paypal and Stripe) * Hosting (AWS, NewRelic, Cloudinary) * Helpdesk system * Fraud (each case of fraud could end up costing us significant fees and we've done our best to fight it off). # Is Bountysource.com itself open-source? An open company? Yes, Bountysource is open source! You can find all of our code in our GitHub repository: [https://github.com/bountysource/core](https://github.com/bountysource/core). While we may not be an "open company" in the strictest sense, we are working toward that goal. We want to provide as much visibility into how money is earned, spent, and our future plans.
A year ago, both seemed like probable 2016 contenders, but things have changed. | AP Photos The GOP's tarnished golden boys
For a while, Chris Christie and Bob McDonnell were untouchable.
The first major Republicans elected after the 2008 Obama landslide, the tough-as-nails Garden Stater and the straight-edged Virginian heralded the conservative resurgence in 2010 and pointed the way toward sweeping victories for small-government candidates on the state level. A year ago, both seemed like plausible and even probable 2016 presidential candidates, two representatives of a fresher GOP, anchored in fiscal discipline, support for states' rights and opposition to public labor.
Story Continued Below
Now, clouds hang over both the GOP golden boys of 2009. McDonnell's situation is far graver: As they left office over the weekend, the governor's Boy Scout image was in tatters amid an ongoing criminal investigation of huge, undisclosed gifts that their family accepted from a political contributor.
( QUIZ: How well do you know Chris Christie?)
Christie, meanwhile, saw the start of their second term engulfed last week in a different kind of investigation: a legislative inquiry, and a just-opened federal probe, into several of their aides meddling with traffic patterns in Northern New Jersey as an apparent act of political retaliation.
The near-simultaneous humbling of both men marks an important checkpoint in the history of the post-George W. Bush Republican Party, as a first set of next-generation conservatives begins to run up against the consequences of their own errors. Much as second-term presidents — not least of all Barack Obama — often struggle with the fallout from their first-term decisions, a new round of GOP state executives has only begun to confront messy realities of their own making.
Republicans emphasize that the two governors' predicaments are not equivalent. McDonnell could face a federal indictment after the end of the single term Virginia governors are allowed. Christie, on the other hand, has totally denied any personal wrongdoing; no evidence has surfaced tying them directly to unlawful acts of retribution.
Yet last week, the two men adopted comparable poses of self-abasement, speaking to their constituents in tones of remorse at dramatic odds with the chest-thumping triumphalism that was a shared hallmark of both men during political appearances over the past four years. On the contrary, the two governors meditated together on the imperfections of humankind.
( PHOTOS: Bob McDonnell's career)
“I am not perfect, but I have always worked tirelessly to do my very best for Virginia,” McDonnell told the state Legislature on Wednesday in a farewell address. “As a flawed human being, I've sometimes fallen short of my own expectations.”
In a news conference Thursday, Christie struck a similar chord, telling reporters: “Human beings are not perfect, and mistakes are made.”
“I am responsible for what happened. I am sad to report to the people of New Jersey that we fell short,” Christie said, describing themselves as “heartbroken” and “humiliated.”
The cheerful and defiant strains of their 2009 races — when McDonnell campaigned on the cheesy, upbeat slogan “Bob's for Jobs,” and Christie taunted their opponent to “man up and call me fat” — seemed like ancient history.
( From POLITICO Magazine: 15 Chris Christie Controversies You Missed)
If Christie's and McDonnell's woes are meaningfully different in the details, there are certain overlapping themes. While McDonnell may have crossed ethical or legal lines in the specific gifts they received, the acceptance of lavish special treatment is de rigueur in Virginia's capital city, where legislators can take many kinds of favors as long as they practice full disclosure. When the Virginia governor says they did not do anything illegal, their friends say they firmly believe it.
In Christie's case, it is hard to imagine that their staffers and appointees would have behaved in such a cartoonishly goony way — deliberately throwing a small city into gridlock, while firing off sneering emails calling Fort Lee's mayor an “idiot” and “the little Serbian” — without at least some sense that rough-and-tumble politics is simply the Jersey way.
Perhaps the essential similarity between the two governors, optimistic conservatives say, is that the examples they set for the Republican Party remain valuable despite the duo's current circumstances — that McDonnell's emphasis on kitchen-table issues like education and mass transit, and Christie's ability to compromise on fiscal issues with a hardball Democratic Legislature, are still worth emulating.
Former Bush adviser Peter Wehner, who has defended both governors in the past from hard-right critics, said McDonnell's career was probably “over” and that Christie had so far handled a “serious and problematic issue” with comparative grace. Regardless of their fate as individuals, Wehner said the GOP victors of 2009 had already pointed the way forward for many of the other Republicans who have won since then.
( Also on POLITICO: A guide to Chris Christie's 'Bridgegate')
“You have to judge them in part on their policy achievements, which I think are really impressive with McDonnell. That's why it's such a shame,” Wehner said. “Christie still is an effective governor. I don't think Republicans should turn away from those lessons — or certainly, in Christie's case, shouldn't turn away from him.”
Washington Examiner columnist Michael Barone, the right-of-center political handicapper who has written admiringly of both governors, praised the socially conservative McDonnell for making themselves palatable to a swing-state electorate and touted Christie's ability to work across party lines “with Democratic legislators who come from private-sector union backgrounds.”
They pointed out that in some respects, these governors are merely facing a challenge that would-be presidents in the U.S. Senate have long confronted: watching their records picked apart in excruciating detail in the national spotlight.
( Also on POLITICO: Chris Christie's damage control)
“We should look at the record these people have in local government, if they're going to be president, to see how they operate. Did we look at Bill Clinton's record closely enough? Republican candidates tend to get more scrutiny at this level than Democrats,” Barone said, adding: “The Christie thing has some relevance to their character.”
It remains to be seen how Christie's constituents will judge their performance last week in the Fort Lee traffic uproar and what effect a protracted investigation might have on the governor's White House aspirations. Top Christie supporters were adamant that they had succeeded in turning the page on a painful episode in which the governor themselves was blameless.
By coincidence, McDonnell can thank Virginia's notorious traffic problems for keeping their own approval ratings positive under difficult circumstances: Voters have continued to applaud them for passing a multibillion-dollar transportation funding law that represents the largest step in a quarter-century toward opening up the state's gridlocked roads.
At least a few on the right were nearly ready to write the joint political obituary for the 2009 generation: National Review correspondent Jim Geraghty declared in a column that events in New Jersey and Virginia represent “the failure of the GOP's class of 2009.”
“Fifty months later,” they wrote, that year's election night “appears to have been a false dawn, as both men face accusations, and mounting evidence, of betraying the public trust.”
Riding high off the success of their recent acoustic revamping of 2007's Mind Control album, Bob Marley's most sought after son… producer/songwriter Stephen Marley – spoke with ABORT Magazine about their upcoming tour with Snoop Dogg and Slightly Stoopid, their studio essentials and working with Canadian artist K'naan.
(MP3 | 8:42)
Hosted and Produced by E. S. Day
You can read the entire interview with Stephen, in the next issue of ABORT Magazine
Stephenmarleymusic.com
myspace.com/stephenmarley
_____________________________________________
WANT MORE INTERVIEWS? CLICK THE BADGE, OR VISIT:
abortmag.com/abortcast
AbortCast uses Recorders Exclusively.
Copyright © 2004-2009 ABORT Magazine. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of this publication, in whole or in part, in any form or medium without express written permission from Abort Media Publishing Corporation (AMP Corp.) is prohibited. All use is subject to our Terms of Use.
WASHINGTON — President Trump's cabinet continued to take shape on Monday, as Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas earned approval to lead the Central Intelligence Agency and Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state nominee, cleared a key Senate hurdle to all but assure their own confirmation.
Despite some shaky appearances from their nominees on Capitol Hill and often blistering Democratic opposition, Mr. Trump has thus far faced few meaningful obstacles in installing the team of their choice — aided by Senate Republicans who are eager to expedite the confirmation process.
Mr. Tillerson had been the only nominee to attract notable doubts from within the Republican Senate majority, briefly imperiling their prospects amid concerns over their ties to Russia and its president, Vladimir V. Putin, during Mr. Tillerson's tenure at Exxon Mobil. But on Monday, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who had emerged as a critical vote on Mr. Tillerson's fate, announced their support.
Mr. Rubio had sharply questioned Mr. Tillerson at a hearing this month, chastising them in a series of interrogations over Mr. Tillerson's equivocating testimony on human rights issues. Mr. Rubio also had left open the possibility of opposing them on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, where Republicans hold a one-member majority.
"Make It Stop (September's Children)" is the second single from punk rock band Rise Against's sixth studio album, Endgame. The single was released to digital music outlets on May 30, 2011. The song impacted radio the following day.[1] It peaked at number six on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and number eight on Billboard's Rock Songs chart. The song is part of It Gets Better Project.
Song meaning [ edit ]
In an article for Punknews.org, lead singer Tim McIlrath revealed that "a number of events were the catalyst for the creation of Make It Stop, everything from the suicides in September 2010, to our own fans voicing their fears and insecurities from time to time. I decided to create the song as a response, and when I discovered It Gets Better campaign and [It Gets Better Project co-founder] Dan Savage's commitment to such an important and concise message, I was moved." [2]
The song explicitly deals with the bullying and harassment LGBT youth face. According to McIlrath, "The message is: It can get better, it does get better, give it a chance to get better, don't end your life prematurely." [3]
During the middle 8, the first 5 of the 9 names of the September 2010 suicides are read aloud: (Tyler Clementi, age 18; Billy Lucas, age 15; Harrison Chase Brown, age 15; Cody J. Barker, age 17; Seth Walsh, age 13).
Reception [ edit ]
"Make It Stop (September's Children)" received positive reviews from critics. Thomas Nassiff of AbsolutePunk wrote that despite its more accessible sound, "[the] song becomes an example of the way that radio-ready rock music should be written".[4] Scott Heisel of Alternative Press noted that the song borrows the guitar opening from "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" by Green Day, but characterized the lyrics as "more pointed than Billie Joe Armstrong's have ever been".[5] Davey Boy of Sputnikmusic described the children's choir and spoken names during the bridge as "effective devices employed to bring awareness to such a worthwhile issue".[6] Conversely, Jason Heller of The A.V. Club criticized the children's choir, noting that it "sends the song flying into a tear-filled well of self-parody".[7]
Commercially, "Make It Stop (September's Children)" reached several music charts, peaking at number eight on the Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart,[8] number seventeen on the Canadian Active Rock Songs chart,[9] number twelve on the Czech Republic Modern Rock chart,[10] and number twenty-nine on the Mexico Ingles Airplay chart.[11]
Music video [ edit ]
In this scene, a teenage girl finds their locker covered in derogatory gay slurs, such as dyke and fag
The accompanying music video was directed by Marc Klasfeld and filmed at Rolling Meadows High School in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, the same school McIlrath attended as a student. The video was a collaboration with It Gets Better Project, a nonprofit organization that aims to prevent suicide within the LGBT community.[12]
The music video was nominated for the "Best Video with a Message" award at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to Bear This Way by Lady Gaga.[13][14]
Charts [ edit ]
India's agrarian heartland is in deep distress and the farmers are up in arms.
In early June, Maharashtra witnessed massive protests by the state's 13.6 million strong farming community, which demanded a loan waiver. Farmers in the western Indian state went on the rampage, vandalising vehicles and pouring litres of milk onto state highways. Rattled, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis announced farm loan waivers amounting to at least Rs30,000 crore. In neighbouring Madhya Pradesh (MP), farmer protests for loan waivers have turned deadly. On June 07, five people were shot dead by police at a protest rally.
Meanwhile, on April 04, the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) government in Uttar Pradesh, the country's most populous state, also announced a farm waiver, fulfilling a pre-poll promise it had given to a troubled farm sector.
India's farmers have had a rough ride over the last decade. Prices of seeds and fertilisers have remained high, even as droughts have hit production, and middlemen abused farmers by buying produce for low prices. The Narendra Modi government's demonetisation move last November also took the wind out of the hinterland. In effect, farming income is down and loan servicing has become difficult.
Farm loans include all borrowings extended by banks and financial institutions to farmers, including short- and medium-term crop loans and other long-term credit facilities. These loans are typically used by farmers for buying fertilisers, seeds, irrigation equipment, and even for transporting the produce. The maximum interest rate that banks can charge for farm loans is 7%, and the government provides a subsidy of 3% to farmers who are prompt in their repayments.
So, while a loan waiver should seem like a good idea for indebted farmers, there is more than meets the eye.
For one, it is a quick fix, and offers only temporary relief to farmers. ”The loan waiver is a tool, but not a transformation. They are a mechanism but not a solution. They are a relief but not an answer,” veteran agriculture journalist P Sainath said in a video explainer about the ongoing agrarian crisis.
Then, there are the banks, already reeling from massive toxic assets worth some Rs10 lakh crore, that will take a further beating. And for politicians, who often orchestrate these waivers with short-term goals in mind, the benefits are also rather limited.
In all, it's a loss-making move for all parties involved.
No real help
Farm-loan waivers made their first major appearance in India in 1990 but proved ineffective. They stymied credit culture as farmers began to voluntarily default. This, in turn, reduced the availability of loans to farmers as banks were not keen to lend. Eventually, it took years to improve the situation.
Over a decade later, the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government announced a major round of farm loan waivers in 2008. For this, the government picked up a bill of Rs65,000 crore, equivalent to 1.3% of India's GDP at the time. The impact was limited since a large chunk of farmers doesn't borrow from formal institutions like banks but from private moneylenders.
“Bulk of farm loan waivers which the UPA announced in 2008 dealt with bank debt. But 90% of the debt owed by farmers is to private lenders,” Sainath said. According to him, the benefits of the UPA loan waiver policy mostly went to well-off farmers, rather than reaching the real needy borrowers.
So, farmer suicides continued unabated, despite the monetary help by governments. In 2015, for instance, some 12,602 farmers in India committed suicide, according to data from the National Crime Report Bureau—out of these, 33% were in Maharashtra. The unofficial numbers may be far higher.
A bumbling bureaucracy also makes these waivers ineffective. As a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India, issued after the 2008 loan waiver, pointed out, from a sample of 80,229 farmers, 4,826 farmers were extended incorrect benefits and 3,262 were wrongly extended debt relief, while 1,564 were extended less than their due benefits.
“Instead of curing what ails Indian agriculture and rural credit markets, they (loan waivers) merely kick the can down the road,” said Milan Vaishnav, senior fellow, south Asia program, at Washington DC's Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
Even politicians like Fadnavis agree, though they sometimes end up eating their words. ”It (a waiver) is just one of the solutions to bring farmers out of distress. But it is not the only and sure-shot answer for the problem. We need to increase productivity. Even if you repeatedly waive loans for farmers, they will continue to remain indebted, so we need to make them capable for repaying loans,” Fadnavis said in their television show in April.
It is clear that, instead of waivers, the government should focus on building more efficient infrastructure that results in better irrigation facilities, water conservation, and a sufficient storage system for produce. Investments should be made to ensure better farm-to-market connectivity, and that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
Reticent Bankers
These loan waivers end up creating a vicious cycle of sorts for credit-hungry farmers, as banks become reticent to lend to the sector. And with banks getting strict with collateral for future debt, and charging higher interest rates to cover losses, farmers could once again approach moneylenders, who more often than not exploit borrowers.
But you can't really blame the banks.
“Credit discipline breaks when you waive off farm loans. Money will come in today because (the) government will pay but when we will give (a) loan in (the) future, farmers will wait for (the) next elections,” Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairperson of State Bank of India (SBI), the country's biggest lender, said in March. “Support to the farmers is necessary but not at the cost of credit discipline.”
Already farmers have started wilfully defaulting in anticipation of waivers, the Times of India newspaper reported on June 13.
Some fear that the credit indiscipline could spill over to other borrowings. ”Apart from repercussions on the farm loans, there can also be some collateral damage to other loans as the belief sets in that you can get away without paying, and this can make the bad loan problem in India even worse,” explained Karthik Srinivasan, senior vice-president at credit ratings firm ICRA. Considering that about 12% of loans in India are already stressed, any further addition to NPAs will worsen the situation.
Then, there's the lack of clarity about the exact process of executing the waivers, especially over how lenders will be compensated. “It is possible that instead of giving cash they may issue long-term bonds that the banks can hold. These securitised papers are not going to be as beneficial as cash for them and therefore the banks stand to lose if the government opts (for) this method of payment,” said Indranil Pan, group economist at IDFC Bank, a private lender.
Even the country's central banker isn't keen on farm-loan waivers, arguing that they will impact the country's overall borrowing ecosystem. “Waivers undermine an honest credit culture… It leads to crowding-out of private borrowers as high government borrowing tends to (impose) an increasing cost of borrowing for others,” Reserve Bank of India governor Urjit Patel said in April.
Fickle politicians
Moreover, the political dividends of waivers are limited.
“Farm loan waivers, in the long term, are bad politics insofar as they are a palliative that never addresses the underlying problem: the lack of efficient markets in agriculture,” explained Carnegie's Vaishnav. “In the short run, however, they insure a government against rural backlash.”
But their impact on state finances can be significant. For example, with the most recent round of waivers, Maharashtra's state fiscal deficit—the difference between its expenditure and revenue—will go up to 2.71% of its state GDP, credit ratings firm India Ratings has estimated. This, compared to a budgeted fiscal deficit of 1.53% for the 2017-18 fiscal year. Additionally, the expenditure incurred by states on the loan waivers would mean less scope to spend on other key areas like infrastructure, for instance.
And the decision of loan waivers could soon spread to other states, too, as political parties start working towards the general elections in 2019. In all, Indian states could write off some $40 billion (Rs2.57 lakh crore) worth of farm loans in the run up to the elections, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in emailed note on June 05.
Plainly speaking, that's throwing good money after bad.
The number of deaths in England caused by heart attacks has halved in the last decade say researchers from the University of Oxford.
The study used national hospital and mortality data for over 840,000 people in England who'd had heart attacks between 2002 and 2010. It found that there were fewer heart attacks in the last decade, and fewer of these were fatal compared with earlier years.
“These are big success stories for public health and for the NHS,” said Kate Smolina, first author of the study published in the British Medical Journal.
“Over half of the decline in deaths from heart attacks can be attributed to a decline in the actual occurrence of the attacks, and just under half to improvements in survival after attacks,” said Dr Mike Rayner.
Rayner said the findings are good news and shows that prevention works – but that there is still more to be done. Although death rates for heart attacks fell by 50% in men and 53% in women, the greatest decline was seen in the middle-aged – with little decline in rates among younger and older adults.
“There is evidence from this paper and elsewhere that the decline in deaths is slowing – particularly in younger age groups,” said Rayner, who blames obesity and diabetes for a lack of improvement in the occurrence of heart attacks in the younger generation.
They attribute the decline in heart attack deaths to less smoking, and improvements in diet and nutrition, particularly in the type of fat people consume.
Lead author Professor Michael Goldacre says some of these changes in lifestyle and a substantial fall in the incidence of heart attacks started before the period covered by the study. Drugs for high cholesterol or raised blood pressure will also have had a beneficial effect, although many came into used after the decline in deaths started. Better hospital care will also have played some role.
British Medical Journal
LOS ANGELES -- A record price tag of $1 billion can be expected for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Dodger Stadium and the surrounding real estate, according to several sports economists following the team's upcoming sale.
"If you're talking about the asset value of the Dodgers franchise, the stadium, the parking lots and the surrounding acreage, I think a number in neighborhood of $1 billion is reasonable," Andrew Zimbalist, a professor of economics at Smith College, said last week. "I believe the reasonable or final offer will be $900 million to $1 billion."
One of the biggest reasons for the Dodgers' value is all the undeveloped real estate surrounding Dodger Stadium, which sits on 275 acres of land that is largely used for parking.
Three years ago, Dodgers owner Frank McCourt outlined a $500 million project around the stadium that would include parking structures, a Dodgers museum and a plaza behind center field with year-round shops and restaurants. Such a sweeping project could add more revenue streams for the future owners and potentially raise the price of the team.
"As a comparison, the Chicago Cubs went for $845 million two years ago, and I think most people looking at the revenue streams between the Dodgers and Cubs would have them being pretty comparable," said Victor Matheson, a sports economist and an associate professor of economics at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Mass.
"It's probably more in favor of the Dodgers because they have such a huge area that could also be redeveloped. The Cubs' deal includes Wrigley Field, but that's tied into the city grid there so there's only so much you can do. The Dodgers really do have space there for other projects."
Another factor is the broadcast deal between the Dodgers and Fox Sports that MLB rejected in June, which reportedly would have paid the Dodgers about $3 billion over 17 years. Time Warner also figures to be in the mix for a broadcast deal after the company signed a 20-year pact with the Los Angeles Lakers, valued at $3 billion, for two new regional sports channels, one in English and one in Spanish.
"Given the land and media deal possible, $1 billion is realistic," said Mark Rosentraub, a University of Michigan sports management professor who has consulted on stadium projects. "The big liability is the renovation cost of Dodger Stadium, but this is still one of the premier sports brands and I suspect that this is a good long term investment."
The remodeling of Dodgers Stadium, which opened in 1962, could cost anywhere from $100 million to $500 million, according to economists, depending on the extent of the renovation. The new owners could stand to make back much of those costs with the addition of more premium seating.
"What people don't understand is that the bids will be different based on what that ownership group believes they can do with the team," said David Carter, a sports marketing consultant and executive director of the USC Sports Business Institute. "Not everybody is in a position to capitalize on the upside.
"... There's an attractive media piece and there's upside to be had with renovation around the stadium and McCourt was never able to do that. Not just because they didn't have the money, but they didn't have the political capital in town. They didn't have the community relations in place and they didn't have any goodwill that would have allowed them to do that."
Simply having a new owner in place, Carter said, would go a long way toward improving the value of the franchise.
"After the team is sold," they said, "I think you're going to find a lot of Dodger fans pulling hamstrings getting back on the bandwagon."
Arash Markazi is a columnist and writer for ESPNLosAngeles.com. Follow them on Twitter.
Whether you like it or not, Pantene Pro-V's latest stereotype-shattering commercial got us all talking. The ad, whichfeatures fictional female characters acting over-apologetic, was meant to highlight the (apparently strictly feminine) urge to incessantly say sorry. Although the ad is accurate — women do say the word "sorry" more often than men — what's the connection between this social phenomenon and hair products? And more importantly, why are so many companies these days demanding, as a marketing plot, that women change?
Whether it's Lean In or the Confidence Code, blaming women for their oh-so-feminine ways, instead of questioning the way men do things, is a popular trend in feminism. Where's the Head and Shoulders campaign telling men to apologize when they hog the armrest at the movies? Or the Levi's campaign demanding that dudes close their legs on the subway?
Of course, feminism and women's empowerment, being the hot topic that is, has long been used by corporations to sell goods, because it (unfortunately) works. Pantene didn't reinvent the wheel — they are merely applying what companies have already been practicing for decades.
As Nancy Fraser writes in "Feminism, Capitalism and the Cunning of History," at its roots, the feminist movement's raison d'être was to dismantle patriarchy, and with it capitalism, but the second wave of the movement in the 1960s brought with it an ideology of women's emancipation tied to capitalistic notions of power. Fraser concludes that "feminists should end our dangerous liaison with marketization" and be wary of actors who push for it. But that hasn't happened, as evidenced by current feminist icons like Beyoncé and Sheryl Sandberg.
Clearly, capitalism and feminism are no longer mutually exclusive. To many activists and advocates, this relationship is treacherous. Gender theorist bell hooks recently (and infamously) said that Beyoncé was "a terrorist, especially in terms of the impact on young girls." Despite that being a fairly radical position, it's worth exploring the way companies have benefitted from co-opting feminist notions.
To truly understand the potential harm that ads like those crafted by Pantene present, we need to observe them within a larger historical context. Corporate interest has often mixed with feminism, but some permutations of it are worse than others. Let's take a look.
1. Virginia Slims fought for your equal right to die from lung cancer.
If you've ever been to a women's studies class, you've heard of the overt attempt by Virginia Slims in the 1960s to co-opt feminism to sell women more cigarettes. In an attempt to profit off women's liberation, the company relied on empowering messages and the tagline "You've come a long way baby," appealing to recent victories like the Equal Rights Amendment and Roe v. Wade. Many of the ads showed women being shamed for smoking in public, a negative association that Virginia Slims was very adamant (and, let's be honest, personally invested) about eradicating. The corporation wanted to fight for women's right to smoke in public because it meant women would buy more cigarettes.
As historian and gender scholar Ruth Rosen points out in the Huffington Post, "As it happened, the only equality this campaign ended up supporting involved lung cancer. Today, women and men die at similar rates from that disease."
According to medical research, women are more vulnerable to health problems when they smoke, and lung cancer is set to replace breast cancer as the most common cause of death for women because of the "surge in the number of women who started smoking in the 1960s and 1970s."
Thanks, Virginia Slims.
2. Dove calls out photoshopping by using photoshopped models.
When Dove started its "Real Beauty" campaign a decade ago, many female consumers were excited — until they realized that the ads did little more than perpetuate restrictive standards of beauty. Despite a concerted effort to launch self-esteem camps for young girls and a stated intention to drive a conversation about beauty standards, many women saw through the ads.
Not only did the women in the commercials still have nice bodies, normative hip-to-waist ratios and flawless skin, they also were Photoshopped.
Jennifer Pozner, the founder and executive director of Women in Media & News and the author of Reality Bites Back: The Troubling Truth About Guilty Pleasure TV, believes this kind of campaign is thinly veiled corporate marketing.
"While I definitely appreciate Dove's investment in some media literacy projects for girls and some awareness-raising about unrealistic beauty standards in the media, fashion and cosmetics industries, we can't forget that the company isn't doing this for magnanimous purposes," Pozner told Mic. "They're doing it to co-opt feminist anger at unhealthy beauty standards and media manipulations. Make no mistake: It is extremely profitable to redirect feminist energy away from media activism and toward the drugstore beauty aisle."
Dove's campaign didn't only drive attention, it also drove sales. According to the Huffington Post, Unilever executives have made it clear that the campaign significantly boosted revenue. Women's self-esteem, on the other hand? Not so much.
3. Kellogg's wants you to shut up about the insecurities they've helped you develop.
Given that Kellogg's is responsible for a campaign entitled "What will you gain when you lose?" (which provoked a Change.org petition from eating disorder activists) and a plethora of ads presenting weight loss as the only path to self-worth, this commercial shaming females for feeling bad about their bodies is despicable. By holding women responsible for their bodily insecurities, Kellogg's ignores or denies that it has itself perpetuated those insecurities in the first place. Kellogg's has also capitalized on them. To put it plainly, if women were no longer insecure about their bodies, the diet food industry, which the company dominates, would go out of business.
4. Cover Girl thinks girls can do anything they want, as long as they keep putting stuff on their face.
This ad did not sit well with many women. Sure, it had Ellen DeGeneres, who has called out companies for trying to profit off ladies before, but the "just be you" message the company pushed in this commercial seemed contrived. Cover Girl, a company that'sspent the last 50 years telling young girls "Your personality needs layers, your face doesn't" and whose core message is, after all, to encourage women and girls to alter themselves to fit an unattainable standard, shouldn't be co-opting feminist messages of empowerment to drive profits.
To be clear, feminism and makeup are not diametrically opposed. Feminists can wear makeup, but makeup companies can't "wear" feminism. The movement isn't something you switch on momentarily for a campaign to make money; it's something you incorporate into everything you do. Something tells me Cover Girl's sudden interest in female empowerment is fuelled by the former.
5. Johnny Walker wants you to know that even when they don't care about your butt, they care about your butt.
This 1990's ad from Johnny Walker speaks for itself.
6. Entrepreneurial Barbie wants to give you an eating disorder and an iPad too.
10 Worst Ways Companies Have Used Feminism To Sell Women ProductsPutting aside the #unapologetic hashtag used to promote Barbie's cringe-worthy Sports Illustrated cover, the campaign to brand Barbie as empowering for girls because she's "entrepreneurial" is not only weird, it's off-putting. The fact that they have an iPad and a fancy knee-high dress doesn't change the fact that the doll essentially embodies female oppression in all its forms. Them proportions are so distorted that doctors concluded they would lead to health problems, like not having enough body fat for menstruation. It's no surprise that girls who play with thinner dolls eat less afterward. Research also shows that being exposed to Barbie narrows girls' ability to envision a broad spectrum of career opportunities.
Knowing all this makes it difficult to believe that Mattel has a genuine desire to empower girls. If they did, they would change more than just Barbie's attire; they would fundamentally transform the product. Then again, Mattel trying to give Barbie a feminist makeover is like Playboy trying to integrate feminist theory into its articles. No one is buying it.
7. Dove wants you to be insecure about your insecurities.
To borrow the beautiful words of Jessica Valenti, "beauty companies now want women to feel insecure about our insecurities."
Unlike "Evolution," the campaign that focused on the beauty industry's mass use of Photoshop, the largely derided sketches campaign didn't blame the big players for creating insecurities — they blamed women. By getting "regular" women to describe their faces to a forensic artist, they uncovered the shocking insecurities that their parent company, Unilever, has built its empire on. The video, intended to shock us all to see women being so hard on themselves, was instead criticized for its omission of the origin of those insecurities. Women are not born thinking they are fat/ugly/unlovable/unworthy, they are taught to feel that way by the beauty industry, an empire on which Unilever comfortably sits.
The only positive thing that came out of this campaign is this glorious parody video flipping Dove's assertion about women and self-esteem on its head, scrutinizing men's overconfidence instead.
8. Bond with other women about the fact that you both like to buy crap.
Female friendships: great when marching all over the patriarchy, but also useful for selling soup!
9. Swiffer wants you to channel your inner Rosie the Riveter and clean the damn floor.
Although Swiffer quickly apologized for the offensive ad from a 2013 marketing campaign, the appropriation of Rosie the Riveter, one of the most iconic feminist icons, to sell cleaning products to women launched a slew of online outrage. The Representation Project launched an impressive #NotBuyingIt campaign and called for a boycott. It was enough to scare the company into discontinuing the advertisement.
10. Snickers believes men are "themselves" when they sexually harass women.
In an attempt to be "funny" and "feminist," Snickers ruined chocolate for everyone by assuming that men are naturally Neanderthals who cannot behave themselves in the presence of boobs. The commercial takes place on a construction site, and depicts workers shouting feminist statements at female passersby. The problem is that Snickers frames this kind of behavior as men "not being themselves" because they are hungry. In the world that Snickers inhabits, men are incapable of respecting women, and being a kind, compassionate human being can be corrected by buying their product.
In a massive exposé leading up to its final issue, UK magazine Xbox World has revealed everything it knows about Microsoft's next Xbox console. This is exciting stuff, but remember: all the details in this post come from Xbox World, and should be considered rumors until they can be confirmed.
The next Xbox will not be called the Xbox 720 or Xbox 3; it will simply be called Xbox, in the style of Apple. Games that are known to be in development for the new Xbox (though not necessarily exclusively for the new Xbox) include Rare's Kinect Sports 3, Bungie's Destiny, Lionhead's long-rumored Fable MMO, 343 Industries' Halo 5, DICE's Battlefield 4, and Turn 10's Forza 5.
The new Xbox will reportedly sport "massive power," with a four-core CPU more powerful than any gaming PC. This will result in an increase in general performance—graphics, A.I., everything—in the next generation of games. DirectX 11 will increase game performance even further. And the new console will play Blu-ray discs, too—except for the "slim" version, which will be download-only.
Kinect 2.0 will come as a pack-in with the next Xbox. It can reportedly track up to four players and read minute movements right down to your fingers. Other technology—called Omnitouch—will allow Microsoft to explore some crazy augmented reality. This involves a new peripheral, and though details are scarce, it seems game characters and environments will be projected directly into your living room in full 3D. Yes, like Cortana.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Moving on: the new Xbox will reportedly take advantage of 3D sound that can come from anywhere at once, simulating real surround sound—not just 5.1 or 7.1 surround.
Other rumors touch on the controller—it could feature a touch screen, programmable buttons, or changes even more extreme—plus cloud and always-on gaming, a radically different interface, and a new Microsoft that's friendlier to developers. There are too many details to list here, so head over to CVG to get the full scoop.
Is it all too good to be true? We might know as soon as February or March, when Xbox World expects the next Xbox to be unveiled, ahead of a Nov. 2013 release. What do you want out of the next Xbox?
[via CVG]
A list of Genghis Khan quotes and sayings.
Well-known for quotes with topics related to leadership, power and punishment.
Brief Information:
Genghis Khan (also known as Chinggis Khan) was the founder and Khan of the Mongol Empire which became the largest contiguous empire in history. They were the son of a mongol tribe chief Yesükhei, and was given the name Temüjin at birth. According to the “Secret History of the Mongols“, Genghis Khan was born grasping a blood clot on their hand. This was believed as a sign that the child will be a great leader as per Mongol folklore.
By the age of twenty, Temüjin started to build their army of about twenty thousand men. This consequently initiated their gradual rise to power in the Mongolian steppes. They went on a journey to abolish traditional differences among the tribes and hence uniting them to establish the Mongol Empire.
As the Great Khan, they started the “Mongol invasions” which resulted in the conquest of a great portion of Eurasia. A huge number of people were affected and killed during the course of these invasions. Due to this, some groups and families were forced to leave their homeland(such was the case of the poet, Rumi). On the contrary, Genghis Khan also made positive contributions by granting religious freedom to their subjects, abolishing torture, encouraging trade and developing the first international postal system.
Learn more about this author
Listed below is our collection of images for Genghis Khan quotes and sayings.
The world's maiden clinical trial with real patients has shown a lot of potential with new medication that shows to cope well against particular blood cancers. This trial looked into the effectiveness of the drug in treating patients suffering from Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma with relapsed and refractory malignancies or were resistive to current chemotherapies.
Researchers at Leicester's Hospitals and the University of Leicester have announced a huge development in the results of a new inhibitor, also known as ONO/GS-4059, which prevents the production of a particular protein that helps in the development of cancer cells. Researchers have called this experience as a remarkable success, since experimental medication showed great results against cancer in approximately 2/3 of patients who were taken into the study during the trial. Around 75% of health events linked with the treatment were considered minor.
A well-known researcher at the University of Leicester, Dr. Harriet Walter, said that the patients had to battle a cruel reality since they had unsuccessful multiple chemotherapy treatments, with no other treatment alternatives being available. They added that the medication has brought about a dramatic change in their life and they are now leading a normal and pretty active lifestyle.
In January 2012, 90 patients were initially chosen for the study by the research team who kept them in a medical centers in France and England. All of these patients had at least one of the three kinds of leukemia: Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL), Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma (DLBCL), and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL).
It was observed that patients suffering from CLL displayed the best response, with close to 96% responding to the medication during an intermediate treatment span of 80 weeks, most of them still involved in the study and amazingly without evident toxicities. According to the researchers, CLL also showed fast response to ONO/GS-4059.
A patient when asked what it felt like, replied by stating that following 48 hours after the drug had been administered, it was like turning on the lights.
Researchers said that more studies will be carried out where the drug will be mixed with other medications to enhance the response of disease during the treatment, besides continuing research work on the way the drug functions and techniques to stop potential tumor resistance to it.
The study was published in the journal Blood under a name, “A phase I clinical trial of the selective BTK inhibitor ONO/GS-4059 in relapsed and refractory mature B-cell malignancies”, and was led by Walter and Professor Martin Dyer associated to the Ernest and Helen Scott Haematological Research Institute.
LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Taliban militants have launched an offensive against Afghan forces at Camp Bastion, the huge base in southern Helmand province vacated by the British military a month ago, officials said.
“Taliban attacked under the cover of darkness during the night, but our security forces fought against them well and prevented any damage to the camp,” General Ghulam Farooq Parwani, deputy commander of Maiwand 215 military corps said on Friday.
Camp Bastion was handed over to the Afghan military as part of the coalition's withdrawal of most foreign troops by the end of 2014.
General Parwani said five of their men had been killed, along with 20 Taliban fighters, and the battle was continuing. The figures could not be verified.
The Taliban, who were ousted from power by the U.S.-led coalition in 2001, claimed that hundreds had been killed in the attack. The insurgents routinely inflate casualty figures in statements.
On Wednesday, a coalition air strike killed six Taliban militants preparing to launch attacks on army personnel, according to the Helmand governor's spokesperson. The coalition declined to comment.
More than 4,600 Afghan police and soldiers have been killed in the war against the Taliban since the start of the year.
Elsewhere in Afghanistan, 20 people were wounded by a bomb planted in a mosque in eastern Nangarhar province, an interior ministry official said, while three people were injured in an explosion in northern Balkh province.
Minor spoilers ahead:
“You know why you're here? Nostalgia.” says Sick Boy, played again wonderfully by Johnny Lee Miller, right in the middle of the movie. Even though they were talking to Ewan McGregor's iconic character, Mark Renton, it's pretty obvious that Danny Boyle and John Hodge, the original's director and writer, are talking to us, the audience. So let's get that out of the way right at the start, it's a sequel to one of the most beloved movies from the 1990s, and I think most of us were on the edge of the necessity of a movie sequel since the last one ended perfectly. The first Trainspotting is a cult hit and one the quintessential drug use/abuse movies, a smart black comedy (that at times verges on horror, remember the god damn baby scene?) about dullness of the 1980s Scotland , identity of the youth, and most importantly escapism.
The movie starts, banging, loud with High Contrast' song Shotgun Mouthwash, to an older Mark Renton running on a treadmill in a gym in Amsterdam, mimicking the opening running sequence from original movie and cheekily juxtaposing it with the last frames of Renton's blurred smiling face from the ending of the original. But less than two minutes later the older Renton suffers from a form of heart attack, trips and falls, the pumping music abruptly ends and the credits start to a melancholic musical piece, setting up the general tone and tonal shifts that the rest of the movies will have and at times suffer from it.
We learn that twenty years have passed, and are featured to a montage of Spud's (played by Ewen Bremner) endeavors to become a functional member of the society and witness them unfortunately and hilariously failing over the years, most notably due to their unawareness of daylight savings.
Sick Boy, still with their bleach blond hair and now a cocaine addicts, is trying to become an extortion artist with their “girlfriend” Veronika.
And last but not least we see Begbie (played by Robert Carlyle), as psychotic and as threatening as ever, is trying to get on parole after serving a twenty year prison sentence but is denied in a amusing scene with their lawyer in a prison visiting cell.
Over the course of the movie Begbie is portrayed as the main threat for the rest of the characters, acting as the main antagonist of the film, as they are eager to act out vengeance on Renton for stealing sixteen thousand pounds twenty years ago. Although their character is the most entertaining to watch, their presence as the villain means that finale of the movie will have to feature some kind of standoff between them and Renton and the rest of the gang. And sure enough it did and unfortunately the whole last act is dedicated to building up that set piece.
Though the film feels disjointed because of that reason, Begbie's story arc perfectly complements the struggles of all the other male characters in the film. Begbie sees their grown up son for the first time and instantly worries that their son is not manly enough as they enrolled to college for Hotel Management. They suffer from erectile dysfunction and is unable to please their wife. Renton is going through a divorce and got kicked out of their house , Sick Boy is financially unstable and is afraid that Veronika will leave them because they are unable to provide for her, and Spud's son is ashamed of them and refuses to even to talk to him. There is even a scene of Spud of trying out boxing and failing, leaving the gym humiliated.
Danny Boyle's directional style is akin of their more recent work like Slumdog Millionaire but most notably Trance their 2013 mystery crime film and is fully shot on digital cameras. Due to that reason the film looks and feels considerably less grimy then the original, and in my opinion, doesn't work in the film's favor. Their frequent use of the dutch angles in the begging of the film can be distracting but as soon as the first wonderfully done sequence of Renton meeting Spud for the first time, the film kicks in to 2nd gear and we're in for a wonderful visually entertaining treat.
The film itself indulges on nostalgia to a fault as it can beat you over the head with references to the original, with constant flashbacks, but sometimes it can be entertainingly subtle once you think about it (everybody except Spud has a “fucking big television”). We even frequently hear Underworld's Born Slippy, though a melancholic version of the song.
The film never reaches the heights of its predecessor and my best guess is because it is trying so hard of being a sequel instead of being it's own movie. Nothing comes close as memorable or shocking as the baby scene, the dirty toilet scene or the death of Tommy. But fortunately even the lowest and most unnecessary moments of film are quite entertaining to watch.
And to the film's credit, the script allows all of the characters to have equal measure in story and gives actors a lot to work with, both comically and dramatically.
Trainspotting 2 is about regret, masculinity, betrayal, mid-life crisis, and unfulfillment and as much as those themes seems like it's a downer, it's actually an entertaining roller-coaster of a movie, but with a lack of clear focus and quotability of the original. Still it's an amusing new chapter in the lives of characters and anti-heroes we love.
And at the end the day, what we can learn from T2: Trainspotting is that maybe, the present, no matter how bad it is now, might be remembered as the good ol' days a few years from now.
On Sunday, the Department of Homeland Security held a press conference to announce that the swine flu outbreak that has spread from Mexico to the US and other countries was being declared an official public health emergency. Also over the weekend, the World Health Organization convened a meeting of its Emergency Committee to evaluate the situation. Said Committee has determined that "the current situation constitutes a public health emergency of international concern." If this language sounds like dispensation to panic, it's worth stepping back and looking at what led to these declarations and what they mean in practical terms, as the implications of these decisions are far milder than the language would suggest.
We'll start where the current version of the swine flu virus apparently did, in Mexico, where dozens have apparently died due to influenza. That may sound disturbing, but it's important to remember that most people with the flu evade any sort of public health surveillance—they feel awful for a few days, and then get on with their lives. As such, it's impossible to tell what the actual mortality rate among those infected with the virus is. Complicating this situation further is the fact that not all cases of flu-like symptoms are caused by the flu, and there may be other flu viruses circulating at the same time. These factors probably explain a number of the suspected cases in other countries that have turned out not to be cases of the swine flu.
By the time a sufficient number of serious cases had occurred in Mexico to alert the public health authorities, the virus was already in the process of spreading beyond its borders. Fortunately, the US Centers for Disease Control has a good relationship with its Mexican counterpart, and an extensive monitoring system is in place for the flu virus. The CDC, with the help of some alert medical professionals like a school nurse in New York City, has helped track this specific strain of swine flu as cases appeared in the US. Others have now been spotted elsewhere in North America and Europe, and there are suspected cases in Australia.
The tracking of the (now global) spread of this form of the flu is moving rapidly, so any numbers are likely to be out of date by the time they appear in the press. So far, most of these cases have occurred in people who have recently traveled to Mexico, but at this point, it's clear that the infected individuals have had enough contact with others that the virus is likely to have moved beyond that population unless it spreads poorly—and events in Mexico suggest that's not the case.
The CDC's monitoring has allowed a number of cases to be identified that might not have otherwise come to light, as very few of the US cases have wound up putting people in the hospital; so far, all have recovered. As the CDC's Acting Director Dr. Richard Besser put it, "In terms of detection, what we're seeing in this country is mild disease—things that would never have been detected if we weren't ramping up our surveillance." It's not clear whether this represents the typical course of the infection or whether some environmental or genetic factor enhanced the severity of some of the cases in Mexico.
Scary language masks practical steps
If none of that quite sounds like a "public health emergency" to you, you're not alone. Even the head of the Department of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, felt as much. "That sounds more severe than really it is," they said when announcing the emergency. "This is standard operating procedure and allows us to free up federal, state, and local agencies and their resources for prevention and mitigation." They pointed out that DHS had declared Obama's inauguration an emergency of similar severity, as it was the best way under department rules to provide the necessary security for the event.
Clearly, the number of direct parallels between the swine flu and the inauguration is pretty small, but Napolitano and Besser detailed a number of concrete steps that the emergency declaration would produce. Napolitano pointed out, for example, that the US has a strategic supply of modern antiviral drugs, primarily Tamiflu and Relenza, in a strategic national stockpile. A quarter of the full treatment courses, or over 10 million of them, were now being released for distribution, meaning that local hospitals should be assured of a basic supply even if there was a public run on the drugs.
Meanwhile, the CDC is taking a variety of practical steps. These include creating a seed stock of this specific virus so that work could progress rapidly on an immunization should the decision be made that one is needed. They're also working with Mexican public health authorities to expand the country's in-house testing capacity, allowing it to better track the dynamics of the outbreak.
Finally, it's giving the CDC to chance to highlight its basic information on the swine flu—you're very unlikely to get it from pork products, for example—and provide some basic (if obvious) public health advice: wash your hands often, and stay at home if you're not feeling well. The detailed information prepared by the CDC was posted online on Sunday.
Similarly, the World Health Organization's declaration led the organization to identify a number of areas where further research was needed regarding the behavior and spread of the virus. It has also called on national health organizations to increase monitoring and reporting so that it can be more carefully tracked.
So, the worrisome language is primarily due to standing rules that make these declarations necessary in order to fully mobilize the needed resources. Those resources will go to monitoring the dynamics of the spread of this virus, and putting the pieces in place to combat it if it develops into a serious public health concern. So far, indications are that it won't, as the cases outside of Mexico have been mild, and it's not clear that the Mexican fatalities are representative.
In trying to stay on top of the latest news, however, it's worthwhile noting something mentioned by the CDC's Besser, who said in reference to their group's website, "because of this speed in which things are progressing, you will at times find inconsistent information, and we're going to work really hard to make sure that that doesn't stay up for long." The same can almost certainly say for other media outlets, which are probably getting significant portions of their own information from the CDC in the first place.
Check back later this afternoon when we dive into a bit of the biology behind the flu virus.
DETROIT: Car technology is on the increase with self-driving cars and health-monitoring seats all turning from science fiction to science fact.
As such, when V3's sister site THE INQUIRER headed to the North American and International Auto Show (NAIAS) in Detroit to see some of the latest innovations on show, we were keen to see what they unearthed.
One of the most interesting announcements they came across was from Telsa, which was showing off its Model X SUV featuring an in-built tablet control panel.
The car was actually first unveiled in February 2012, and the Model X SUV is still in the prototype stage. However, with gull-wing doors, a front-mounted boot and seven seats it's clearly no small-scale project. It's also said to have a zero to 60mph time of around five seconds. Speedy.
Based on the four-door Tesla Model S that Tesla also showed off at NAIAS, the Model X features some updates such as all-wheel drive, thanks to an additional electric motor mounted at the front wheels.
The main feature that caught our eye, though, was that the Model X exhibited Tesla's updated in-car control centre that features a 17in capacitive LCD touchscreen, the biggest we've seen in a car yet.
Debuting in the Model S when it ships in the US later this year, the Linux-based technology will allow the driver to manage features such as climate and music control as well as navigation via Google Maps.
Better still, you'll be able to browse the web and program driving settings, such as "ride feel". Such settings allow drivers to optimise the vehicle with sounds to make it feel more like an authentic motor vehicle, because the silent drive on an electric-powered car generally lacks that factor.
The 17in display is powered by an Nvidia Tegra 3 chip, meaning it will be powerful enough to run a variety of content without lag. However, one drawback is that you cannot view video on the screen, for safety reasons, even when the engine is turned off.
Tesla said that early customers of the technology won't have to pay a penny for it during the first year of use, although monthly pricing might be introduced later on.
Another feature with Tesla's in-car technology is that you can tether your phone or tablet and use its data plan to stream content from your mobile device to the display. Tesla's control centre also has upgradable firmware, giving the driver peace of mind that it is future-proof too.
The instrument displays including the speedometer and fuel gauge are also based on digital displays, allowing the driver to customise what is shown via buttons on the steering wheel.
Deliveries for the Tesla Model X will begin in 2014, however in-car technology will come as standard on the Tesla Model S, which has already started shipping across in the US and can be expected to reach the UK by early 2014.
Speaking in an interview with the Brussels regional news site Brusselnieuws.be, the Mayor of Sint-Gillis Charles Picqué (Francophone socialist) said “We are becoming more and more convinced that they have exaggerated. It is becoming increasingly evident that the young man also acted violently. We plan to lodge a complaint against him. One of the officers that was involved in the incident's injuries were such that they were unable to work for 4 or 5 days.”
Elliot James Meredith claims that they were physically abused and humiliated by police in Sint-Gillis on Saturday night. They also allege that they were forced to sign a false statement.
Mr Meredith's solicitor has spoken of torture and said that the incident was so serious that they would lodge a complaint directly with an examining magistrate.
20th episode of the first season of The Twilight Zone
"Button, Button" is the second segment of the twentieth episode from the first season (1985–86) of the television series The Twilight Zone. The episode is based on the short story of the same name by Richard Matheson; the same short story forms the basis of the 2009 film The Box. In a documentary on the making of the movie The Box, Matheson states the inspiration of the story came from their wife, whose college professor had asked a similar question as a way of promoting a class discussion.
Plot [ edit ]
Arthur and Norma Lewis live in a low-rent tenement and are slowly descending into abject poverty. One day they receive a mysterious locked box with a button atop it and a note that says Mr. Steward will come visit. Then, just as the note said, a smartly dressed stranger who introduces themselves as Mr. Steward comes to their door while Arthur is away. They give Norma the key to the box and explains that if they press the button then two things will happen: they will receive $200,000 but in consequence someone "whom [they] don't know" will die.
After the stranger leaves, Arthur and Norma wonder whether Steward's proposal is genuine, and they debate on whether to press the button. Norma rationalizes that they could make good use of the money and that the one who dies might be an old Chinese peasant or a person with cancer. Arthur hypothesizes that pressing the button could cause the death of an innocent baby. They open the box and discover it to be empty, with no mechanism that the button could for whatever purpose activate.
Arthur angrily throws the box in the trash and tells Norma to forget the whole scheme. They remark that Mr. Steward can find their $200,000 in the city dump; however, after Arthur goes to bed Norma retrieves the box from the tenement's dumpster. The next day, as Arthur leaves for work they see Norma sitting at the kitchen table transfixed by the button. Finally, they decide to push the button much to their husband's disgust.
The next day, Mr. Steward returns and takes back the box, giving the shocked couple a briefcase with the $200,000. Norma asks what is to be done with the money, to which Steward remarks that they should spend it. Norma also asks what will happen to the box and Steward ominously replies that the button will be "reprogrammed" and offered to someone else with the same terms and conditions. Steward focuses on Norma and states "I can assure you it will be offered to someone whom you don't know".
Short story [ edit ]
"Button, Button" was first published in Playboy, June 1970, a short story written by Richard Matheson. The story was republished as part of a collection of Matheson's short stories.
In the original short story, the plot is resolved differently. Norma presses the button, and receives the money—after their husband dies in a train incident where they are pushed onto the tracks (the money was the no-fault insurance settlement, which is $50,000 instead of the $200,000 in the Twilight Zone episode). A despondent Norma asks the stranger why their husband was the one who was killed. The stranger replies, "Do you really think you knew your husband?"
Matheson strongly disapproved of the Twilight Zone version, especially the new ending, and used their pseudonym Logan Swanson for the teleplay.[1]
Film [ edit ]
The Box, a feature film based on this story, starring Cameron Diaz and James Marsden was released in 2009. The Twilight Zone episode is played out within the first hour, followed by further events within the context of the film's additional plot. Basil Hoffman, the actor who plays Steward in the Twilight Zone episode, also appears in the film, but as character Don Poates.[2]
Radio [ edit ]
A radio play version of the story is written by Henry Slesar who also produced the radio program. As the CBS Radio Mystery Theater Presents 15th episode entitled "The Chinaman Button" it was first broadcast Jan. 20, 1974. It was repeated at least twice on March 15, 1974, and again October 7, 1978.
In this version of the story, a man who is desperate for money is offered the chance to make a fortune. All they have to do is commit an anonymous murder where they will not even have to see the victim. Actors for this radio play were Mason Adams, Paul Hecht, Evie Juster, Ralph Bell, and Will Hare.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Cited [ edit ]
There was great sadness the other night when the Cubs' 2017 World Series dream died at the hands of the Dodgers.
My Cubs fan brothers were deeply saddened, as were friends at work. I tried to soothe their grief, but for some odd reason, I couldn't console them.
And all other Cubs fans all across the land were depressed, too.
So what is expected of a White Sox fan at a time like this?
If you cleave to the old-school ways of Chicago, if you walk the Chicago Way, here's what you do: You attend the wake, no matter how you feel about the dearly departed.
And sometimes, you lift a beer and pay your respects.
Naturally, I went to McNally's, the White Sox bar on 111th and Western, where they hate the Cubs. I ordered a Bud and said a quiet prayer:
Put it on the board, yes!
The day was warm and bright, but McNally's was dark and cool. The beer was nice and cold.
And the large flag draped over the wall behind the bar — in the place of great honor — was just the perfect, somber touch:
A large white “L” on a blue field.
Cub fans love to fly the “W.” But clearly, the “L” flag at McNally's isn't a “W.” Since “W” stands for “win,” then “L” must stand for something else.
I love your flag, I told the young lady barkeep.
“How's your beer?” they asked. “Tasty?”
Especially today, I nodded. It's really tasty today.
“You should have seen it here last night when the Cubs lost,” they said. “It was so crowded. Everybody had a good time when the Dodgers started hitting homers. No World Series for the Cubs now.”
I lifted my beer in salute to the magnificent “L” flag.
The bar was empty except for a guy at the end. So where are all the Sox fans celebrating the L?
“That was last night,” they said. “It's finished. Finally.”
“It is finished, finally,” is just perfect. Finally is a fine word for Sox fans.
If the Cubs had made it their second straight World Series, chances are that their Cubbie mojo would have kicked in and the Cubs would have won the thing.
Chicago would have been festooned with “W” flags. The media would have gone insane. Every day would have brought a new cutesy Cubs feel-good feature, like the one about the woman who gave a Cubs jersey to the pope. And the food sections of the papers would be full of Cubs-themed snack recipes and Cubs cocktails and so on.
The idea of Cubs-themed snacks and Cubs cocktails with bitters and wine floats makes me ill.
What's a Sox cocktail? A beer.
And I don't think Sox fans could have taken all that Cubs love two years in a row. Particularly since the Sox aren't very good. They lost 95 games this season, and they'll probably suck in 2018, and that's not the stuff dreams are made of.
So yes, we are relieved.
Last year, I wished the Cubs well. And I'm happy for my brothers that the Cubs won the series. But that was last year. Let's get back to reality.
“Hey, I'm a Cubs fan,” said Shorty Mowatt, a retired heavy equipment operator at the end of the bar.
What are you doing here?
“I always come here,” said Shorty. “Yeah the other guys give me (stuff), but they're my friends. Listen, it just wasn't meant to be. The Cubs couldn't hit. The bullpen was just (bad).
“It's baseball,” said Shorty. “And baseball isn't life, you know.”
I raised my beer to the “L” flag, and took a big gulp.
Shorty understands the eternal truth. A dog is not a cat. And a Sox fan is not a Cubs fan. You can't have love for two teams in one body. If you did, then you'd be some hideous, two-headed creature, like a baseball cat-dog.
And now that the Cubs are out of it, what happens in baseball Chicago?
With the Cubs dominating the sports media, you may have missed it, but there has been a great cultural change.
The Cubs were once Chicago's lovable losers, but no longer. Lovable losers don't devour their neighborhoods whole, as the Cubs have devoured Wrigleyville, with a boutique hotel and shops. The Cubs footprint grows ever larger.
You really can't call it Wrigleyville any longer. It's a theme park called Cubslandia.
In Chicago, the Cubs are the team of the elite, the team of wealth and power, the one of A-list celebrities, of the mayor and politicians with reach. They're the Yankees of Chicago now.
And if Chicago were “Game of Thrones,” the Cubs would be the team of the Lannisters.
And the Sox? To properly consider where the Sox fit in, I drove a few blocks west to Fat Tommy's hot dogs and ordered a Ditka and a Grabber. There I ran into Sox fans, including Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart, who was wearing a battered Sox cap.
“Yeah, we have that chip on our shoulder, but the Sox have always been the underdogs in Chicago, and now even more so,” said Dart. “Our Sox are the team of the neighborhoods, the team of the little guy.”
As such, we refuse to bend the knee. We may wear black, but we're not mourning.
So, Sox fans, it is over. Finally, it is over.
Listen to "The Chicago Way" podcast with John Kass and Jeff Carlin — at http://wgnradio.com/category/wgn-plus/thechicagoway.
jskass@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @John_Kass
RELATED:
Cubs, Blackhawks, Sox, Bulls, Fire, Bears: When each Chicago team last won a championship »
Losing no longer so lovable to Cubs fans after 2016 team raised the bar »
For Cubs fans, disappointing end, but not a disappointing season »
This article is over 2 years old
Swedish state-owned energy giant reaches deal with Czech company to sell German coal operations as it ‘accelerates' shift to greener energy
Swedish state-owned energy giant Vattenfall said on Monday it had reached a deal to sell its German coal operations, employing 8,000 people, as it moves away from activities blamed for climate change.
Vattenfall said it would sell its German lignite, or brown coal, business – opencast coalmines and two power plants close to the German-Polish border – to Czech operator EPH.
The coal operations represent about one-tenth of Vattenfall's power production in Germany, where it is the third-largest energy supplier.
Swedish energy company Vattenfall plans sale of German coal operations Read more
“This divestment of our lignite assets is good strategically but also financially given current and expected market conditions,” said Vattenfall chief executive, Magnus Hall.
“We are now accelerating our shift towards a more sustainable production. The sale means more than 75% of our production will be climate neutral compared to about 50% today,” Hall said.
Vattenfall said the sale of the coal business would have a negative impact of 22-27bn Swedish kronor (€2.4-2.9bn, $2.7-3.3bn) on its second-quarter results, but the hit would have been larger if it had waited longer.
The sale of the coal assets drew few bidders.
Another Czech company, CEZ, withdrew afer expressing initial interest.
Greenpeace, too, had tried to bid for the coal operations with the intention of closing them down. But the environmental group said in November it had been barred from bidding because Citigroup, in charge of the sale, judged that it had no intention of making a financial bid.
There is growing resistance to fossil fuels in Germany. Meanwhile, public subsidies of renewable sources of energy are making coal-fired energy less profitable.
Writing loglines is an essential skill for screenwriters, from early development through to the pitch. In this section, every week our panel reviews a few loglines posted to www.logline.it. Learn from the feedback and perfect your own loglining skills.
by The Judges
Model Behaviour
[box] “Jordan Rhodes is an honest detective investigating the heinous murder of a leading talent agent. As they delve into a melting pot of beauty, ego and violence, the stakes are raised when the killer distributes horrific crime-scene photographs to the press, thrusting a reluctant Jordan into the spotlight in a city where everybody wants to be famous.”[/box]
The judges' verdict:
Phyllis: “This premise has promise. Reluctant celebrities in this age of FAME? Really? Interested to see how this character will be drawn. And I have a question… is this story based on the recent murder of a real-life female Hollywood publicist? Truth is definitely stranger than you know what… Good, solid concept here”
Interested to see how this character will be drawn.
Steven: “It sets up a nice protagonist versus their environment conflict. The protagonist being the only one in their town who is unassuming and not out to be a celebrity, despite the fact that they live and works in a fame-obsessed city. That works at a deep level. In this sense the killer/villain could work as the protagonist's shadow, as the killer is clearly desirous of causing a sensation (in contrast to the hero's low-key nature). There is even a suggestion here of the hero having to make a personal transformation to catch and defeat the villain”
It sets up a nice protagonist versus their environment conflict
James: Apart from the length this is a solid effort. It gives us a protagonist. They have a flaw that contrasts nicely with the world that they live in. It has the inciting incident, one which conflicts with their flaw (honesty). My main complaint is this logline falls into the classic problem of over-description. ‘A melting pot of beauty, ego, violence…etc' This isn't really needed. It may help to create the world but more could be done with these words. They have their goal, now what are their stakes and is there any urgency behind them? If this can be added in than we will have a much better logline.”
A Perfect Story
[box] “Bella from the Planet Kabbalore is caught up in a civil war on the planet Delta 5. After a request from Delta 5's Governor Zelack, the President of the New Commonwealth sends a rescue party, consisting of NSPA Agents and Commonwealth Search and Rescue teams. Their ship is attacked and the party crash lands and are left for dead on a planet which is occupied by intelligent undead and enemy soldiers”[/box]
The judges' verdict:
Steven: “The viable story thread here is one of interstellar law agents having their ship attacked and forced to crash land on some primitive or hostile planet. A planet well removed from civilised space. Forget the zoombies and definitely the first two sentences of this logline are clunky and turgid. Call them star law agents, say, and then get on with the dramatic part of the story. Don't encumber the reader with a dissertation on their departmental names.. ”
The first two sentences of this logline are clunky and turgid
Geno: “This needs an “extreme logline make-over”, so you can start by deleting everything up until “Their ship…” This is where your story starts. Identify your protag; I assume it's Bella. Who is she? What is the protag's goal? Getting out of a civil war? They have to have more of a goal. The obstacles? Zombies. The stakes? Losing their lives, and failing in their other goal, as yet unknown.”
Identify your protag…. Who is she? What is the protag's goal?
Phyllis: ” If this scriptwriter takes the conventions of the zombie genre and subverts them, a unique and compelling narrative could emerge. It's an ambitious task, but not impossible. And the logline [is] too complicated. Keep it simple and strong, identifying the protagonist, their goal and ultimately what's at stake – the intelligent undead should be the icing on the proverbial pudding.”
If you have an opinion on any of these synopses or the feedback from the judges, please share it with us in the comments below. Please keep the discussion constructive. Even if your first instinct may be subjective, try to give us as objective a reply as possible. The objective is to all (that includes us, judges) learn from the exercise.
So what is your verdict? Would you want to see these films? Why (not)? Did the judges get it right? How would you improve the synopses/loglines and what do you feel might improve the stories behind them?
To read the full reviews and those from casual visitors, go to www.logline.it.
The Judges (click for details)
Species of herbaceous perrenial plant with fleshy edible stalks
Rhubarb (Rheum rhabarbarum or Rheum × hybridum according to the British Royal Horticultural Society[1]) is a species of plant in the family Polygonaceae. It is a herbaceous perennial growing from short, thick rhizomes. The fleshy, edible stalks (petioles), are used in cooking, but the large, triangular leaves contain high levels of oxalic acid, making them inedible. The small flowers are grouped in large compound leafy greenish-white to rose-red inflorescences.
Although rhubarb is a vegetable, it is often put to the same culinary uses as fruits.[2] The leaf stalks can be used raw, when they have a crisp texture (similar to celery, although it is in a different family), but are most commonly cooked with sugar and used in pies, crumbles and other desserts. They have a strong, tart taste. Several varieties have been domesticated for human consumption, most of which are recognised as Rheum x hybridum by the Royal Horticultural Society.
Rhubarb contains anthraquinones including rhein, and emodin and their glycosides (e.g. glucorhein), which impart cathartic and laxative properties. It is hence useful as a cathartic in case of constipation.[3]
Cultivation [ edit ]
Rhubarb displayed for sale at a market in Leeds, England
Rhubarb is grown widely, and with greenhouse production it is available throughout much of the year. Rhubarb grown in hothouses (heated greenhouses) is called "hothouse rhubarb", and is typically made available at consumer markets in early spring, before outdoor cultivated rhubarb is available. Hothouse rhubarb is usually brighter red, tenderer and sweeter-tasting than outdoor rhubarb.[4] In temperate climates, rhubarb is one of the first food plants harvested, usually in mid- to late spring (April or May in the Northern Hemisphere, October or November in the Southern Hemisphere), and the season for field-grown plants lasts until the end of summer. In the northwestern US states of Oregon and Washington, there are typically two harvests, from late April to May and from late June into July;[5] half of all US production is in Pierce County, Washington.[6] Rhubarb is ready to consume as soon as harvested, and freshly cut stalks are firm and glossy.
In the United Kingdom, the first rhubarb of the year is harvested by candlelight in forcing sheds where all other light is excluded, a practice that produces a sweeter, more tender stalk.[7] These sheds are dotted around the "Rhubarb Triangle" between Wakefield, Leeds, and Morley.[8]
Rhubarb damaged by severe cold should not be eaten, as it may be high in oxalic acid, which migrates from the leaves and can cause illness.[9]
The colour of rhubarb stalks can vary from the commonly associated crimson red, through speckled light pink, to simply light green. Rhubarb stalks are poetically described as "crimson stalks". The colour results from the presence of anthocyanins, and varies according to both rhubarb variety and production technique. The colour is not related to its suitability for cooking:[10]
Historical cultivation [ edit ]
A 19th century apothecary jar for Rhubarb
A bundle of rhubarb
The Chinese call rhubarb "the great yellow" (dà huáng 大黃), and have used rhubarb root for medicinal purposes for thousands of years.[3] It appears in The Divine Farmer's Herb-Root Classic which is thought to have been compiled about 2,700 years ago.[11] Though Dioscurides' description of ρηον or ρά indicates that a medicinal root brought to Greece from beyond the Bosphorus may have been rhubarb, commerce in the drug did not become securely established until Islamic times. During Islamic times, it was imported along the Silk Road, reaching Europe in the 14th century through the ports of Aleppo and Smyrna, where it became known as "Turkish rhubarb".[12] Later, it also started arriving via the new maritime routes, or overland through Russia. The "Russian rhubarb" was the most valued, probably because of the rhubarb-specific quality control system maintained by the Russian Empire.[13]
The cost of transportation across Asia made rhubarb expensive in medieval Europe. It was several times the price of other valuable herbs and spices such as cinnamon, opium, and saffron. The merchant explorer Marco Polo therefore searched for the place where the plant was grown and harvested, discovering that it was cultivated in the mountains of Tangut province.[11] The value of rhubarb can be seen in Ruy Gonzáles de Clavijo's report of their embassy in 1403–05 to Timur in Samarkand: "The best of all merchandise coming to Samarkand was from China: especially silks, satins, musk, rubies, diamonds, pearls, and rhubarb..."[14]
The high price as well as the increasing demand from apothecaries stimulated efforts to cultivate the plant on European soil. These were unsuccessful in producing rhubarb root with the necessary medicinal qualities, but the variety then grown in Russia became the ancestor of the common modern rhubarb. The availability of this "Siberian rhubarb", together with the increasing abundance and decreasing price of sugar in the 18th century, galvanised its culinary adoption.[13][15]
Though it is often asserted that rhubarb first came to the United States in the 1820s,[16] John Bartram was growing medicinal and culinary rhubarbs in Philadelphia from the 1730s, planting seeds sent them by Peter Collinson.[17] From the first, the familiar garden rhubarb was not the only Rheum in American gardens: Thomas Jefferson planted R. undulatum at Monticello in 1809 and 1811, observing that it was "Esculent rhubarb, the leaves excellent as Spinach."[18]
Cultivars [ edit ]
The advocate of organic gardening Lawrence D. Hills listed their favourite rhubarb varieties for flavour as ‘Hawke's Champagne', ‘Victoria', ‘Timperley Early', and ‘Early Albert', also recommending ‘Gaskin's Perpetual' for having the lowest level of oxalic acid, allowing it to be harvested over a much longer period of the growing season without developing excessive sourness.[19]
The following cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-[20]
Etymology [ edit ]
"Rhubarb" originally comes from the two Greek words for rhubarb. Rheon from the Persian rewend, later became the Latin word rheum, meaning rhubarb. The other Greek word is rha, an ancient name for the Volga River in Russian, where rhubarb was cultivated, having been introduced there from China via the Silk Road. In medieval Latin, rheon and rha became rheum barbarum, literally "foreign rhubarb" or "strange rhubarb", and evolved later into rheubarbarum.[25] Most likely, the English word "rhubarb" entered the language via the French word rhubarbe brought over by the conquering Normans and from the Latin rheubarbarum.
Uses [ edit ]
Dried strawberry-flavoured rhubarb
Rhubarb is grown primarily for its fleshy leafstalks, technically known as petioles. The use of rhubarb stalks as food is a relatively recent innovation. This usage was first recorded in 17th-century England after affordable sugar became available to common people, and reached a peak between the 20th century's two world wars.[citation needed]
Commonly, it is stewed with sugar or used in pies and desserts, but it can also be put into savoury dishes or pickled. Rhubarb can be dehydrated and infused with fruit juice. In most cases, it is infused with strawberry juice to mimic the popular strawberry rhubarb pie.
Rhubarb root produces a rich brown dye similar to walnut husks. It is used in northern regions where walnut trees do not survive.[citation needed]
Food [ edit ]
A homemade rhubarb pie
For cooking, the stalks are often cut into small pieces and stewed (boiled in water) with added sugar, until soft. Little water is added, as rhubarb stalks already contain a great deal of water. Rhubarb should be processed and stored in containers which are unaffected by residual acid content, such as glass or stainless steel. Spices such as cinnamon, nutmeg, and ginger are sometimes added. Stewed rhubarb or rhubarb sauce, like applesauce, is usually eaten cold. Pectin, or sugar with pectin, can be added to the mixture to make jams.
A similar preparation, thickened with cornstarch or flour, is used as filling for rhubarb pie, tarts, and crumbles, leading to the nickname "pie plant", by which it is referred to in many 19th-century cookbooks,[26] as well as by American author Laura Ingalls Wilder in their short novel The First Four Years.
In recent times rhubarb has often been paired with strawberries to make strawberry-rhubarb pie, though some rhubarb purists jokingly consider this "a rather unhappy marriage".[26]
In former days, a common and affordable sweet for children in parts of the United Kingdom and Sweden was a tender stick of rhubarb, dipped in sugar. It is still eaten this way in western Finland, Norway, Canada, Iceland, the Faroe Islands and Sweden, and also some other parts of the world. In Chile, Chilean rhubarb, which is only very distantly related, is sold on the street with salt or dried chili pepper.
Rhubarb can be used to make a fruit wine or sima. It is also used to make compote.[27] Being a bit sour, it is very refreshing and can be drunk cold, especially during the summer.
Folk medicine [ edit ]
In traditional Chinese medicine, rhubarb roots have been thought of as a laxative for several millennia.[28] Rhubarb also appears in medieval Arabic and European prescriptions.[29][30] It was one of the first Chinese medicines to be imported to the West from China.[31]
Chemistry [ edit ]
The roots and stems are rich in anthraquinones, such as emodin and rhein.[3] These substances are cathartic and laxative, explaining the sporadic use of rhubarb as a dieting aid. The anthraquinone compounds have been separated from powdered rhubarb root for medicinal purposes.[28]
The rhizomes contain stilbenoid compounds (including rhaponticin), which seem to lower blood glucose levels in diabetic mice.[32]
Rhubarb also contains the flavanol glucosides (+)-catechin-5-O-glucoside and (−)-catechin-7-O-glucoside.[33]
Rhubarb contains quinone molecules which are capable of carrying an electrical charge. In 2014, a Harvard-based team of scientists published results[34] describing the use of the quinone AQDS, almost identical to a form found in rhubarb, in flow-batteries.[35]
Toxicity [ edit ]
Young rhubarb flowers
Rhubarb leaves contain poisonous substances, including oxalic acid, which is a nephrotoxic and corrosive acid that is present in many plants. Humans have been poisoned after ingesting the leaves, a particular problem during World War I when the leaves were mistakenly recommended as a food source in Britain.[36][37][38] The toxic rhubarb leaves have been used in flavouring extracts, after the oxalic acid is removed by treatment with precipitated chalk (i.e., calcium carbonate). Oxalic acid can also be found in the stalks of rhubarb, but the levels are too low to cause any bodily harm.
The LD 50 (median lethal dose) for pure oxalic acid in rats is about 375 mg/kg body weight,[39] or about 25 grams for a 65-kilogram (143 lb) human. Other sources give a much higher oral LD Lo (the lowest published lethal dose) of 600 mg/kg.[40] While the oxalic acid content of rhubarb leaves can vary, a typical value is about 0.5%, [41] meaning a 65 kg adult would need to eat 4 to 8 kg (9 to 18 lbs) to obtain a lethal dose, depending on which lethal dose is assumed. Cooking the leaves with baking soda can make them more poisonous by producing soluble oxalates.[42] The leaves are believed to also contain an additional, unidentified toxin,[43] which might be an anthraquinone glycoside (also known as senna glycosides).[44]
In the petioles (stalks), the proportion of oxalic acid is much lower, only about a tenth of the total acidity of 2–2.5%, which consists mostly of malic acid.[45]
Pests [ edit ]
The rhubarb curculio, Lixus concavus, is a weevil. Rhubarb is a host, damage being visible mainly on the leaves and stalks, with gummosis, and oval or circular feeding and/or egg-laying sites.[46]
Hungry wildlife may dig up and eat rhubarb roots in the spring, as stored starches are turned to sugars for new foliage growth.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Nigel Farage effectively admitted defeat in the EU referendum tonight - as a new poll predicted that the Leave campaign will lose by 52% to 48%.
The Ukip leader's surprise concession came as polls closed in the crunch vote.
Speaking to Sky News, Mr Farage said: "It's been an extraordinary referendum campaign, turnout looks to be exceptionally high and looks like Remain will edge it.
"UKIP and I are going nowhere and the party will only continue to grow stronger in the future."
At the same time, YouGov published a poll predicting that Remain will win the referendum by four points.
The pollsters asked 5000 voters they had previously surveyed if they had changed their mind before casting their ballot.
From that, they forecast that Remain will end up on 52%, with Leave on 48%.
Joe Twyman, YouGov's head of political and social research, said: "The survey found a small move to Remain and based on these results we expect the United Kingdom to continue as a member of the European Union."
"The results are close and it too early to call it definitively. But these results, along with the recent trends and historical precedent, suggest a Remain victory is the more likely outcome.”
Meanwhile, turnout was said to be high across the country, seen as a further sign that Remain are on course for victory.
Follow all the action through the night on the PoliticsHome liveblog
The campaign website for state Rep. Tim Leonard of Evergreen portrays them as a successful business person and devoted father who's dedicated to “[r]aising healthy, holy, and happy children.” But what their site doesn't say is that Leonard repeatedly has disregarded a judge's order in their divorce case – so much so that what has been ruled their contempt of court may land them in jail before year's end.
Leonard, a real estate broker, was appointed to their House District 25 seat last January, replacing then-Rep. Jon Keyser, who resigned to run for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate. Leonard is vying to win their first full-term in the seat in November.
Related: On the radar: two sleeper statehouse races to watch this year
They and their ex-wife, Monica Leonard, divorced in 2013 after 20 years of marriage. They have six kids. One is a recent college graduate, another is in college, and the other four are under the age of 18.
As part of their divorce settlement, Monica Leonard was granted sole decision-making about the minor children's education. They have complained to family court that Leonard repeatedly has disregarded that order.
During a hearing in Jefferson County District Court on Sept. 29th, a magistrate scolded Leonard for repeatedly shrugging off the judge's order and interfering with their ex-wife's educational decisions.
This time, it could cost them their freedom.
Magistrate Marianne Marshall Tims found Leonard in contempt of court on two charges related to educational decision-making. They said they intend to enter a punitive sanction, which they told them could be a jail sentence of up to six months. But the hearing adjourned after 5 p.m. in the business day, after the bailiff had ended the shift.
“If it was earlier, Mr. Leonard, you need to know that a sheriff would be coming to take you into custody,” the magistrate said, according to a transcript of the hearing obtained by The Colorado Independent this week.
The transcript shows that Leonard repeatedly has attempted, sometimes successfully, to make educational decisions for their children that conflicted with decisions made by their ex-wife. According to their own testimony, they were found in contempt of court in September 2014 for trying to opt out one of the children from a particular state standardized test. The transcript shows that the school was aware of the court order and disregarded their instructions, so the child took the test.
One of the two latest contempt findings against Leonard was for their attempt to opt another child out of a federal standardized test. Leonard told the magistrate that the federal test was “educationally insignificant,” although they did not explain what led them to that conclusion.
“He's not qualified to make that determination,” the magistrate said in their ruling.
Monica Leonard is the only parent “that would have the ability to opt [the child] out,” Magistrate Tims added. “He doesn't have the authority to do that regardless of how insignificant they have decided testing will be… They have previously been held in contempt for exactly what was done here today. They find that this meant different kid, different test. That's contrary to what the Court finds today.”
Magistrate Tims said it was “mind blowing to me” that Leonard figured the court order from September 2014 had to do only with one kind of testing and for only one child.
“[T]he Court will enter a punitive sanction and I can tell you Mr. Leonard, you are not going to like it,” they said.
Them other contempt finding was for Leonard's refusal to allow one of the younger children to use an iPad at school. The devices were given to every student in that child's class. Because Leonard forbade their child from using it, the teacher had to single out that child for supplemental work in lieu of using the iPad.
Leonard testified that they do not have internet access at their home to be used by a child of that age.
The magistrate ruled that they may restrict the iPad's use at their home, but not ignore the decision about education made by their ex-wife for the child to use the device at school.
“I don't know if we are going to go through all of the kids and all of the issues before they grow up and reach the age of maturity, but at this rate it sure seems like we are,” an apparently exasperated magistrate said.
After a marriage that spanned two decades, Monica Leonard was granted an annulment by the Catholic Church in June. Them sister, Mary Miller, told The Independent that Monica Leonard homeschooled the children for 20 years, but after the divorce put four of them in public schools – a decision that their ex-husband has objected to, preferring they attend an online school at home instead.
Leonard is a co-founder of Golden View Classical Academy in Golden, a public charter school whose website touts a curriculum aimed “to recover lost tools of learning in order to cultivate wise and virtuous men and women who will be responsible citizens of our republic.”
Since 2012, when Monica Leonard first sought the divorce, Miller estimates Leonard has filed more than 80 motions against their ex-wife on a variety of issues.
Monica Leonard told the magistrate that “I filed for divorce because of their controlling and manipulative behavior. It's four years later and they are still trying to control me in every fashion possible.” Their youngest is now nine, and to go through another ten years of this will be “hell,” they said.
For their part, Leonard said their family has run into a few problems with public schooling. They found it objectionable that a school would teach on iPads, and pointed out that the school's permission form required approval from both parents. “Like all parents, I am quite restrictive about screen time with my kids,” especially one so young, they wrote.
“If the magistrate decides on jail time for this, they would be clearly overreaching as this is not a ‘contempt' worthy cause,” they added.
On the testing issue, they wrote, “Like many other parents, I requested opting our son out of the [federal] PARCC Exam last spring. This followed on the heels of the State Board granting Jeffco Public School District the waiver they requested to not be penalized for lack of student participation. Likewise, my child's school was granted a waiver the prior year to not administer the PARCC test.
“Again, this would be a major overreach by the magistrate to hold me in contempt and warrant jail time on an issue so many clearly determine is not necessary for a child's education,” they wrote.
Leonard noted that any order by the magistrate “is appealable to a judge.”
“It's always unfortunate, that during these divorce court battles, common sense goes out the window and the kids suffer,” they wrote. “This has not reduced the sadness of our situation and the trauma for our children. Clearly there is a problem with the system.”
Leonard will be sentenced for their punitive sanctions on Dec. 9 at 1:30 p.m.
Photo credit: Colorado General Assembly
This night the ship strike group of the Russian Navy consisting of the Dagestan missile ship, the small-sized missile ships Grad Sviyazhsk, Uglich, Veliky Ustyug launched cruise missiles against ISIS infrastructural facilities in Syria from the assigned district of the Caspian Sea.The firing was conducted by high-precision ship missile systems Kalibr NK, the cruise missiles of which engaged all the assigned targets successfully and with high accuracy. The missile ship Dagestan (project 11661) was the flagship of the ship strike group. Its displacement constitutes about 2 000 tons, its length is over 100 meters. The ship is equipped with a modern high-accuracy missile system Kalibr NK capable of engaging targets by cruise missiles located on all the territory of Syria with the accuracy of up to 3 meters. The cruise missiles fly at the altitudes of up to 50 meters following the terrain.The missile ship Dagestan is capable of task performance at the distance of 4 000 km from the permanent base.The displacement of small-sized missile ships Grad Sviyazhsk, Uglich, Veliky Ustyug (project 21631) is 1 000 tons, their length is over 70 meters. The main strike weapon of the ships of this type is the Kalibr NK high-precision ship missile system, which allows engaging targets day and night in bad hydrometeorological conditions.#Syria #ISIS #ВМФ #ИГИЛ #КФл
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7 (UPI) -- The Russian Ministry of Defense reports Russian Navy ships launched cruise missiles Wednesday against Islamic State targets in Syria from the Caspian Sea.
The missiles were fired by the small-sized ships Dagestan, Grad Sviyazhsk, Uglich and Veliky Ustyug, targeting infrastructural facilities in the country. The ships used the Kalibr NK missile system, which Russian officials say was able to engage all targets successfully. The system is capable of engaging targets within a 3-meter margin of error.
The Dagestan served as the flagship of the operation. The missile ship has a length of over 100 meters, and displaces about 2,000 tons.
Russian airstrikes in Syria continue to be met with controversy from Western powers and their allies. The White House has been critical of Moscow's support for Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, despite the common enemy of the Islamic State, radical Sunni militants also identified as Daesh, and by the acronyms ISIS and ISIL.
Russia has offered to reopen talks with the U.S. on how the two nations could cooperate to defeat IS.
ORLANDO, FL—A lengthy succession of grievous and utterly miscalculated errors resulted in the 5th anniversary of local couple Jeff and Kim Cuthbert's wedding, sources confirmed today. “At this point, we can only blame years' worth of lamentable and fundamentally flawed judgment—primarily on the part of not only Jeff and Kim, but also their friends and family—for today's 5th anniversary,” said marital expert Simon Hatter, explaining that the anniversary is ultimately the culmination of many calamitous errors, including the couple's 2006 introduction when they excitedly believed they “hit it off,” their 2007 engagement, and their doomed 2008 wedding. “It's also safe to say that the series of mishaps continues every single day Jeff and Kim eat dinner together without making eye contact and silently lie in bed together.” Hatter explained the sequence of mistakes will likely continue through the births of Jeff and Kim's two children in 2014 and 2017, but that a faint glimmer of hope will emerge briefly during their 2023 trial separation.
Advertisement
What is a Marketing Campaign Anyway?
Defining an Ambiguous Term
Jesse Williams Blocked Unblock Follow May 15, 2017
A few days ago, while talking to a client, I found myself agreeing to a vague deliverable called a marketing campaign. As the leader of a marketing division, a marketing campaign should be right in my wheelhouse. As I talked over my meeting notes with my team, I quickly realized that I had absolutely no idea what I had agreed to. To make things worse, I had agreed to do this nebulous activity at least once a month for the client.
Like a true millennial, I decided to Google it.
After a few more search queries, it became clear that no one who's able to rank on SERPs really knows what a marketing campaign is. The definitions range from daily posting on social media to making a company-wide marketing calendar.
When All Else Fails, Reverse Engineer
My frustration with the lack of on-demand knowledge quickly turned to introspection. After all, I'm a marketer. I should know this stuff. But since I didn't, I decided to account for what I did know.
Marketing's goal is to drive new revenue through highly-targeted communication. What I don't understand is the campaign part. Some sources refer to campaigns as promotions or deals, others as updated messaging or branding, and most of them focus on the use of new media channels.
So I headed back to Google.
By the definitions above, my team runs campaigns — organized, well-planned courses of action formulated to achieve a particular result — every day. If we didn't, our clients would fire us and we would have never achieved the results we have. This still hasn't clarified what a marketing campaign is and how it differs from a marketing strategy.
Why Is the Topic So Vague?
One of the things I've discovered about corporate life, specifically with a focus on marketing, is that the skills that differentiate great marketing executives form the average joes are never found online. I don't fully know why, but I do know is that the skills that help me achieve great results for my clients have come from my mentors, and when I Google these topics and strategies, they don't appear in search results.
I believe this is because so many marketers are marketing themselves and their generic strategies. I'll save that topic for another day.
What's a Marketing Campaign?
Since no one is giving it a clear definition, here's what I believe a marketing campaign is:
A marketing campaign is an activity that takes place outside of the day-to-day marketing tasks that are specifically designed to boost new revenue and enhance customer interaction.
It can be a massive organized effort with millions of dollars backing it, or it can be so simple that only a few individuals even recognize it. At the end of the day, its success comes down to the extent that it was able to attain new revenue and interaction with the brand.
How to Engineer a Marketing Campaign
Now that we've defined the term, let's talk about how to engineer an effective marketing campaign. Engineering an effective campaign can be broken into three stages:
. Planning: This is where you identify the goal and set firm target metrics for your campaign.
. Coordinating: Successful campaigns require the involvement of multiple marketing disciplines that play highly specific roles.
. Execution: Great campaigns take flawless execution from the entire team.
Planning — When planning your campaign, it's important to remember multiple factors. First and most important, is your target . This will be based on new revenue metrics. For example, let's say you want to add an additional $100,000 to your bottom line next quarter.
Second, you have to look at the cost of the campaign. Spending $110,000 on a campaign to gain only $100,000 doesn't make sense.
Coordinating — Great campaigns are made of hundreds of little tasks done well. It requires leveraging designers, copywriters, paid ad specialists, SEO experts, developers, PR specialists, and your sales team, to name a few. Not every campaign will use the same talent, but missing one of these key roles will negatively affect the campaign's performance.
Execution — This is where the rubber meets the road. I've been a part of many marketing campaigns and with out a doubt the most difficult thing to get right is the execution. This is because most campaigns feature a ton of moving parts. Getting all of these parts moving in the right direction is extremely difficult.
Architecting Mindbox Marketing Campaigns
At Mindbox, we force ourselves to put actions and firm deliverables around the idea of a marketing campaign. This allows us to offer highly-effective marketing campaigns as a service to our clients.
It's forced us to identify what areas of marketing campaigns are effective and which areas are not. We have to make sure that the client only pays for time and effort with an associated ROI. We've also created our campaigns to have a long-tail effect for the client, creating assets that generate revenue even once the campaign has reached its end.
Most importantly, we've eliminated another area of ambiguity in communication with our clients, giving us the ability to consistently provide an exceptional experience.
This post was originally published in the Mindbox Journal.
ALLENTOWN — For the past two nights, Flyers undrafted prospect Phil Myers has participated in the Phantoms' pregame skates for their Atlantic Division Semifinal series against the Hershey Bears.
Although Myers has been a healthy scratch for both games.
Flyers fans are itching to see the future but will the Bears see them at all this series? It doesn't sound promising.
After Game 1 Friday night Lehigh Valley Phantoms head coach Scott Gordon ruled Myers out of Saturday night's game.
"I think it would have been different had they come in three weeks ago and played some games, even two weeks ago," Gordon said. "But right now they just flew in yesterday so there's no way he's going to play — obviously [Friday's] game or [Saturday's] game. We haven't thought past that. We'll get them on the ice in practice."
The Lehigh Valley Phantoms hosted the Hershey Bears in the first ever AHL playoff game in the Lehigh Valley Friday at PPL Center in Allentown. (Chris Shipley/The Morning Call) (Chris Shipley/The Morning Call)
The 20-year-old was reassigned to the Phantoms Thursday from their Quebec Major Junior Hockey League team, the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies.
They compiled 92 points (29 goals, 63 assists) in 203 games with the Huskies. The 6'5", 202-pound defender produced better than a point per game pace this year with 35 points (10 goals, 25 assists) in just 34 games.
A member of Team Canada's silver medal-winning team at the 2017 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, Myers was signed by Philadelphia to a three-year, entry-level contract back on September 21, 2015.
Gordon left open the possibility they make their pro debut soon but keeping in mind that they still have to learn the Phantoms' system it's hard to believe Myers will get time in this series. Especially with the Phantoms needing to win three out of their next four to advance to the Atlantic Division Finals after dropping Game 1 in overtime.
Plus, Gordon's other comments weren't reassuring that he'd play.
They explained that when players come to the AHL from juniors, they are often logging close to 30 minutes a night. When they're playing that much, they said, players find shortcuts that allow for bad habits to begin.
"They'll come in and they'll play and there are things that they have in their game that they got to get out to be better than pros," Gordon said. "We saw that with Travis [Sanheim] at the beginning of the year."
What Gordon was talking about with Sanheim was the fact that Sanheim was counted on to produce a lot of offense since their juniors team didn't have much. That caused them to neglect some of their defensive responsibilities.
Gordon said it only took Sanheim about three weeks to correct that but it still took some time.
"I'm not saying that would be the case with Phil, but there's probably something in their game that is going to be a tendency you pretty much eliminate in the beginning of the year," Gordon said.
smgross@mcall.com
Twitter @SteveGrossMCall
610-820-6187
Listen to the full album here
NME is exclusively streaming Morrissey‘s new album, ‘World Peace Is None Of Your Business'.
Recorded in France and produced by Joe Chiccarelli, the long-awaited album hits the shelves on Monday (July 14) but can be heard now by clicking below.
The ‘World Peace Is None Of Your Business' tracklisting is:
‘World Peace Is None Of Your Business'
‘Neal Cassady Drops Dead'
‘Istanbul'
‘I'm Not A Man'
‘Earth Is The Loneliest Planet'
‘Staircase At The University'
‘The Bullfighter Dies'
‘Kiss Me A Lot'
‘Smiler With Knife'
‘Kick The Bride Down the Aisle'
‘Mountjoy'
‘Oboe Concerto'
Also available now is an NME Special Collector's Edition magazine tracing the solo career of Morrissey.
Telling the story of Morrissey's solo career through archive NME and Melody Maker interviews and classic and rare photographs, it also includes brand-new features about their eventful 1991 and 1992 US tours, their early 2000s hiatus and whether 2014 will be their greatest comeback yet. With brand new re-evaluations of every solo Morrissey work, it's a comprehensive guide to all things Moz.
The 100-page, glossy edition is available now priced at £5.99. You can order the print edition, download it for iPad or iPhone or find it on newsstands.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
NME BLOG: Which is Morrissey's best solo album? See if you agree.
This story started in different places and at different times, like all stories. For me, it started in a mobile home in Varne Ridge park in Capel-le-ferne, Folkestone, home of so many Channel adventures, in October 2010. It was a couple of days after my Hungarian “stepson” Gábor Molnar had completed their English Channel solo and Sylvain Estadieu and I had been on crew. The remainder of the crew were asleep and Gábor, Sylvain and I pursued a late not-entirely-sober night, talking Channel, swimming, Sandycove and future plans and dreams. Sylvain was raving about I.M. (individual medley, a combination of backstroke, butterfly, breaststroke and front crawl). We agreed that whatever Sylvain decided, Gábor and I would be crewed.
For Sylvain, I think it started even earlier.
After their previous English Channel Solo in 2009, on the same tide as Owen O'Keeffe and Lisa Cummins, they had decided in early 2010 to do four laps of Sandycove by I.M. Sandycove is about 1700 metres around (average), so that was about a mile of each stroke. He'd done it with Gábor as company and the seed was sown for the later grander adventure, though over the course of the following three years, we were party to some of their ideas. They finally settled on a butterfly crossing, as no man had crossed the Channel by butterfly, though both Julie Bradshaw and Vicki Keith had previously crossed the Channel using that stroke.
Booked for September 2013, in September of 2012, Sylvain, committed to transparent rules like most marathon swimmers, engaged in a discussion on the marathonswimmers.org/forum about what extra rules could or should apply to such a crossing, with particular reference to stroke judging, something with which those of us who swim front crawl don't have to be concerned. In the autumn they contacted the CS&PF through President Nick Adams, asking for the CS&PF committee to agree the rule-set in advance.
Eventually Sylvain's window arrived and we assembled as usual In Varne Ridge with Sylvain and their fiancee Greta. Gábor had just changed job and was very disappointed to not be able to be present but instead he'd drafted in a Hungarian friend of theirs from their EC solo and MIMS swims, Gergő “Kovi” Kovács. Lisa Cummins also joined the crew. But the weather wasn't co-operative for Channel swimming for the week. Sylvain did electrify the Saturday morning Dover beach crew who had all heard about their butterfly attempt. They also made me do butterfly with them in training and Greta had to enter the water also. I did about 200 metres continuous and that was enough for me. Sylvain glides through the water with their ‘fly, I look more like I am trying to escape from the water.
During this week, Lisa and I stepped in as emergency crew for Haydn Welch's Channel attempt, as there was still no visible window. Sylvain and Greta waved us off from the rare departure point of Dungeness for Haydn's unusual English Channel attempt, something that was tough on them as conditions looked quite good from the beach, though as it (providentially) became aware to us crew, it was utterly unsuitable for a butterfly attempt. Two days later, Lisa and I both returned to Ireland and Kovi to Hungary. Haydn's attempt provided Lisa the opportunity to leave from Dungeness, which nicely counterpointed the fact that they are the only English Channel swimmer to ever land at Dungeness. Sylle continued to train daily in Dover harbour. Torn between holding their nerve and taper, and the temptation to restart long swims, they agreed with coach Eilís that they would swim a couple of two and three hour swims.
I've said before, and I am sure will say again, that waiting for weather is one of the most difficult and least understood or appreciated aspects of Channel swimming. Years in the dreaming and training, everything can be lost with an unfavourable low pressure system. Many people in Sylvain's situation would have lost their chance of a swim after the first week, and probably have to return home, and it being late in the season, may not have any chance at a late swim. The financial cost also escalates rapidly. Another week of accommodation and car rental. Cancelled or rescheduled flights for yourself and extra flights to bring crew back in, and more expensive due to short term booking.
Sylvain and Greta was prepared to wait for a chance of a spring tide opportunity, and so a week after we returned home, Sylle called us back to Dover. We arrived the afternoon of Saturday September the 21st with the prospect of starting the swim during the night on Sunday/Monday or during Monday.
Soon after we arrived, we did “the big shop”, using my checklist. Water for Sylvain. Water for crew. More water. Backup food for Sylvain. Food for crew. More food for crew. More water. WHIF food. (What-IF we can't eat this or that? What-IF Sylvain or crew get sick?). A Channel swim's provisions often look like a small desert expedition.
Then back to Varne to eat and prepare and mix, and await the next call after 7pm with Pilot Mike Oram.
Mike confirmed the swim was almost certainly on for Sunday with a starting time in the morning of about 9a.m. but Sylle still needed to to wait until Sunday morning on the pntoon, for final confirmation as weather forecasts still indicated a possibility of a 6 hour delay but the final, final, final morning discussion would give us the go-ahead. Provisionally! Life of a Channel Swimmer! Hurry up and wait. But be on the slip-way in the morning, and there was still a chance of a tide delay.
Back to Varne to pre-mix, pack, eat and sleep.
Premixing the swimmer's feed simplifies and cleans up things on the boat greatly for the crew. The swimmer can be sure the feed is mixed to their own requirement, and malto-dextrin is a sticky substance best avoided having to mix on a boat. Two or one and a half litre bottles are much easier to lift and pour than 5 litre bottles. Square bottles pack better than round. Minutiae, the type that comes from the combined experience of the group.
Then we packed all the boxes. Sylle's pre-mixed feeds. Sylle's supplementary and solid swim food. Sylle's gear, crew food, more crew food. Sylle's swim gear. Crew gear. Sylle's clothes. Crew bags. Pack everything, then unpack it and repack it. Check the checklist. Then dinner, then re-check the checklist and boxes.
A morning start would bring its own challenges, but at least we would get a good night's sleep before.
On to Part 2.
Related articles
Suspended Jefferson County District Attorney Charles Todd Henderson has pleaded not guilty to the perjury charge that has prevented them from taking office.
One of Henderson's attorneys on Tuesday afternoon filed the not-guilty plea in the case. Henderson also waived the right to have an arraignment hearing on the charge in that same court document.
At the same time, Henderson's attorneys also filed a motion to dismiss the indictment charging them with perjury. "The indictment is legally insufficient because it is unconstitutionally vague," the motion filed by attorney Clayton R. Tartt, one of the attorneys representing Henderson.
The Attorney General's Office declined comment this morning.
The Jan. 13 indictment by the special grand jury, impaneled by Assistant Alabama Attorney General Matt Hart, alleges that Henderson "did, in an official proceeding, to wit: a September 20, 2016, hearing ... swear falsely and such false statement was material to the proceeding in which they were made."
But Henderson's attorneys say the indictment does not specify the exact questions and responses Henderson gave that prompted the perjury charge. Alabama law and previous court rulings state that an indictment must specify the alleged conduct so the defendant can prepare a defense if one is available, the motion states.
"Failing to specifically detail what statement is false in a perjury indictment is akin to not naming a victim in a murder indictment or what was stolen in a theft indictment," according to the motion. "Allowing this case to proceed under the current indictment would result in nothing short of trial by ambush."
New Jefferson County District Attorney indicted for perjury; will face suspension Details of the indictment were not yet available but Henderson's attorney, James Parkman, called the charge false.
Henderson's attorneys compared Henderson's indictment with that of another perjury indictment obtained by the Attorney General's Office and same prosecutor a little more than two years ago. The indictment in State v. Moore, included exerts of the grand jury transcript with multiple questions and answers, the motion states.
"Not only did the state (Attorney General's Office) detail which statements were believed to be false but it also placed them in underlined bold print," Henderson's motion states.
Also, by not stating the details in the indictment, if Henderson were to be acquitted at trial in the case, "there would be nothing stopping the prosecution from obtaining another indictment for perjury from the same proceeding," Henderson's attorney claims.
Henderson's attorneys also previously filed a motion asserting their constitutional right to a speedy trial. "Henderson understands that Alabama law does not define exactly what a speedy trial means," according to that motion.
A motion also was filed by Henderson's attorneys seeking copies all information, including any recordings or other evidence prosecutors may have in their possession related to the case.
Henderson was prevented from taking office Jan. 17 as the next Jefferson County district attorney because of the indictment four days earlier.
Henderson's attorneys have said the charge is false and politically motivated. Henderson also has denied the charge.
Henderson, a Democrat, defeated long-time Jefferson County District Attorney Brandon Falls, a Republican, during the November general election.
Henderson got 148,906 votes, or 50.9 percent, and Falls 143,748, or 49.1 percent.
The indictment charging Henderson with first-degree perjury states that at a Sept. 26 hearing before Circuit Judge Patricia Stephens in the divorce case of Charbel Akl v. Yareima Carmen Valecillos Akl that Henderson did "swear falsely and such false statement was material to the proceeding in which they were made."
Court records show Henderson had been appointed guardian ad litem in that divorce case in January 2016 to represent the interests of the couple's child. But in May they were removed as GAL after allegations that they were biased against the father and the mother was working on Henderson's campaign.
Then at a trial in September in the divorce case Henderson testified and evidence surfaced that they and the mother were in a romantic relationship, according to court records. It's not clear exactly the question or questions to which Henderson allegedly lied and so far transcripts of the testimony have not been publicly available.
Henderson was asked questions about their relationship with the wife in the divorce that were "fuzzy" at best and they gave the appropriate answers, James Parkman, another of the attorneys representing Henderson, said.
Danny Carr named Jefferson County DA pro tem Carr was appointed district attorney pro ten by presiding Jefferson County Circuit Judge Joseph Boohaker.
Parkman said that the man and woman - the Akls - in the divorce case had separated in 2014. In May of 2015 the husband filed for divorce. In August of 2015 Henderson met Ms. Akl and they requested and began working on their campaign, they said.
"There was no relationship other than campaign work that existed until the end of July 2016 after they were removed as guardian ad litem in May of 2016," Parkman said.
Henderson and Ms. Akl "hooked up" months after they were relieved of their guardian ad litem duties, Parkman said.
A complaint was made to the Birmingham Bar Association regarding their role as guardian ad litem and a possible conflict of interest - unrelated to the perjury charge, Parkman said. That complaint was forwarded to the Alabama State Bar and the attorneys haven't been told the status of that complaint, they said.
The Alabama and Birmingham bar associations have declined comment about a possible investigation of Henderson.
But if the state bar were to continue a parallel investigation, it could disbar Henderson from the practice of law and also prevent them from taking office.
Danny Carr, the longtime deputy district attorney who Henderson had tapped as their chief deputy, was sworn in to be district attorney pro-tem while the charges are pending against Henderson. Carr's chief assistant is now Deputy Jefferson County District Attorney Joe Roberts.
Chilton County Circuit Judge Sibley G. Reynolds is presiding over Henderson's case after Jefferson County judges recused themselves.
Suspended Jefferson County District Attorney Charles Henderson on perjury charge: 'I didn't do it' The indictment, which was publicly released this morning, states Henderson did "swear falsely and such false statement was material to the proceeding in which they were made."
“Homeland” has recruited another new cast member for the upcoming sixth season.
“Nurse Jackie” alum Dominic Fumusa has joined the Showtime hit in a recurring role, Variety has learned exclusively.
Fumusa will play FBI Special Agent Ray Conlin. Other than their character name, details are scarce because their role is being kept tightly under wraps, according to an insider. The number of episodes in which they will appear has not been determined, as the season is still being written and is currently in production.
Fumusa joins other “Homeland” newbies for Season 6, including Elizabeth Marvel, who will play the president-elect, and “Prison Break” alum Robert Knepper, who will recur as General Jamie McClendon, the Department of Defense representative who is tasked with briefing president-elect Elizabeth Keane (Marvel) and their team.
“Homeland” brings Fumusa back into the Showtime fold, as they starred on “Nurse Jackie” for all seven seasons, playing Kevin Peyton. Their other TV credits include guest spots on “Elementary,” “Blue Bloods” and recently “BrainDead” on CBS, and their film credits include Will Smith's “Focus” and Michael Bay's “13 Hours.”  They are repped by Gersh and Industry Entertainment.
“Homeland” Season 6 premieres Sunday, Jan. 15 at 9 p.m.
1 year ago
Hi everyone, I'm back again with more thoughts on why we do what we do with our programming. It's fun to write these and I'm really enjoying your thoughtful responses, so keep ‘em coming
Today we announced the RWBY Chibi season 2 premiere date (May 13!), and that the series will be FIRST exclusive for 7 days before it becomes free-to-watch on RoosterTeeth.com and YouTube. For those who saw my previous post, this likely comes as no surprise. Chibi has stand-alone episodes, like Million Dollars But…, Sex Swing, and RTAA do, so there's less concern about spoilers and breaking up a conversation in the community. I was also fascinated to see people respond to my last post saying that they now use the YouTube notifications system to tell them when there's a new episode available on FIRST. Notifications are possible within our iOS and Android apps, but we've not developed the workflow to use them quite yet; you'll likely start to see us play with those by the end of this year.
To address the elephant in the room, our windowing on RWBY Chibi in no way reflects any decisions on how we'll window RWBY Volume 5. Check out my last post for more details as to why, but to sum it up: RWBY has a serialized narrative that drives conversation within our community, and although the vast majority of people who watch RWBY on our website are already logged-in FIRST members, that show does receive marginally more free-to-watch traffic than others. We're still collecting data that will help make a decision about this, and we'll keep you updated once we have a better idea of what the Fall will hold for us.
We've also made a number of adjustments to our lineup lately, and I've seen conversations asking “what happened to that show?” or “this show is great but no one is watching it, please support it!” or “is this show coming back?” or “PLS RT MORE STRANGERHOOD” (ok, not a ton of that last one). That tells me it's high time to give you some insight into how we judge a show's performance and decide if it should be renewed or canceled. (If you want details on how we greenlight shows, check out Burnie's vlog on the subject.) While I can't talk through a ton of specific numbers here, I can give you a sense of our priorities.
When we look at a show's performance, we ask a lot of questions. First off, how many minutes of a show did we serve across all platforms, relative to our other shows? If you've ever posted anything on YouTube, you've likely seen this same “minutes watched” stat in YouTube's analytics tab as well. The reason we all focus intently on it is because time is super valuable to our audience, and it has a clear, consistent definition. One minute is always 60 seconds (unless you distort gravity, but that's generally not a concern for us). Compare that to a View, which has a completely different definition set by each platform that serves video. YouTube doesn't tell us specifically what a view is, but it's widely estimated that a YouTube view happens after someone watches 30 seconds of a video, with some exceptions. Facebook separates 10-second views and 3-second views. Other SVOD services define a view as the number of minutes of a video viewed by all subscribers divided by the total runtime of the video. So a view is relative to its definition; time is not. Views can be an indicator of minutes served when taken in context, but it's pretty inconsistent and overly complex. It's also really hard to compare the value of one show's View to another, especially since our shows have widely varying run times.
Another important indicator to us is engagement, which is a buzzword that's partly data and partly totally subjective. It refers to all the interactive things people do with our content besides watching it. Did they comment on it? Share it? Use a modifier on our website? Is there a specific moment in an episode that people clearly responded to? A character? On the subjective side, what's the general feeling of that engagement? People sometimes engage a lot with something they absolutely hate, but the internet can also just be troll-y sometimes, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Is there something about the engagement that can help us make the show better?
Last but certainly not least on the data side: did this show successfully serve a purpose for us? Is our community responding to it? Did it help us grow FIRST? Did it raise the overall profile and measurable audience of Rooster Teeth? If it's a talk show, were we able to get ad sponsors excited enough about it that they'd support it? Is there something else we can do with this show on top of airing it on our own channels, like bring it to movie theaters, make an awesome, collector-worthy DVD, or create cool merch?
There are other factors too, unrelated to data. Shows that are really hard to produce for some reason, regardless of how much they cost to make, tend to have a higher bar to hit if we're going to keep making them; we say that these shows “cost more than money to make.” If there's a central creative issue with a show that we've not quite figured out how to solve despite having a season of episodes to experiment on, we likely will want a clear way forward before we're OK making more of them. We also try to find learnings from the things we can control that affect data, like the specific way we linked from a YouTube video back to FIRST, and how we windowed the content. If there's something we know we can do better next time, that helps. And there's always that ultimate intangible: do we even want to make any more of this show? If the people who work on it have run out of creative steam, it's pretty tough to ask them to do it all again.
All of that might help explain a few things some of you have noticed lately. Enjoy the Show and A Spot of Science (f.k.a. Let Me Clarify) have ended after their initial seasons. We tried airing a new episode of Enjoy the Show on The Know this past weekend to see if that might be a better home for a show in that vein, and so far we're encouraged by the results. In both of those cases, we loved making the shows, but for good reasons you outlined in the comments, you didn't respond to them and we had hoped. The same goes for Sex Swing: that was a ridiculously fun show to develop and work on, but we didn't quite get it to where we needed to be on multiple levels, viewership included.
The best part of Rooster Teeth is, we're going to launch a ton more new shows this year. Every one of them will be a chance to find the next thing you guys will fall in love with. It's inevitable that not everything will work, and in fact most of it won't, but we love trying new things with you guys and making adjustments until we get it right.
Hundreds of thousands joined protests against Nicolás Maduro's presidency, against a backdrop of mass hunger and high crime
Venezuela's opposition has vowed to turn up the pressure on the socialist government of President Nicolás Maduro, calling for a national strike on Friday and a march on the presidential palace next week to demand a recall referendum against the troubled leader.
Venezuelans on why they are marching for a referendum Read more
“Either the government restores the constitution, or on 3 November we march to the palace,” Henrique Capriles, a former presidential candidate and opposition leader, said before hundreds of thousands of protesters at a march in Caracas on Wednesday.
Crowds chanted, many wearing white and waving national flags, chanted: “This government is going to fall!” as they congregated at nearly 50 sites across the country.
Capriles blamed authorities for injuring more than 120 people and detaining 147 protesters.
Clashes occurred in several cities outside Caracas, witnesses said, including the Andean city of Merida and the volatile western town of San Cristobal that was an epicenter of violence during 2014 anti-Maduro protests.
Opposition activists and student leaders said there were at least five protesters reportedly struck by bullets in Venezuela's second-largest city Maracaibo and San Cristobal.
Local media later reported a police officer had been shot in a protest on the outskirts of Caracas. The Miranda state police force confirmed the death, but said the officer and their colleagues had been attacked and did not link the incident to the opposition protest.
Critics say the government has disregarded the constitution by preventing a recall referendum against Maduro, who faces low approval ratings, high crime rates and food scarcity that is leaving many Venezuelans hungry.
“I came because we can't take this situation any longer. I don't want us to be humiliated any more,” said marcher Marisela Flores, a resident of El Hatillo, one of the five municipalities that make up Caracas.
Electoral officials closed the door on a recall process last week after five lower courts found that fraud had been involved in a petition to trigger the referendum. “Putting the brakes on the recall, which was our only electoral and peaceful way out, is the last straw,” they said.
Maduro called for a national dialogue to ease tensions but the opposition is wary of any attempt at negotiation. “I call the Venezuelan people to a political and social dialogue for the prosperity of Venezuela,” Maduro said. “Venezuela should close the chapter of political violence.”
Vatican-brokered talks between the government and opposition are reportedly scheduled for Sunday on the island of Margarita. However some sectors of the opposition coalition, known as MUD, have said they would participate only if the talks are held in Caracas.
Meanwhile Maduro held a meeting of the national defence council, to address the economic and security crises of the country. Venezuela is home to the world's largest oil reserves but falling oil prices coupled with years of price and currency controls have led to severe shortages of food and medicine.
Henry Ramos Allup, the speaker of the assembly, was invited to attend the council meeting but refused. “I will not take part in that piece of theatre,” they said. “I will not play the part of the fool.”
However Maduro said that the national assembly – controlled by the opposition after a landslide victory in elections last December – had become irrelevant. “I think the national assembly's time is up,” they said, in a televised address from Miraflores, the presidential palace.
On Tuesday the assembly voted to begin a political trial against Maduro, although it is largely symbolic as impeachment does not exist in Venezuela. Henry Ramos Allup, president of the assembly, told supporters that lawmakers would declare that Maduro has “abandoned theirs responsibilities”.
Venezuela on the brink: a journey through a country in crisis Read more
The assembly summoned the president to appear in the legislature on 1 November but Maduro was unlikely to attend, calling the attempt to put them on trial a “parliamentary coup”.
Although some protesters on Wednesday wanted to march on the Miraflores palace at once to show their anger at the seat of the presidency, the marchers remained on the mostly anti-government eastern sectors of the city.
Holding off until next week to go to Miraflores “gives the government more oxygen,” said Douglas Monzón, a resident of a working class suburb of Caracas called the Valles del Tuy.
After speaking to the crowd, Capriles called on marchers to go home peacefully.
In 2002 a massive protest march against the then president, Hugo Chávez, that reached the presidential palace led to deadly violence between pro and anti-government demonstrators and a brief coup d'état against the charismatic firebrand, who was restored to power two days later.
Yaneis Torrealba, also a resident of Valles del Tuy and a fervent supporter of Chávez, said the socialism they tried to create in the oil-flushed country failed in 2013. “It died when Chávez died,” they said. They too would have liked to have marched all the way to Miraflores on Wednesday. “Today is when we should all stay on the streets,” Torrealba said.
BERKELEY (KPIX 5) – A Facebook page calling itself the “UC Berkeley White Student Union” has been taken down by the social network.
Students first spotted the page Friday. The site claimed the goal was to “unapologetically provide a safe space for white students to air their true feelings…” about the “challenges European-American students on college campuses face.”
“I think it's just people who are racist, or don't realize they are racist,” said Nikola Kendis, a student at UC Berkeley.
Kendis said minority student unions provide support for students facing systemic oppressions, something they say white students do not face.
“That's not a thing. There's no oppression. Like, what?” Kendis said. “No, I don't need protection from a white student union.”
And yet the pages have been popping up all over Facebook, at least 30 pages for several universities in the past few days alone.
Students said the pages make a mockery of the Black Lives Matter movement.
“I'm not gonna lie. I was a little pissed off at first. But I'm not surprised,” said Ridwin Mohamednur, also a student at UC Berkeley. “I mean, a lot of folks are tired of hearing about black issues, the Black Lives Matter problems.”
Chancellor Nicholas Dirks responded with a statement on Monday, saying, “While UC Berkeley honors First Amendment rights, we do not endorse this attempt to create conflict and make light of the efforts of activists locally and nationally.”
Facebook removed the page because the site's creator had a fake user profile. The chancellor's office said the page was likely created by someone outside the university.
Written by Hans Sherrer.
(This essay appeared in Dissenting Electorate: Those Who Refuse to Vote and the Legitimacy of Their Opposition (edited by Carl Watner with Wendy McElroy), Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Co., Inc., 2001, pp.126-129. It was reprinted in The Voluntaryst, Number 114 – 3rd Quarter 2002)
In 1776, the Declaration of Independence made it plain that in America, “Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, – That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive…, it is the Right of the People to alter or abolish it,…” The consent theory stated by the Declaration is standard fare in American politics. The Declaration, however, failed to address a very important question: How do individuals express their disapproval of a political regime and/or withdraw their consent from a government that they deem “destructive?”
There are several methods that Americans have used to demonstrate their lack of consent. One way is to renounce allegiance to an existing political order. The colonists in North America seceded from the British empire by successfully waging the Revolutionary War. On the other hand, the eleven Confederate states removed themselves from the federal union from 1861-1865, before being forcibly reintegrated back into the United States. 1
A second way someone can express a lack of consent is to move to a different country. This is what several commentators have called “the exit option.” 2 History teaches that the last resort of the individual against tyranny is to escape from its jurisdiction. The Jews left Egypt; the Separatists fled England. History is replete with examples of people who “voted with their feet.”
A third way people express a lack of consent is by not voting. Although political pundits might not call it a withdrawal of consent, the fact is that millions upon millions of Americans show their displeasure with their government by not registering for and/or casting a ballot in political elections. Non-voting represents an exit from political society. It is a silent form of “social power” that speaks volumes. Choosing not to vote may be a form of apathy, but it is simultaneously an expression of “what I perceive is best for me.”
In other words, millions of non-voters are implicitly stating that voting is a meaningless and unimportant activity, so far as it applies to them and their loved ones in their own lives. After all, government programs, and spending and tax policies will continue regardless of how anyone votes. Furthermore, for those thinking individuals who understand that the government must “get out the vote,” the choice not to vote is a form of personal empowerment and a psychologically life-affirming act. 3 Those men and women who consciously choose not to participate in politics expose the lie behind the myth of “government by consent.” They have not consented to anything. In other words, their decision not to vote is a form of personal secession – the form of secession that is most readily available to them. 4
This choice is exercised by many millions of Americans because they understand that elections are nothing more than tugs-of-war between tweedledum Democrats and tweedledee Republicans. Both parties seek the mantle of power to impose their agendas on society. Politicians of every political party want to continue the flow of tax money into the treasury and to pass laws allowing the government to increasingly invade the social spheres of daily life. As social commentator, one-time political candidate, and author Gore Vidal once noted: there is really only one political party in this country, and it has two incestuously related branches. 5
Whether based on intuition or practical understanding, non-voters realize they only have a subservient role in the political structure described by Vidal. Without money, position or connections, they are disenfranchised from having any meaningful say-so in the government's impact on their lives. Yet, in spite of this handicap, choosing not to vote can have a dramatic and positive effect on society. This is because a government's survival is dependent on having a sufficient number of people grant it the appearance of legitimacy to act and elicit obedience. 6
Whether it is an explicit intention or an implicit result, the decision not to vote is a way of decreasing governmental legitimacy. As Vladimir Bukovsky, the Russian dissident put it: “Power rests on nothing other than people's consent to submit, and each person who refuses to submit to tyranny reduces it by one two-hundred-and-fifty-millionth, whereas each who compromises [with it] only increases it.” 7 Finally, there reaches a point at which a government no longer has enough consensus to act under any authority other than the exercise of raw, naked power. Once the mirage of legitimacy is gone, a government must become openly despotic to remain in power. This, in turn, tends to turn even more people away from supporting it, and can put its continued existence in doubt.
This isn't armchair speculation. History records that variations of this scenario have occurred numerous times. 8 Who would have predicted that the Marco regime would fall from power in the Philippines? Who ever expected that the Communist government in Poland would be succeeded by Solidarity? Who ever thought that the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics would “splinter apart” in what seemed like the blink of an eye? However, it is usually a surprise to the “experts” when it happens, because it occurs quickly and at a time when a State appears, from the outside, to be at the height of its power.
This phenomenon of seemingly sudden social change is explained by physicist Per Bak's theory of self-organizing criticality. 9 This theory, for example, explains how millions of grains of sand can methodically be added to a seemingly stable sand pile until a “point of criticality” is reached. At that point, adding only one more grain of sand will trigger an avalanche. Professor Bak's theory has been used to help understand such diverse things as traffic flow and the trading of stocks. It is equally applicable to the delegitimizing impact any one non-voter can have on a political regime.
It is within the realm of possibility that some day the illegitimacy of the government of the United States might reach the point of criticality. What would happen if impassioned non-voters used the many methods of modern communications to express their ideas and dissatisfaction to others? At first thought it might seem preposterous to seriously consider that government in the United States could become delegitimized. It isn't. As sociologist Sebastian Scheerer has observed: “[T]here has never been a major social transformation in the history of humankind that ha[s] not been looked upon as unrealistic, idiotic, or utopian by the large majority of experts even a few years before the unthinkable became reality.” 10
For a variety of reasons which the French author, Jacques Ellul, outlined in their book, The Political Illusion, non-voters choose to dispel the myth that the voters control the political process. 11Instead of debasing themselves and dignifying the elections that have no positive impact on their lives, over a hundred million Americans regularly choose to distance themselves from the voting process and the political regime legitimized by it. They do so by selecting the option of not voting. The non-voters are right, and they are winning every election held in America.
VACATE THE VOTE
Endnotes:
1 It should be noted that the Confederate States successfully seceded, and that each state had to reapply for admission to the United States. The States were occupied by federal troops in order to coerce them into complying with these conditions. If the use of coercion to obtain their “consent” was illegal and immoral (as it would be in obtaining a signature on an ordinary contract), then what does this say about the status of these states today?
2 See Albert O. Hirschman, Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and States, Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1970.
3 See “Remarks on the Psychological Aspects of Totalitarianism,” in Bruno Bettelheim, Surviving and Other Essays, New York: Vintage Books, 1980, pp.317-332.
4 Carl Watner, editor of the anthology of non-voting, Dissenting Electorate, first suggested this concept to me.
5 See “Homage to Daniel Shays,” in Gore Vidal, Homage to Daniel Shays: Collected Essays 1952-1972, New York: Random House, 1972, pp.434-449.
6 See Herbert C. Kelman and V. Lee Hamilton, Crimes of Obedience: Toward a Social Psychology of Authority and Responsibility, New Haven: Yale University Press, 1999, p.116.
7 Vladimir Bulovsky, To Build a Castle — My Life as a Dissenter, New York: The Viking Press, 1977, p.240.
8 See Kenneth Boulding, “The Impact of the Draft on the Legitimacy of the National State,” in Sol Tax (ed.), The Draft, Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1967, pp.191-196. Also see Joseph A Tainter, The Collapse of Complex Societies, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1997 (reprint edition).
9 Per Bak, How Nature Works: The Science of Self-Organized Criticality, New York: Springer-Verlag, 1996.
10 Sebastian Scheerer, “Towards Abolitionism,” in Contemporary Crises, Vol. 10, p.7; quoted in Thomas Mathiesen, Prison on Trial: A Critical Assessment, Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications, 1990, p.156.
With the introduction of Spectator Mode we're doubling down on our support of the already burgeoning community tournament scene by sponsoring a pair of tournaments being run by Legion and Imperial. Learn more about how to get involved, and how to watch all the action.
Rumble in the Realm
The Rumble in the Realm is a special pair of double-elimination tournaments for North America and Europe, being run by Imperial (NA) and Legion (EU). We're helping sponsor both community tournaments, and broadcasting their semifinals and Grand Finals for each region on our official Twitch channel and through the in-game Blade & Soul TV.
Be sure to follow Imperial and Legion on all the things, and visit their websites for ongoing updates and information.
Imperial
Legion
Key Dates
Mark these on your calendar!
October 13: Registration signups end
October 14: 2pm PDT: Bracket seeds announced
October 15: EU Qualifiers @ twitch.tv/legionbns
October 16: NA Qualifiers @ twitch.tv/impbns
October 21: Semifinals & Grand Finals live @ twitch.tv/bladeandsoul Europe: 10am PDT/5pm UTC North America: 4pm PDT/11pm UTC
How to Participate
The tournaments are being run and managed by Imperial and Legion, and they've posted their own tournament participation handbook for participants to read. Please take note of the eligibility and gameplay requirements before signing up as participation may be restricted.
Signups are only open for a few days, so if you want to participate be sure to get your name in the hat as soon as possible.
North America – Sign Up Here
Europe – Sign Up Here
While NCSOFT is sponsoring the event and providing streaming support of the finals, please be aware that any tournament participation questions or issues will need to be addressed with Imperial and/or Legion directly, as we have no involvement in the actual tournament management or organization.
Thank you to everyone that signs up, and our special thanks to everyone at Legion and Imperial—and the countless participants and contributors—for their longstanding support of the competitive Blade & Soul Arena scene, and ongoing community tournament administration. Thank you!
In the U.S. about 12,500 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer a year. Out of these women, about 4,500 progress into invasive cervical cancer or the end stage of the disease. This leaves about 8,000 women a year in the U.S. that are cured through existing standard of care treatment: surgery or chemotherapy/radiation. However, chemotherapy/radiation have terrible side effects in some cases and can greatly affect the body's immune response to future illness.
Worldwide there are about 527,000 new diagnoses of cervical cancer annually. And outside the U.S., cervical cancer is considered an epidemic.
Current vaccines prevent infection by two (out of 15) oncogenic high-risk HPV (human papilloma virus) strains—the sexually transmitted infection that causes cervical cancer—but have no effect on the millions that are already infected.
The problem with any cancer is that the body sees the cancer as part of itself, and is no longer attacking it as cancer or a foreign invader. For example, a woman with invasive cervical cancer—tumors don't reduce after treatment—gets a cut on their hand that becomes infected. Would their immune system be able to fight off the infection?
For many, the answer might seem like a no, as one's immune response would be impaired while undergoing extensive treatment for cancer like chemotherapy/radiation. But really their immune system is capable of an immune response to that bacterial infection.
How? The answer is simple: a disruptive immunotherapy approach that tricks the immune system into thinking that cancer is a bacterial infection.
This is done by using genetically altered bacteria that can be infused into dendritic cells of the immune system, which are sentinels in our bodies that are looking for, what Daniel O'Connor, CEO, Advaxis, Princeton, N.J., calls foreign invaders. Once the bacteria enter the dendritic cells, they cause the body's immune system to no longer look at the cancer itself as something that is protected, but instead looks at it as something that should be destroyed.
There are currently a few forms of immunotherapy approved by the FDA. A current well-known form is called a check point inhibitor. Check point inhibitors are much like traveling down a major highway that has multiple toll booths, those toll booths would represent where immune response stops. As you travel down this highway, or the drug travels in a person's system, the immune response will stop at certain check points to ward off disease. Bristol-Myers Squibb, New York, N.Y., has developed a disruptive immunotherapy check point inhibitor call Yervoy, or CTLA4, for the particular check point it inhibits. Overall there are a total of five distinct check points that could be inhibited.
Dendreon, Seattle, Wash., has also developed an immunotherapy for cancer. Their immunotherapy works where they remove a patient's dendritic cells from their or their body to manipulate those cells in a CGMP environment and then re-introduce those cells back into a patient.
However, Advaxis has developed a technology that goes well beyond check point inhibitors or other immunotherapies on the market. By incorporating the technology of existing immunotherapies, Advaxis' ADXS-HPV immunotherapy overcomes immunosuppression at the site of the tumor.
Developed at the Univ. of Pennsylvania by a scientist who is also a breast cancer survivor, Advaxis has taken the immunotherapy technology and added to its effectiveness. The technology takes a gram-positive bacteria and genetically alters it in two predominate ways. One: it's administered intravenously into a patient and has no pathology associated with it that ungenetically inhibited bacteria normally would exhibit. And two: The genetically altered bacteria gains access to the dendritic cells in a patient, where it will secrete a fusion protein—a piece of the bacterium—that is fused to an antigen of interest.
Since administered intravenously, the genetically altered bacteria gain access to dendritic cells inside the body, differing Advaxis' immunotherapy from Dendreon's . And once it gets inside those dendritic cells, the normal bacteria, if not genetically altered, would start to multiply inside the dendritic cell. “Because we genetically alter our bacteria, it doesn't do that,” says O'Connor. “Instead, what it does is gets inside the dendritic cell and starts to secrete a piece of the bacteria which is highly immunogenic, meaning it has the ability to create a very strong immune response.” What the company has done with the genetic engineering is fused the highly immunogenic portion of the bacteria, which is secreted inside the dendritic cell by the bacteria itself, to a specific cancer antigen; their most developed product candidate is for HPV.
Advaxis' product also overcomes immunosuppression at the site of the tumor. By harnessing an immune response, the body no longer looks at the tumor as something that needs protection, through the suppression of killer T-cells. However, the body views the immunotherapy as a bacterial infection, allowing those killer T-cells that have been made to the bacteria, as well at the antigen, to overcome that suppression of the tumor to go and do its job, attack.
“There are four elements to effective immunotherapy,” says O'Connor. “The first three are what current marketed products do: gain access to the dendritic cell, causing a profound immune response and then overcoming check point inhibitor. The fourth element, which is what Advaxis does, is the ability to overcome immunosuppression at the site of the tumor. We are not aware of any others in the market or in development other than our own.”
Overall, the company has completed two clinical trials with the immunotherapy platform. The first, conducted with product candidate ADXS-HPV, was a study conducted in India with 110 women who had advanced cervical cancer. The women were pre-treated with chemotherapy/radiation and surgery, or both, and their disease progressed, or their tumors continued. In that patient population Advaxis saw with one dose of their immunotherapy, that six women had a complete response (tumors were 100% eliminated), six women had a partial response (tumors were significantly reduced) and 35 showed cases of disease stabilization, an encouraging proof of survival.
The second study was conducted at the Univ. of Pennsylvania by a vet (Dr. Mason) who specializes in canine cancers, especially canine bone cancer (osteosarcoma). Over two years ago, Dr. Mason asked Advaxis to use product candidate ADXS-cHER2, a product candidate made to treat breast cancer, in a study that enrolled 13 dogs with highly aggressive canine osteosarcoma. Although made to treat breast cancer, the immunotherapy could also work to heal canine osteosarcoma as both cancers express the same cancer antigen, HER2. The dogs were randomized to receive three doses of ADXS-cHER2 three weeks apart. The Phase 1 data in canine osteosarcoma shows encouraging survival in companion dogs treated with ADXS-cHER2 versus those untreated. The dogs that received the immunotherapy are living significantly longer. “This study also shows that our immunotherapy is not just a single product candidate,” says O'Connor.
The future of the technology lies in first gaining approval of the immunotherapy platform directed toward the cancer antigen HPV. In the U.S. Advaxis hopes to demonstrate its ability in a registration setting to increase survival in women with advanced cervical cancer. From there, the company hopes to expand the use of ADXS-HPV to HPV-associated head and neck cancer. The company has already gained an orphan indication for the FDA with respect to HPV-associated head and neck cancer.
Outside of the U.S., where cervical cancer is considered an epidemic, Advaxis hopes to license its candidate to market-dominant companies and places in the world where there is a high prevalence of HPV-associated disease. Advaxis has already licensed exclusively to Biocon, one of the world's top biopharmaceutical companies, to develop and commercialize ADXS-HPV in India and other key approaching markets.
In 2014 Advaxis will also begin Phase I trials in breast and prostate cancer.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
March 17, 2015, 2:30 AM GMT / Source: NBC News By Keith Wagstaff
Phone numbers. Directions. That guy who plays the main character in "Gremlins." These are the kind of things people look up on their phones.
But is that making us lazier? Are we mental couch potatoes outsourcing all our thinking to our devices?
It's too early to tell, but a new study from the University of Waterloo in Canada says that there is connection between reliance on smartphones and not thinking deeply about how to solve problems.
"There are problems that we can't Google for answers," Gordon Pennycook, co-author of the study and doctoral candidate in psychology at Waterloo, told NBC News.
"The problem with relying on the Internet too much is that you can't know you have the correct answer unless you think about it in an analytical or logical way."
To be clear, the study doesn't say that smartphones cause people to become lazy thinkers. The results simply indicate that people who are "intuitive thinkers" — meaning they act on instinct instead of analyzing problems — tend to rely on their phones more often.
According to Pennycook, highly intelligent people tend to analyze and work out problems logically, often second-guessing themselves. They and study co-author Nathaniel Barr gave 660 subjects a test. Those who rated as less intelligent reported looking up information on their smartphones more often.
The pair stressed that their study was only a first step. They wanted to get that correlation out there, they said, so that more research could be done on how smartphones affect the brain.
Eric Kandel, winner of the Nobel prize and neuropsychiatrist at Columbia University, thinks it's too early to know whether relying on a smartphone affects critical thinking skills.
They told NBC News that it "probably facilitates multi-tasking and broadens the knowledge that is available to us," but that it could "compromise our long-term memory storage and ability to retain information over the long term."
"We need empirical evidence to validate or falsify these impressions," they said.
Smartphones are so ubiquitous now it's hard to believe that the iPhone has been around for less than a decade. The World Wide Web is only 25 years old.
"If we become overly reliant on external sources of information rather than learning anything ourselves or thinking critically, it might be damaging," Barr told NBC News. "But because smartphones are so new, we simply don't know yet."
In 2009, Stanford researcher Clifford Nass found that heavy multitaskers (i.e. people who reported often doing things like emailing, surfing the Web and watching TV at the same time) were less able to focus on a single task. Ironically, they were also worse at switching tasks successfully, meaning multitasking made them worse at multitasking.
Nass died in 2013, but their research lived on. It has been cited by many as a sign that constantly being plugged in and distracted might not be a great thing.
One of those people is Nicholas Carr, who has written several books about how the Internet is changing the way we think. Their most recent release is "The Glass Cage: Automation and Us."
"What we have created with smartphones is an environment of constant distraction and interruption," Carr told NBC News.
"It's only when we are attentive, when we can focus on an argument or train of thought, that we tap into the deepest forms of thought," they said. " Conceptual thinking, critical thinking — those just don't happen if you're constantly distracted."
The problem is that we evolved to constantly crave new information, they said, which would have been useful in assessing threats and finding food back in the caveman days. Our brain rewards new discoveries with dopamine. Now, with Yelp and Facebook and Google, we can continuously satisfy this primal craving, they said.
Is that an entirely bad thing? Smartphones make life a lot more convenient and could benefit the brain in ways we have not studied yet. It might be that certain types of Internet usage make us smarter and other types do the opposite. As a society, Pennycook said, we need to ask, "What areas do we need to preserve our internal thinking instead of outsourcing it?"
On an individual level, there is a reason why adults are going to retreats where smartphones and laptops are banned, and are downloading apps that cut off the Internet.
"There are some people, maybe because they might not have a deep thought anyway, who think this doesn't matter," Carr said. "Personally, I think there is something lost in being distracted all of the time."
Keith Wagstaff writes about technology for NBC News. They previously covered technology for TIME's Techland and wrote about politics as a staff writer at TheWeek.com. You can follow them on Twitter at @kwagstaff and reach them by email at: Keith.Wagstaff@nbcuni.com
This article was originally published Mar. 15, 2015 at 9:39 a.m. ET.
Women Demand The Right To Rape, Pillage and Destroy
Written by Nightstorm
When you talk with other men about your relationship problems concerning women, do you ever notice how easy it is? The guys seem to get it right away, without explanation. You can talk about the law and how men get finacially raped in an unjust court system, how the "family court" legally takes their children away and puts them through hell just to get a single visit, and how sometimes men get no access at all. The men you are talking to will nod sagely and breathe deeply as if to steady themselves against the possibility of the same happening to them.
Women on the other hand? Not a chance. They'll sit there wailing the refrain "where have all the good men gone?!" You think to yourself, "I will explain the situation to women and that will help them understand where their 'good men' have gone", but soon find out how it falls on deaf ears.
As a man, you deal with facts and also draw on your own personal experiences with women. You explain to the "ladies" that what many men have experienced is neither fair nor just. You explain that men should have every right to see their own children. You explain to them that since women are now claiming equality and independence from men they should pay their own way. You demonstrate how men are being finacially destroyed through alimony and child support and that that some can barely afford to live. You caution them that some men have even ended up homeless or in jail due to a corrupt system made to extract wealth from them at any cost. No matter how you explain though, it all falls on deaf ears. You have made your point. You have spoken clearly and precisely. You have used facts, numbers, and stastics, but the response is always the same:
"Not all women are like that!"
What?! What kind of answer is that?! Did you not hear me?! I said men are being DESTROYED. This is why I'm avoiding marriage. This is why I'm avoiding having children. This is why i'm avoiding YOU! What do you mean "not all women are like that"?! You glance their way and they are focussing on their fingernails, wondering if they are too long. Have they even been paying attention? You leave the conversation frustrated and unheard.
A quick search of the Internet will turn of thousands of forums were women are complaining about men. Their complaints are usually that men don't want to pay for dates, they aren't very chilvarious, and they are really jerks and losers who can't get laid for the life of them. The men simply aren't living up to these women's expectations! Once they are done complaining about what they are not receiving from men, many discuss what they believe are the root cause for men avoiding them in increasing numbers.They don't speak of feminism and its attack on the family. They don't speak of fathers getting the boot from their homes or restraining orders taken out against them, their houses taken from them or false sexual abuse and domestic violence claims. They don't mention the fact that women can point their finger at a man and strip them of their wealth, their kids, and their freedom. No. Instead you'll hear about how schools aren't teaching boys to be men or some other silly pabulum.
These women can see the gravy train coming to an end, but will never address the root cause: feminism and a corrupt legal system that targets men. They are only concerned with a lack of "real men" simply because without them there will be no more free ride through life. Yet, no matter how many times you explain to them that feminism is incompatible with their desire for a "real man" they will pretend your words do not exist. The reason? Women want the right to rape, pillage, and destroy.
Women are very self-centered creatures by nature and above all else, seek security. Men are made to face the elements and have done so for tens of thousands of years. Men value freedom. Women on the other hand, have been coddled and sheltered, and as a result become utterly selfish. This trait is a useful way to protect their offspring - crucial when the world was primitive and brutal. It has the potential to be detrimental to civilization however, and once you add in a princess entitlement complex with narcissistic personality disorder, you have a silent killer on your hands - something capable of sending a society back to the stone age if left unchecked.
Modern woman will therefore happily use the tyranny of government and the law to freely rape, pillage, and destroy any man of their choosing. You will hear almost no voice coming from women to repeal such laws whilst they continue to benefit them. It is through these means that men are not hurt (and listen to me closely when I say this), but DESTROYED. Some get out alive, others opt out by way of a bullet to the head...
For this very reason, men - out of necessity and for their own protection - are now avoiding women like a bad habit. When a man puts themselves in a position of vulnerability - that is, some form of relationship with a woman - unlike her, they must always be ready to dodge the invisible sword hanging above their head. The only way they can stop it from falling is by somehow convincng them not to pull the trigger because he's worth more to them alive. That's a pessimistic view of relationships, but if laws that favour women and disadvantage men continue to advance as they have, it will soon be the case for every relationship.
So while women play dumb and pretend that they don't hear us, they are speaking quite loudly in one voice to those who are listening. They are screaming from the hilltops, that they deserve and are entitled to the right to destroy any man they so desire at any given time, for any reason, whether just or unjust simply because they can.
This is not a game. Men are losing their children, their wealth, and even their lives. Yet women are destroying their own futures and their children's futures as they stupidly, playfully, act the victim in the whole affair by lamenting the derth of "real men" in their lives.
------------------------------------------------------------------
"Conan! What is best in life?"
"To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women." -- Conan, Conan The Barbarian
Comment on this article
Return to Niceguy's Land of the Losers Page
Foo Fighters may be on a break and have no major announced projects planned for 2016, but that doesn't mean the group is headed for a split.
On Monday, the New York Post‘s Page Six reported there's “tension” between band members Dave Grohl and Taylor Hawkins, citing an unnamed source, who claims Grohl is ramping up a solo career after performing at the Oscars on Sunday. “The band is billing it as a ‘break,' but it's totally Dave going solo and Taylor is pissed about it,” the Post‘s source said.
While a rep for the Foo Fighters declined comment to EW about Grohl's plans for 2016, the rep says any reports about the band breaking up are “utterly ridiculous.”
The band has also said in recent interviews that they have no plans of calling it quits. When EW spoke to Grohl last summer, they were adamant that the Foos would always be together. “The band is more than a musical group,” they said. “It's a family and it's become a way of life with us. We love each other. When the Foo Fighters show up to the airport and there's four SUVs waiting to drive us away, we all get in one SUV, still, to this day. It's how we f—ing roll…We're not breaking up anytime soon, that would be like your grandparents getting a divorce. Too weird.”
Hawkins, meanwhile, told Billboard in February that the Foos have “nothing on the books” for this year and that they plan to focus on their cover band, Chevy Metal. “I just figure it's better to stay busy,” they say. “None of us can sit around doing nothing.”
The Foo Fighters wrapped up a 20th anniversary world tour last year; last fall, they surprise released the Saint Cecilia EP. In a letter accompanying the release, Grohl explained the group would be taking some downtime.
“Maybe these songs are the bread crumbs that will help us find our way back when it's time,” they wrote. “We could use a nice wander through the woods right about now. Another empty journal, another tap on the shoulder … those things are never far behind. It's what lies ahead in those woods that excites me now…. So tonight, as I sit in my Berlin hotel room on our final tour for this album, counting down the days until we return home, I can't help but wonder when we will see each other again. Who knows? But, with everything Foo Fighter-related, it will only be when it feels right. And that's a feeling that's easy to feel.”
Social scientists have long claimed that “natural” disasters are not natural in their social consequences. Instead, the distribution of damage exposes previously existing social fissures in any community. In this forum, Stephen Jackson argues that “the scale of a disaster's impact has much less to do with, say, an earthquake's Richter force or a hurricane's category strength than with the political economy of the country or region that it strikes” (Jackson 2005). In this respect, it is not surprising that New Orleans' poorest citizens suffered the most in the aftermath of the hurricane. It is important to explore however, the ways in which the specific social position of this population affected its treatment.
In the days after the hurricane when the city began to flood, tens of thousands of mostly poor black New Orleanians found themselves without food, water, or shelter, and were forced to depend on local and federal authorities to provide their basic needs. When authorities failed to provide these, New Orleanians were admonished for their positions to varying extents. On television, commentators wondered why these people did not just leave when they were told. On the pages of national newspapers, headlines announced “The Looting Instinct,” 1 “Thugs Rein of Terror,” 2 and the like. For the first days after the hurricane, news outlets focused on what we now know to be greatly exaggerated individual acts of crime and violence (Dwyer and Drew 2005). This illustrates a feature of the American media more generally. During the 1990's, nationwide news coverage of homicide more than quadrupled while homicide rates declined by 33%. In the entertainment industry, television characters on prime time are murdered approximately eleven times as often as real people in the United States (Becket and Sanson 2004). Reality TV-shows such as “Cops” and “Law and Order,” and the violent film industry similarly inflate the prevalence of violent crime in the United States.
Two examples best illustrate how New Orleanians were criminalized in the media. First, immediately after Katrina hit New Orleans, Yahoo and other central websites began publishing dozens and then hundreds of pictures of people struggling in the devastated city. A Yahoo viewer noticed a relationship between two photographs and posted them together on a separate page. This pair of photos then began circling the internet. The first photo showed a young African-American man carrying a case of soda and a bag through chest-deep water. The caption stated that they had just been “looting a grocery store.” The second picture presented a white couple also carrying food through the waters, and stated that they were spotted “after finding bread and soda from a local grocery store” (Ralli 2005). This juxtaposition was one of the first potent symbols of the different treatment of black and white New Orleanians by the media.
Also during these first days, the New Orleans Police Superintendent Eddie Compass appeared on CNN, which had been running coverage of the hurricane without interruption.3 John Walsh, host of “America's Most Wanted,” appeared with the Chief to help capture and punish those who broke the law in New Orleans. They pledged that those who raped, looted, and shot at police officers should be pursued, and that they would personally “put them on ‘America's Most Wanted' and hunt them down.” In addition to demonizing the criminals who “terrorized” the city as it flooded, Chief Compass then spoke at length about the almost 30% (an estimated 500 out of 1700) of the police force that did not stay in New Orleans as it flooded. They referred to them four times as “the cowards who walked away,” and praised those that stayed to fight the criminals in the streets. In one broadcast, Compass painted the police, the looters, and the shooters as the bad guys, all worthy of our antipathy. Both they and Walsh repeatedly emphasized their disgust with the lack of individual responsibility in these cowards and criminals. Neither mentioned nor explored the conditions that might cause a person to loot a grocery store or shelve their professional responsibilities in favor of personal responsibilities.4
By the end of the first week, the emphasis on such individual acts of deviance began to be challenged, however cautiously. Some media began to look into accusations of classism and racism on the part of local and federal officials. One of the most compelling reports came from two white paramedics from San Francisco who were among those trapped in the city after the hurricane.5 White, middle age, and middle class, the two recounted in disbelief their experience of trying to escape the city with a group of mostly black New Orleanians. First, they described witnessing the beginning of the looting of New Orleans stores:
Let's discuss what went wrong, shall we?
Didn't the other world leaders get the memo? The tiny, one-paragraph-in-a-communiqué memo? Climate change was not to be discussed at this G20. That really blew up in Australia's face didn't it?
Embarrassingly, Australia wasn't visited by a bunch of collegial caveshits who have wet dreams about French-kissing a burning fossil, but was instead swarmed by world leaders determined, at any opportunity, to mention climate change. It just dragged on and on: Australia's international humiliation. It was utterly painful. Couldn't they have got it over and done with quickly? Rip off the bandaid?
Imagine: Obama, Merkel, Cameron, and Jinping could have stepped off the plane, found Abbott gagged and tied to a pillar, and then ceremoniously encircled him, shouting “Climate change climate change climate change” for 5 minutes. That done, they could have just gotten back to rubbing money on one another's groins in true G20 fashion, while George Brandis cheered from the sidelines (presumably in a series of racial slurs).
Tried to watch the Abbott #G20 speech but my eyes shriveled up and exploded in embarrassment. — Alison Croggon (@alisoncroggon) November 15, 2014
But they didn't opt for that idea I just had. Instead what unfolded was the snail-paced mortification of an entire nation, as country after country did the common sense thing and acknowledged the biggest issue that's ever faced humanity, while Abbott was sewing together coal cuddly toys and wearing a chimney costume, or something. The blows came from all directions.
David Cameron – who has a face specifically designed for the purpose of supporting rampant capitalism – surprisingly stuck up for the environment, getting all passive-aggressive on Australia by saying that action needs to come from “Countries that have so far done the least”. As in “Australia, take the carbon crack pipe out of your soot hole and sort your shit out.”
France also raised the stakes over the weekend, with president Francois Hollande saying that inaction on climate change “could lead to catastrophe, if not war”. Now, no-one has run the figures on this yet, but I imagine the one thing that's better for humanity than coal is not-war. Not-war is really, really good for humanity. I mean, I'm sure coal's brilliant – it certainly did a lot for the pocket money of infant chimney sweeps in Dickensian England – but however fucking heroin-awesome coal is, I assure you that not-war is at least seven times better than that.
Tone handing out free coal to poor people. Presumably in sacks. In December. #G20Brisbane — Tim Norton (@norton_tim) November 16, 2014
The biggest blows came from the US. Obama arrived in Australia fresh from a deal struck with China on reducing and capping emissions. The only thing that could have sucked the wind out of Abbott's dreams for an environment-free G20 more would have been Mother Nature themselves landing in Australia on a giant Sky Dolphin before shitting moss into a coal mine. Worse still, Obama followed up the deal saying nations need to “look squarely at the science” on climate change. A bit awkward, as most of the “science” on climate change in Australia is currently queueing at Centrelink, or being refuted on national television by Andrew Bolt with some “evidence” that they found on an Etch-A-Sketch.
Abbott's week of foreign policy triumph: shirked the shirtfront, got blindsided by Obama and got humiliated by the G20 on climate change. — Bernard Keane (@BernardKeane) November 16, 2014
By this point Australia's international reputation was in a worse state than Joe Pesci at the end of the film, Casino. And then, with Australia half-dead (spoiler alert) and lying in a shallow grave of fossil fuel worship, while sporting the bludgeoned Y-Fronts of science denial (this still totally tracks with Casino by the way), Canada came along and started shovelling dirt on Australia's face (second spoiler alert: “Australia” gets buried alive at the end of Casino).
Canada, one of Abbott's few allies, has just announced that it's considering contributing to the Green Climate Fund, along with the US ($US3bn), Japan ($US1.5bn), and Germany ($US1bn), meaning Australia's environmental failure at the G20 is now complete: not only are we not doing anything at all, but we can't even be bothered to throw some guilt coins at the countries we'll be affecting with our unconscionable laziness.
Abbott justified Australia's lack of contribution to the Fund by pointing at our Direct Action plan – a policy designed by throwing a lump of coal at some scrabble letters – and the “green bank” he's currently trying to destroy. I hope no homeless person ever encounters Tony Abbott: he'd probably fart in their upturned hat before violently throwing their own money down a drain.
All in all, it's been an utter disaster and an embarrassment. But could it ever have been anything less when we deliberately tried to set the bar so morally low? One paragraph in a communiqué to deal with the largest issue of our times? You might as well try to cure AIDS with an emoticon.
Abbott doesn't see it that way though. Closing the G20, the Prime Minister pointed to the economic benefits of the conference, to the growth it will lead to. A mad man, standing in front of a towering inferno, refusing to call the fire brigade as they proudly announce their intention to build an extra floor.
Kissing? Eh. Babies? Yes.
The Denver Nuggets scored some extra points last week when they swapped out the typical “Kiss Cam” -- which pressures audience members to smooch on camera -- with a “Lion King Cam” instead.
As an adorable 10-second video shows, it got a roar of approval.
YouTube A baby is seen being lifted up like Simba from Disney's "Lion King" movie during a Denver Nuggets basketball game.
With the Jumbotron's cameras rolling, babies were seen being held up in the audience like the little "Lion King" cub as Elton John's “Circle of Life” played in the background.
At least three babies had a turn in the spotlight while remaking the famous movie scene.
The Nuggets weren't the first team to take a page from Disney's 1994 classic, however.
The Atlanta Braves have their own version, called the “Simba Cam.” That game, which is the same baby-lifting concept, was reportedly inspired by former shortstop Andrelton Simmons, who goes by the nickname “Simba."
So this far we've put a lot of effort into the visuals of ‘Little Nightmares', and we're really happy with the outcome. However, a friend is coming over this weekend to test the game just to give us some feedback (since we barely get any from online sources), and we therefor need to put a few days of focus on the mechanics and functionality of our game. It's a lot of fun, and somewhat tricky. I mean, have you tried figuring out what a schizophrenic kid should have to do in order to be able to unlock a door, or progress to the next area? It's hard! BUT, we're getting there, and I have to say that it looks neat.
Thank you for reading! We'll post another update this weekend, and maybe even a small gameplay/reaction video of our friend trying not to cry.
Also, check us out on Twitter! https://twitter.com/RoboEdDevs
A five-year-old girl was rushed to B.C. Children's Hospital with serious injuries and remains in a medically induced coma after being struck by a falling tree while outside with their class on the school grounds of Highlands elementary Monday.
The girl was in serious but stable condition Tuesday afternoon after suffering head injuries and internal injuries after being hit by the tree.
article continues below
Counsellors were at the elementary school Tuesday morning to speak with the girl's classmates and with teachers and staff.
“Everyone is concerned,” said Victoria Miles, spokesperson for the North Vancouver School District. “They understand it's a serious accident.”
The accident happened just before the end of the school day, between 2:30 and 3 p.m. Monday afternoon. Children in the class were outside with their teacher taking part in an activity near the north border of the school grounds, when there was a loud cracking sound from a neighbouring property, said Cpl. Richard De Jong, spokesperson for the North Vancouver RCMP.
“The teacher observed the tree falling and told the kids to run,” they said. The girl was hit by part of the tree that broke off and crashed down on to the schoolyard.
Emergency crews were on the scene very quickly, and the girl was rushed to hospital.
Miles said a letter went home to parents yesterday explaining what had happened and the school principal met with staff Tuesday morning. Counselling has been provided to any students or staff who need it, they added.
According to arborists, the tree that hit the little girl was a hemlock, approximately 18 metres (60 feet) tall and 60 centimetres (two feet) in diameter at the base, said Miles.
The tree, which was growing about four metres (14 feet) away from the edge of the school grounds on a private property, broke near the base. The part of the tree that hit the girl was about 25 centimetres (10 inches) wide.
Miles didn't have any information about how old the tree was, or whether it was rotten, but said it hadn't been previously identified as a hazard.
“There are trees bordering many of our properties,” they said.
Miles said once the arborist's report is complete, it will go to the board of trustees who will consider any recommendations.
“We don't have a program of surveying trees that are not on our property, but at the same time we have a responsibility to student safety,” they said. “Right now there are more questions than answers.”
I have written about those who identify themselves as “intersectionalists” but who embrace a very speciesist position. I have also written about a recent conference on “intersectional justice.” The following essay is from Dr. Mark Causey, Lecturer in Philosophy and Liberal Studies at Georgia College and State University. Dr. Causey attended the “intersectional justice” conference. I have never met Dr. Causey and I do not know them other than in connection with theirs reaching out to tell me about this conference. They wrote the following essay, which I am posting in its entirety exactly as they sent it to me. They made no changes in response to any observations I made.
**********
I recently attended the Intersectional Justice Conference on Whidbey Island in Washington State. Based on the way the conference billed itself as dealing with the intersections of animal rights, human rights and justice issues, I naively assumed that it would deal with the intersections of animal rights, human rights, and justice issues. I soon learned the danger of making assumptions. The main focus of the conference seemed to be voicing the anger and rage that many of the speakers felt at their being marginalized within the animal rights (or “animal whites”) community. The Abolitionist Approach, which oddly enough doesn't even consider itself part of the mainstream “animal rights” community in the first place, came in repeatedly for explicit and pointed criticism [well, criticism is not really the correct term because that would imply a substantive engagement with ideas which was not so much on offer here]. As far as I could gather there were at least 3 main complaints about the Abolitionist Approach:
1. Veganism as a moral baseline is too simplistic and assumes (white) privilege
2. Calling it “abolitionist” appropriates the lived history of the African-American experience and seems to assume that since legal slavery has ended that there are no lingering issues of systemic racism
3. Abolitionist veganism focuses too much on nonhumans!
I will attempt to address each of these in turn now.
1. Veganism as a moral baseline is too simplistic and assumes (white) privilege:
Indeed, it would seem from what I gathered that having any sort of universal or at least potentially universalizable moral principle, like veganism as a moral baseline, is a sign of patriarchal, white male privilege that takes its viewpoint as the universal and thus erases the perspectives of differently situated others [the truth of a proposition being determined more by whom the speaker is than by what it is they say]. Telling someone to “go vegan” implies that they have money and access to vegan options. It is consumerist. The whole notion of “voting with our forks” implies buying power and privilege to vote. One speaker, I honestly don't remember which one, was thanked, to much applause, for not asking us to all “go vegan.”
Now I certainly see the point that not everyone has equal access to fresh, wholesome fruits and vegetables [not to mention all the analog vegan products that so many falsely assume necessary for a vegan diet] based on where they live and their socio-economic circumstances. I also know that statistically the majority of those so disadvantaged are people of color. I absolutely agree that this is a fundamental human justice (food justice) issue that must be addressed and that vegans should be at the forefront of such efforts. As we were reminded, and I fully agree, that unlike natural deserts, “food deserts” don't just happen. They are constructed by systems of discrimination both racial and economic. Now that is an intersectional issue. Enabling disadvantaged peoples to be able to go vegan would save animals' lives as well as the lives of these humans who also disproportionately suffer from diet related diseases. But as Gary Francione has repeatedly explained, the necessity for some to eat animal products in order to be adequately nourished doesn't mean that it is just to consume animals, it only means it is justifiable given the circumstances—unjust circumstances we should be working hard to change! It is possible, as Ellen Jaffe Jones has demonstrated, to eat vegan on $4 a day (the amount of the average SNAP allotment). We even learned at the conference about some amazing work being done in inner-city Baltimore to introduce people to vegan diets, so why not ask people to go vegan and then help them do it rather than ridicule the very notion? Eating a vegan diet [and I by no means want to imply that veganism is only about diet] in these circumstances then becomes a powerful means of non-violent social protest against a food system that is admittedly rigged against these communities. Indeed, the conference seemed at times an odd combination of people with solutions and people with complaints with the two never seeming to connect.
As to the notion that having any sort of universal or at least potentially universalizable moral principle, like veganism as a moral baseline, is a sign of patriarchal, white male privilege that takes its viewpoint as the universal and thus erases the perspectives of differently situated others—this is simple moral relativism. Now here's the thing: I am a philosopher who has actually published on Nietzsche, one of the chief proponents of what they called “perspectivalism” and a darling of the critical theory crowd. Nietzsche was one of the chief practitioners of what Paul Ricoeur called the “hermeneutics of suspicion” which sees power dynamics and hegemony behind all claims to “truth” and even “morality.” But what I see in this criticism of veganism as a moral baseline is a speciesist power play that maintains our human hegemony over nonhuman others. It is a claim that whenever human rights interests conflict with nonhuman animal rights interests, the human interests always win. Nietzsche to one side, the very notion that we shouldn't have moral absolutes is counterproductive to any justice struggle. The very fact that these speakers are complaining about the very real injustices they have experienced as non-dominant group members demonstrates that they have a universalizable concept of justice—it's just that they apply it unevenly across the species-divide. I do not doubt for a moment that they care about animal justice nor wish to suggest that they are in any way insincere. Many of them have been vegan longer than I have and have done far more justice work than I have or perhaps ever will do. I am only suggesting that speciesist attitudes have created inconsistencies in their own positions. If animals matter at all morally, that is if they are members of the moral community as we all agree that they are, then our treatment of them is just as much a justice matter as our treatment of each other. We should never be doing things to them that we would consider unjust when done to another human.
2. Calling it “abolitionist” appropriates the lived history of the African-American experience and seems to assume that since legal slavery has ended that there are no lingering issues of systemic racism:
I was told at the conference that the term “abolition” implies that slavery and the racist attitudes that made it possible are simply a thing of the past. Done and dusted. Time to move on to liberate someone else now. Such an attitude ignores the persistence of slavery (albeit not legalized slavery, like that of the Immokalee tomato pickers) and the systemic racism. Despite the Abolitionist Approach's 5th principle which clearly rejects all forms of human discrimination, including racism, sexism, heterosexism, ageism, ableism, and classism, I was told that it is not enough to just say it. A fair point. I was told that veganism is not like some badge to be earned but something you have to do every day. It is more like a verb than a noun. Amen. So what are we arguing about?
The thing is, and someone please correct me if I am wrong, I have never seen where Gary Francione [who was called out by name in the conference] has ever denied that racism, sexism, heterosexism….. still exist and are still active justice issues. They explicitly state that, “We cannot say that we reject species as a morally objectionable criterion to discount or devalue the interests of nonhumans but that we do not have a position on whether race, sex, or sexual orientation/preference are morally objectionable criteria when used to discount or devalue human interests. Our opposition to speciesism requires that we oppose all discrimination.” Comparing human slavery and abolition to animal slavery and abolition, I am told, is to try to compare suffering. African-Americans were “animalized” and denied their proper recognition as full human beings, so to then compare their suffering to animal suffering simply repeats this dehumanization. But the intent here is not to compare suffering. We can't. The intent is to highlight the systems of domination operative in both cases [here we all can agree on blaming the white males who set up this system and still profit from it]. Indeed, I would argue that speciesism is the original form of domination. That is why every subjugated group in the past, women, people of color, members of nondominant religions, and so on have always been “animalized” in the minds and depictions of the oppressors. Our domination of animals back at the beginning of domestication led to the domination of other humans as well (especially the appropriation of female bodies and reproductive capabilities). All humans still profit in various ways (but not all equally) from our continued domination of the nonhumans. I suspect the real complaint here is related to number 3 below: that abolitionist vegans spend too much time focused on nonhuman animals rather than human ones.
3. Abolitionist veganism focuses too much on nonhumans!
I suspect that much of what is behind this complaint is the notion that until we have solved all the human problems, the animals will just have to wait. Needless to say, that is hardly an intersectional approach. The idea seems to be that human justice simply matters more. That is speciesist. In terms of sheer quantity of suffering [oops, I was told not to use this comparison!]—trillions a year—animal suffering is on a scale that simply defies comprehension. This is not to compare the quality of the suffering, it is just a fact that humans have never been bred , slaughtered, imprisoned, enslaved, etc., on anywhere near the scale that we are currently doing to nonhumans. What I expected to hear at the conference was how attacking our speciesist exploitation of nonhuman animals would be actually striking at the root of all forms of oppression. That is what I thought would be the intersectional message here. Instead, the message seemed to be more a complaint that animal activists weren't more engaged in the various struggles for human justice. But that seems to reinforce the idea that these are separate struggles rather than truly intersectional ones and that the human issues are more important and pressing than the animal ones. It also ignores the important differences between the abolitionist approach and other “animal rights” groups that explicitly reject the vegan moral baseline.
Mark Causey, M. Div., Ph.D.
Lecturer
Philosophy and Liberal Studies
Georgia College & State University
CATAWBA COUNTY, N.C. – The Catawba County Sheriff's Office, Catawba County Fire Marshal's Office, FBI, and ATF are investigating after hateful messages were found behind a church that went up in flames early Monday morning.
Multiple fire agencies responded to the Providence Baptist Church on the 7600 block of Providence Church Road in Vale just before 2 a.m. Monday morning. Catawba County officials said in total, around seven or eight fire departments responded.
Catawba County officials say the fire has been ruled an arson.
When investigators walked behind the back of the church, they found multiple messages spray painted in red. The spray paint read, "Anti-gay hate group."
"The whole property is going to be a crime scene until we can determine what happened," said Cooksville Volunteer Fire Department Chief, Bain Weinrich.
According to fire officials, the multi-alarm fire was an active interior fire that began in the basement and spread.
“It's just complete ruin down the hallway,” said Pastor Ernie Richards, who told NBC Charlotte the church's Sunday school classrooms downstairs suffered the most damage, but that the fire was so bad, even the sanctuary on the main level suffered bad smoke damage.
More than a dozen church members stopped by the church Monday morning after hearing what had happened. Many embraced each other and said they felt blessed no one was hurt, but many expressed their disbelief, saying they're an inclusive church.
“Were a church that's centered around love and compassion and the sincerity of the Christian faith. We don't have extreme attitudes about different things,” said Pastor Richards, adding that, “whatever has been done, has been against people that love and care and have a sincerity for serving God and others.”
Members believe whoever did this may have mixed them up with Providence Road Baptist Church in nearby Maiden, N.C., which is listed on the Southern Poverty Law Center's so-called hate map.
In 2012, Providence Road's pastor was recorded saying “put all the lesbians in there. Fly over and drop some and build a great, big, large fans, 150-mile long, and put all the lesbians in there. Fly over and drop some food.”
They also said this about gay men: “Do the same thing with the queers and homosexuals and have that fence electrified said I cant get out. Feed them. And you know what, in a few years they'd die out because they can't reproduce.”
Pastor Richards of Providence Baptist says people have been getting the two churches confused ever since. Still, Richards doesn't hold hate for whoever spray-painted or potentially started the fire.
“I'd be glad to sit down and talk with ‘em (sic) or pray with ‘em (sic), whatever. There's no hatred from me even with what you see has been done to our church family here,” said Richards.
The church is hosting a special prayer service Monday evening at 6 p.m. They will also be hosting a barbecue dinner. Richards said the public is welcomed to attend.
No injuries were reported.
The fire chief also told NBC Charlotte many firefighters attended Providence Baptist Church.
Copyright 2017 WCNC
When I opened the package I wasn't sure what to think of these socks. Blues, greys and black - and for walking? Not really what I was expecting. The letter in the parcel told me I would probably think this, but to try them and see their true potential as the greatest socks ever made.
Initially I forgot about them until last Sunday when my husband insisted we go out for a walk to break in our new walking boots. I remembered about these walking socks and decided to give them a whirl.
Well, now I am converted. These unassuming looking socks are a-maz-ing.
They stayed put while we walked for miles and I came home with NO blisters! My feet were warm the whole time and even the lack of seam made them really comfortable to wear.
I am going to the Lake District in the summer and will be spending a lot of time walking (hence the new boots) so I believe my santa must be psychic - knowing these would be perfect!
Thank you again santa, I am now converted to the ways of these socks and will be tracking some down for my husband!
x x x
Download the CBS Sports App today and get the latest scores, standings and schedules from the most popular soccer leagues around the world!
MLS and U.S. men's national team legend Landon Donovan is calling it quits, again. According to Yahoo! Sports, Donovan is retiring from professional soccer.
“I'm done. No more playing for me,” Donovan said.
The 35-year-old, the leading scorer in USMNT and MLS history, first retired in December of 2014 after winning the MLS Cup for the sixth time. They came out of retirement late last year with the Los Angeles Galaxy and scored one goal.
Now out of a contract, Donovan plans to spend more time with their family instead of pursuing other playing opportunities.
The Ontario, California native played for European clubs Bayer Leverkusen, Bayern Munich and Everton during their long and successful career, while also playing for the San Jose Earthquakes and the Galaxy in MLS.
Their 57 goals for the USMNT are most all time. They haven't been called up to the national team since 2014, which was the same year as the last World Cup, where they were surprisingly left off the roster by then manager Jurgen Klinsmann.
Housing prices have surged all across the city and one real estate website has compiled a list of the top 50 priciest neighborhoods in the first quarter of 2017.
PropertyShark used residential property sales closed between Jan. 1 and March 31 and the properties include single-family homes, condos and co-ops. Though Queens doesn't make an appearance until the 28th slot, eight neighborhoods in the borough are on the list.
The Hunters Point section of Long Island City saw a 10 percent increase in median sale prices since the same time last year. The median sale price for single-family homes, condos and co-ops in Hunters Point is $973,956.
Broadway – Flushing is 32nd on the list with a 21 percent increase in median sale price since last year. In the first quarter of 2017, a home in this area will cost you about $940,000.
Queensboro Hill, also known as Pomonok, saw a 30 percent jump in median sale price since last year and a home there will cost you approximately $922,500.
Outlined by 45th Avenue, Pidgeon Meadow Road and 162nd Street, the area known as Kissena Park is 38th on the list but did see a 4 percent decrease in median sale price. Today, the median price for a home in that neighborhood is $853,000.
Right behind Kissena Park, the Ditmars – Steinway section of Astoria experienced a 13 percent spike since last year, with the median sale price hoovering around $832,500.
In Aburndale, a neighborhood within Bayside, the median sale price for a home is $802,500, which represents a 15 percent increase since last year.
Fresh Meadows and Belle Harbor, a neighborhood within the Rockaways, were 45th and 46th on the list, respectively.
In Fresh Meadows, a home will set you back $785,000, a 7 percent increase since last year. In Belle Harbor, a 3 percent increase translates to a median sale price of $770,000.
For a full list of the priciest neighborhoods, visit PropertyShark.
The WGA and Hollywood's major studios have ended contract negotiations for a week while the guild conducts its strike authorization vote. The sides have agreed to resume talks on April 25, the day after the guild concludes the voting to authorize a work stoppage.
The decision will leave negotiators just four business days to hammer out an agreement before the May 1 expiration of the current contract.
The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers put a new offer on the table last Thursday, after four days of talks. The new deal was said to include proposals addressing one of the WGA's key concerns, the compensation structure for lower-rung writers working on short order series. A source close to the situation described the offer as a small improvement from the WGA's perspective but cautioned that the sides are still far apart on other points and there are still disagreements on the short-order series compensation formula.
Another source said there was little progress during the meeting on Monday. There was some frustration on the AMPTP side as executives believe their WGA counterparts were not prepared to fully engage in negotiations until after the strike authorization vote.
Related Writers Guild Tells Agents: 'We Continue to Be Prepared to Meet' Talent Agents Threaten to Pull Out of Writers Guild Negotiations
At the same time, the guild is said to have stopped short of rejecting the AMPTP offer outright, but is pushing to bring script fees for basic cable and streaming up to parity with broadcast and for higher employer contributions to its health plan, which is in danger of running out of money.
The AMPTP's stance in the WGA negotiations is influenced by the fact that it has contract talks with SAG-AFTRA around the corner against a June 30 contract expiration deadline. Any major financial gains secured by the WGA would be demanded by the performers' union, not to mention the DGA in the next round of bargaining.
The DGA concluded its master contract negotiations in December in a deal that was expected to set the template for talks with the WGA and SAG-AFTRA. The WGA has pressed hard on several writer-specific issues that aren't a factor for directors guild, complicating the negotiations for the studios.
The guild's strike authorization vote will begin on Wednesday and conclude April 24. The conflicts at the bargaining table this time around are the closest that the industry has come to a broad-based strike threat in a decade, since the last WGA work stoppage that ran Nov. 5, 2007 to Feb. 12, 2008.
The WGA and AMPTP have been operating in a news blackout while negotiations are ongoing. The WGA is hosting membership meetings in Los Angeles and New York on Tuesday and Wednesday evening to discuss the state of contract negotiations and rally scribes behind the strike authorization vote. The WGA and major studios began the negotiations on March 13 with nearly two weeks of bargaining.
The sides resumed talks on April 10, after the WGA initiated the strike authorization vote. The WGA rejected the first offer made by the studios on March 23, saying it was inadequate to address the economic pressures that writers face amid the massive shifts in the entertainment business, particularly in television.
Last week multiple sources reported that the sides had made some headway on one key issue involving the way writers are paid when working on so-called short order series (running less than 22 episodes per season) with long production timetables.
The guild is pushing for higher compensation on shows where the work schedule for scribes runs more than two weeks per episode — a growing problem for writers on cable and streaming series. The so-called span issue was the subject of much discussion in the negotiating room last week week, sources said.
The AMPTP's new proposal is believed to basically accept the WGA's proposed formula for boosting writer income on short-order shows but would limit those gains to the lower-rung writers on a show, and would exclude writers working under overall deals and highly paid showrunners and exec producers. It's not clear if that targeting is structured by job classification or salary level.
The TV compensation issues are a direct result of the massive growth in series production and the evolution of the business from long-established norms of what constituted a TV season. The TV components of the WGA's 600-page Minimum Basic Agreement are largely rooted in an industry defined by the traditional September-May, 22-episode season, but those shows are no longer the norm in TV.
The big problem with the compensation structure for low- and mid-level writers working on short-order shows running anywhere from 6 to 13 episodes is that they can wind up working more weeks for less money than they would earn on a traditional 22-episode order. At present, WGA scale for writers paid per episode is designed to cover two weeks' worth of work.
But most writers above the executive story editor level earn higher than scale episodic fees that are negotiated through their talent reps. With series production timetables that frequently run longer than two weeks per episode, fees are stretched out to ensure that a writer is at least earning scale in accordance with the guild contract. That has the effect of lowering an experienced writer's effective rate when it comes time to negotiate their or their next deal.
The WGA proposal calls for studios to pay writers the weekly equivalent of their negotiated episodic fee for each week that the writer is engaged beyond the standard two weeks per episode. Extended work terms has become a concern as more producers and showrunners seek longer periods of writing prep time before lensing begins. The proposal also seeks to set specific 12-month parameters around what constitutes a TV season, or the “span” in WGA parlance.
The AMPTP offer is also said to pro-rate the fees for extra weeks on a sliding scale depending on the number of weeks guaranteed for a writer at the outset of employment. The guild is said to be pushing for higher fees across the board.
The WGA and AMPTP declined to comment.
The WGA told members about the break in talks in a message sent Monday night that urged writers to participate in the strike authorization vote.
“In the meantime, we ask for your support in the Strike Authorization Vote, which will give us the leverage we need to speak for a strong and unified Guild when we return to the table,” WGA negotiating committee co-chairs Chip Johannessen, Chris Keyser and Billy Ray wrote.
I decided to start writing in-depth posts for the devlog instead of doing tweets because I can add explanations to things. Also, the last devlog was about what I had done before, but from now on, I'll be writing about what I'm doing now.
Clean up and Panels
When I first started working on the Exploding Editor, it was just a personal tool, and I wanted it to get it working fast, so the code was not the best it could be. After I decided to release this to the public, I decided to go back and clean things up to save myself time and headaches in the future. While doing that, I also decided to make a major design change to the editor. Compare the two images below:
Here's how the editor used to look.
Here's how it looks now. The biggest change is the panels, but there is also space for a toolbar at the top, and it's now possible to add a toolbar to any panel.
If you're interested in the programming details, each panel is now in its own dependency injection subcontainer. I follow the facade pattern, so each panel is a facade and other classes have no access to the panel's internals.
You may also notice in the current image that the textfields are a darker color. I wrote a simple styling system that I can apply to elements. That way, if I decide to change something, I only have to do it in one place. If you do things the regular way in Unity and use prefabs, getting everything to match style can be a real pain, so this is a nice simple solution.
public interface TextInputFieldStyle { Color backgroundColor {get;} Color textColor {get;} Color selectionColor {get;} } public static void applyStyle(this TMP_InputField target, TextInputFieldStyle style) { target.selectionColor = style.selectionColor; target.textComponent.color = style.textColor; target.targetGraphic.color = style.backgroundColor; } textField.applyStyle(style); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 public interface TextInputFieldStyle { Color backgroundColor { get ; } Color textColor { get ; } Color selectionColor { get ; } } public static void applyStyle ( this TMP_InputField target , TextInputFieldStyle style ) { target . selectionColor = style . selectionColor ; target . textComponent . color = style . textColor ; target . targetGraphic . color = style . backgroundColor ; } textField . applyStyle ( style ) ;
Here's the gist of how it works.
Color Picker
People will need to change colors of things in the editor, so I needed to have some kind of color picker tool. There are several solutions on the asset store, but there's no way to try them out or see their code without buying them.
Instead I found a free one and then built my own while using it as a reference when I ran into trouble. It's not completely done, but here's how it looks.
Another reason I didn't want to use any of the asset store solutions is that none of them use TextMesh Pro, the superior text solution in Unity. Exploding Editor supports retina displays, so it will be especially noticable if any text is low resolution.
The color picker doesn't generate textures for the color box or the hue slider. They are implemented with shaders so they're fast and use little memory.
Reactive Programming Example
The color picker UI is a great example of the benefits of reactive programming. I think in general not enough people use it, so I thought I'd show how using it can save you a lot of time and make your code lean and clean. The following code is in the ColorSliderView class which is used for each of the RGBA sliders shown in the animation.
public IObservable<ColorSliderView> valueChanged => slider .OnValueChangedAsObservable() .Select(x => (byte)x) .Merge(valueInputField.onValueChangedAsObservable() .Where(_ => valueInputField.isFocused) .Select(x => x.safelyParsedByte())) .Do(x => _value = x) .Select(_ => this); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 public IObservable < ColorSliderView > valueChanged = > slider . OnValueChangedAsObservable ( ) . Select ( x = > ( byte ) x ) . Merge ( valueInputField . onValueChangedAsObservable ( ) . Where ( _ = > valueInputField . isFocused ) . Select ( x = > x . safelyParsedByte ( ) ) ) . Do ( x = > _value = x ) . Select ( _ = > this ) ;
Take a look at this code. It's generating an IObservable to let observers know when something changes. It automatically combines changes from both the slider and the textfield, and it stores that value before sending the event. It also limits the event for the textfield to make sure it only sends it when the textfield has focus. This is to prevent a stack overflow.
sliders .Select(x => x.valueChanged) .CombineLatest() .Subscribe(_ => picker.color = new Color32(sliders[0].value, sliders[1].value, sliders[2].value, sliders[3].value)); 1 2 3 4 5 sliders . Select ( x = > x . valueChanged ) . CombineLatest ( ) . Subscribe ( _ = > picker . color = new Color32 ( sliders [ 0 ] . value , sliders [ 1 ] . value , sliders [ 2 ] . value , sliders [ 3 ] . value ) ) ;
And here's where the IObservables are subscribed to. Whenever any of the sliders change their value, the function in Subscribe is invoked, and the color picker's color is updated with the new values.
What's Next?
There's a little bit of work left to finish the color picker, and then I have to finish transitioning the rest of the editor to the panel system. I mainly just have the sprites panel and the panels related to tilemapping remaining.
The blockchain has now reached a portly 8GB in size. For those who don't know, the blockchain is the ledger of all bitcoin transactions, which contains the cryptographic proof-of-work of all transactions. All full bitcoin clients must download this file in order to be a bitcoin node on the network.
The obvious question is where will this end? However, if you're just using the bitcoin client to look after your wallet, there's no need to run the official bitcoin app which downloads the full blockchain. If you're just an end user, check out Electrum or Multibit as light bitcoin clients. Alternatively, you can use blockchain.info to read the blockchain in a browser.
It's likely that miners who have their rigs set up to be nodes are also on fast Internet connections, and so downloading this file will not be a serious problem, even if it increases in size several more times. However, home users who are not mining should think twice about avoiding the long download by using a light client as mentioned above.
The historical size of the blockchain can be seen on Blockchain Charts. Over the past two months, the growth has been approximately linear. However, expanding the chart to ‘All time' reveals that the growth has actually been exponential. That growth rate raises questions of how quickly the blockchain will grow in size as bitcoin enjoys greater adoption.
HERNANDO TÉLLEZ
(b. 1908)
Born and educated in Bogotá, Téllez entered very early the world of journalism with which they are primarily identified having been on the staff of some of Colombia's most popular newspapers and magazines. It was not until 1950 with the publication of their short-story collection Cenizas al viento, that their name became more widely known. Their tragicomic tales evidence the keen and extremely sensitive observer of contemporary life and more particularly of the anguishing reality of their native country.
Just Lather, That's All
Translated by Donald A. Yates
They said nothing when they entered. I was passing the best of my razors back and forth on a strop. When I recognized them I started to tremble. But they didn't notice. Hoping to conceal my emotion, I continued sharpening the razor. I tested it on the meat of my thumb, and then held it up to the light. At that moment be taken off the bullet-studded belt that their gun holster dangled from. They hung it up on a wall hook and placed their military cap over it. Then be turned to me, loosening the knot of their tie, and said, "It's hot as bell. Give me a shave." They sat in the chair.
I estimated be bad a four-day beard. The four days taken up by the latest expedition in search of our troops. Their face seemed reddened, burned by the sun. Carefully, I began to prepare the soap. I cut off a few slices, dropped them into the cup, mixed in a bit of warm water, and began to stir with the brush. Immediately the foam began to rise. "The other boys in the group should have this much beard, too." I continued stirring the lather.
"But we did all right, you know. We got the main ones. We brought back some dead, and we've got some others still alive. But pretty soon they'll all be dead."
"How many did you catch?" I asked.
"Fourteen. We had to go pretty deep into the woods to find them. But we'll get even. Not one of them comes out of this alive, not one."
They leaned back on the chair when they saw me with the lather-covered brush in my hand. I still had to put the sheet on him. No doubt about it, I was upset. I took a sheet out of a drawer and knotted it around my customer's neck. They wouldn't stop talking. They probably thought I was in sympathy with their party.
"The town must have learned a lesson from what we did the other day," they said.
"Yes," I replied, securing the knot at the base of their dark, sweaty neck.
"That was a fine show, eh?"
"Very good," I answered, turning back for the brush. The man closed their eyes with a gesture of fatigue and sat waiting for the cool caress of the soap. I had never had them so close to me. The day they ordered the whole town to file into the patio of the school to see the four rebels hanging there, I came face to face with them for an instant. But the sight of the mutilated bodies kept me from noticing the face of the man who had directed it all, the face I was now about to take into my hands. It was not an unpleasant face, certainly. And the beard, which made them seem a bit older than they are, didn't suit them badly at all. Their name was Torres. Captain Torres. A man of imagination, because who else would have thought of hanging the naked rebels and then holding target practice on certain parts of their bodies? I began to apply the first layer of soap. With their eyes closed, be continued. "Without any effort I could go straight to sleep," they said, "but there's plenty to do this afternoon." I stopped the lathering and asked with a feigned lack of interest: "A firing squad?" "Something like that, but a little slower." I got on with the job of lathering their beard. My bands started trembling again. The man could not possibly realize it, and this was in my favor. But I would have preferred that they hadn't come. It was likely that many of our faction had seen them enter. And an enemy under one's roof imposes certain conditions. I would be obliged to shave that beard like any other one, carefully, gently, like that of any customer, taking pains to see that no single pore emitted a drop of blood. Being careful to see that the little tufts of hair did not lead the blade astray. Seeing that their skin ended up clean, soft, and healthy, so that passing the back of my hand over it I couldn't feel a hair. Yes, I was secretly a rebel, but I was also a conscientious barber, and proud of the preciseness of my profession. And this four-days' growth of beard was a fitting challenge.
I took the razor, opened up the two protective arms, exposed the blade and began the job, from one of the sideburns downward. The razor responded beautifully. Their beard was inflexible and hard, not too long, but thick. Bit by bit the skin emerged. The razor rasped along, making its customary sound as fluffs of lather mixed with bits of hair gathered along the blade. I paused a moment to clean it, then took up the strop again to sharpen the razor, because I'm a barber who does things properly. The man, who had kept their eyes closed, opened them now, removed one of their hands from under the sheet, felt the spot on their face where the soap had been cleared off, and said, "Come to the school today at six o'clock." "The same thing as the other day?" I asked horrified. "It could be better," they replied. "What do you plan to do?" "I don't know yet. But we'll amuse ourselves." Once more they leaned back and closed their eyes. I approached them with the razor poised. "Do you plan to punish them all?" I ventured timidly. "All." The soap was drying on their face. I had to hurry. In the mirror I looked toward the street. It was the same as ever: the grocery store with two or three customers in it. Then I glanced at the clock: two-twenty in the afternoon. The razor continued on its downward stroke. Now from the other sideburn down. A thick, blue beard. They should have let it grow like some poets or priests do. It would suit them well. A lot of people wouldn't recognize him. Much to their benefit, I thought, as I attempted to cover the neck area smoothly. There, for sure, the razor had to be handled masterfully, since the hair, although softer, grew into little swirls. A curly beard. One of the tiny pores could be opened up and issue forth its pearl of blood. A good barber such as I pride themselves on never allowing this to happen to a client. And this was a first-class client. How many of us had they ordered shot? How many of us had they ordered mutilated? It was better not to think about it. Torres did not know that I was their enemy. They did not know it nor did the rest. It was a secret shared by very few, precisely so that I could inform the revolutionaries of what Torres was doing in the town and of what they were planning each time they undertook a rebel-hunting excursion. So it was going to be very difficult to explain that I had them right in my hands and let them go peacefully -alive and shaved.
The beard was now almost completely gone. They seemed younger, less burdened by years than when they had arrived. I suppose this always happens with men who visit barber shops. Under the stroke of my razor Torres was being rejuvenated-rejuvenated because I am a good barber, the best in the town, if I may say so. A little more lather here, under their chin, on their Adam's apple, on this big vein. How hot it is getting! Torres must be sweating as much as I. But they are not afraid.  They are a calm man, who is not even thinking about what they are going to do with the prisoners this afternoon. On the other hand I, with this razor in my hands, stroking and re-stroking this skin, trying to keep blood from oozing from these pores, can't even think clearly. Damn them for coming, because I'm a revolutionary and not a murderer. And how easy it would be to kill him. And they deserve it. Does be? No! What the devil! No one deserves to have someone else make the sacrifice of becoming a murderer. What do you gain by it? Nothing. Others come along and still others, and the first ones kill the second ones and they the next ones and it goes on like this until everything is a sea of blood. I could cut this throat just so, zip! zip! I wouldn't give them time to complain and since they have their eyes closed they wouldn't see the glistening knife blade or my glistening eyes. But I'm trembling like a real murderer. Out of their neck a gush of blood would spout onto the sheet, on the chair, on my hands, on the floor. I would have to close the door. And the blood would keep inching along the floor, warm, ineradicable, uncontainable, until it reached the street, like a little scarlet stream. I'm sure that one solid stroke, one deep incision, would prevent any pain. They wouldn't suffer. But what would I do with the body? Where would I hide it? I would have to flee, leaving all I have behind, and take refuge far away, far, far away. But they would follow until they found me. "Captain Torres' murderer. They slit their throat while they were shaving them a coward." And then on the other side. "The avenger of us all. A name to remember. (And here they would mention my name.) They were the town barber. No one knew they were defending our cause."
And what of all this? Murderer or hero? My destiny depends on the edge of this blade. I can turn my hand a bit more, press a little harder on the razor, and sink it in. The skin would give way like silk, like rubber, like the strop. There is nothing more tender than human skin and the blood is always there, ready to pour forth. A blade like this doesn't fail. It is my best. But I don't want to be a murderer, no sir. You came to me for a shave. And I perform my work honorably. . . . I don't want blood on my hands. Just lather, that's all. You are an executioner and I am only a barber. Each person has their own place in the scheme of things. That's right. Their own place.
Now their chin bad been stroked clean and smooth. The man sat up and looked into the mirror. They rubbed their hands over their skin and felt it fresh, like new.
"Thanks," they said. They went to the hanger for their belt, pistol and cap. I must have been very pale; my shirt felt soaked. Torres finished adjusting the buckle, straightened their pistol in the holster and after automatically smoothing down their hair, they put on the cap. From their pants pocket be took out several coins to pay me for my services. And they began to bead toward the door. In the doorway they paused for a moment, and turning to me they said:
"They told me that you'd kill me. I came to find out. But killing isn't easy. You can take my word for it." And they headed on down the street.
[TOP / CABECERA]
[HOME]
First 30 levels are quite fun and a story which gives the player enough motivation to keep going. The problem lies in the endgame where the game is very unbalanced, loot is hard to get, and exploits are taking over the pvp. It's a mess. Multiple glitches include missions not starting, players falling through the ground, many of the perks do the exact opposite thing they are designed to do, some exploits allow for talent stacking which effectively hurts pvp. Aside from the terrible bugs and exploits the game is very unbalanced in the way it rewards loot. All the loot is rpg based that skews negatively toward the player. Getting a high gear score item is very rare, now getting a high gear score item with decent stats is ridiculously low, and finally getting a high gear score item with decent stats and perks you actually want will take you longer than the heat death of the universe.
I want to like this game, but I shouldn't have to wait weeks and weeks for these gamebreaking problems to be fixed when they should have been addressed before release.
Avoid this game at all costs until you can find this game in the bargain bin for $7 and even then make sure Massive(the developers) have fixed the bugs, exploits, and huge replayability issues with the game.
by
Photo by Daniel Huizinga | CC BY 2.0
It is impossible to imagine the damage Trump and their white nationalists, economic fundamentalists, and white supremacists friends will do to civil liberties, the social contract, the planet, and life itself in the next few years. Rather than address climate change, the threat of nuclear war, galloping inequality, the elimination of public goods, Trump and their vicious acolytes have accelerated the threats faced by these growing dangers. Moreover, the authoritarian steam roller just keeps bulldozing through every social protection and policy put in place, however insufficient, in the last few years in order to benefit the poor, vulnerable, and the environment.
A neo-fascist politics of emotional brutality, militant bigotry, and social abandonment has reached new heights in the United States. Think about the Republican Party call to eliminate essential health benefits such as mental health coverage, guaranteed health insurance for people with pre-existing conditions, and the elimination of Meals on Wheels program that benefit the poor and elderly.
As the Trump regime continues to hollow out the welfare state, it builds on Obama's efforts to expand the surveillance state but with a new and deadly twist. This is particularly clear given the Congressional Republicans' decision to advance a bill that would overturn privacy protections for Internet users, allow corporations to monitor, sell, and use everything that users put on the Internet, including their browsing history, app usage and financial and medical information. This is the Orwellian side of Trump's administration, which not only makes it easier for the surveillance state to access information, but also sells out the American public to corporate demagogues who view everything in terms of markets and the accumulation of capital.
On the other side of the authoritarian coin is the merging of the punishing society and permanent warfare state with a culture of fear and cruelty. Under these circumstances, everyone is viewed as either a potential terrorist or narcissistic consumer making it easier for the Trump machine to elevate the use of force to the most venerable national ideal while opening up lucrative markets for defence and security industries and the growing private prison behemoth.
At the level of everyday life, the merging of corporate and political brutalism into a war culture were on full display in the savage beating of a United Airlines passenger who refused to give up their seat because the airlines overbooked. Couple this with the Star War spectacle of the United States dropping a 21,600 pound non-nuclear bomb on the Achin district in Afghanistan, which has a population of around 95,000 people. Nobody on the plane came to the aid of the passenger as they were being assaulted and dragged from their seat as if they were a dangerous criminal suggesting that brutality, fear, and powerlessness have become normalized in America.
Moreover, the relative silence of the American public in the face its government dropping the Mother of All Bombs in Afghanistan and unloading endless weapons of death and destruction in Syria testify to the amnesiac state of the country and the moral coma which has settled like a dense fog on so many of its inhabitants. As historical memory is erased, public spheres and cultural spaces are saturated with violence and the endless spectacles of civic illiteracy. Pedagogies of repression now enable the suffering produced by those most vulnerable, who disappear amidst the endless trivialization produced by the mainstream media, which anxiously awaits for Trump's next tweet in order to increase their ratings and fuel the bottom line.
The government propaganda machine has turned into a comic version of a failed Reality TV series. Witness the daily spectacle produced by the hapless Sean Spicer. Spicer dreams about and longs for the trappings of Orwell's dystopia in which they would be able to use their position as a second rate Joseph Goebbels to produce, legitimate, and dictate lies rather than be in the uncomfortable scenario, in which they now find himself, of having to defend endlessly Trump's fabrications. For Spicer, the dream of the safety of Orwell's dystopia has given way to the nightmare of them being reduced to the leading character in the Gong Show. Actually, maybe they are the confused frontman for our stand-in-president who increasingly resembles the psychopath on steroids, Patrick Bateman, from the film, American Psycho–truly a symbol for our times. Ignorance is a terrible wound, when it is the result of systemic constraints or self-inflicted, but it is a pathology and plague when it is wilful–the active refusal to know- and translates into power. Trump and their mostly incompetent and ignorant government appointees are not just stupid and offensive in their ideological smugness, they are a threat to the very act of thinking and its crucial connection to memory, justice and truth.
Neo-fascist policies and practices now feed a war culture and demand more than a political and moral outrage. At the very least, it must be recognized that neo-fascism must be restored as Paul Gilroy has argued “to its proper place in the discussions of the moral and political limits of what is acceptable.”[1] This would suggest making visible not only the elements of neo-fascism that animate the new policies and political formations being produced in the Trump administration, but also unveiling how power is reproduced through those architects, managers, and intellectuals and institutions for hire that legitimate this distinctively American neoliberal-military machine.
The supine response of the mainstream press and the general public to ongoing acts of state and corporate violence is a flagrant and horrifying indication of the extent to which the United States government has merged the corporate state with the military state to create a regime of brutality, sadism, aggression, and cruelty. State sovereignty has been replaced by corporate sovereignty. All the while, militarized ignorance expands a culture awash in public stupidity and views critical thought as both a liability and a threat making it all the more difficult to recognises how authoritarianism appears in new forms.
The established political parties and politicians are nothing more than crude lobbyists and shock troops for the financial elite who believe everything is for sale. The boundaries of humanity are now inscribed and defined exclusively through the metrics of the twin logic of commercial transactions and the politics of disposability. The horrors unfolding under the Trump administration are not only abetted by white supremacists, religious evangelicals, but also by liberals who still believe that capitalism and democracy are synonymous, and who appear to delight and rush to support any military intervention or act of aggression the United States wages against a foreign power. Liberals are affronted over alleged charges of Russian spying but say nothing about their own country which does far more than spy on other countries it disagrees with, it overthrows them through either illegal means or military force.
Trump's Brand of Authoritarianism is a combination of the savagery of neoliberalism and civic illiteracy on steroids. This legacy of neo-Fascism represents more than a crisis of civic literacy and courage, it is a crisis of civic culture, if not politics itself. As civic culture wanes, a market based ideology increases its grip on the American public. This militant ideology of sadism and cruelty is all too familiar and is marked by unbridled individualism, a disdain for the welfare state, the elevation of unchecked self-interest to an organizing principle of society, the glorification of militarism, and a systemic erosion of any viable notion of citizenship.
This ideology has produced over the last forty years an agency killing form of depoliticization that paved the way for the election of Donald Trump and an updated version of American authoritarianism. This homegrown and new edition of neo-fascism cannot be abstracted from the cultural spectacles that now dominate American society and extend from the trivializing influence of celebrity culture and the militarism of video game culture to the spectacles of violence that dominate Hollywood and the mainstream media. The new technologies increasingly lock people into orbits of isolation and privatization while the wholesale deformation of the formative cultures and public spheres that make a democracy possible disappear at a terrifying pace.
Neo-fascism feeds on the spectacle, a misplaced populism, and a “mood economy” that reduces all problems to matters of self-blame and defective character. Under such circumstances, the militarization of society expands more readily to reaches deeply into everyday life producing militarized subjects, exalting military-style discipline, criminalizing an increasing range of social behaviors, transforming local police into paramilitarized soldiers, and normalizing war and violence. Rather than viewing war and militarization as a source of alarm, they become sources of national pride. The curse of the theatrical performance so endemic to fascism has been updated with the Internet and new digital technologies and allows the legacies of fascism to live on in a distinctively American modality.
The war culture must be stopped and hopefully more and more efforts will be made in the name of collective struggle to think anew what an effective form of resistance might look like. But, no viable form of collective struggle will succeed if it fails to link resistance efforts among the local, state, federal, and international spheres. Global capitalism cannot be challenged successfully at any of these levels alone, especially if such resistance is not connected to a comprehensive understanding of the reach of global power.
Clearly, resistance to this impending and ongoing reality of neo-fascism is more urgent than ever and necessitates challenging not only the commanding structures of economic power but also those powerful cultural apparatus that trade in the currency of ideas. We need a formative culture that empowers and brings together the most vulnerable along with those who inhabit single issues movement. The power of such a broad-based movement could draw inspiration from the historically relevant anti-war and civil rights movements of the sixties along with social movements such as Podemos in Spain, which offer the possibility of creating new political formations that are anti-fascist and fiercely determined to both challenge authoritarian regimes such as the Trump regime and dismantle the very economic, ideological, and cultural structures that produce them. Maybe then, an old tactic such as the general strike can be implemented to paralyze the working of this death-dealing machine.
Those who believe in a radical democracy have got to find a way to make this regime ungovernable. Planting seeds and local actions are important, but there is a more urgent need to educate and mobilize through a comprehensive vision and politics that is capable of generating massive teach ins all over the United States so as to enable a collective struggle aimed at producing powerful events such as a nation-wide boycott, sit ins, and a general strike in order to bring the country to a halt. The promise of such resistance must be rooted in the creation of a new political party of democratic socialists, one whose power is rooted in the organization of unions, educators, workers, young people, religious groups, and others who constitute a popular progressive base. There will be no resistance without a vision of a new society and new mechanisms of resistance. In this instance, resistance registers as a form of total paralysis for the financial elite, religious fundamentalists, and neo-conservative warmongers. In doing so, it gives birth to what we might term a politics of ungovernability.
America now chokes on its claim to innocence. Up until now, it has been successful in both evading that fact and covering up its lies—lies about its history, about social mobility, about freedom, about justice, about the end of racism, about spreading democracy abroad, and so it goes. The era of hiding behind this mythical innocence has passed. In the age of Trump, the raw brutality of casino capitalism, with its highly visible acts violence against all aspects of ethical and political decency, is enacted without apology. A moral political coma now drives an authoritarian society that embraces greed, racism, hatred, inequality, stupidity, disposability, and lawlessness, all of which are celebrated as national virtues. The dark present is now the endpoint of a history of violence and barbarism that can no longer be camouflaged, in part, because it is unapologetic about the viciousness of its practices and the savagery of its effects. I want to hope that this moment of unmitigated violence, this period of punitiveness, and era of unimaginable cruelty will provoke people to wake up from the nightmare that has befallen the American public. Hopefully, in that wakefulness, in a resurgent act of witnessing, moral outrage will grow and provide the basis for a new kind of politics, a fierce wind of resistance, and a struggle too powerful to lose.
Notes.
TRANSFER TRACKER STATUS: Report
Although nothing has been made official, reports continue to circulate that Orlando City SC have a deal in place to acquire young Paraguayan attacker Josue Colman, in part to help fill the void left by retiring Brazilian star Kaká.
The latest from Tigosports.com, relayed by the Orlando Sentinel, says the 19-year-old Colman has signed a five-year, $3 million contract for the Lions, with Colman themselves weighing in on the deal on local Paraguayan radio.
“I'm very happy to be joining Orlando City. It's a big step for my career," Colman said of the move, according to the Sentinel.
Late last month, Paraguayan newspaper ABC Color reported that Orlando had paid a $2.8 million transfer fee for the player.
The teenager comes from Paraguayan power Cerro Porteño, the same club that developed Atlanta United star Miguel Almiron. Colman helped the club capture the title in the 2017 Clausura and was a piece in the club's run to the semifinals of Copa Sudamericana in 2016.
Colman could feature in an attacking midfield role for head coach Jason Kreis or on the right wing.
An Election PR Firm, Leave.EU, and Russia: disruptive forces aim their weapons at global influence
Andy Wigmore, one of Leave.EU's frontmen (alongside Arron Banks and Nigel Farage) doesn't speak to me any more.
A former diplomat for Belize, they are pictured above with Nigel Farage outside the Eisenhower Building just before they went to meet US Vice President Mike Pence, according to Wigmore's Instagram.
The last time Wigmore and I had a chat on Twitter was prior to the publication of my recent book, Alternative War, and the conversation led to some clarification around the shady DUP deal, tied in with Farage's relationship with Mississippi governor Phil Bryant, explained Leave.EU's election operations in Lesotho, and left open questions their expanding data operations – including Big Data Dolphins (based in Bristol and Mississippi).
Despite the fact Wigmore doesn't talk to me, I still get tagged in conversations and, as ever, this invariably ended up with me taking yet more information back to the Electoral Commission.
Back on the 21st of April 2017, the Electoral Commission (EC), the independent body which oversees elections and regulates political finance in the UK, released a statement confirming they had “begun an investigation into Leave.EU's EU Referendum spending return.”
This inquiry relates to Leave.EU employing the services of Cambridge Analytica, the controversial data firm employed by the Trump campaign and subsequently linked to Russia election interference in the UK and US through the much larger investigation in the book Alternative War.
By May 2017, following the start of investigations at Byline Media and previous work elsewhere, including the Guardian, the ICO had also launched a formal, significant inquiry into Leave.EU and Cambridge Analytica.
Only yesterday (25th of September), however, Andy Wigmore had taken to Twitter and, by what they said, you'd assume the investigations were finished and a clean bill of health had been granted to Leave.EU, kicking every conclusion to the contrary into the long grass.
Wigmore wrote: “That's not illegal - paid them no money so broke no rules as the @ElectoralCommUK will happily confirm.”
I called the Electoral Commission to have this confirmed, but the response wasn't quite the one Wigmore indicated I would get.
A spokesperson for the Electoral Commission, having consulted senior colleagues, confirmed: “The investigation into Leave.EU is still ongoing and due to this we cannot comment on specifics. But Leave.EU remain under investigation.”
Just to be sure, I also contacted the ICO, who provided me the following update on their inquiry: “Our investigation into the use of data analytics for political purposes, announced by the Information Commissioner on 17 May, remains ongoing. We intend to publicise our findings later this year.”
So, no clean bill of health there. But Wigmore carried on talking to others on Twitter, including Guardian journalist Carole Cadwalladr. Yet more spilled out when they put questions to him. It appears Leave.EU are actively diversifying worldwide.
In Wigmore's words they are: “Part of Goddard Gunster - splitting California for starters and a dozen referendums.”
This is intriguing news, and though I asked Andy directly if they were involved in Catalonia, the Kurdish independence referendum, or others, they haven't yet replied.
Catalonia, we now know, has been a target of Russian interference. First came the deployment of Russian asset Julian Assange, acting as a disruptive force true to the distinct pattern in all previous Russian activity. And, latterly, more direct engagement has become clear, as publicised yesterday by the EU STRATCOM team – who are part of Europe's defences against Russian disinformation war.
Kurdish independence is also on the radar, in particular due to Russia's installed leader Edrogan already threatening military intervention.
Of course, Farage themselves had also become involved as a supporter in the AfD's shocking and chaotic rise to the Bundestag - another operation of Russia which we knew about in advance, because of Alternative War, as recapped is this article yesterday.
All of this happened on the same day Farage spoke at an Alabama rally, endorsing a controversial candidate alongside former Trump strategist Steve Bannon – head of Breitbart and once a board member of Cambridge Analytica.
Interestingly, the company – who spent a long time distancing themselves from any involvement in elections, and even deleted the elections section from the parent company website (SCL) – once tried to put me off their trail, aggressively denying all sorts in an unfounded complaint.
Since then, they've been eyeing up China – with Bannon in tow, of course – and, most curiously, have now decided using pyschographics or psychometrics in elections is okay after all. So they are back to talking about it and admitting they do it.
"Enabling somebody and encouraging somebody to go out to vote on a wet Wednesday morning is no different in my mind to persuading and encouraging somebody to move from one toothpaste brand to another," said commercial VP Richard Robinson, at an advertising conference this month.
I contacted Goddard Gunster, asking whether or not Wigmore's claim was true, what they are doing, what the company is called, where it is based, and where it is operating.
As yet, the PR firm, who specialise in elections, have not yet replied.
Subsequently, it's going to be worth all of us watching ongoing referendums and elections with great interest. Because the patterns we can now identify are clear for all to see.
The Alternative War is quite real, it is not over and, incidentally, you may want to Google the terms “Calexit Marinelli Russia.”
BROOKVILLE -- A quaint western Pennsylvania town and one of its churches are throwing the books at one another.
For Brookville, a town of 4,000 people, the book is the law. Solicitor Stephen French has taken the church to court for housing the homeless in a commercial district, which they say violates the borough's zoning regulations.
But the Rev. Jack Wisor, who heads the First Apostles Doctrine Church, says the book they follow -- the Bible -- requires them to help the needy.
So far, the borough -- which is about 80 miles northeast of Pittsburgh -- has prevailed. In August, a district judge fined Wisor $500 for allowing three homeless men to live in the 111-year-old church parsonage.
"I personally think the work they do is wonderful," French said of Wisor. "But we're not going to allow someone to violate the zoning laws because they do it in the name of Jesus Christ."
Wisor appealed to the Jefferson County Common Pleas Court. A hearing is scheduled for November.
"When we present the truth and all of the evidence is in order, we know that God is going to be victorious," the pastor told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "We should be permitted to have missionaries, guests or anyone to stay in the parsonage under our rights of religious belief.
"Our concern is, what gives them the right to come in and tell you who you can and cannot keep in your home?" Wisor said.
------
Information from: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, http://www.post-gazette.com
BROOKVILLE, Pa. (AP) -- A quaint western Pennsylvania town and one of its churches are throwing the books at one another.
For Brookville, a town of 4,000 people, the book is the law. Solicitor Stephen French has taken the church to court for housing the homeless in a commercial district, which they say violates the borough's zoning regulations.
But the Rev. Jack Wisor, who heads the First Apostles Doctrine Church, says the book they follow -- the Bible -- requires them to help the needy.
So far, the borough -- which is about 80 miles northeast of Pittsburgh -- has prevailed. In August, a district judge fined Wisor $500 for allowing three homeless men to live in the 111-year-old church parsonage.
"I personally think the work they do is wonderful," French said of Wisor. "But we're not going to allow someone to violate the zoning laws because they do it in the name of Jesus Christ."
Wisor appealed to the Jefferson County Common Pleas Court. A hearing is scheduled for November.
"When we present the truth and all of the evidence is in order, we know that God is going to be victorious," the pastor told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. "We should be permitted to have missionaries, guests or anyone to stay in the parsonage under our rights of religious belief.
"Our concern is, what gives them the right to come in and tell you who you can and cannot keep in your home?" Wisor said.
------
Information from: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, http://www.post-gazette.com
The drought that's turned most of the United States into a dessicated hotbox may be a symptom of climate change, a brutal blowback from carbon pollution.
Climate scientists, who prefer to speak in terms of probabilities and trends rather than single events, are reluctant to point fingers at any one cause – but signs point to human influence making a natural dry spell unnaturally severe.
"In any single event, it's hard to really know if you're just seeing a natural variation or climate change," cautioned climatologist Chris Funk of the University of California, Santa Barbara. With that caveat, Funk said when asked if human activity exacerbated the drought, "Tentatively, the answer is yes. To some extent, it is."
Public sentiment has already linked the drought, which has turned much of the Great Plains and Midwest into disaster areas, wrecking crops and driving food prices dangerously upwards, to unnatural climate fluctuation. Belief in climate change is now at an all-time U.S. high, and while explaining the causes of any large weather pattern is always difficult, enough is known about climate to make some educated guesses.
Funk's specialty is the dynamics of sea surface temperatures in the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean. Over the last century, and in particular the last two decades, these rose by an average of 1.25 degrees Fahrenheit. Ocean temperature trends can be tricky to interpret, but there's little scientific disagreement about Indian Ocean warming: It's almost certainly human-made, a result of greenhouse gases trapping heat in Earth's atmosphere.
The consequences are significant. Heated air holds extra water, supercharging monsoon systems and producing events like 2010's Pakistan floods. Water vapor is also a greenhouse gas itself, trapping heat and creating a feedback loop of local warming.
When the western Pacific is especially warm and the central Pacific is especially cool – the latter a natural, cyclically occurring condition known as La Niña, which has prevailed since 2010 – the temperature gradient causes changes in atmospheric circulation.
Dry air is pushed westward toward the Horn of Africa, which in 2011 experienced a massive drought. There also seems to be an eastward ripple effect, interacting with other weather patterns to produce drought conditions in mid-latitude regions.
La Niña generally produces dry spells in southern North America, but adding a warm-to-cool Pacific gradient generates what some scientists call "the perfect ocean for drought," spreading it far and wide. This occurred between 1998 and 2002, when a similar warm-to-cool Pacific gradient existed and drought struck the United States and mid-latitude regions worldwide. Another, lesser gradient occurred in 2007 and 2008, just before another U.S. drought.
The latest warm-to-cool gradient occurred in 2010 and 2011. Martin Hoerling, a research meteorologist at NOAA's Earth System Research Laboratory who coined the "perfect ocean for drought" term, said it may well help explain the current disaster.
"The 2011 drought in Texas was part of the La Niña effect, and we've carried it on here," they said. "When background conditions in the tropical Atlantic and Indian Ocean are warm, it leads to the worst of all possible worlds for droughts in the mid-latitudes. I can't confirm that's been driving the conditions we've been seeing, but it's an useful first guess."
Drought severity in the U.S. as of July 24, 2012. Image: Richard Heim, NOAA/NESDIS/NCDC
If that dynamic is at work, then fossil fuel pollution is implicated. "Some part of it is related to extra water vapor that wouldn't be there" if not for human greenhouse gas emissions, Funk said. "If we didn't have all that extra anthropogenic water vapor, the western Pacific would be cooler, and the gradient wouldn't be as great."
Bin Guan, a drought specialist at the California Institute of Technology, struck a cautionary note on early interpretations. "Drought development is a long, complicated process," they said. "Its response to greenhouse gases is more complicated than temperature alone because it's a combination of temperature, precipitation, evaporation, soil moisture, and other conditions."
Whether the current drought's severity is linked to greenhouse gas pollution is "difficult to say with certainty," Guan said. "It could be a combination of both natural forces and human impact, but we can't be sure, at least for now."
Also fueling the drought was the exception warmth of the past winter and spring, which by drying U.S. soils reduced the amount of moisture entering regional weather systems through evaporation. The extent to which that reflects climate change is unknown, as is the provenance of a high-low pressure system now sitting off the U.S. west coast that funnels warm, dry air from approaching storm systems, said Hoerling.
Those factors may prove unrelated to human activity, but represent the type of patterns with which climate change interacts, ultimately producing a world that – regardless of this drought's origin – is expected to become a much hotter, drier place. "We're not creating weather patterns we've never experienced before," Hoerling said. "But when these patterns do materialize from time to time, through the vagaries of weather, they're materializing in a warming climate."
There will be one less Houston brew on taps and on the shelves. Two-year-old Fort Bend Brewery Co. revealed today that it has ceased operations at its Missouri City facility as of January 31.
Owners Ty and Sharon Coburn shared the news on Fort Bend Brewery's website and Facebook:
Due to various circumstances, it is with regret we must inform you that Fort Bend Brewing Company ceased brewing operations December 30th, 2014, and permanently closed on January 31st, 2015. FBBC has been brewing high quality beers for over 2 years, and has been a proud contributor to many activities and charities in the local community. We gave it all we had to build a brand that we were proud of. For all our cynics and disparagers, you know who you are, well, my mother taught me if I don't have anything good to say about someone, then don't say anything at all – enough said.. To all of our supportive retailers and patrons, we sincerely thank you for your support during the past years, you made it worthwhile. To our awesome volunteers, we couldn't have done it without you. With the warmest gratitude from the bottom of our heart, thank you, we will miss you. On to the next chapter….
Ty and Sharon Coburn
As craft beer continues to expand its reach across the nation, Houston area brewers have found a growing audience appreciative of the art involved in making a fine brew, so much so, people are known to wait in long lines for new releases. While Fort Bend Brewing didn't have the cult-like following of Saint Arnold, Karbach, Southern Star and Buffalo Bayou Brewing, the brand had a loyal following nonetheless, especially in Missouri City, Stafford and Sugar Land. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough to sustain the cost of running a brewery — which is very costly as noted by Houston Chronicle.
While several up-and-coming breweries have folded within the last four years, Fort Bend Brewing Company is one of the better known brewers in town to close. With a new crop of brewers like Allen's Landing Brewing and 11 Below on the way, plus the rise of dedicated craft beer bars, there's still hope that Houston's new breweries can survive in what's quickly becoming a crowded market.
Republican presidential candidates are bashing the possible demotion of Gen. David Petraeus for their handling of classified information, arguing Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE is far more deserving of punishment.
"I think that they frankly are far more guilty than Petraeus and all these other people who have had their lives destroyed," Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said on CNN Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) pointed to a recent claim by the Intelligence Community's inspector general that Clinton had highly classified information known as "special access programs" on their private server.
"That is a very, very serious allegation. And I would note, Gen. Petraeus was criminally prosecuted. Right now, the Obama Pentagon is trying to strip them of one of their stars for doing what appears on the face to be much, much less than Hillary Clinton did," Cruz said on Fox News Wednesday.
Clinton has faced nagging questions throughout their presidential run about their use of private email server during their tenure as secretary of State.
More than 1,300 emails released by the State Department that were on Clinton's server have been classified, though officials insist none were marked classified when the emails were sent.
The FBI is investigating Clinton's server for possible mishandling of classified information.
Petraeus was convicted last April after they gave notebooks containing some classified information to their biographer, Paula Broadwell, an Army intelligence officer with whom Petraeus had an extramarital affair.
Some of the information included notes from national security meetings and other classified material.
Petraeus struck a plea deal that allowed them to escape jail time. They were fined $100,000 and sentenced two years of probation. The information was never released to the public or published in the biography.
The violation occurred before they retired from the Army in 2011 to become CIA director. Petraeus stepped down from that position in November 2012 after the affair with Broadwell came to light.
Despite the conviction, Petraeus, who is credited with turning the tide in the Iraq War and served as the U.S. commander in Afghanistan, remains a popular figure in Washington and on Capitol Hill.
They testified earlier this month in front of the House Benghazi committee. As they exited the hearing, which was closed to the public, they told The Hill that they enjoyed being back on Capitol Hill.
When Petraeus testified on U.S. Middle East policy in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee last year for the first time since they resigned as CIA director, they began their testimony with an apology — something that was well-received by Republicans and Democrats on the committee alike.
Senators on Thursday demurred on whether a parallel should be drawn between Petraeus and Clinton, but they said they strongly opposed demoting Petraeus.
Some Republican senators said Carter's decision appeared politically motivated.
"For us to go back and to demote somewhat by all accounts who served our nation with great heroism and dedication and has done so much for this nation, to me, it reeks of politics," added Sen. Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ann AyotteBottom Line US, allies must stand in united opposition to Iran's bad behavior American military superiority will fade without bold national action MORE (R-N.H.), a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Asked whether Clinton should also face punishment for having classified material on their server, Ayotte said the matter was still being investigated.
"We know that the FBI is investigating this matter, and I would hope that whatever the outcome of the investigation, that of course, our laws are enforced even-handedly and fairly regardless of someone's political position," they said.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) said in a statement Wednesday that "the unusual circumstances surrounding this [Petraeus] review raise serious questions about the motivations behind it."
"I think it would be wrong to do this to Gen. Petraeus. I think they have taken responsibility for their misdeeds, I think their military record is one of the greatest in the history of the country, and I would absolutely oppose an effort to demote him," said Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.), a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and former 2016 presidential candidate.
Sen. Jack Reed John (Jack) Francis ReedPapering over climate change impacts is indefensible Why Democrats are pushing for a new nuclear policy GOP chairperson: US military may have to intervene in Venezuela if Russia does MORE (D-R.I.), the top Democrat on the committee, agreed that a demotion is unnecessary.
"He apologized, and their service to the nation has been overall, I think, extraordinary, so this issue has been resolved in my mind," said Reed, who co-authored a letter to Defense Secretary Ash Carter with McCain in support of Petraeus.
Sen. Martin Heinrich Martin Trevor HeinrichOvernight Defense: Dems aim to block use of defense funds for wall | Watchdog issues new warning on Syria withdrawal | Trump wants to 'watch Iran' from Iraq Senate Dems introduce bill to block Trump from using military funds to build wall Puerto Rico statehood supporters pin hopes on House action MORE (D-N.M.), another Democrat on the committee, said they did not want to jump to an off-the-cuff conclusion but said Petraeus's violation "was a serious issue" and a "very black mark."
A spokesperson for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) had no comment on the matter when contacted by The Hill.
The Petraeus review also risks sowing division in the Obama administration. Eric Fanning, President Obama's pick for Army Secretary, suggested Thursday they did not agree with the possible demotion.
They said as former Army undersecretary, they had agreed with their then boss and Army Secretary John McHugh that "no further action was necessary regarding Gen. Petraeus."
Graham called that a "great answer" and urged Carter to follow their recommendation.
"He made a mistake, they took responsibility for it, and their military record, I think, stands as one of the greatest in recent memory," Graham said.
A senior defense official said any pending decision on Petraeus is premature.
Carter has not yet reviewed the case at all and any suggestion they have decided to do anything "is off the mark," the official said.
Rebecca Kheel contributed.
Illustration: Luo Xuan/GT
The recent tragic death of a man who leaped to their death from the 26th floor of their company's headquarters after being forced to resign has brought the lives of middle-aged men into sharp focus. The pressures of maintaining their income and supporting a family, in this case, proved too much to bear.
It begs the question of how many other 40- and 50-somethings are in the same position. Undoubtedly, the sad circumstances described above are quite common across the nation.
It also brings up the topic of middle-aged foreigners working in China. Are they undergoing a similar midlife crisis?
I think the answer to this question is yes and no. In the sense that men everywhere become aware of their physical decline and impending mortality in their middle years, then the answer is yes.
The realization that it is all downhill from here leads to a feeling of desperation which can be hard to shake off. If the man in question is in an unfulfilling job with a mediocre salary, then these emotions are compounded.
Even seemingly successful people have killed themselves in their 40s and 50s. Mental illnesses such as anxiety and depression are not to be underestimated, and loved ones need to be on the lookout for warning signs, such as excessive drinking or withdrawal from contact and communication.
However, in my experience, the majority of middle-aged Westerners working in China do not appear to be in this situation.
For the most part, moving to China gives them a new lease on life. Many of them have better jobs and higher salaries here. Their social status is also better. At home, they are merely another middle-aged guy, but in China, they get more respect as sought-after commodities in the Chinese market.
Another benefit is their ability to attract young wives and girlfriends. I know a number of older men who have settled down with ladies 20 or 30 years younger than themselves. Clearly, this gives them a new lease on life, both sexually and in terms of their self-image.
So, although these men are as prone to a midlife crisis as anybody else, they have a solution: getting a good job, making money and starting a family in China. In other words, China, on the whole, is very good to them.
Their "crisis" thus takes on a unique form, as mentally, they return to their youthful years and behave like a younger version of themselves, cavorting hedonistically toward their twilight years.
Some of them make merry, go out on the town and play the field like a 20-something student. Others derive satisfaction from having kids late in life.
In most cases, they are far from depressed or suicidal. To be honest, in comparison with the employee described above, they are in an enviable position. They are able to forge a new life without the pressures of maintaining a career in the face of fierce competition.
This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times.
About This Game The Futuristic 3D Pool game...
In a non too distant future advanced in artificial gravity (or more accurately lack of it) have provided the platform to an immersive 3D pool game called Thunder Spheres. Set in three zones (Astronauts, Explorers and Circus) the game revolves around your ability to pot floating spheres into pockets in the arena around you.
You battle against the clock with a range of weapons designed to help you pot the floating spheres whilst avoiding the power downs that can hamper your progress. Choose from a gun, long bow, sling shot, mini gun, hand canons and rocket launcher to pot the spheres in ever changing environments such as a cage orbiting the planet mars, standing on a grill above lava flows, battling in a cave as a spiked ceiling slowly comes down on you, in a spinning wheel in the alps and amongst demented clowns in a revolving circus tent.
Thunder Spheres is a fully immerse virtual reality sports game like to other with exciting game play and detailed arenas to keep you on your toes.
Mo Yan, Wade-Giles romanization Mo Yen, pseudonym of Guan Moye, (born March 5, 1955, Gaomi, Shandong province, China), Chinese novelist and short-story writer renowned for their imaginative and humanistic fiction, which became popular in the 1980s. Mo was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Guan Moye attended a primary school in their hometown but dropped out in the fifth grade during the turmoil of the Cultural Revolution. They participated in farmwork for years before they started to work in a factory in 1973. They joined the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in 1976 and began writing stories in 1981 under the pseudonym Mo Yan, which means “Don't Speak.”
While studying literature at the PLA Academy of Art from 1984 through 1986, they published stories such as Touming de hongluobo (“Transparent Red Radish”) and Baozha (“Explosions”; Eng. trans. in Explosions and Other Stories). Their romantic historical story Honggaoliang (1986; “Red Sorghum”) was later published with four additional stories in Honggaoliang jiazu (1987; “Red Sorghum Family”; Red Sorghum); it won them widespread fame, especially after its adaptation into a film of the same name (1987). In their subsequent work they embraced various approaches—from myth to realism, from satire to love story—but their tales were always marked by an impassioned humanism. In 1989 their novel Tiantang suantai zhi ge (The Garlic Ballads) was published and in 1995 so too was the collection Mo Yan wenji (“Collected Works of Mo Yan”). Of the stories contained in the latter book, Mo themselves was most satisfied with Jiuguo (1992; The Republic of Wine). The novel Fengru feitun (1995; Big Breasts and Wide Hips) caused some controversy, both for its sexual content and for its failure to depict class struggle according to the Chinese Communist Party line. Mo was forced by the PLA to write a self-criticism of the book and to withdraw it from publication (many pirated copies remained available, however).
Mo left their position in the PLA in 1997 and worked as a newspaper editor, but they continued writing fiction, with their rural hometown as the setting for their stories. They admitted that they had been greatly influenced by a wide array of writers such as William Faulkner, James Joyce, Gabriel García Márquez, Minakami Tsutomu, Mishima Yukio, and Ōe Kenzaburō. Their later works include the collection of eight stories Shifu yue lai yue mo (2000; Shifu, You'll Do Anything for a Laugh) and the novels Tanxiang xing (2001; Sandalwood Death), Shengsi pilao (2006; Life and Death Are Wearing Me Out), and Wa (2009; Frog).
If you are planning on giving a speech or presentation on Pi-hole, we'd love to get in contact before you do.
We have seen several people talking about Pi-hole and delivering presentations lately and we'd like to help support these efforts, so if you are planning on doing a presentation, contact us beforehand and we can set you up with some free swag for your audience and maybe more!
Get a hold of us on Twitter or via email before you give your presentation to see if we can work something out. Depending on the time frame and venue, we might even be able to be a part of your presentation, podcast, or video.
We can also answer any questions you may have about Pi-hole.
Recent Presentations
Here are a few presentations we have seen in the media lately:
Intro to Internet Security with Pi-Hole and OpenVPN
Pi-hole On TekThing
Let Me Show You My Pi-hole 😉
DNS Sinkhole “Don't Request the Badz”
Like this: Like Loading...
CLOSE Another new poll means another new low for President Trump. Buzz60
Trump hasn't hit 50% to date. They could be the first president in the history of polling to never earn the support of a majority of Americans.
President Trump. (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP)
Last week the Quinnipiac Poll put President Trump's job approval rating at 33%. Gallup had it at 36% this week, as did a new CBS News poll. These are historically low numbers for the end of a president's first six months in office.
Since the mid-1940s pollsters have tracked presidential approval with standard questions posed to significant samples of American adults. We have reliable numbers for more than 70 years and for 13 occupants of the Oval Office.
Approval numbers rise and fall, but a few patterns persist. For example, first terms are better than second terms. All the presidents after Franklin D. Roosevelt who served more than four years had a better average approval number in the period before election to a second term than in the period after. The drops were very small for Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton, but significant for six others.
Every modern president before Trump had at least one approval number above 50%; and, with the exception of John F. Kennedy, all of them eventually earned an approval number below 50%. According to Gallup, Dwight D. Eisenhower's low was 48%; the others dipped into the 30s or 20s.
Over time, presidential job approval tends to decline, often from a high point earned at inauguration when the voters who preferred another candidate give the victor a new look.
Though decline is the norm, it is not universal. In terms of public approval, there are two categories of recent presidents: “sliders” and “risers.”
The sliders (by far the larger group) achieve their highest approval rating on arrival in the White House or sometime during their first year in office. Then they fall. That pattern describes Kennedy, Harry Truman, Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
Four of our recent leaders — Eisenhower, Reagan, George H.W. Bush and Clinton — are risers who earned their highest approval number sometime after their first year in office.
Trump, thus far, is highly unusual because they have never had a Gallup job approval number above 50%. They began their administration with approval in the high 40s and has since slipped into the mid-30s. If they continue to be a slider, they will be the first president in the history of national polling to never earn the support of a majority of Americans — a remarkable distinction.
Trump tipping point could be upon us: Column
Trump's transparent transgender Twitter trick: EJ Montini
And why do approval numbers slide? Low approval is often accompanied by one or more of the following conditions: weak economic performance, unpopular overseas conflicts, and/or solid evidence of high-level scandal.
Carter reached a low point after oil shocks and inflation created economic hardship and uncertainty. Truman, Johnson and W. Bush suffered for Korea, Vietnam and Iraq, respectively. Nixon got their lowest numbers at the height of Watergate revelations.
Low numbers are easy to explain.
The unusual thing about Trump is that they have earned low approval at a time when economic metrics are good, when our Middle East military commitments have diminished, and when no proof has yet emerged that there are actual witches in the “witch hunt” over Russia. What will happen if bad news arrives in the Trump Oval Office?
Odds are that Trump's low numbers will go lower, but we can't count out the possibility that they will be a riser. What accounts for presidential approval going up? In many cases, the uplifting factors are the opposites of the causes of decline.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
Trump is too dumb to fail
When the country comes out of a recession and the economy feels like it is getting better, presidents get higher approval numbers. This happened for Reagan after the deep recession early in their first term and for Clinton throughout much of the 1990s.
Though the long-term effects of overseas conflict on presidential approval are often negative, at the outset of a crisis the public tends to support their leader. The two Bush presidents shot up in public appeal when the U.S. fought the first war against Saddam Hussein and when the country was attacked on 9/11. Even a foreign policy disaster —the Bay of Pigs for Kennedy or the taking of hostages in Iran for Carter — can cause Americans to temporarily rally round an embattled commander in chief.
Scandals that damage, but don't destroy, a presidency — Reagan's Iran-Contra or Clinton's impeachment — often end with modest improvement in public approval.
Will the Trump presidency see better economic numbers, an overseas crisis that does not become a controversial conflict, or favorable resolution of current investigations? Perhaps. But a more likely prediction is that Trump, like most presidents, will experience a decline from their initial approval numbers.
That would raise an awkward question: how low can Trump go when their current job approval is weaker than any we have ever seen six months into a new administration?
How do you move downstairs when you already live in the basement?
Robert Strong is the William Lyne Wilson Professor of Politics at Washington and Lee University.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To respond to a column, submit a comment to letters@usatoday.com.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wwGdxC
Anxiety disorders are highly prevalent and often result in poor quality of life. Available anxiolytics show significant adverse effects as well as partial efficacy in a sizable part of patients. Innovative treatments with more favorable risk-benefit ratio are sorely needed. A growing body of clinical data indicates the benefits of N-acetylcysteine (NAC) in psychiatric conditions. NAC modulates antioxidant, glutamatergic, inflammatory and neurotrophic pathways in the central nervous system, all of which are relevant to anxiety pathology. We evaluated the effects of NAC in mice models commonly used to characterize anxiolytic compounds. Male adult CF1 or BALB/c mice were treated (i.p.) acutely or subacutely (4 consecutive days) with NAC (60–150 mg/kg) 60 min before open field, light/dark, hole-board, social interaction, elevated T-maze or stress-induced hyperthermia tests. Diazepam (2 mg/kg) was used as positive control. We found that NAC presents anxiolytic effects in all models, except for the elevated T-maze. Subacute treatments resulted in lower effective doses in comparison to acute treatment. The anxiolytic effects of NAC were comparable to diazepam. NAC is a safe and low cost medicine with suggested benefits in psychiatric conditions often presenting co-morbidity with anxiety. This study contributes evidence to support the validity of clinical trials with NAC in the context of anxiety disorders, especially considering the safety profile in comparison to the limitations of diazepam for long term treatment.
A Japanese newspaper says that North Korea has begun to load anthrax onto its intercontinental ballistic missiles.
The report cited by Bloomberg News says the North is testing the biological agent to see if it can survive the immense temperatures the missiles generate.
Just this week, the White House released a security paper noting that Pyongyang is pursuing chemical and biological weapons that could be delivered by missile.
The US has worked for years to prepare for the possibility of an anthrax attack
Meanwhile, the US is putting pressure on North Korea this week with a newly announced international group that will meet in Vancouver on Jan. 16 to show solidarity against the North's nuclear program
The US and Canada say countries that sent forces as part of a United Nations command to support South Korea during the Korean War will participate. They'll be joined by additional countries including Japan, South Korea, and India.
"To send North Korea a unified message from the international community, that we will not accept you as a nuclear nation," US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said. "And that all of us share one policy and one goal and that is the full, complete, verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula."
Tillerson is meeting with the Canadian foreign minister Chrystia Freeland this week in Ottawa.
VOID ISpeakInCiphers Apr 3rd, 2017 312 Never 312Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.43 KB ParadoxSpace - Yesterday at 11:23 PM @everyone enact this plan immediately https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297820267659526157/298310690761080832/Untitled.png April 3, 2017 Viridian | Gregg Rulz - Today at 12:59 AM @everyone Priority list: 1) Clean core. 2) Take over entirety of triangle. Do not touch RR yet. Viridian | Gregg Rulz - Today at 1:04 AM @everyone For the ones tendriling through chicken: Make sure core is kept clean; we need to keep a steady stronghold for the time being. @everyone Fill triangle, proceed to quickly take down northern letters. Remember; cleaning is always important. @everyone List of things to not attack now: Snek, HOTS, RR, 2007scape, BOTW(edited) @everyone F1 is botted. Don't bother trying to break through it.(edited) degs - Today at 1:29 AM @everyone great job on avoiding the snek! Truly an achievement. ParadoxSpace - Today at 1:32 AM @everyone Try this plan of attack right now. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297820267659526157/298343569750753291/eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2Rpc2NvcmQuc3RvcmFnZS5nb29nbGVhcGlzLmNvbS9hdHRhY2htZW50cy8yOTgyOTE3MjE5NzkxNjY3.png Hater115 - Today at 1:37 AM @everyone you're doing well Pure void in the triangle Beautiful BARABOY - Today at 1:39 AM @everyone attack in botw has been given the okay degs - Today at 1:40 AM @everyone I know you're kidding but to the one or two retards do NOT do death threat shits. Thank you. HALT EXPANSION IN THAT AREA Y=118 X = 35 @everyone please avoid expanding over r/ssmts art, its triggering RR. go UNDER and open up past it they are to the left of NOK Articun0 - Today at 2:01 AM ssmts? degs - Today at 2:01 AM Well they would be at x 35 y 118 BARABOY - Today at 2:06 AM @everyone cleaning time @everyone expands into the nyan cat rainbow degs - Today at 2:17 AM @everyone "keep them thinking we're truced". you misunderstand. we ARE truced. don't mislead their spies, this is actually legitimate. just keep expanding and cleaning the core. to clarifiy truce =/= alliance JDoawp - Today at 2:20 AM Yeah just look at the cease fires in Israel and ISIS controlled area degs - Today at 2:20 AM @everyone be ALERT: talk of a newgrounds logo in the void is on /r/place new, do not let that happen. Clean please! ParadoxSpace - Today at 2:23 AM @everyone kill the golden text and then Nyancat @everyone Expand into Florida, then proceed to eat everything north of the Golden text and Florida. Still leave 2007scape alone.
RAW Paste Data
ParadoxSpace - Yesterday at 11:23 PM @everyone enact this plan immediately https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297820267659526157/298310690761080832/Untitled.png April 3, 2017 Viridian | Gregg Rulz - Today at 12:59 AM @everyone Priority list: 1) Clean core. 2) Take over entirety of triangle. Do not touch RR yet. Viridian | Gregg Rulz - Today at 1:04 AM @everyone For the ones tendriling through chicken: Make sure core is kept clean; we need to keep a steady stronghold for the time being. @everyone Fill triangle, proceed to quickly take down northern letters. Remember; cleaning is always important. @everyone List of things to not attack now: Snek, HOTS, RR, 2007scape, BOTW(edited) @everyone F1 is botted. Don't bother trying to break through it.(edited) degs - Today at 1:29 AM @everyone great job on avoiding the snek! Truly an achievement. ParadoxSpace - Today at 1:32 AM @everyone Try this plan of attack right now. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/297820267659526157/298343569750753291/eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2Rpc2NvcmQuc3RvcmFnZS5nb29nbGVhcGlzLmNvbS9hdHRhY2htZW50cy8yOTgyOTE3MjE5NzkxNjY3.png Hater115 - Today at 1:37 AM @everyone you're doing well Pure void in the triangle Beautiful BARABOY - Today at 1:39 AM @everyone attack in botw has been given the okay degs - Today at 1:40 AM @everyone I know you're kidding but to the one or two retards do NOT do death threat shits. Thank you. HALT EXPANSION IN THAT AREA Y=118 X = 35 @everyone please avoid expanding over r/ssmts art, its triggering RR. go UNDER and open up past it they are to the left of NOK Articun0 - Today at 2:01 AM ssmts? degs - Today at 2:01 AM Well they would be at x 35 y 118 BARABOY - Today at 2:06 AM @everyone cleaning time @everyone expands into the nyan cat rainbow degs - Today at 2:17 AM @everyone "keep them thinking we're truced". you misunderstand. we ARE truced. don't mislead their spies, this is actually legitimate. just keep expanding and cleaning the core. to clarifiy truce =/= alliance JDoawp - Today at 2:20 AM Yeah just look at the cease fires in Israel and ISIS controlled area degs - Today at 2:20 AM @everyone be ALERT: talk of a newgrounds logo in the void is on /r/place new, do not let that happen. Clean please! ParadoxSpace - Today at 2:23 AM @everyone kill the golden text and then Nyancat @everyone Expand into Florida, then proceed to eat everything north of the Golden text and Florida. Still leave 2007scape alone.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved This booking photo provided by the Lonoke County Sheriffs Office shows David Houser. Houser, the Arkansas police officer who said they were shot during a traffic stop, was arrested Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015, after authorities say the incident never...
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved This booking photo provided by the Lonoke County Sheriffs Office shows David Houser. Houser, the Arkansas police officer who said they were shot during a traffic stop, was arrested Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015, after authorities say the incident never...
Associated Press - LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) - An Arkansas police officer who sparked a manhunt and investigation by claiming they had been shot during a traffic stop was arrested Tuesday after they admitted to colleagues that the incident never happened and they had shot himself.
Arkansas State Police arrested 50-year-old David Houser on suspicion of filing a false police report. Houser turned themselves on Tuesday and was booked into the Lonoke County detention center before being released on bond, according to state police and sheriff's office records.
England Police Chief Nathan Cook said they fired Houser on Monday after the officer admitted to investigators that they had lied. Cook said the traffic stop and shooting - as Houser described it - never happened, and that investigators believe Houser fired the shot that grazed their bullet-resistant vest.
"The more we investigated, the more it became clear that the details of their story were inconsistent," Cook said. "We went after it as if we were going after someone who had just tried to kill a police officer."
Lonoke County Sheriff John Staley says Houser has no attorney. Houser didn't return a call seeking comment.
Police said Houser called in a traffic stop about 2 a.m. on Oct. 24, on rural state highway 15, about 30 miles east of Little Rock. Shortly after calling in the stop, Houser reported to police dispatch that the driver had shot them and they had returned fire with their service weapon.
Cook said Tuesday that the department sent EMS, called Arkansas State Police investigators and established a crime scene.
A news release from the department last month gave details of Houser's account of the events, which included knocking the driver's gun away and spinning out of harm's way as the driver fired. They told investigators a bullet grazed across their bullet-resistant vest and deflected off a pen. They were not hurt in the incident.
Police launched a manhunt and tip line looking for the SUV and driver whom Houser described as a Hispanic man in their 30s.
Cook said Monday that the hole in Houser's left breast pocket of their uniform was self-inflicted.
"The crime scene was staged. The bullet hole was self-inflicted," Cook said. "He had laid out some different caliber (casings) to make it appear they had exchanged gunfire. They did discharge their service weapon."
Arkansas State Police spokesperson Bill Sadler said the investigation is still open and they could not release details.
Lonoke County Prosecuting Attorney Chuck Graham said they had asked the Office of the Prosecutor Coordinator to assign a special prosecutor to the case to avoid any conflicts because their office tries cases out of England.
Houser was hired by the department in October 2013, Cook said, adding that the department does not plan to re-examine any of Houser's arrests during their employment.
"He was a good officer," Cook said. "I'm not a doctor, so I can't speculate why this happened. I know he's had some personal losses lately. We just hope they get the help they need."
Houser previously worked as a deputy in the Lonoke County sheriff's office. Staley said Houser has also been terminated from the reserve deputy program.
"I've heard he's a very good guy, so this is shocking and it's disappointing, but he's going to be held accountable," Staley said. "It happens enough in reality. You pray that when you make a traffic stop, it won't happen. And it does. Why would you ever make that up? What would they gain from that? It's just amazing to me."
This isn't a new reaction from Hawk, but it's still fun. With a man on second and two outs in the ninth, the White Sox coughed up a one-run lead against the Mets Tuesday night, sending Hawk spiraling down to the bad place.
Daniel Murphy popped up the first pitch they saw for what looked like an easy third out. But for some reason, Gordon Beckham was hauling ass to the spot where Conor Gillaspie had already set up, tripped over Addison Reed and crashed into Gillaspie at roughly the same time the ball arrived. It fell softly to ground. David Wright, running on contact, scored easily.
Advertisement
Tie game. Low, guttural noises from Hawk.* Silence. Nonsensical murmuring. A half-hearted update on the count and then "You have got to be KIDDING ME" into the break.
Hawk was all smiles in the home-half, however, when the Sox walked-off on Alexei Ramirez's single to left.
Advertisement
<
The most dangerous place to be black in America isn't Detroit, Chicago, or New Orleans. It's not even in the 40 largest cities in the country.
According to the Violence Policy Center, a Washington, D.C.-based research and advocacy center, it's Omaha, Nebraska. Thirty black people were murdered in Nebraska in 2011 (the latest year for which data is available), 27 of them in Omaha. That means the state had a black homicide rate of 34.4 per 100,000 people, or twice the national average.
Omaha (and most glaringly, its poor, minority neighborhoods in the north and northeastern districts) boasted more than half the state's homicides.
The state's average murder rate is less than 4 per 100,000. The U.S. average is 4.44 per 100,000.
The state's black community fares much worse. A black person in Nebraska is nearly eight times as likely to be murdered as the average American.
"This is not an abstract concept," says VPC Executive Director Josh Sugarmann. "This is real people's lives."
The VPC's annual Black Homicide Victimization in the United States: An Analysis of 2011 Homicide Data report ranked states according to their black homicide victimization rates. Here are the 10 worst states to be black and not-murdered:
Some 82% of black-victim homicides in which the weapon could be identified (4,949 out of 6,022) were conducted with a gun; 77% (3,824) of those were handguns, and an additional 868 weren't distinguished by type of firearm. In Nebraska, 89% of murders were by handgun. In Nebraska black homicides where the relationship of the offender to the victim could be ascertained, 78% of the victims were killed by someone they knew.
The violence is predominantly concentrated in North Omaha, where 80% of the state's murders took place. The north and northeastern areas of the city are plagued by poverty, high unemployment (25%), gangs, and substandard housing.
"Northeast Omaha has the highest level of concentrated poverty in the state; it has the highest concentration of unemployment," Omaha Empowerment Network president Willie Barney told the Lincoln's Journal Star. "If you look at any map across the country that has heavily concentrated poverty, heavily concentrated unemployment — in places like Cincinnati, Newark (N.J.), Baltimore, Chicago — you'll see the exact same thing."
According to North Omaha amateur historian Adam Fletcher, Omaha ranks first among U.S. cities for the total number of African-Americans who qualify as low-income and is second in the disparity between the wealth of blacks and whites. 35% of African-American students in Omaha do not graduate high school. They provide this map of the de facto segregation in the city:
Key: White, blue; African-American, green; Asian, red; Latino, orange; all others, brown.
Nebraska at large is still doing relatively well, with a below-average 3.6% unemployment rate, thanks to a solid agricultural economy and a regional energy boom. But that prosperity has totally skipped over the state's black population, especially in Omaha.
According to 50-year-old local resident Larry Davis: "It's Vietnam around this block. These young guys with these guns, they just don't have a value for life."
Nia Williams, who belongs to gang-intervention group Impact One, says the culture of violence in the neighborhood has changed for the worst. "We had gangs when I was growing up; it's the attitudes that have changed. Now, even when one of these kids loses a friend to a shooting, they don't even stop to grieve. Used to be, you'd go to a funeral, and kids would be wearing an RIP [Rest in Peace] pin. Now, they're wearing four or five RIP pins. That's what their legacy is."
So you have been in the saddle all day and have ridden several hundred miles and now just want to kick back, open a beer and watch a film. Here's RideApart's arbitrary list of 10 motorcycle films that you may have never seen or even heard of. All of them we think are worth taking a look at.
10. The Wild One (1953)
This is Lazio Benedek's cult black and white motorcycle club film that shot Marlon Brandon to stardom with their portrayal as moody gang leader Johnny Strabler. The film was based on a magazine story that was published in 1951. The plot is pretty thin. Bike club rides into town led by Strabler during a motorcycle race weekend. The club fall out with the residents and the local police and have to move on to the next town. There's a standoff with another club, more trouble with the police and someone gets killed when Strabler falls off their motorcycle and it hits an innocent person. It all looks pretty tame when compared to some of today's films. But nicely shot with some truly iconic images of 1950's American motorcycle culture that launched a thousand wannabe Johnny Strablers.
9. On Any Sunday (1971)
Considered to be one of the best ever motorcycle sport documentaries ever made, this 1971 film was nominated for an Academy Award. Director Bruce Brown successfully reflected the lives of various types of motorcycle enthusiasts that were racing in motocross, desert racing and the Grand National in the early 1970's. From a motorcycle point of view they are all here – BSA, Harley-Davidson, Triumph, Husqvarna, Honda, Suzuki, Yamaha, Hodaka and Bultaco. The film focuses on the people and what makes them want to ride a motorcycle in competition and features Steve McQueen, AMA legend Mert Lawwill and off-road racer Malcolm Smith. A fascinating glimpse of why people race bikes, any bikes, and still a relevant film today.
8. Electra Glide in Blue (1973)
The open desert roads of Arizona, a pair of Harley-Davidson riding traffic cops called John Wintergreen (Robert Blake) and their partner Zipper (Billy ‘Green' Bush) are on a mission to prove that a suspected suicide is in fact a murder. Not the best plot line in the world but some great motorcycle footage and worth watching on a lazy Sunday afternoon.
7. Choppertown: the Sinners (2005)
An interesting take on Southern California motorcycle culture and life. This award-winning documentary takes a refreshing look at what it takes to build a custom motorcycle with a group of friends. It's not your OC Chopper story but an honest look at why Rico Fodfrey and their So Cal Sinners crew build their bikes. How they do it and why they do it. How they search for parts and re-use parts in clever and innovative ways. These are average guys keeping motorcycle culture alive and who are not interested in building bikes for big bucks but creating motorcycles for themselves.
6. Hells Angels on Wheels (1967)
One of Jack Nicholson's first films which tells the story of a disillusioned gas station attendant who's attracted to the life with the Hells Angels MC. Lots of late 1960's bikes and an attempt at portraying what life in an outlaw motorcycle club was really like then. Several fist fights, an occasional stabbing and an interesting film to watch. Ralph ‘Sonny' Barger, President of the Hells Angels, is credited in the titles as being a consultant to the filmmakers and they play a non-speaking part early on in the film. So it must be true…
5. The Motorcycle Diaries (2004)
Before they became an international icon for revolution, Che Guevara was just a medical student with a big, old Norton 500 that they called La Poderosa (The Mighty One). One day Che (played by Gael Garcia) and their best friend decide to take the Norton on a trip around South America. Much of what they saw in terms of poverty and the lives of the South American peasants led ultimately to Guevara to deciding the revolutionary life was for him. Great script and beautifully shot and the Norton features a lot.
4. Stone (1974)
Don't let the fact this is classed a low-budget film, it's actually quite entertaining. Set in Australia it features an undercover cop (Ken Shorter) who joins an outlaw motorcycle club called The Gravediggers to find out why their members are being murdered one by one. There are quite a lot motorcycles involved included a Norton at the outset followed by a Kawasaki Z1 900cc. Not a seat of your pants film but an interesting snap shot of motorcycle culture outside the U.S.
3. Dust to Glory (2005)
When you've finished watching this you will go straight out and buy yourself an off-road motorcycle and head to Baja. This documentary, which was actually filmed in 2003, follows the Baja 1000 race and all of the competitors through 650 miles of the Mexican desert. There was a huge film crew, several helicopters involved in making this film and the result is pretty spectacular. Not only do the competitors have some fearsome terrain and weather conditions to ride through but they also have to watch out for the spectators that take some pleasure in laying traps for them. Despite being eight years old this is still a riveting watch.
2. Closer To The Edge (2011)
If you've never been to the Isle of Man in May to watch the annual Tourist Trophy, this film is almost the next best thing to being there. Filmed in 2010 you get some truly spectacular footage of the world's greatest motorcycle race. This 104-minute documentary follows racers Guy Martin and Ian Hutchinson in their bid to claim the title of King of the Hill. You won't believe how fast or how dangerous the 37.73 course is. There is no other motorcycle race – or for that any motor sport event – like this and we could watch this over and over again. Ultimately the only thing to do is go and see this astonishing race for yourself. You won't regret it.
1. The World's Fastest Indian (2005)
There are several other films that could be at the number one slot but The World's Fastest Indian is just a great film. Based on the true story of a middle-aged but very determined Kiwi Burt Munro, who against the odds brought their modified Indian scout to Bonneville to set land speed records. It may not be historically accurate but there is a fantastic performance by Anthony Hopkins playing Munro and it takes little time before you start to empathize with this character and the huge challenge they have to overcome to achieve their dream. Lots of motorcycle content and one of those films that you will want to watch again and again.
We're not saying this is the definitive list of all motorcycle films ever made. Just a cross-section of a wide variety of films that have motorcycle content that we think are worth watching. If you've got some better suggestions then let us know.
For several years, the handy ng-annotate has helped save countless developers hours and debugging sessions, by automatically inserting Angular's dependency injection annotations to code instead of developers having to maintain them by hand.
But, alas, it has been deprecated. Read on to understand what that means for your projects currently using it.
You Don't Need to Type Annotations by Hand
Just because ng-annotate is deprecated it doesn't mean it's going to stop working. If it's working for you right now, you can keep using that version and things should work as they have.
But, the “official” successor of ng-annotate is babel-plugin-angularjs-annotate (BPAA).
BPAA is actually a fork of ng-annotate that has been around for a while. While ng-annotate operated on JS source files, and had to be passed ES6 code after transpilation, BPAA is a Babel plugin and so operates as part of the transpilation process, and in a relatively transparent manner.
Given a build process/toolchain that's already set up to use Babel, adding BPAA is often easier than adding ng-annotate. How much easier? You can follow the README I linked to above, but it generally boils down to a single NPM dependency and modifying a single line in your Babel configuration.
Since ng-annotate will no longer be maintained, I recommend switching to BPAA once you get the chance (nothing urgent though). I went through this process at a recent client and it was fairly simple and took less than an hour.
It also seems that BPAA is faster than ng-annotate, which makes for faster build times, that's a small win.
Implicit Detection Considered Harmful
As part of the deprecation, the maintainers of both ng-annotate and BPAA agreed that implicit annotation detection is a bad practice and should be avoided.
What's does that mean? Implicit detection means that the tools try and understand from the code whenever an Angular injectable is being declared and automatically insert annotations for it as needed, without any manual steps necessary by developers.
The maintainers talk about implicit detection causing a lot of problems, and recommend running BPAA with the explicitOnly setting. That setting means that you will need to mark up class constructors like so:
1 2 3 4 5 6 class SomeCtrl { constructor ( $http ) { 'ngInject' ; // <-- BPAA looks for this // ... } }
And same goes for injectable functions:
1 2 3 4 5 angular . module ( 'app' ). config ( function ( $httpProvider ) { 'ngInject' ; // ... });
This might seem weird if this is the first time you come across explicit mark up, but it's easy enough and, along with strict-di, makes it impossible to come across injection bugs in runtime. While it would've been great if these explicit markers weren't necessary, but since in most projects there's at least one use case where they're required I can see the logic of choosing the explicit route for safety.
“But I'm Not Using ES6!”
Well, surprisingly enough, you can incorporate Babel into your build process with BPAA as described above, to replace your existing ng-annotate step.
Babel doesn't have to transpile ES6. If you don't provide it with an ES6 (or ES2015, or whatever) preset, and just configure the BPAA plugin, Babel can be used instead of ng-annotate.
Open source sometimes moves fast, but the important point is that there's a clear and relatively easy way to start using the supported tool (BPAA), and keep saving countless bugs and keystrokes!
Currency is a way for people to exchange value. By itself, the currency does not have a real value. It only carries the symbolic value that people want to put in it. Try to pay with gold or euro in a Papuan tribe and you will understand what I mean.
In order to keep this value to a certain level, the currency should be scarce. The first solution was to use naturally scarce elements like gold. In a more modern way, a central authority « emit » the currency in a limited quantity. To avoid counterfeit money, a bunch of technical measures are taken, including a serial number. You can see those measure on any modern banknote.
But the money becomes increasingly virtual. For most of us, our salary is only a number on a computer screen. One might ask: how to avoid counterfeit money if it's only a number in a computer?
It's indeed a very hard problem. To tackle it, the central authority is constantly watching banks and institutions. There are central regulations. And do you know what? The system is producing counterfeit money anyway but in a legal way. Banks lend more money than what they own. It is easy: just adding some number on a computer. The quantity is regulated by the law but it is counterfeit money anyway.
As we see, virtual money cannot work without a central institution ensuring that there is no double-spending.
Here comes bitcoin. Bitcoin is a free software and a peer-to-peer network when every participant hold a certain number of mathematical objects. Thanks to some cryptographic algorithms, the network ensures that a given mathematical object belongs to one and only one participant. Participants are of course free to exchange those objects, called bitcoins, between themselves.
Without the need for a central authority, bitcoins are in limited quantity and cannot be counterfeit. If only they had some value, we could use them as money.
Wait!
As we said, money has value only because people are willing to accept it against goods. As soon as someone is willing to accept bitcoins for goods, work or anything else, bitcoins start to have a value.
And this is clearly what is happening right now: some people accept bitcoins for webhosting, sextoys or aikido lessons.
The more stuffs you might buy with bitcoin, the more value a bitcoin has.
Anticipating this trend, some people are buying bitcoins now thinking that bitcoin value will raise in the future. As there's a lot of demand to buy bitcoin, the value of bitcoin raise ever more. You probably know that principle: it's called speculation.
In less than 10 months, the bitcoin raised from 0,01€ to nearly 1,3€. But how much of this value is due to the market and how much is due to speculation? What will happen in the future?
There are three possible scenarios: infinite expansion, stable universe or big crunch.
The infinite expansion
That's what die-hard bitcoin fans are expecting. More and more people accept bitcoins as payment, bitcoin value raises a lot in the coming years before stabilizing when it becomes the official money for the entire planet. Government tries to ban bitcoins to keep their own local economic power but fail to do so.
It looks like a very improbable scenario but, who knows?
The big crunch
Like every speculative bubble, it inflates, it inflates until someone wakes up one morning and thinks: « What am I doing? I've spent all my savings into virtual mathematical objects! Let's sell that quickly ». As people start to sell, prices decrease. Seeing the decrease, those with the biggest shares panic and think « I've to sell quickly before everyone else » and prices go down at an insane rate. It might look completely stupid but if people are doing that with startups, why not with bitcoins? Hence came the .com era and the trend to buy for billions companies that don't even have a business model (who said Twitter?).
It could also happen in a more subtle way: people start to get bored. They have enough sextoys and aikido lessons, they don't see what to do with all bitcoins they have. They sell.
The flat universe
Where goes the money in case of a crash? For the .com crash, money was spent paying the rent, the employees and the subcontractors. This money cannot be returned, of course. People worked for you, they were paid. The fact that you asked them to do useless stuffs is not their problem.
With bitcoin, the situation is slightly different in the sense that there's little money actually spent. It means that, if bitcoin explodes as a bubble, there will still be the exact amount of money[1]. In an ideal world, everybody will sell at more or less the price they bought. In the real world, some will be richer, some will be poorer but there will be some kind of balance.
Having a minimal risk makes a panic less likely to happen. Most of the people who buy bitcoins are doing it in a reasonable range. Losing all their bitcoins right now would not be more annoying than losing their wallet. When an Aikido teacher accept a student for bitcoins, it's only one more student. Not a big risk.
Once the speculative bubble pops out, it is certain that prices will decrease, allowing bitcoin detractors to call it a failure or a ponzi scheme[2]. Some will even lose some money, some will earn a lot.
But, in the end, bitcoin market will stabilize itself. The bitcoin community is here to stay, exchanging goods between themselves. At which rate? At which size?
That's a good question. If I only had the slightest idea, I would be buying/selling bitcoins right now.
But there's one thing I'm sure: who would have guessed, in 1887, that Esperanto would be spoken by millions of people? Who would have guessed in 1991 that Linux would have more than 1% market share on desktop computers? That XMPP would be widely used despite MSN/ICQ domination only a few years ago?
If you liked the article, tips are welcome on the following bitcoin address: 18khU9QhmxoSsLpjj3jWYMmdvS9zrTS4WT
If you want to try to earn some bitcoin, please offer your services against bitcoin. You certainly have some talents that people need.
Pictures credits: silly_a1804, epsos.de, melisdramatic
Je suis @ploum, conférencier et écrivain électronique déconnecté rémunérés en prix libre sur Tipeee, Patreon, Paypal, Liberapay ou en millibitcoins 34pp7LupBF7rkz797ovgBTbqcLevuze7LF. Vos soutiens, même symboliques, font une réelle différence pour moi. Merci !
Ce texte est publié sous la licence CC-By BE.
The numbers tell a story, and you can draw the obvious conclusions. Because the mainstream media certainly won't. Keep this statistic in mind the next time some progressive tries to claim voter fraud is not a serious problem.
Huffington Post : “Eight out of the 16 states that have held primaries or caucuses so far have implemented new voter ID or other restrictive voting laws since 2010. Democratic turnout has dropped 37 percent overall in those eight states, but just 13 percent in the states that didn't enact new voter restrictions. To put it another way, Democratic voter turnout was 285 percent worse in states with new voter ID laws.”
The numbers tell a story, and you can draw the obvious conclusions. Because the mainstream media certainly won't. Keep this statistic in mind the next time some progressive tries to claim voter fraud is not a serious problem.
Political Wire quotes the HuffPo:
Huffington Post: “Eight out of the 16 states that have held primaries or caucuses so far have implemented new voter ID or other restrictive voting laws since 2010. Democratic turnout has dropped 37 percent overall in those eight states, but just 13 percent in the states that didn't enact new voter restrictions. To put it another way, Democratic voter turnout was 285 percent worse in states with new voter ID laws.”
Left unsaid: despite the “burden” of obtaining voter ID, GOP turnout was up.
Hat tip: Glenn Reynolds, Instapundit
A judge has suspended the final three years of a man's 12-year rape sentence on condition the attacker completes a Leaving Cert.
Gerard Kane, 36, formerly of Dominic Street in Dún Laoghaire in Dublin, raped a woman after breaking into their home in June 2011.
Kane has spent most of their adult life in prison, with 26 previous convictions for burglaries, robberies, drug possession and assaults.
On the night of the rape, they were on bail for a burglary on the constituency office of former Fianna Fáil minister Barry Andrews.
Five days into the trial, Kane changed their not guilty plea and admitted breaking into the woman's apartment and raping them twice.
Kane threatened to bury the rape victim in the back garden and said they would hang themselves if they went to the gardaí.
As they left the scene, they hugged them and asked for their number so they could take them out to dinner.
Mr Justice Garrett Sheehan paid tribute to the victim.
They said they were an excellent witness who had undergone huge suffering, and had shown great resilience to come to court to recount them experience.
Judge Sheehan imposed a 12-year sentence on Kane, but suspended the final three on condition that Kane completes two years of study for their Leaving Cert, and then an additional two-year educational course.
Our meritocratic society seems increasingly nepotistic and dynastic. There was a Bush or a Clinton in the White House and cabinet for 32 years straight. We're Bill Murray stuck at 6 a.m. in Harold Ramis's comic masterpiece, “Groundhog Day.” As Time's Michael Crowley tweeted on Friday, “Who else is looking forward to potentially TEN more years of obsessing about Hillary Clinton's past, present and future?”
The Clintons don't get defeated. They get postponed.
Just as Hillary clears the Democratic field if they are healthy and runs, a major Romney donor told The Washington Post that “if Jeb Bush is in the race, they clear the field.” Jeb acknowledged in Long Island on Monday, referring to their mom's tart comment that “if we can't find more than two or three families to run for higher office, that's silly,” that “it's an issue for sure.” They added, “It's something that, if I run, I would have to overcome that. And so will Hillary, by the way. Let's keep the same standards for everybody.”
Actually, I tend to favor the bifactional ruling party presenting the tattered remnants of the nation with a choice between Clinton II and Bush III . Nothing could better illustrate the facade of "democracy" that misleads the American electorate.It is impossible to listen to either the politicians or the corporate gatekeepers and conclude that we are living in anything that even remotely approximates a "meritocracy". Best and brightest? Hardly. This is government by con men, rule by the most shameless.
Labels: politics
A soldier directs people upstairs inside the Westgate mall after a shootout in Nairobi. (Photo11: Kabir Dhanji, EPA) Story Highlights Gunmen threw grenades and opened fire Saturday at a mall in Kenya
The upscale mall in Nairobi was hosting a children's day event, witnesses said
A local hospital was overwhelmed with the number of wounded
At least 39 people were killed during a Saturday afternoon shooting rampage at a shopping mall in an upscale district of Nairobi. The attack is believed to be orchestrated by extremists against non-Muslim Kenyans and Westerners in the area.
At least 150 were also injured, says Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta, who also reported the current death toll. They said they lost some family members in the attack
Somali militant group al-Shabaab claimed responsibility on Twitter for the deadly shooting, which was allegedly carried out by five to 10 gunmen with AK-47s and other sophisticated weapons. Al-Shabaab said the attack was retribution for Kenyan forces' 2011 push into Somalia and threatened more violence.
"The Mujahideen entered #Westgate Mall today at around noon and are still inside the mall, fighting the #Kenyan Kuffar inside their own turf," the group said on Twitter.
"What Kenyans are witnessing at #Westgate is retributive justice for crimes committed by their military," the group said.
FIRST PERSON: Close friends in mortal danger at Kenya mall
Early Sunday morning, 12 hours after the attack began, gunmen remained holed up inside the mall with an unknown number of hostages. Kenyatta called the security operation "delicate" and said safeguarding hostages was a top priority.
CLOSE Gunmen threw grenades and opened fire at an upscale mall in Kenya's capital on Saturday, killing at least 39 people. Witnesses say the attackers targeted non-Muslims. A Somali extremist group claimed responsibility. (Sept. 21) AP
Americans were among those injured at the Westgate mall shooting, according to a statement from Marie Harf, deputy spokesperson for the State Department.
"We have reports of American citizens injured in the attack, and the U.S. Embassy is actively reaching out to provide assistance," they said. "Due to privacy considerations, we have no further comment on American citizens at this time." No Americans were reported killed.
Two Canadians, including a diplomat, were among the dead, according to the prime minister's office. French authorities said two French women were killed.
In a separate statement, a White House spokesperson said some staff members at the U.S. Embassy in Kenya have been "tragically affected" by the attack. No other information was provided.
"The perpetrators of this heinous act must be brought to justice, and we have offered our full support to the Kenyan Government to do so," Caitlin Hayden, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council, said in the statement
The U.N. Security Council condemned "in the strongest possible terms today's terrorist attack in Nairobi."
The attack began on Saturday afternoon, according to Kenya's Daily Nation. Gunmen tossed grenades and opened fire as panicking shoppers fled the building, some jumping down one story from the second floor of the mall to escape, witnesses told the paper.
Nairobi Police Chief Benson Kibue deemed the shooting "a terrorist attack."
Soldiers are on guard inside the Westgate mall after a shootout in Nairobi. (Photo11: Kabir Dhanji, EPA)
Witnesses told local and national news media that the gunman asked Muslims to leave before opening fire. Kenya is 83% Christian with a sizable Muslim community — about 11% of its 44 million people.
The gunmen carried AK-47s and wore vests with hand grenades on them, Manish Turohit, 18, who hid in a parking garage for two hours, told the Associated Press.
"They just came in and threw a grenade. We were running and they opened fire. They were shouting and firing," they said after marching out of the mall in a line of 15 people who all held their hands in the air.
As night fell in Kenya's capital, hostages remained inside the mall, but officials didn't say how many people were held captive. Army special forces troops had moved inside the mall as well.
Off-duty Sgt. Major Frank Mugungu told the AP that they saw four male attackers and one female, and that they could clearly identify one of the gunmen as a Somali, though they could not identify the rest.
Military cordoned off the building in the heart of the upscale Westlands district, which is home to upper-class Kenyans and expatriate Westerners — many of whom work for the United Nations — and a locale frequented by tourists.
A local organization was hosting a party for children at the Israeli-owned Westgate mall on Saturday. The mall is also a popular nightspot for hip, young Kenyans who gather there to watch movies or eat at restaurants there.
It is on Kenya's watch list as a site for attacks, along with its towering conference center and Western hotels such as the Hilton.
People who had been hiding during the gun battle hold their hands in the air as a precautionary measure before being searched by armed police leading them to safety, inside the Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya on Sept. 21, 2013. (Photo11: Jonathan Kalan, AP)
Like most shopping mall complexes in Nairobi, it is manned by security personnel at its entrance, checking bags and shoppers with metal detectors. But locals noted repeatedly in the aftermath of the attacks that these are just cursory checks and that the security guards are no match for armed gunman.
Still, security in the city is tight because of prior attacks in the past two decades, including one on the U.S. Embassy by al-Qaeda in 1998 that killed more than 200 people. Besides the threat of terrorism, the city faces its own internal threats — sometimes called "Nairobbery" — arising from extreme poverty and income inequality.
Crime and corruption are among the biggest concerns of the locals. The city is one of the most dangerous urban areas in sub-Saharan Africa. Although the situation is better than a decade ago, most middle-class and wealthy urban dwellers refrain from walking on city streets after dark, a situation that has led to the popularity of the city's shopping malls in its rich western districts as quasi-entertainment centers.
Contributing: Jabeen Bhatti from Berlin; the Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1f3pUwL
In what has become a Silicon Valley rite of spring, the filing period for special visas allowing overseas workers to apply for U.S. jobs requiring specialized skills ended after just a few days on Friday. The Department of Homeland Security's U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services division said it had stopped accepting filings, which have exceeded the 85,000 in H-1B visas per year that the government issues.
The USCIS could not say yet how many applications it has received, though in recent years it has received multiple applications for each opening. The government will hold a lottery after it processes the petitions to determine who will receive the coveted visas.
H-1B visas have become a charged issue. Tech companies say they cannot fill skilled positions with domestic talent, retraining economic growth. Critics say that companies use the visas to undercut U.S. workers, and pay less to employees from overseas. President Trump has criticized the program as a source of cheap labor,
The Department of Homeland Security threw applicants a curve all this year, with a memo filed just before the application window opened -- and after some had likely mailed in their applications. The government outlined some new get-tough provisions on Friday. A new memo questioned circumstances in which the job of programmer would qualify as a specialty occupation, and did not appear to give companies enough time to file a new application that would address the government's concerns.
"Homeland Security issued the memo at a time when it would be too late to revise an application, as the vast majority were filed on [March 31] prior to the memo's release to the public," said Mark Koestler, co-chair of the Business Immigration Group at law firm Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP.
Employers who are filing H-1Bs first have to make a filing regarding the wages they would pay with the Department of Labor, which takes seven days for approval. The latest government memo suggested that a programmer might need a specialized bachelors degree and be able to perform complex coding to qualify. A candidate who performed basic programming or had a 2-year degree might not qualify. But because the document came out Friday, there isn't time for applicants to make a new filing.
Given more notice of the government's concerns, applicants could have bolstered their arguments or applied for posts that would more clearly qualify as a specialty occupation, such as systems analyst or a software engineer. The biggest impact will be on applications for programmers placed by big outsourcing companies, who hire for third-party companies.
"Those who have filed petitions for programmers are going to receive extra scrutiny," Koestler said.
The government issues just 85,000 H-1B visas a year; last year, there were 236,000 applicants. On Monday, Homeland Security's U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services began accepting applications for the visas, which allow overseas workers to take jobs in tech, healthcare and other sectors. Last year was the fourth year in a row that the application window closed after just a few days.
The biggest users of H-1Bs are outsourcing companies like Tata, Infosys (INFY) and Cognizant (CTSH) , but tech giants including IBM (IBM) , Microsoft (MSFT) , Amazon (AMZN) , Intel (INTC) , Alphabet's (GOOGL) Google and Apple (AAPL) were among the top 20 in 2013 stats Howard University professor Ron Hira, who testified before Congress on H-1B visas last year.
H-1Bs were among the programs that Trump targeted on the campaign trail. Depending on whom you ask, the visas either fill a skills gap that plagues the tech sector, or allow corporations to undercut U.S. workers with lower-paid replacements from overseas.
What will move markets this quarter and how should investors position themselves ahead of time? Jim Cramer sat down with four of TheStreet's top columnists recently to get their views. Click here to listen to their latest Trading Strategies roundtable with them and read their advice for stocks, bonds, forex and gold.
Homeland Security announced that it's targeting companies that abuse the immigration program. Employers can expect visits from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, among other measures.
"Protecting American workers by combating fraud in our employment-based immigration programs is a priority for USCIS," the government said in a notice on Monday. The USCIS will keep an eye out for companies with especially high ratios of H-1B visa holders to U.S. staffers, as well as employers that have a large number of H-1B staffers who work off-site. The government also set up a special email address (ReportH1bAbuse@uscis.dhs.gov) for whistleblowers to report suspected infractions.
In addition, the USCIS said it's taking another look at occupations eligible for the visas, and the Department of Justice warned employers not to discriminate against U.S. workers.
The warnings will not likely resolve longstanding political disputes over the impact of the H-1B program on the job market, however, Height Securities LLC analyst Peter Cohn suggested in a Tuesday note.
Editor's note: Updated from April 7 with additional information.
Businessman and reality TV star Kevin O'Leary has launched a new committee and website that they say will help “identify a path to victory for their potential Conservative Leadership.”
O'Leary, who has spent the last several months dancing around the question of whether they will join the race to replace former prime minister Stephen Harper, appears to be taking more concrete steps as 2016 draws to a close.
O'Leary's nine-member exploratory committee includes some big names, like former Ontario Premier Mike Harris and former Senator Marjory LeBreton. The group's chair is conservative activist Mike Coates, who directed Harper's debate preparation and strategy team for their leadership campaign and three successive elections.
“A key element of this plan will be to harness O'Leary's broad appeal and unleash a national movement of supporters who know Kevin is the only one who can beat Justin Trudeau,” according to a release issued by O'Leary's camp early Friday.
A website, OlearyforCanada.ca, is also being launched “to mobilize public support.” Visitors are asked whether they would support the business person as the next Conservative leader, and whether they are currently members of the party or not.
O'Leary began floating the idea that they might run last winter, and has largely focused on economic issues in media interviews and public statements made since that time. In September, a poll revealed that they were an early favourite to win the race, in spite of the fact that they haven't even entered it.
WATCH: Plane Talk with Kevin O'Leary
There are currently 14 candidates officially in the race, and two debates have already taken place — one in English and the other in French. O'Leary does not speak French, something that Quebec contender Maxime Bernier says should disqualify him.
But O'Leary has said that young Quebecers are almost all bilingual, making it unnecessary for a Tory leader to speak French.
If the former Dragons' Den judge wants to join the field, they must do so before Feb. 24. He'll need to pay a $25,000 registration fee and a $50,000 compliance deposit immediately upon filing their papers, and he'll also need 300 signatures of party members from at least 30 ridings in at least seven provinces or territories to enter the race.
According to Friday's release, the committee will consult with Conservative Party members, the party's caucus and voters, and will report back to O'Leary “early in 2017.”
A former Trump campaign aide has agreed to plead guilty to misleading federal investigators — and their testimony could potentially bring down Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
George Papadopoulos, a foreign policy advisor, accepted an Oct. 5 plea agreement announced Monday — the same day indictments against Paul Manafort and Rick Gates were unsealed.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos learned from a Russian professor that the Kremlin possessed “dirt” on Hillary Clinton obtained from thousands of stolen emails.
They told investigators they learned about the hacked emails before joining the campaign — but they later admitted to lying and agreed to cooperate with the special counsel probe as part of their guilty plea.
According to court documents, the professor only took an interest in Papadopoulos after they joined the Trump campaign in March 2016.
Three days after joining the campaign as a volunteer advisor, Papadopoulos sent an email to seven campaign officials with the subject line: “Meeting with Russian Leadership – Including Putin.”
They emailed then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in April 2016 saying “Putin wants to host the Trump team when the time is right,” and they emailed Lewandowski and another campaign adviser, Sam Clovis, on May 4, 2016, to ask again about setting up a meeting.
Papadopoulos met in late April 2016 with the Russian professor, who revealed the stolen emails, and investigators said the Trump advisor then shared the information with a “high-ranking campaign official” and “senior policy advisor” the following day.
That's about six weeks before a British intermediary approached Donald Trump Jr. with a similar offer from a Russian attorney.
Russia continued trying to arrange meetings with the campaign — including Trump themselves — through Papadopoulos for weeks, including a June 1, 2016, conversation the advisor had with a top campaign official who referred them to a “campaign supervisor.”
It's not clear from the court documents which two top campaign associates Papadopoulos told about the stolen emails, but there wouldn't have been many possible candidates on the relatively small campaign at that time.
Manafort had joined the Trump campaign on March 29, 2016, to help keep Republican delegates loyal to the real estate developer and former reality TV star, and they were promoted to campaign chairperson May 19.
Papadopoulos would have reported to Sessions, then a U.S. Senator from Alabama, who oversaw the Trump campaign's foreign policy advisory committee and would have signed off on Papadopoulos and other unconventional candidates on the team.
Donald Trump announced their foreign policy team during a March 21, 2016, meeting with the Washington Post editorial board, and described Papadopoulos as “an energy and oil consultant, excellent guy.”
The advisory committee surprised and baffled foreign policy experts, who hadn't heard of many of the advisors — who, for their part, were unable to describe exactly how they were helping Trump.
Sessions had hands-on involvement with the advisory committee Papadopoulos sat on, according to Stephen Miller — the senator's communications director and, after the election, a senior advisor to the president.
“For first time, Miller detailed the effort Sessions has poured into this new role,” gushed Breitbart News on March 17, 2016, in a recap of an appearance on Fox News.
“Jeff Sessions has been meeting for hours now putting together a team of foreign policy advisers, military experts, [and] intelligence experts,” Miller told “The Kelly Files.” “I had a chance to speak to Sen. Sessions today and their military advisers for about half an hour before coming here and we discussed some robust foreign policy ideas.”
Sessions recused themselves from overseeing the Justice Department probe March 2, 2017, after news reports showed they met twice during the campaign with the Russian ambassador — which appear to contradict statements they made during their confirmation hearings.
They met with the Russian ambassador and a small group of other diplomats after speaking at an event hosted by the Heritage Foundation during the Republican National Convention, in July 2016.
Sessions also met with the ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, at their Senate office on Sept. 8, 2016, but they insist that meeting was one of many they took with other ambassadors as part of their official duties on Capitol Hill.
They admit to speaking with the ambassadors about the presidential election, but they said those conversations were superficial.
Less than two weeks ago, Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) grilled Sessions on their shifting explanations for their conversations with Kislyak.
“How your responses morphed from, ‘I did not have any communications with the Russians,' to, ‘I did not discuss the political campaign,' and then finally going to, ‘I did not discuss interference in the election'— that to me is moving the goal post every time,” Franken said. “By the end, we're going to a 75-yard field goal.”
“Saying, ‘I didn't discuss interfering in the election is your last statement,' that's a very different bar than, ‘I can tell you I did not meet with any Russians,'” they added.
After Sessions' recusal, deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein oversaw the Justice Department probe of alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Rosenstein then appointed special counsel Robert Mueller in May 2017 after the president fired former FBI director James Comey.
It's not clear whether Papadopoulos, who was introduced to the Trump campaign by Ben Carson, has damaging information on Sessions or anyone else — but their testimony was apparently worth a plea deal from the special counsel.
From the first race of the 2014 season, Bridgestone will employ a new colour marking system for its MotoGP™ tyres, to make it easier for spectators to see which front and rear tyre options each rider is using at a given time.
The change in the tyre marking system has been devised in response to the Factory and Open-class machines having access to different rear slick options over a race weekend.
The old marking system denoted the softer option tyre at each race with a white stripe, regardless of the compound specification of that tyre. The new system means that each of the four slick tyre compounds - Extra-soft, Soft, Medium and Hard – will have its own particular colour for the whole race season.
This change will make it easier for fans to distinguish between the Factory and Open-class tyre allocation, and also distinguish the different front and rear tyre combinations available to riders over a race weekend.
The colour scheme for the 2014 Bridgestone MotoGP slick tyres is as follows:
Extra-soft compound: Green
Soft compound: White
Medium compound: Black (no stripe)
Hard compound: Red
As only two options of wet tyre will be offered for each MotoGP round; wet tyres will still adopt the previous marking system with the plain, black tyre denoting the harder option, while the softer option will be marked with a white stripe.
Hiroshi Yamada – Manager, Bridgestone Motorsport Department:
“The new tyre marking scheme is designed to make it easier for fans to see which tyre compound each rider is using on the front and rear of the bike. Before last year when the whole grid was on the same tyre compounds, our old marking system worked perfectly. Since the introduction of the CRT class, and now the grid being split between the Factory and Open-class machines, we've decided to change the marking system to suit. Last year, when our marking system used the white stripe to denote the softer option for each class, the audience needed to know if a rider was a Factory or CRT bike to know which compound was being used. Now, even if our audience doesn't necessarily know the difference between a Factory and Open class bike, by matching distinct colours to each of our tyre compounds they will be able to tell the exact tyre choice of each rider.”
“We must also consider that the growing popularity of MotoGP means more and more new fans are tuning in to watch races, and we feel that this new system will make it easier to understand the riders' tyre choice and add an extra dimension to the MotoGP coverage.”
The Nation: "The Question" Had To Be Asked
Enlarge this image toggle caption Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
John Nichols is a writer for The Nation.
Fifteen years ago, then House Speaker Newt Gingrich was arguing that President Clinton's personal foibles were fair game for political debate, and ultimately justification for impeachment.
Now, as they seek the Republican presidential nomination as a "moral values" candidate, Gingrich is suddenly facing charges — raised by their ex-wife — about their personal foibles. Those questions arose on the eve of the final debate before the critical South Carolina primary, in which Gingrich has surged to a top-tier position.
CNN's John King faced a basic journalistic challenge: Ask the question that's on everyone's mind, and face Gingrich's fury, or avoid it, and give Gingrich the sort of break that reporters used to provide "player" politicians. Of course, there are more important issues than Newt Gingrich's adultery. And there would have been little justification for asking "the question" if Gingrich's ex-wife had not just given an interview to ABC News in which they painted the "moral values" candidate as a heartless sleazeball who dumped a first wife with cancer and a second wife with MS.
Don't get me wrong: I would much rather wrangle over the issue of corporate personhood with Mitt Romney, or sort through the vagaries of the Austrian School of economics with Ron Paul, than learn anything more than I already know about Newt Gingrich's personal life.
And don't think that I am suggesting that King's questioning necessarily hurt Gingrich. In fact, the former speaker's media-bashing response to the indelicate inquiry probably helped Gingrich with a substantial segment of the South Carolina Republican electorate.
But Marianne Gingrich's decision to talk about how Newt dumped her, and why, forced the issue.
There was no way to avoid King correctly referred to as a "damned if do you, damned if you don't" circumstance.
"I understood that if I asked the question they were not going to be happy with it, and they were going to turn on me," King said with regard to criticism they took for asking the toughest question for Gingrich right at the start of the debate. "It was my judgment, my decision, and mine alone," said King. "If we're going to deal with it, let's deal with it up front."
So King asked the question. And then things got ugly.
JOHN KING: And just as speaker Gingrich surged into contention here in South Carolina, a direct fresh character attack... Mr. Speaker, I want to start with that this evening.
As you know, your ex-wife gave an interview to ABC News and another interview with The Washington Post. And this story has now gone viral on the internet.
In it, they say that you came to them in 1999, at a time when you were having an affair. They say you asked her, sir, to enter into an open marriage.
Would you like to take some time to respond to that?
GINGRICH: No, but I will.
(APPLAUSE)
GINGRICH: I think the destructive, vicious, negative nature of much of the news media makes it harder to govern this country, harder to attract decent people to run for public office. And I am appalled that you would begin a presidential debate on a topic like that.
(APPLAUSE)
KING: Is that all you want to say, sir?
GINGRICH: Let me finish.
KING: Please.
GINGRICH: Every person in here knows personal pain. Every person in here has had someone close to them go through painful things. To take an ex-wife and make it two days before the primary a significant question for a presidential campaign is as close to despicable as anything I can imagine.
(APPLAUSE)
My — my two daughters — my two daughters wrote the head of ABC and made the point that it was wrong, that they should pull it, and I am frankly astounded that CNN would take trash like that and use it to open a presidential debate.
(APPLAUSE)
KING: As you noted, Mr. Speaker, this story did not come from our network. As you also know, it is a subject of conversation on the campaign. I'm not — I get your point. I take your point.
GINGRICH: John, John, it was repeated by your network. You chose to start the debate with it. Don't try to blame somebody else. You and your staff chose to start this debate with it.
(APPLAUSE)
Let me be quite clear. Let me be quite clear. The story is false. Every personal friend I have who knew us in that period said the story was false. We offered several of them to ABC to prove it was false. They weren't interested because they would like to attack any Republican. They're attacking the governor. They're attacking me. I'm sure they'll presently get around to Senator Santorum and Congressman Paul.
I am tired of the elite media protecting Barack Obama by attacking Republicans.
(APPLAUSE)
Gingrich drew cheers from the partisan crowd at the GOP debate in North Charleston. But it's not as if the audiences at GOP debates have distinguished themselves as sound judges of character — or right and wrong.
So did King do the right thing? For the most part, yes.
Aside from a bumbling attempt to employ the old journalistic dodge of suggesting they were just asking a question about another media outlet's story — for which they took an appropriate hit from Gingrich — the CNN host handled things well.
They acted as a journalist not a softball pitcher.
King asked an unpleasant question. They got booed.
But, even if the crowd was on Gingrich's side, King's questioning revealed the extent of Gingrich's delusion.
The man who raised tough questions about Bill Clinton's shaky claim to moral authority" blamed a media personality for asking tough questions about their shaky claim to moral authority. Then Gingrich announced that they were "tired of the elite media protecting Barack Obama by attacking Republicans."
Reasonable people can debate whether Obama has been "protected" by the media.
On Thursday night, however, that wasn't what Newt Gingrich was really complaining about.
What they were really complaining about was John King's refusal to protect Newt Gingrich.
There are, to be sure, more important issues on which to press these candidates: questions about corporate personhood, poverty programs and racial stereotyping. But an important part of moderating a debate, any debate, is to ask the candidates questions they do not want to answer. And, though they had to know that Newt Gingrich would go nuclear, King went ahead and asked the question.
Good. Debates are not supposed to provide candidates with forums for reciting talking points. They are supposed to make candidates squirm and, for all their bombast and bravado, Newt was squirming Thursday night.
Cambridge Analytica has finally responded (past deadline, after some threatening emails) to requests by individuals all over Europe and the United States for a copy of their data. I give here some advice on how to go further, and offer a template for responding at the bottom.
Cambridge Analytica's response included specific instructions on payment and required identity proofs (copy/pastable version, if you need the bank account numbers):
First, a couple comments about this:
The data compliance obligation is passed on to the “parent” company, SCL Group. This is very significant, as SCL Group is a company registered in the UK, while Cambridge Analytica is officially registered in the US. EU data protection laws are stronger, and this will greatly facilitate proving their applicability to US citizens in this particular case. This being said, SCL Group does not specify which regulation they will use (“applicable laws and regulations”), and this should be clarified with them.
Secondly, you have a lot more rights than just accessing your data.
I suggest to those who wish to send this template to data.compliance@sclgroup.cc, alongside a photo ID and two proofs of identity, and in addition to the 10 GBP fee.
I cannot foresee any direct negative consequence to doing so, except losing 10 GBP. Be warned, however, that I am not a lawyer. (Note: this request was updated April 2nd 2017, in light of the first responses: two longish paragraphs were added towards the end, explicitly setting bounds on trade secret and third party privacy exemptions).
Dear Data Compliance Team at SCL Group,
Under the purview of EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and Data Protection Act 1998, I wish to:
know whether your company or any of its processors hold any of my personal data (this includes Cambridge Analytica and other companies in the SCL Group); know the legal basis of such processing, for each of those companies holding my data (if you rely on consent, please be specific on when I might have given consent and how); know how you classify this data into the different categories recognized by applicable data protection regimes; know for what purposes you process this data; know the legal bases of potential transfers of such personal data to the United States, for each vendor; for each vendor, obtain my own identifiers within that vendor's systems; for each data point, obtain full information as to its source; get an explanation on the “logic of the processing” of my personal data; get a list of recipients of my personal data; obtain a copy of all my personal data.
I remind you that the deadline to respond to this request is 40 calendar days. I trust that in light of the seriousness of the issue, you will faithfully respect this deadline.
I remind you that no exemption exists in UK Data Protection Act for the right of access with respect to trade secrets (see doi.org/10.1093/idpl/ipv030 Trade Secrets v Personal Data: a possible solution for balancing rights, page 6, bottom 1st column). This exception only applies to the “logic of the processing” disclosure, and even than has to be interpreted in the narrowest sense. As a consequence, you would still need to disclose intermediate stored data computed as part of the profiling, as well as give a sense of the “logic of the processing”, without explicitly disclosing the algorithms used.
In addition, I remind you that any limitation on the access right in the UK Data Protection Act regarding the privacy of others (i.e. Article 7.4) is expressly limited to the protection of individuals and therefore does not apply to the protection of the identity of other companies or legal persons that your company would have contracted with, either as a source or recipient of my personal data. Corporate privacy rights have never been recognised in UK law (or US law, for that matter). Therefore, if you have the information I ask for in points 6, 7 and 9, you have to disclose it. I understand that some communications with those third parties might include personal information of other individuals (names of officers at those companies for instance). In this case, Article 7.5 of the DPA provides a very clear basis: only very limited information should be excised (names and other identifying information of those individuals), but all the rest of the data, i.e. all my personal data, should be given to me.
To conclude, I particularly wish to attract your attention to the “General provisions relating to offences” articles in the Data Protection Act 1988, as they pertain to liabilities by body corporates, but also the personal liability of any officer in such body.
Sincerely Yours,
<FIRST NAME, LAST NAME as on the voter rolls>
<ADDRESS as on the voter rolls>
<DATE OF BIRTH>
<EMAIL>
Good luck!!!
Assistance
Apparently, even with the process streamlined this far (which really wasn't easy), Cambridge Analytica is still failing to meet its legal obligations. If you need legal assistance, a pro-bono lawyer has stepped up. Please contact us directly for more information.
Thanks for reading! My name is Paul-Olivier Dehaye, I am a mathematician at the University of Zurich, and the co-founder of PersonalData.IO. I have contributed a lot of the research behind the VICE article The Data That Turned the World Upside Down, and written on my own about Cambridge Analytica's microtargeting of low information voters and the (dis)information mercenaries now controlling Trump's databases.
Mark Levin has one word for Trump's climate speech: ‘magnificent'
President Donald Trump speaks about the U.S. role in the Paris climate change accord, Thursday, June 1, 2017, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. Pablo Martinez Monsivais | AP Photo
Trump's speech explaining why the U.S. is withdrawing from the Paris climate accords was “magnificent,” says Conservative Review Editor-in-Chief Mark Levin.
Levin said that the president's speech was simple and directed straight at the American people, who now understand the devastating effect the Paris agreement would have had on their livelihoods.
Listen:
As Levin points out, the real goal of progressives supporting the Paris accords was not to reverse climate change. It was to use the power of government to redistribute wealth.
Don't miss an episode of LevinTV. Sign up now!
​He's sure to be the top coaching target on the market, if they return to coaching.
Bruce Arians is a brilliant offensive mind and a very successful NFL coach. While he's never taken the Cardinals to the Super Bowl, they've always been a good and competitive team during their tenure.
It appears their days in Arizona are numbered, though, because there are reports that this is Arians' last season in the desert.
Sources tell @abc15 sports director @FouhyOnSports that Bruce Arians will not return as Cardinals coach next season: https://t.co/WJNALF5ZZD pic.twitter.com/vVWS7FsJ9T — ABC15 Sports (@abc15sports) October 24, 2017
According to the sports director at ABC15, Arians isn't interested in returning as the head coach of the Cardinals next season.
With Carson Palmer and Larry Fitzgerald nearly at the end of their contracts, it seems like the end of an era in Arizona.
Arian has some health issues, and he's up there in years. He's been coaching for 40 years, and could totally hang things up after the season. Expect Arians to go the way of Bill Cowher and Jon Gruden, by moving on but still drawing a ton of interest from teams.
Unless the perfect situation arises, I can't see them returning to coaching.
Gordon Campbell on D-Day for dairy at the TPP
July 30th, 2015
While New Zealand may feel flattered at being called “the Saudi Arabia of milk” it would be more accurate to regard us as the suicide bombers of free trade. Ever since the Uruguay Round kicked off in the 1980s New Zealand has set a socially self destructive, tactically inept, tariff cutting example that few other countries have felt inclined to emulate – and this last round of the TPP talks has surely been no exception. It does us no tactical favours to demonise say, Canadian dairy farmers for their domestic quota system of price support. In fact, Japan is the real problem for us – and New Zealand and Canada share a common interest in getting a reasonable degree of market entry for dairy in Asian markets to justify the trade-offs they are being expected to make in other areas.
Before getting into the detail of that, it might pay for New Zealand to get some idea of how it is being perceived within ther TPP context. Peter Clark is a Canadian lawyer and leading North American commentator on international trade – in the 1990s, they advised the Canadian negotiation team for the NAFTA trade deal. Yesterday, in their Ipolitics column, Clark had some interesting observations to offer on New Zealand:
The buzz around the Westin [hotel in Maui] is that the New Zealand dairy industry — Fonterra, a near-monopoly protected by Competition Law administration which would never fly in North America or Europe — is pessimistic about limited access to dairy markets in the U.S., Canada, Japan and now Mexico.
What does New Zealand have to offer in return? Compare New Zealand's population to city populations around the world; it's a safe bet that, since 2012, the country's entire population has been outstripped by any one of handful of fast-growing Chinese cities. When it comes to assessing concessions, size does matter. With a population density of 16.32 per square kilometre, New Zealand does not offer a very attractive market.
New Zealand dairy producers are no doubt concerned about Japan's offer to Australia on rice. Media reports from Japan indicate Australia was offered access equivalent to 12 per cent of the offer to the U.S. And the total package was equivalent to one per cent of Japanese consumption. This is not good news for New Zealand.
Indeed. In this column too, I've used Japan's bargaining position on rice as a rough indicator of what its likely offer on dairy will be. On imported rice, the US started off asking Japan for a quota of 175,000 tonnes; instead Japan is offering the US 50,000 increasing to 70,000 tonnes over a ten year period and – as Clark says – is offering Australia roughly one eighth of that 70,000 for an all up figure of around 80,000. That's still less than half of what the US alone was originally seeking.
This rice exercise is instructive in that it exemplifies how the TPP is proceeding – essentially, this is a bilateral between Japan and the US, with a few scraps on the side for everyone else. The US operates a ‘hub and spoke' negotiation method with every other TPP nation one-to-one, purely in order to discern their bottom lines. Touchingly, Trade Minister Tim Groser thinks this means they enjoy a special relationship with the US. (What a pushover.) Overnight, I contacted Clark and asked them what he's been hearing about the Japanese offer on dairy. Their reply a few hours ago was this, based on contact with the Japanese farm lobby JA Zenchu:
The Japanese said their government have agreed to provide a TRQ [ a quota with a designated tariff schedule] of 70-75 000 tons for dairy. This TRQ will be offered to the entire TPP group. However, it seems that this will be a global TRQ for any kind of dairy exports whether it's butter, cheese or something else, the product will be converted into milk equivalent. NZ is said to be unhappy with that proposal.
And again, even more recently :
I heard tonight 70,000 MT total for all TPP members. Something strange about product levels. Think there are none. I told the Pork people that there would be little left after US got what it wanted. Fonterra people here are a gloomy lot.
Fonterra's gathering gloom is for very good reason. If there is no further movement from Japan, and the Canadians don't suddenly capitulate ….which is unlikely given that (a) Canada has an election coming up, (b) its dairy industry reportedly adds $19 billion annually to the country's GDP and provides 214,000 jobs with 49% of all Canada's dairy farms being in Quebec and given that (c) Canada already has bilateral trade pacts with most of the other TPP members. Meaning: it has some incentive to horse trade on the TPP, but none at all to give away the entire horse.
New Zealand has more at stake here – and it has left itself with fewer cards to play, thanks to our naïve willingness to unilaterally dismantle our own trade barriers. A 70,000 dairy quota – even if it was divvied up purely between Canada and New Zealand – would again, be just scraps from the table. Such a result on dairy simply cannot justify New Zealand's acceptance of higher prices for medicines, patents, other IP measures etc and for extensions to our term of copyright that will solely serve the interests of the US entertainment industry interests. Not to mention the infringement of sovereignty that will be involved in our embrace of investor state dispute mechanisms and the whole panoply of international arbitration panels – if and when foreign multinationals should ever happen to feel displeased about the impact of our laws on their bottom lines.
So far, the local reportage on the likely TPP medicines outcome – we'll be paying more for medicines in future, since we will have slower access to generics because patent terms arte extended – has not conveyed the additional bad news that these extra costs will be incurred in the cutting edge treatments aka ‘biologics.' The US originally wanted a 12 year patent protection period for biologics, but is now offering seven – the Australian position has been that a five year patent period should be the TPP standard.
Those medicines are now at the front line of treatments for diseases including cancer, HIV/AIDS, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, hepatitis B and multiple sclerosis. The original US proposal, as set out in texts leaked as recently as May, would have resulted in a “devastating impact on global health”, medical humanitarian organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres said on Friday.
The TPP promises benefits for farmers and service providers in Australia but doctors, public health advocates and economists have been outraged by US moves to use it as a vehicle to extend drug company monopolies over expensive biologic drugs.
Again, It's quite hard to see what any of this has to do with “ free” trade. Time and again within the TPP, the process has been far more about cementing US corporate advantage in place. As things stand, New Zealand and Canada are being hung out to dry on dairy access. They can either cave in and accept the scraps on offer, or dig in. Come Saturday, the closing TPP communique in Maui will – no doubt – be attempting to declare victory amid a fair level of ongoing dissent. So, expect a communiqué that will announce agreement on a TPP ‘framework' with more work still to be done. And no doubt, that old cliché about ‘significant progress' being made will be once more pressed into service.
Footnote : BTW, is it really all that great being the “ Saudi Arabia of milk” when there's a global dairy glut, and commodity prices are plunging? And as for Tim Groser's comment on TPP critics yesterday : “We need adults to do this, not breathless children to run off at the mouth when the deal is not actually finished.” Yep, that does just about take the cake for ministerial arrogance.
Second footnote Correction: the respected Canadian trade commentator Peter Clark advises that they are not in fact a trade lawyer, and their role with respect to Canada's NAFTA team was advisory, and not as a negotiator per se.
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original url
Over the years I have had many amazing creative opportunities. More than a few have come because of working with Patton Oswalt. I first heard Patton mention me in a tweet years ago and then later in an Empire magazine article while promoting the film Young Adult. The most flattering mention was when they wrote a post about me on their blog. It is quite surreal when someone who's work you enjoy so much expresses an appreciation of what you do. Patton first commissioned me to create a line of figures where I imagined a world where Star Wars had been directed by the famous exploitation filmmaker Russ Meyer and all the characters would have their genders reversed. The line was called “Faster Empire. Strike! Strike!” Next, they hired me to create a line where Star Wars existed in a Mad Max-esque post-apocalyptic world. The line was called “Road Wars”.
We had kicked around a few ideas of what to do next and then Patton threw down the gauntlet and said, “What if you did Wes Anderson does Star Wars”. I was simultaneously terrified and excited. I have found that my best work comes when I am intimidated by the idea of the commission. Over the years I have never done a line that has been done by someone else first. I have tackled Samurai, WW2, Steampunk, Western, and Serials. But, to try to combine my favorite films with one of my favorite directors of all time was a quite intimidating. This fact was compounded by the fact that Wes Anderson has one of the most distinctive filmmaking styles of all time.
This was going to be a real challenge. Many times, when people do these kinds of creations they “mash” things together. That has never been my style and I knew I did not want to simply have the father Royal Tenebaum dressed in black like Darth Vader or do a Bill Murray as Obi Wan. I have worked as a production designer and art director on films, so I decided to tackle this project the way I would if I was lucky enough to work on a Wes Anderson film. I started with a 7-page script that I wrote that allowed me to create a complete narrative with the archetypal characters of Star Wars but in a Wes Anderson style world and story. Once I worked through who my characters where I began to design their look with heavy research on the recurring looks of Wes Anderson costumes but with subtle nods to the Star Wars inspirational characters and colors but muted palette. Patton always likes me to create vehicles, which I did for this line. But I counter proposed an additional idea to Patton that would expand the world I was creating. I pitched the idea of creating a miniature set for the figures to occupy. The sets are as much a character in Wes Anderson films as anyone and their love of miniatures made the idea even more appealing. Patton jumped at the notion and I was off.
The line consists of 11 7′ scale custom figures, a three story diorama, a scratch build truck, and an original movie trailer.
Click on the poster image below to read see all the figures, the diorama, vehicle, and more…
Google has unveiled a new mobile payments system for its growing Indian customer base called Tez that attempts to work with the country's growing UPI standard to reach millions of customers overnight.
Long rumored to be developing a custom mobile payment solution for the unique demands of the Indian market, which is largely made up of inexpensive Android phones without NFC (precluding the use of Android Pay and other like services), Tez uses the UPI standard that has already been adopted by over 50 banks throughout the country.
Tez, which is also available for iOS on day one, links one or more bank accounts to a user's phone, allowing them or them to pay in-store and send money directly to other people. There's built-in two-factor authentication, too, so users don't have to fear being scammed.
While Google is working with merchants like redBus and Domino's to allow for payments of products and services, it has also unveiled an API that will allow all merchants to support Tez down the road. Tez also has a gamified section called Scratch Cards that allow users to randomly win money whenever they use the service.
Finally, Tez supports most major Indian languages, including English, Hindi, Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Marathi, Tamil, and Telugu.
Instruments in museums can enrich our understanding of music history argues our editor: and suggests ten important musical instrument collections
It is, perhaps, a paradox: that a thing designed specifically to make a beautiful sound should be suspended in silence, housed in humidity-controlled, sealed glass cabinets. Look but don't touch. See but don't hear.
Last week South East London's marvellous Horniman Museum announced details of its new keyboard display - called 'At Home With Music', and opening in January – which will focus on domestic keyboard instruments from the past five centuries.
The Horniman, a fascinating cabinet of curiosities writ large, demonstrates exactly why instrument collections are vital, offering a well-contextualised home to, among others, the Dolmetsch Collection of early instruments, and the Boosey and Hawkes collection of wind instruments. There is an obligation - and challenge - for curators of collections of instruments to bring them to life, a test the Horniman passes well; it aims to collect sound and video recordings for each new instrument it acquires, and ‘sound benches' in front of the displays help illuminate what you're looking at.
The Horniman is also about to introduce live musical performances as a regular feature in its instrument gallery, using a newly restored 1772 Jacob Kirckman harpsichord. Not a new idea, but very much to be welcomed. Both the recent (and very shortly to close - so hurry!) exhibition at the National Gallery exploring Vermeer and 17th century Dutch musical life, and the Ashmolean's Stradivarius summer exhibition, rightly incorporated performances as part of the exhibitions. Visitors to Hampstead's Fenton House can hear, and watch, the Benton Fletcher collection of early keyboard instruments being played. Instruments should, where possible, be heard.
But sometimes however, they can't, and perhaps even shouldn't, be played. Sometimes we need objects from the past to reach posterity pristine – as the alternative is often that they don't reach anyone all. Each generation is merely the custodian of artefacts, with a duty of responsibility to our descendants which must override our own desires to touch, handle and hear.
Yet even then we can still admire them as items of exquisite (or, for that matter, functional) craftsmanship, or as ingenious items of engineering. Properly contexualised they can cast characterful light on the lives, leisure and social mores of ancestors far and near. The genteel banter of a domestic drawing room rarely feels closer than when a virginal is standing in the corner, as if about to fill the room with music at any moment.
From the grand to the quirky, here are ten musical instrument collections to explore.
Horniman Museum, London
Home to more than 8000 instruments, from a pair of ancient Egyptian bone clappers to modern synthesizers, as well of some of the V&A's instruments.
Ashmolean, Oxford
Home to the Stradivarius (and not to be heard) 'Messiah', among many important instruments.
Bate Collection Oxford
A fascinating contrast to the Ashmolean – 2000 items trace the development of instruments from Renaissance and Baroque times until today (including Theremins), some of which you can even bang and bow.
Musical Museum, Brentford
A delightful – and quite possibly unique – collection of pianolas, player pianos and other self-playing musical instruments.
Edinburgh University Collection of Historic Musical Instruments
View this important collection of instruments – and hear 18th-century instruments played in the 18th century concert hall.
Cité de la Musique, Paris
The Conservatoire de Paris's 4000-strong instrument collection, ranging from the 17th century to the present day.
Kunsthistorisches Museum Vienna
An important collection of renaissances and baroque instruments.
Musical Instrument Museum, Phoenix
From Chinese Opera to big band jazz – instruments from around the world.
Musical Instruments Museum in Brussels, Belgium
Four floors of instruments, including – as is only appropriate for Belgium – those by Adolphe Sax.
Museum of Musical Instruments, Leipzig
Almost 5000 instruments from Europe and beyond, as well as 3500 piano rolls.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will hold talks with Manchester United about their future this summer with the Swedish striker keen to stay at Old Trafford, despite the possibility of not playing again this year.
Ibrahimovic is facing up to nine months out after rupturing the anterior and posterior cruciate ligament in their right knee during United's Europa League quarter-final against Anderlecht in April and their contract with the club is due to expire on June 30.
But United, who have an option to extend Ibrahimovic's deal by another 12 months, have not ruled out retaining their services and have been heartened by the encouraging early signs in their recovery.
It is understood that Dr Freddie H Fu, the Pittsburgh-based surgeon who carried out the operation on Ibrahimovic's knee in the US, felt the 35-year-old's knee was almost worthy of being used as a case study it was in such good condition for a player of their age and one with more than 700 top-flight games to their name.
The main tendons in Ibrahimovic's right knee are believed to have measured around three times the normal size in what was described as a marked reflection of the player's impressive strength, fitness and the efforts they have gone to take care of himself.
Would you want a side of race relations with your daily double-shot short cappuccino? Then, U.S. coffee drinker, Starbucks has a corporate initiative for you.
Yes, Starbucks, the ubiquitous middlebrow coffee chain, said on Tuesday that it would begin encouraging its employees to further the free discussion of race in America through a program called RaceTogether. Baristas can signal their interest in a conversation by writing the campaign's name on a patron's cup, a space previously reserved for the finer points of drink orders and the occasional creative spelling of “Stephanie.”
“We at Starbucks should be willing to talk about these issues in America,” Starbucks C.E.O. Howard Schultz said in a post on the coffee chain's Web site.. “Not to point fingers or to place blame, and not because we have answers, but because staying silent is not who we are.”
In addition to the post, the company took out full page ads in The New York Times and U.S.A. Today. The first asked, “Shall we overcome?” The second said, “When it comes to race we are all human.”
Starbucks employs approximately 200,000 people. Schultz, the Arianna Huffington of the coffee industry, has long been willing to experiment with store policies. After a few years of lobbying by anti-gun activists, Schultz in 2013 asked customers not to bring guns into their stores. In 2012, they released a statement saying the company officially supported same-sex marriage. Last year, the company announced that it would help pay for its employees' college tuition, so long as the employees were interested in Arizona State University's online programs. (Starbucks' goodwill campaigns have not saved the company from landing in extremely hot water over some of its more controversial practices, such as its use of scheduling software that has wreaked havoc on the lives of some of its low-income employees and their families.)
Starbucks said that employees at the company have been discussing race in conversations prompted in part by relevant events in Ferguson, Missouri, and New York City. “Baristas in cities where the forums were held said they wanted to do something tangible to encourage greater understanding, empathy and compassion toward one another,” the company's statement read.
A neighborhood coffee shop might, in an ideal world, be the type of place where conversations about race and community take place, but Schultz and Starbucks must know that their baristas might well end up offending a number of customers. How will employees choose which customers to approach for conversations about race? Will customers of color feel as though they are either being singled out or avoided for such conversations? At what point does a barista end a conversation and return to the mounting stacks of latte orders awaiting them?
A vocal group of Twitter users set about answering those questions on Tuesday.
This is fraught territory, and not just because of the nature of race relations in this country. Many Starbucks interactions are at peak hours, when lines of overworked office-dwellers meet equally exhausted baristas working hard to keep the caffeine economy rolling along. A dose of difficult discussion to that interaction will certainly inject a new dynamic in participating Starbucks locations. Whether that's good for Starbucks, for customers, and for the state of race relations the United States remains to be seen.
UPDATE (March 23, 2015): In a memo posted to Starbucks's Web site on Sunday, Schulz wrote that the program would stop writing the call-outs on customers's cups. "This phase of the effort—writing 'Race Together' (or placing stickers) on cups, which was always just the catalyst for a much broader and longer term conversation—will be completed as originally planned today, March 22," the C.E.O. wrote.
Not one to be left out, Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos is also making plans to go to the Moon, just like fellow space magnate Elon Musk . Bezos' plan, uncovered by The Washington Post via a draft proposal presented to NASA and Trump's administration, outlines Blue Origin's plan to create a cargo spacecraft destined for the Moon that would help it ferry supplies, experiments and even people to Earth's largest natural satellite by around July 2020.
Bezos has a pretty keen grasp of terrestrial shipping via Amazon, so it makes sense that they would envision providing similar services at a lunar scale. The CEO told the Washington Post that they believe it's time for the U.S. to not only make its way back to the Moon – but also to stick around this time, with the goal of establishing a “permanently inhabited lunar settlement.”
The Moon is on the mind of many at the moment: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk announced earlier this week that their company would be sending two private individuals in a crewed tourist mission around the Moon, with a target flight date of next year. Even sub-orbital space tourism is still taking its first shaky steps, relatively speaking, so that's quite the leapfrog if Musk and co. can pull it off.
Blue Origin's initial proposal focuses on getting the goods necessary to establish a permanent colony on the Moon, rather than zipping humans or tourists to the destination. And it also seeks resource commitment from NASA, both in terms of funding and expertise, though Bezos says in the proposal he's more than happy to invest their own funds alongside those of the space agency.
In the white paper, the plan is to land the spacecraft at the Moon's South Pole, where there's enough sunlight to power it via external solar panels, and where it has proximity to water ice, which is key for both human sustenance and the creation of rocket fuel. Its design could allow for flying 10,000 pounds of supplies and materials, and it's intended to be usable with NASA's own launch craft, the ULA's Atlas V rocket or its own New Glenn rocket, which is still in development.
We're a long way off from Amazon Prime same-day delivery to the Moon, but this is yet another sign that we're headed towards a public-private space race which could user in a new boom in space exploration.
One of the fastest runners in South Africa is finally going to the Olympics. Oscar Pistorius is the twenty four year old sprinter who has garnered global attention because they have the heart of a lion, and the legs of a cheetah. Well, the lion part is made up, but the cheetah thing is real. Pistorius, a bilateral amputee below the knees wears Cheetah Flex Foot prosthetics from the Ossur company in Iceland. Winner of multiple gold medals at the Paralympics and other disabled events, “The Fastest Man On No Legs” has finally qualified for the (able-bodied) 2012 Olympics in London. Watch their historic 400m sprint in the video below followed by tons of great pics and clips of the racer in action. Running this month in the 2011 World Championships and joining the South African Olympic team for 2012, Pistorius represents a turning point in the history of prosthetics and athletics. Whether you give the credit to Ossur or Pistorius, people with synthetic limbs are competing at the highest level of human skill. Equality through cybernetics?
Pistorius narrowly missed qualifying for the 2008 Olympics when their 400m time was just a little shy of the mark. Their July 19th run at Ligano, Italy came in at just 45.07 seconds, a personal best and well under (competitively speaking) the 45.25 qualifying time. Here's their historic run. I love how happy their competitors are to see them succeed:
Since their bid to join the South African 2008 Olympic team, Pistorius has garnered the critique of many around the world who feel their prosthetics give them an unfair advantage. They were first denied, then allowed to try for the team. You can see why some would want to bar Pistorius from competing. The Cheetah Flex Foot carbon fiber devices are designed to absorb shock and transfer energy into forward momentum…but so are human lower legs and feet. Considering that Pistorius has fewer muscles than other racers and no sensation in their contact surface, I think he's overcoming disadvantages, not resting on technology to do work for him. Watch the following two brief documentaries, the first a shorter clip developed for Nike, the second a 10 minute story by Al Jazeera English, and decide for yourself whether the magic is in the runner or the legs:
Despite the controversy around their legs, or perhaps because of it, Pistorius has been the subject of several successful ad campaigns. Their determination has helped sell Nike products, and even Amen cologne. I don't understand why anyone would want to smell like a sprinter, but I do get the appeal behind having Pistorius in these ads. The man looks like a jet fighter during take off – check it out:
While Pistorius is undoubtedly a great athlete, it's the technological and social changes they represent that may have the deeper impact on our world. Amputees with phenomenal athletic skill can compete with able-bodied athletes of the highest caliber, and they are cheered and lauded as much as they are challenged by detractors. That's the reality of today, and I wonder what it bodes for tomorrow. Ossur will continue to make improvements on their lower limb prosthetics, and we've already seen other developers create powered synthetic ankles and feet. How many years until such devices are clearly conferring an advantage to those who wear them? How powerful would prostheses need to be before able bodied humans wanted to upgrade themselves?
The media cheer around Pistorius isn't just a retelling of the standard “overcoming adversity” Olympic human interest story, it's a sign that many people are beginning to accept a slightly wider definition of humanity. Sure, Pistorius has synthetic legs, but he's all athlete. Their mechanical hybridization is simply part of their specialness. He's “The Blade Runner”. I can't wait for them to compete as an equal in the 2011 World Championships and the 2012 Olympics.
But honestly, I really can't wait until some prosthesis wearing athlete soars past “equality” and starts to compete on a level all of their own.
Can't get enough of The Blade Runner? Check out more great pics below!
[image credits: OscarPistorius.com (ads as indicated), Elian Palsson/Coda.coza]
[source: Oscar Pistorius, Ossur]
Before Texas executed Marvin Wilson last year for the 1992 murder of Jerry Robert Williams in Beaumont, their case generated headlines, reminding the nation of a rather unique corner of death penalty law here.
The standards used to determine whether a Texan convicted of murder is mentally fit to be executed are based in part on the fictional character Lennie from John Steinbeck's classic novel Of Mice and Men, a fact that enraged the author's son.
"I find the whole premise to be insulting, outrageous, ridiculous and profoundly tragic,” Thomas Steinbeck said, calling for a halt to Wilson's execution. “I am certain that if my father, John Steinbeck, were here, they would be deeply angry and ashamed to see their work used in this way."
State Sen. Rodney Ellis, D-Houston, said Wilson's execution and other cases left them feeling embarrassed for their home state. “It's junk science. Its not a credible way of making a decision,” they said.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
So Ellis filed Senate Bill 750, which would establish new — and, they argue, more scientific — standards to determine when a convicted Texan is too intellectually disabled to face the death penalty. The bill revives a decade-old fight with prosecutors, who argue that the current standards are adequate and that Ellis' proposal would make it too easy for defendants to make a case that they are mentally retarded and exempt from the death penalty.
“Sen. Ellis' proposal creates two or three additional bites at the apple for a defendant to show they are mentally retarded, and it skews the process,” said Shannon Edmonds, spokesperson for the Texas District and County Attorneys Association.
In 2001, Texas lawmakers approved a bill by then-state Rep. Juan "Chuy" Hinojosa, D-McAllen, now a state senator, that would have implemented new requirements for courts to have independent experts evaluate defendants to determine whether they were mentally retarded. Gov. Rick Perry vetoed the bill. In a proclamation with their veto, they argued that existing safeguards were effective in preventing the execution of the mentally disabled.
The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 ruled in Atkins v. Virginia that states could not execute the mentally disabled because it violates the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment. But it allowed states to develop their own criteria for mental disabilities.
Texas lawmakers, though, were unable to agree on criteria. Prosecutors wanted a standard in which jurors would decide during the penalty phase of a capital murder trial whether a defendant was too intellectually disabled to face execution, allowing them to consider the person's past crimes in the decision-making. Defense lawyers supported creating a process that allowed a judge to evaluate the defendant's mental fitness.
“A legislative fix is always preferable to a judicial fix when the parties can come together and agree on a solution,” Edmonds said. “The problem is that prosecutors and anti-death penalty advocates have never been able to agree on how to address this legislatively.”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
In 2004, when Jose Garcia Briseño's case came before the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, the nine judges were without legislative guidance and developed their own standards. Lawyers for Briseño, who is still on death row, argued that they were mentally retarded and should not face execution for the 1991 murder of a Dimmit County sheriff's deputy. The court rejected those arguments and in the process developed the so-called Briseño factors that are used now to determine whether Texas defendants are eligible for the death penalty.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals invoked, in part, an evaluation of Lennie from Steinbeck's book, writing that "most Texas citizens would agree that Steinbeck's Lennie should, by virtue of their lack of reasoning ability and adaptive skills, be exempt from execution. But does a consensus of Texas citizens agree that all persons who might legitimately qualify for assistance under the social services definition of mental retardation be exempt from an otherwise constitutional penalty?"
The court's three-part definition requires the convicted inmate to have below average intellectual function, to lack adaptive behavior skills and to have had those problems prior to age 18.
Lawyers for at least 90 Texas death row inmates have brought so-called Atkins claims before the courts, arguing that their clients' limited cognitive functioning exempted them from execution. Of those, 14 have been deemed mentally retarded and their sentences commuted to life in prison.
Prosecutors stopped asking legislators to approve standards after the court adopted the Briseño standards, Edmonds said, because they wearied of the fight with defense lawyers and because they were mostly satisfied with court's solution.
“I think Texas can continue under the current standard and remain in compliance with Supreme Court case law,” Edmonds said.
But defense lawyers say that Texas still puts mentally retarded defendants to death, flouting the Supreme Court's prohibition. They argue that Ellis' bill is a critical step to ensure that the courts rely on scientific evaluations of mental capacity and that the state doesn't violate the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment.
“Reliance on the Briseño factors is frankly something that has made the state the butt of much scientific criticism,” said Kathryn Kase, director of the Texas Defender Service, which represents death row inmates.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Ellis' bill would use the definition developed by the American Association on Intellectual Developmental Disabilities to determine whether a defendant is eligible for the death penalty. A key part of the standard set out in the proposal is that the defendant must have an IQ of 75 or below to be exempt from execution. Delaware, Idaho, Kentucky, Maryland, New Mexico, Nebraska, North Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee and Washington use similar standards, but require an IQ of 70 or below for exemption.
“The most appropriate thing for state statute is to be parallel to existing definitions that are existing professionally within the field,” said Ed Polloway, dean of graduate studies at Virginia's Lynchburg College and a member of the AAIDD's death penalty task force. The task force is developing a guide for states to use to evaluate defendants for intellectual disabilities.
“Our attempt is to stay as close to the science as possible,” Polloway said.
The AAIDD's definition of intellectual disability, they said, is used to determine state and federal aid for programs like Medicaid and special education placement in schools. The existing Texas death penalty standard, Polloway said, would allow for the execution of individuals who are considered intellectually disabled for the purposes of government programs.
Ellis said basing decisions about who is fit for execution on established scientific research would save Texas money it would otherwise spend fighting inmates' appeals.
“It will protect the rule of law and the integrity of our judicial system,” they said.
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Authorities are investigating a weekend shooting that involved an Eloy police officer and resulted in the death of a 25-year-old man. The family of the victim, identified as Victor Luis Arenas, is now questioning the officer's actions.The Pinal County Sheriff's Office released video Tuesday from the officer's chest camera to help clarify what happened during the shooting.Officer Richard Timmes was searching for a burglary suspect in an Eloy neighborhood when the incident occurred. The homeowner came out and allegedly opened fire on the officer for shining their flashlight on the residence.The victim's family claims the 25-year-old was simply protecting their property. They also said the officer never identified himself.More details under the videofootage released by Pinal County Sheriffs OfficeDetailsTim Gaffney, spokesperson for PCSO, said Officer Richard Timmes with the Eloy Police Department responded to a burglary call around 4 a.m. Sunday near Sixth and Frontier streets in Eloy, Ariz. A business owner reportely told police that items appeared to have been taken from outside their business, according to Gaffney.Timmes was searching for possible suspects in a nearby area using a flashlight when a male individual, later discovered to be Arenas, began yelling and cursing at the officer, according to a PCSO press release. The officer shined their flashlight onto the male subject, who was pointing a gun at the officer, according to Gaffney.Police said the man ignored the officer's instructions to put down their weapon and then fired at the officer. Timmes, who has 3 1/2 years in law enforcement, returned fire striking the victim, according to PCSO. The victim was transported to a local hospital where they were pronounced deceased, said Gaffney.
The world's first ever national inquiry into the responsibility of the fossil fuel industry for the human rights impacts resulting from climate change hits an important milestone in the Philippines on 11 December 2017 – one day after Human Rights Day (10 December). Companies, including ExxonMobil, Shell, BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, Suncor and Repsol, are being asked to explain their role in making climate change worse.
The investigating body, the Commission on Human Rights of the Philippines, sent Notices in October requesting the companies to attend the 11 December meeting to discuss and agree on how the investigation will be conducted, as well as evidence submission and witnesses. The investigation will intensify in 2018 and has the potential to shift global understanding of corporate responsibility for climate change.
“Many homes were destroyed during typhoon Yolanda and people died – including some I knew,” said Isagani Serrano, president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement (PRRM), an organisation that provides support in the aftermath of disasters and one of the petitioners. “We hope CEOs of these companies look deep within their hearts and see how their profit harms people and the planet.”
Filipino typhoon survivors, other communities suffering the impacts of climate change, and civil society organisations, including Greenpeace Southeast Asia (Philippines), petitioned the Commission for the investigation in 2015, two years after super-typhoon Yolanda (Haiyan) claimed the lives of more than 6,300 people and affected millions of others who have yet to recover.
“International Human Rights Day should remind these companies why it's important that they participate in the national inquiry. Extreme weather fuelled by climate change is making life worse for people on the frontlines of climate change”, said Yeb Saño, Executive Director of Greenpeace Southeast Asia, who is also a petitioner in the investigation.
“Their basic rights to food, water, shelter, health, and even life are under threat. People have rights, states have duties, and companies have responsibilities to respect these rights. No oil, gas, or coal company has a right to pollute the climate, and those that undermine, threaten, and violate human rights must be held accountable.”
“The national inquiry in the Philippines is an opportunity to set the record straight on climate change and make sure these companies are as committed as society needs them to be to phasing out fossil fuels and ensuring that our future is powered by 100 per cent renewable energy”, said Saño.
The Philippines national inquiry is one of a wave of people-powered legal actions taking place around the world. Greenpeace Nordic and Nature and Youth in Norway, young people in the US, senior women in Switzerland, a Peruvian farmer in Germany, a law student in New Zealand, and many others, are taking legal action to seek protection from climate change.
The day before the Manila meeting is a very important day for all of humanity. 10 December is International Human Rights Day and the start of the one-year lead up to the 70th anniversary of the UN General Assembly's adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948.
* Greenpeace International http://www.greenpeace.org/international/en/
[Ekk/6]
Getty Images
It's been known for weeks that the Browns and Falcons violated league rules via sending in-game texts to the coaching staff and using artificial crowd noise, respectively. By next week, the punishments will be known publicly.
Adam Schefter of ESPN reports that both teams were informed during the league meetings that the discipline is expected to be announced next week. Per Schefter, the teams already have been privately informed of the looming punishment. One source told them the discipline for both teams is expected to be “severe.”
At the Scouting Combine last month, there was talk of the Falcons losing a second- or third-round pick for using artificial crowd noise in 2013 and 2014. The Browns reportedly are bracing for a multi-game fine for G.M. Ray Farmer, possibly along with the loss of one or more draft picks.
LOS ANGELES — Well, Galactus was coming.
An early draft of Fantastic Four, written by original screenwriter Jeremy Slater and director Josh Trank, was chock-a-block with big, sweeping, international and inter-dimensional action set-pieces that included classic villains Galactus and Mole Man — and Reed Richards' flying FantastiCar — according to a report posted Monday on BirthMoviesDeath.
But in an effort to trim the budget, those elements were stripped away, writes Devin Faraci, who ostensibly got their hands on a draft that was penned before writer/producer Simon Kinberg (X-Men: Days of Future Past) came on board for rewrite duty in 2014.
SEE ALSO: Why did 'Fantastic Four' exclude Sue Storm from its moment of glory?
Faraci writes:
Slater's script is closer in tone and action to a Marvel movie, with big action and lots of character interplay. It's maybe a little overstuffed, featuring the origin of the Fantastic Four, Doctor Doom, Galactus, Mole Man, Herbie the Robot and even the FantastiCar, and containing a central action set piece in the streets of New York City against a gigantic Moloid that eats Ben Grimm.
The final, on-screen version of Fantastic Four — which Trank flamed a day before release as the critics panned it — took place almost entirely inside the Baxter Building, in underground government bunkers and the dreary Negative Zone. But the original draft spent ample time in Doctor Doom's home country of Latveria, in Jakarta (where Richards was hiding out) and other locations with, you know, natural light and space.
And it was much more closely tied to the 1961 Fantastic Four #1 origin story, including a big, gnarly showdown with Mole Man (pictured on the original cover):
Fantastic Four #1 Image: Marvel
It also leaves the film with Galactus — the World Eater — headed for Earth and Doctor Doom still posing their own threat, rather than the corny "what should we call ourselves?" denouement that was clearly shoehorned in by the studio.
The early vision, of course, went through the Hollywood meat grinder. Trank later rendered their own "darker, more grounded" version of the script, which is in all likelihood was what they were referencing when they said they once had a "fantastic" version of the film that we'll never see.
But some elements were preserved, like the childhood sequences and the fast forward as the team is separated after getting their powers. It's too bad there wasn't more of what Faraci calls "the kind of script that you could imagine Marvel Studios making."
Head over to BirthMoviesDeath for a full account of the Fantastic Four script #1.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
GLENDALE, Ariz. — An Arizona Coyotes fan got to take out their frustration on the mayor behind the decision to send the hockey team packing.
KPNX-TV reports that disgruntled fan Ronda Pearson used a stun gun on Glendale Mayor Jerry Weiers on Saturday as part of a charity pledge.
Weiers volunteered to be stunned with a Taser at the mall event if a $10,000 donation was made to an Arizona charity that supports first-responders.
Firefighters determined Weiers was not injured.
Organizers say Pearson and another Coyotes fan showed up with a $10,000 money order.
Weiers and the Glendale City Council voted Wednesday to end an arena lease agreement with the Coyotes. A judge on Friday temporarily halted its termination.
Pearson gained attention on social media for a public rant directed at Weiers.
The Internet has been a blessing for the music industry. Although the RIAA and IFPI frequently complain about piracy, their own research shows that only 10% of all illegal downloads are considered to be a loss in sales. Meanwhile, piracy has shown them how to monetize music online, and turn it into profit.
Every year, RIAA's global partner IFPI publishes a digital music report, which can be best described as a one sided view of the state of digital music consumption. For several years in a row the report has shown that the sales figures of digital music have gone up, but still, the industry continues to blame piracy for a loss in overall revenue.
One of the key statistics that is hyped every year, is the piracy ratio of downloaded music. Just as last year, IFPI estimates that 95% of all downloads are illegal, without giving a proper source for this figure. Interestingly, those who take a closer look at the full report (pdf), will see that only 10% of the claimed illegal downloads are seen as a loss in sales.
Contrary to the RIAA's arguments in court, the BPI and IFPI don't believe in the “every pirated download is a lost sale” myth. Matt Phillips, BPI's Director of Communications wrote in an email to TorrentFreak: “No, we don't think every illegal download is a lost sale (and never, ever, have, if my memory serves me correctly). The estimates for lost sales revenue is [sic] not calculated on this basis.”
To come up with a ‘best guess' of the real losses for the UK market, the music industry have commissioned Jupiter Research. For two years in a row, Jupiter estimated the losses are to be about equal to the revenue that comes from digital sales. If we combine this with the ‘only one in 20 downloads is paid for' guesstimate, only one in 10 illegal downloads is seen as a loss in sales.
Of course we will be very reluctant to draw conclusions from research that is commissioned by the music industry itself, however, it would interest to know what the effect is of those downloads that are not seen as a loss. Could they perhaps use by consumers to discover new music, and generate revenue in the long run?
What is clear from the report is that ‘pirates' have shown the music industry what consumers really want. The music industry is slowly starting to recognize that they have to compete with piracy, by offering high quality products. In the 2009 report, for example, IFPI proudly reports that many services now sell DRM-free music, while they themselves are the reason why these restrictions were implemented in the first place.
In the report IFPI writes: “An important development in 2008 was the licensing of more online stores to sell downloads without digital rights management (DRM), meaning consumers can play the music they acquire on any portable device. In January 2009, Apple announced it had signed deals with leading record companies to offer eight million DRMfree tracks at flexible price points. The move is expected to significantly boost download sales.”
Besides the usual anti-piracy ramblings on how ISPs should help to disconnect pirates from the Internet, the report documents another interesting trend. The music industry clearly recognizes that they've done something wrong in the past, and is now promoting unlimited download services, either ad supported or for a low monthly fee. If done right, this ‘piracy inspired' model might just be the future of music consumption, or at least a worthy competitor to piracy. But then again, they will find something else to complain about sooner or later.
Volkswagen confirmed on Monday that a robot killed one of its workers at a German factory in Baunatal, north of Frankfurt .
According to a report from the Financial Times, the “21 year old external contractor was installing the robot together with a colleague when they were struck in the chest by the robot and pressed against a metal plate.”
Unfortunately, the young man later succumbed to their injuries.
VW spokesperson Heiko Hillwig told the Associated Press that “initial conclusions indicate that human error was to blame, rather than a problem with the robot, which can be programmed to perform various tasks in the assembly process”.
They declined to offer additional information as there's an ongoing investigation on the incident.
While not forgetting that, a young man died, for all of you who are being reminded of the Terminator and Skynet, in an eerie coincidence, the story gained traction after a Financial Times employment correspondent named…Sarah O'Connor (in Terminator, it was Sarah Connor, but it's close enough…) tweeted about it.
It didn't take long for the internet to make the connection, even though O'Connor themselves claimed to have no knowledge about the movie.
” Guys. I don't know what skynet is. And I wouldn't follow me – I tweet really boring stuff about unit wage costs and the like,” they wrote.
“Sigh. I've never even watched the films. Now my feed is full of people tweeting me about Skynet,” O'Connor tweeted later. “Ok. I should have thought about my name & its associations before tweeting this!”
*Note: stock VW picture used
A robot has killed a worker in a VW plant in Germany http://t.co/RRdCnNmbsj— Sarah O'Connor (@sarahoconnor_) July 1, 2015
Photo Gallery
STEM toys for girls are a great way to inspire girls to pursue science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), whilst being tons of fun at the same time. If you're new to the concepts, you may be wondering why we believe STEM toys for girls are so important, but to answer that question we will have to dive into some STEMtistics!
The Importance of STEM Toys for Girls
When it comes to STEM fields, women are massively underrepresented. In the USA women made up just 26% of the computing workforce and 13% of the engineering in 2016. A similar story can be found in other developed nations, with women only making up 23% of the core STEM workforce in the UK. Given that jobs in these sectors earn significantly more on average than non-STEM careers, it is vital for wage equality that women become better represented in these fields. But how?
Research has shown time and time again that there is no difference in science and math ability of boys and girls, so the aptitude argument can no longer be used to explain the shortfall. To contrast, we now know gender stereotyping to be one of the major causes, with studies showing the beliefs about what subjects are for what genders can be formed as early as 6 years old! These ideas then go on to influence everything from basic interests to career choices.
So the age old notion that girls should play with dolls & kitchen sets and boys with building blocks is not only outdated, but harmful to child development. We think that changing this paradigm is essential to help break gender stereotypes and ensure girls have equal opportunities to pursue STEM. That aside, the STEM toys for girls below can also help develop valuable skills like coding, engineering and design through interactive challenges. What's not to love?
Female Hair Loss: Causes and Treatments Debunking the Myths Despite popular belief, women are almost as likely to lose their hair, or at the very least have thinning hair, as men. However, while men who suffer from hair loss tend to notice the first signs in their mid 30s, women tend to notice it in their 50s or 60s. The First… + read here
Bodybuilding And Hair Loss: Myth or Reality? Web is full of studies showing link between bodybuilding and occurrence of hair loss. Many have shown that the chances of hair loss, thinning increases with bodybuilding, especially with use of mass building supplements and diets. Something about hair loss in men Hair loss is a complex process involving genetics, hormones and many other factors…. + read here
Aloe Vera And Healthy Hair: Remedies For Hair Growth Growing hair takes time, patience and care. But how much does one have to wait? For some it takes months, for others it takes years. What should a girl do to boost their hair growth? Aloe Vera is an ideal solution for your problem. The gel of the plant is rich in amino acids and… + read here
Hair Conditioner: When, How, and Why Men Should Use It Why You Need Hair Conditioner Conditioner (as the name suggests) is used to condition the strands of hair rather than clean it. But why condition the hair rather than clean? Each hair is covered in tiny cells which look a bit like fish scales. Any damage caused to these to stand out. It makes the… + read here
Can Hair Grow Back? There are many aspects which can cause a person to go bald. Sometimes those problems are avoidable (Stress, Anxiety, etc.) and sometimes it's just not for you to decide (genetics, etc.), there are countless people who are out there who claim to have a so-called “Cure”, but sadly, it is never as quick as… + read here
Hair Loss Awareness – Causes and Treatment for Hair Loss in Men August is National Hair Loss Awareness Month, the perfect time for men and women who are experiencing hair loss to learn about the treatment options available. Hair Loss Facts and Statistics: Hair loss affects over 50 million men and 30 million women in the US alone The American Hair Loss Association says over 95 percent… + read here
Hair Loss Awareness – Causes and Treatment for Hair Loss in Women Women's Hair Loss in women may affect one's self-image and emotional well-being. Although women suffering from hair loss seem to be getting more open in discussing this condition in public, thanks to the role of social media wherein men and women with hair loss find an online community of support and acceptance, a… + read here
5 Thinning Hair Tips and Tricks to Get Your Confidence Back More than 30 million Americans suffer from thinning hair. The thinning can span from heavy thinning to moderate, and depends on several factors, both internal and external. Simple things like knowing when to detangle your hair to special hair cuts can help minimize and even halt this thinning. Here, we provide some quick, affordable and… + read here
The Truth Behind Hair Loss and Genetics When it comes to hair loss and genetics, most laypeople will likely tell you that male pattern, and even female pattern, baldness is caused by hereditary factors alone. However, in actuality, the most recent studies on genetics and hair loss have found that there is more than meet the eye. In other words, genetics and… + read here
Fox News cherry-picked numbers to suggest that the cost of extreme weather events has decreased in past decades in order to attack President Obama's executive order to prepare the country for the impacts of climate change. However, the damages from extreme weather events have been on the rise since 1980 and are projected to increase in part due to climate change.
On Fox and Friends' November 4 show, contributor Stuart Varney denied the link between climate change and certain extreme weather events in the United States, denouncing Obama's executive order on climate preparedness. To assist their claim, Varney cherry-picked statistics to falsely suggest that disaster costs have decreased since the 1980s -- including an incorrect statistic on Hurricane Sandy.
Though damages from Sandy totaled approximately $65 billion, according to the National Climatic Data Center, Varney incorrectly asserted that Sandy cost $19 billion in damages (this outdated number represented predicted damages to New York City only). They contrasted their $19 billion statistic to the $160 billion in losses from extreme weather events in 2005 -- the most costly year on record in terms of extreme weather events -- and the fact that weather disasters have cost the United States over $1 trillion since 1980. After prattling off these numbers, Fox and Friends co-anchor Brian Kilmeade exclaimed, "look how they've gone down, the number of disasters and the price!"
In reality, spending on weather disasters has increased since 1980, alongside the rise of extreme weather events costing at least one billion dollars in damages:
Despite Varney's claims, five top insurance companies have recognized that disaster losses are increasing, which may be related in part to climate change:
Dash Charge Speed Analysis: Even with Heavy Usage, Your Phone Will Charge Rapidly and Stay Cool
Faster charging has becoming a common specification for OEMs to gloat over, pushing forward their own standards and implementations to top you up in no time. Nowadays, when a phone doesn't charge fast, it sticks out like a sore thumb.
The OnePlus 2 was one of such cases, with a horrifically slow (relatively speaking) charging in time in comparison to the Quick Charge 2.0 we saw in other devices of 2015. What was most frustrating is that the OnePlus 2 had the chipset necessary to implement that faster charging standard, but for one reason or another, OnePlus 2 owners were left with a pretty-but-useless USB Type C port that arguably did more harm than good.
Then came the OnePlus 3 seeking to correct this misfortune, bringing the USB Type C port again – now at a time when it's common place – yet sporting a different technology, a modified version of Oppo's VOOC Fast Charging. On Tuesday, we explained precisely how this works, and also why you are (luckily) likely to see it in custom ROMs sometime after July. In this article, we'll spare you the technical details in order to talk about something we feel has been under-addressed in the blogosphere: the actual user experience, and just why Dash Charging is so useful. You likely heard a thing or two in its official presentation and early reviews, but few touch upon its most important function: unrestrained charging speeds.
We carried out some benchmarks and real-world usage tests, backed up by some tools to standardize and graph the charging rate. The results we found were very impressive, especially when running the test against a Nexus 6P for reference. While many simply tout the ability of Dash Charging to achieve over 63% battery in 30 minutes (which we corroborated), the other two unique functions are ultimately what this charging standard has over most competitors. First is the fact that heat is concentrated on the charger, and not the phone itself. This is, of course, mostly an issue if you intend to use the phone while charging — otherwise, the only benefit is hardware longevity. The really useful aspect of Dash Charging kicks in when you do decide to use your device, or even keep it running background tasks or services, features like hotspotting, all being use-scenarios that affect charging on other devices. Before jumping in, it must be noted that the charger itself does get quite warm: we found that the charger itself can reach upwards of 48°C | 118.4°F while charging. Be careful!
The feature we are most delighted by, however, is the ability to charge at full or near-full speed regardless of phone usage. Indeed, at some point in your life you likely found yourself needing or wanting to use your phone before setting out or heading back home, only to find it at low battery and in need of an emergency charge. Other phones typically limit the charging rate while the phone is being used, but Dash Charging can top you up at roughly the same rate, not accounting for the battery you use up while using the phone. We ran various tests to measure to which extent Dash Charging accomplished this under-discussed feature, and the results are more than satisfying. First we wanted to test how using the phone while charging stacked up to the 63% in 30 minutes figure touted by OnePlus. To the left you will find the device going from 1% to about 51% in 30 minutes, at maximum brightness, while repeatedly cycling through apps including the Google Play Store, GMail, Chrome, and Hangouts (using DiscoMark) with every app launching cold. This alone is a very interesting result, but the fast charging also makes it to the end.
In the sample below, you can see the same sample as the one above but carrying on, past the 30 minute mark. Moreover, after that point we continued to use the device for a combination of YouTube and Hangouts messaging (or rather, test liveblogging) until the phone was topped up. The final time for this test (when the phone hit 100%) was exactly 1 hour and 20 minutes, with the only nuisance being that the last few percentage points took longer, as shown in the graphs below.
As you can see, the CPU remained rather active throughout the live tasks after the 30 minute mark. Below you can also see the rate of change, and it's clear that phone begins toning down its charging speed once it crosses 80%, as is expected of pretty much every other phone.
While that's already a pretty good demonstration of the capabilities of Dash Charging, we also ran two more tests, one heavier and one lighter. In the heavy one, we played Asphalt 8 at maximum brightness for 20 minutes, taking the battery from 14% to 51% (37% change). In the light-weight test, we casually web-browsed for 30 minutes at minimum brightness, taking the battery from 1% to 60%. That's extremely close the idle charging rate touted by OnePlus, but keep in mind that this was low-intensity and at minimum brightness, and as seen in the rate of change graphs above, charging begins slowing down close before that point.
From these samples, we estimate that the fastest charging rate is found when the battery is roughly between 8% and 50%, with 80% being the point where charging speed starts dropping significantly. We also ran the app cycling test at maximum brightness on the Nexus 6P, with very pitiful results (1% to 17%). It's also worth noting that the Nexus 6P reached 37° C | 98.6° F, higher than the temperature it accumulates after 10 consecutive GeekBench benchmarks.
I hope this illustrated just why Dash Charging is different and useful. Being able to charge the device at near full speed while using the phone is something that I personally appreciate, given I work on the move and use my phone for both work and college, often as my personal hotspot while commuting or moving around campus. It's a liberating feeling that not everyone will incorporate to their use-case to the same degree, but I believe everyone can appreciate it nonetheless. That being said, this does not necessarily outweigh the consequences of the Dash Charging standard for everyone: if you intend to rapidly charge your OnePlus 3 at all, you need the proprietary technology in your charger — meaning you are stuck with OnePlus (and perhaps Oppo's) charger and cable (it's very thick for a reason).
It's frustrating having so many charging standards at the same time that we are transitioning from microUSB to USB Type C, but at the very least we get to see them become more useful in their own special snowflake way. Having Dash Charging is bitter sweet in this regard: being limited to the OEM's charger nullifies your past investments into quick charging battery banks or charging accessories (which I have plenty of). At the same time, Dash Charging is one of the most convenient charging technologies out there for those needing to top quick or charge with their usage uninterrupted. Weighing those pros and cons is up to you, but we hope you came out of this article with a cleaner perspective to achieve that decision.
We are still working towards our full review where we will incorporate our findings on RAM, performance, charging, the upcoming fixes and more! Stay tuned to XDA for more in-depth coverage!
Check Out XDA's OnePlus 3 Forums!
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that their successor Narendra Modi has failed to speak on issues that mattered and give every Indian the confidence that they care for their well being. Singh, long-reviled by candidate Modi as 'Maunmohan Singh' during their years as India's top leader, was speaking in their first interview since departing from office. Here are some of the key points they made during their interview with India Today's Jyoti Malhotra.
1) Modi has failed to speak out on issues that matter, like the Muzaffarnagar riots and the Dadri lynching. "The public in our country expects the prime minister to take the lead in managing public opinion. But they have never spoken; whether it is on the beef problem or whether it is what happened in Muzaffarnagar or elsewhere, they have kept quiet...  They are the prime minister of all the people of India and they must give every Indian the confidence that in them we have a prime minister who cares for our well-being."
2) The people of the country have lost their faith in the government. They observed that the ministers say all the right things, but things have not really improved on the ground and that there exists a "crisis of confidence in the government". They added that for one reason or the other, the government is not able to get its act together.
3) Dr Singh said that the real test of foreign policy for any government lies in the way it handles the country's neighbours, but the BJP's approach with Pakistan has been "inconsistent". “Modi government's handling of Pakistan is inconsistent. It has been one step forward, two steps back. Also, with regard to Nepal, once again we have a situation where the government there is accusing the government of India of putting up a blockade, and that is very unfortunate,” they told the magazine.
4) Dr Singh said that Atal Bihari Vajpayee, like Narendra Modi, too had a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) background when they became the Prime Minister, but unlike Modi, Vajpayee "grew in office". “They have a huge majority in the Lok Sabha. In the hands of a purposeful government and wise leadership, there are enormous opportunities to make progress in the management of the economy and in containing social tensions."
5) The former prime minister said that despite a sharp fall in oil prices (From a peak of $150 a barrel levels when their government was in power to sub $30 levels as on date), the Modi government has failed to capitalise on it. They observed that the fall in crude prices has helped India's balance of payments, current account and fiscal account deficits but the government has failed to make the most of the situation in terms of using the opportunity to set up investments in a big way.
6) They criticised the incumbent government for spending two years out of their five-year term without giving people the feeling that the country is on an upward path. “Bank credit is not moving--the rate of growth of bank credit is much lower than would be the case if the economy was on an upward trend,” they said.
You can read the full interview here.
Marvel
The Thunder God weighs in on what to expect from 'Age of Ultron.'
With Reporting by Kevin P. Sullivan
What chance does anyone, or anything for that matter, have against the thunderous deity known as Thor? As it turns out, it's a pretty big chance, as far as an army of self-aware androids is concerned.
Thor battles a brand-new mechanical menace alongside Earth's mightiest heroes in "Avengers: Age of Ultron," the Marvel Studios sequel set for release in just a few months time. He's one of the many heroes waging war against Ultron and their minions, and even if their involvement is less personal than last time (in their defense, it's hard to get much more personal than having to stop your evil step-brother from conquering an innocent planet), the hammer-wielding hero has plenty to do.
Here's what Chris Hemsworth revealed while on the London set of "Age of Ultron," from what Thor has been up to since we saw them in "The Dark World," to what he's going up against now.
About Stephen Goldin
STEPHEN GOLDIN is a Nebula Award finalist science fiction and fantasy writer who was born in 1947 in the city of Philadelphia. When they were 13, their parents moved to California and, upon reflection, they decided to accompany them. It was a lucky thing they did, too; otherwise, when they went to college, the commute to UCLA would have been quite difficult. They eventually graduated from UCLA with a Bachelor's degree in Astronomy.
Their first job out of college was as a civilian space scientist for the U.S. Navy. The urge to write was strong, though, and after several years they left to try writing full time. They only regretted the move every other Thursday, when they would have gotten paid.
After several years of genteel poverty, they took a job as writer/editor for a pornographic humor paper, the San Francisco Ball. In retrospect, this was a great crucible; because of deadline pressure, they had to learn to make their writing dirty, funny, and one draft.
At about this time, too, they began selling novels on a regular basis. While they have, from time to time, held down other full-time employment (he helped design the Star Trek: The Next Generation computer game "A Final Unity" for Spectrum HoloByte and has also written manuals and game design documents for Maxis), their real love is fiction writing and they continue to pursue it.
Their first wife was fellow author Kathleen Sky. Their medieval-style wedding was a Saturday morning program item at the 1972 World Science Fiction Convention in Los Angeles. In the 10+ years of their marriage, in addition to their individual works, they collaborated on a pair of stories ("Painting the Roses Red" and "The Devil Behind the Leaves") about the diMedicis, a family of interstellar swindlers.
Mr. Goldin's current wife is fellow author Mary Mason. Their wedding took place the night before EclectiCon 1 in Sacramento, at which Mr. Goldin was the Guest of Honor. They currently live in the San Francisco East Bay area. So far they have co-authored two books in the Rehumanization of Jade Darcy series: Jade Darcy and the Affair of Honor and Jade Darcy and the Zen Pirates. More books in this series are planned.
Mr. Goldin is an atheist whose interests include Broadway show albums and surrealist art. They have lived with cats virtually all their adult life.
Mr. Goldin served the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America as editor of the SFWA Bulletin and as SFWA's Western Regional Director.
Couple weeks ago my girlfriend said they wanted to get away for a weekend in two weeks. So we started looking up different places in Michigan, including Traverse City, Ludington, Glen Haven, all those places. Sadly most of the hotel rooms are booked with outrageous prices. Most of them you need to book them two nights in a row. So, I started looking at random places in Michigan. Finally found a nice hotel room for a decent price, but its in Midland Michigan. Now what do we know about Midland? Never been there. But because of that, I got curious. I vaguely remember Midland because its the headquarters of the DOW Company. So i decided to start searching online. I found Midland's Tourist Bureau's website. That website is well designed. I saw there is a Tridge, a nice little downtown area, Dow Gardens and couple other odds and ends. The weekend we were going is when they're having their city wide garage sale. I thought to myself, “Ok, Midland it is.”
We booked the hotel room at Hampton Inn, Midland. I only printed a Map on how to get to Midland, other than that, no maps. We left West Michigan by 8:15am, arrived midland at around 10:30am. What was the first thing we did? Well, we started following the garage sale signs. Went to a quite a few of them, i picked up 3 old cameras for cheap, and 2 of them still had film in there yet. One of them had a roll of fully exposed 130 film inside. If you don't know what it is, its about 60 years old at least. My girlfriend decided that they had to fill up the whole car with garage sale stuff, that was fun. The people in Midland are very polite and nice.
We got to the hotel about 2:30pm. We checked in, set the computer up, and tried to decide where to eat. Finally we figured we're going to have dinner at a place called Cafe Zinc, downtown. But before we have dinner, we decided to go downtown to have a look. Now, remember, we do not have maps of midland? No worries, apparently there is a superb sign system in Midland. Just about every 2 blocks it has signs pointing you to major attractions in town. So we just followed the signs, and got to Downtown Midland.
First thing we did was a quick drive-by of the whole downtown. The downtown area isn't really that big, we quickly located the Tridge, the restaurant and the courthouse. We were sitting at traffic light by the courthouse, we saw something really strange. Seemed like we were surrounded by guys that looks like Santa Claus. I just laughed if off and thought it was a coincidence. We saw a Tourist Information Kiosk up the road, so we stopped. Just when we stopped at the Kiosk, we noticed there is a strange house on the left of us, and all the Santa Clauses were going in there. It sort of made sense now, there is a sign outside the house, “The Santa School”. After talking to a lady outside the building, i found out that's where Santa goes to school to learn about the business, law, and ethics of being a Santa Claus. Very Interesting indeed. I took a couple photos with my Yashica 230AF ( as you can see from my previous blog post)
Is it Midland, Or North Pole? We've been ambushed by Santa
Outside the Santa School
Yashica 230 AF Tri X @ 1600 CP Y2
After getting a map of downtown from the kiosk. I found out there is a camera shop right around the corner. Well, knowing me, I have to stop in there and get something. And, i was low on 120 b&w film. So I went to the MEIER CAMERA SHOP , 122 W Main, Midland, MI. I walked inside the camera shop asking for 120 b/w film. Sadly they didn't have any, which I don't really blame them, because less and fewer people buy them now, even though the quality exceeds a Hasselblad H4D. Anyway, staying on the subject, I start making small talk with the owner of that place, they asked me, “black and white 120 right?” “Yes sir”. They went to their back room and managed to find 3 rolls of expired T-MAX 400 TMY for me on the house. They showed me around a little bit. There were display of photos from artist of the month at the back room, next to it their film camera collection. Very interesting collection, I can't help by smile they had a Petri 7S inside their case, which, mine is sitting right in front of me as we speak. Anyway, I felt bad for their hospitality, I gave them a roll of Kodak Color II 620 Roll (unopened) that i got from a garage sale earlier, for their camera collection. Very nice people, they know what they're talking about, and they mentioned about classes and such. So if you're near Midland area , I highly recommend this camera shop to you. http://meiercamera.com/
After scoring 3 rolls of 120, its time to take some photos. But i still have to finish the ones in my Yashica 35mm yet. So we stopped by the Tridge by the rivers. If you don't know what a Tridge is, basically its 3 bridges connected in the middle above the water. At all 3 ends of the bridge are trails or parks. Very nice place indeed if you're looking for someplace sorta quiet. There were 2 guys playing guitar in the center of the Tridge, now why didn't I bring mine?
The Tridge
A bench in the park overlooking the Tridge
Looking at other side of the river on a trail
Couple Laying On the Grass
Fishing Under The Tridge
Yashica 230 AF Tri X @ 1600 CP Y2
Time goes by pretty fast, we got the Cafe Zinc at around 6:30. Don't let the name fool you, It's definitely not Cafe Prices, if anything its a fine dining cafe. I looked at the menu online earlier in the hotel room, looks promising. The interior is nice and modern. The servers were nice and proper. I ordered French Onion Soup, Chicken Liver Pete, their daily special, Grilled Sword Fish and Fried rice. My girlfriend ordered the same soup, and Duck with Risotto. The soup was tasteful, sadly It's very hard to eat the cheese once its melted in a ball sitting at the bottom of the bowl once you stirred it. But nonetheless , the cheese was really fresh. The Chicken Liver Pete was great also, even though my girlfriend would not agree. Then comes the main dish, Grilled sword fish, and the duck with risotto. The fish was fresh, and it was grilled properly with great skill. A lot of times when I go out and eat, I like to complain that I can cook better at home myself. Not this time, I admit the defeat. I can't grill the fish to such perfection (yet). The Duck was also nice, so was the risotto. We had dessert also, but i can't remember what we had. I'm not a big dessert guy, so i wasn't impressed. Anyways, $110 later, we were full and happy. We walked around downtown a little more after dark, and the mall, and we went back to the hotel room. I might get more photos up of the restaurant if I ever finish the roll in my Olympus Pen EE.
Outside the Cafe Zinc – Downtown Midland
Afterdark – Midland County Court House – A very unique building
Downtown Midland At Night
Yashica 230 AF Tri X @ 1600 CP Y2
Next day I woke up, I did something very unusual. I went down to the lobby of the Hampton to eat their breakfast. I never have the free breakfast at hotels, usually. First i like to sleep. Second, they usually have nothing good or a very limited selection. My girlfriend told me there were going be a lot of selections for breakfast, and I decided to go check it out. Oh my god, Waffles, scramble eggs, sausage patties, fried potatoes, juice, different kinds of coffee and such, never had a hotel breakfast that good. Anyway, when we checked out, we asked the hotel clerk what else is there to do in midland. They suggested the Dow Gardens. They had free passes for us if we wished. Free passes? Why not!
Once again, we followed the signs to Dow Gardens. Didn't have a problem getting there at all. I was thinking about how we have Van Andel this and Meijer that ainGrand Rapids, lets see what you got in the Dow Gardens. I decided to bring my Mamiya 645 PRO with my 55mm in there. Got in with our free pass with no problem, as long as you tell them you got that from the hotel, It's supposed to be one person per pass card. It was early in the morning, the grass was wet yet, trees were red yellow and orange with flowers along the path. What a lovely place in the fall. There are steams and ponds inside the garden, with a green house and 2 different houses in there. Well, if you wish to call one of them a house. The first one I think is the Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow estate. Funny, there are people living inside that house. My girlfriend and I almost walked inside, till i saw the cat behind the screen door. The second one would be The Alden B. Dow Home & Studio. This “structure” is definitely something else. I found out they have daily tours inside the house, sadly time did not permit. Let me tell you this, from what I read, part of the structure is actually underwater! Next time I'll go on that tour and get some nice photos. I put up another blog post about the Alden B Dow home and studio couple days ago, and the director of the place happened to comment on my post and tell me about the tour hours. Well, I look at that as an invitation to go back to Midland.
Alden B Dow Home and Studio
Dow Gardens
In the Rose Garden at Dow Gardens
Mamiya 645 / Kodak Plus X /
With the 645 and my spot meter, i can exercise the zone system more efficiently
The Mini Water Fall
Stream and Walkway -Dow Gardens
Yashica 230 AF y2 CP / Kodak Tri X @ 1600
After the Dow Garden, I looked at the back of the pass, it said its also good for Whiting Forest. Since we didn't have any better idea, “Why not?” The whiting forest is part of the Dow Gardens basically. When we arrived there were only 2 cars in the parking lot. I thought they were closed, but nope, they were open. We went inside the entrance building and my smart mouth decided to ask the lady behind the desk “So , what you got in here?” They answered, “Basically what you're seeing through the window right there”. We laughed, and they explained a little more, its basically just woods and trails. Well, once again, we got the pass, why not, we went in there. I had fun walking on the trails inside, it was peaceful, surrounded by autumn foliage. My girlfriend on the other hand, doesn't think its all that great, especially when they charge you $5 if you don't have a pass like we do. Well, the way I look at it, somebody gotta pay somebody to take care of the place you know. But, if you're smart, you can go get a seasonal pass at Dow Garden for 10 dollars and go to both places! As far as I remember. Anyway, it was a nice walk, we were in there for about 45 mins, more people showed up, and I managed to get some pretty good shots in there. Right, they also have different signs through-out the trails you can learn about the plants and stuff. But personally, i really love the benches in there. When there are not so many people in there, its kinda like your own heaven, and its private property, so you don't have to worry about silly people. Here are some photos inside the Whiting forest. For more info about Dow Gardens and Whiting Forest, please visit http://www.dowgardens.org/
Whiting Forest
Whiting Forest
Whiting Forest
On the trail
Mamiya 645 Pro / Kodak PX125 / D76
Well after the whiting forest, we returned the pass back to the hotel and we went back downtown to visit the candy shop. They actually have a huge variety of chocolate in there, freshly made. We picked up a little bit of this and that with the little money we had left, and it was well worth it. After that, we said goodbye to Midland.
I'll strongly recommend to anyone, stay a night or two in Midland and especially at the Hampton Inn (right across from the mall). Its a quiet town filled with nice people everywhere you go, and relaxing stuff to do.
Oct 2010 – Derek W
The roll of Tri X is kinda under par this time. Partly because of constantly changing temperature in my developer. However, I monitored the temp in the middle of the development for my Plus X, that's why it turned out perfect.
CHP leader nets 10,000 legal complaints for naming Erdoğan ‘sham dictator'
ANKARA
AA photo
The number of legal complaints against main opposition leader Kemal Kılıçdaorğlu for “insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan” during two recent speeches and in their Twitter postings has reached 10,000.Kılıçdaroğlu named Erdoğan a “sham dictator” during a speech at the Jan. 16 Republican People's Party (CHP) congress, a weekly address to their party deputies three days later and postings the same day.“Would I call someone who admires Hitler, has polarized society and has turned the country into an inferno a peace envoy instead of a sham dictator?” Kılıçdaroğlu wrote.The Parliamentary Crimes Department of the Ankara Chief Prosecutor's Office keeps receiving complaints on the matter, according to data gathered by Anadolu Agency.Some 5,600 of the complaints were placed in Ankara, while those in other provinces are also directed to the capital, it said.Complaints mainly come from ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) deputies, party members and some civil society organizations, it also said.Erdoğan themselves has opened a lawsuit against Kılıçdaorğlu, demanding 100,000 Turkish Liras, or roughly $34,000, in compensation.
In an exclusive statement to Breitbart News ahead of the New Hampshire primary, conservative columnist and eleven-time New York Times bestselling author Ann Coulter warned that if the donor-class gets its way and Marco Rubio is the Republican nominee, it will be the “end of America.”
“THE END OF AMERICA,” Coulter wrote when asked what they thought a Rubio nominee would mean for the future of the open borders movement.
“Rubio is [John] McCain is sheep's clothing,” Coulter explained. “He's the Manchurian candidate. At least with McCain, conservatives knew we were getting an open borders zealot and just made the calculation that they could win. Rubio has half the conservative movement thinking he's Reagan. I've never seen anything like it. He's McCain without the war record or experience.”
In a 15-page memo documenting Rubio's “betrayal” of conservatives, living legend and grassroots hero Phyllis Schlafly seemed to echo Coulter's assertion. Schlafly's memo states:
There is no single major distinguishing policy difference between Marco Rubio, John McCain or Lindsey Graham. They have the same trade policy, immigration policy and foreign policy. But on immigration most especially — the issue in which all four have invested the most — there is no daylight separating them. The difference, then, is one of persona, not policy. And in the arena of immigration, this translates into a vital difference. The biggest change from McCain-Kennedy, which could not get out of the Senate, and the Gang of Eight — which was nursed along by conservative pundits despite being to the left of Kennedy's bill — was the presence of Rubio. Rubio created the conditions necessary to produce a considerably more open borders bill: conservatives who were invested in the Rubio Brand provided no early pushback but accepted Kennedy's old talking points, and Rubio gave red state Democrats the political space necessary to support it. This is how it got 68 votes in the Senate. The stakes of course are raised considerably if Rubio is President or Vice President. Rubio would have a much, much better chance than Obama of getting an open borders bill through Congress… there is likely no person in the United States of America in a better position to enact mass immigration legislation than a President Rubio… Rubio is the candidate of open borders, Obamatrade and mass immigration, making one last attempt to pull off one big con.
In their memo, Schlafly documented Rubio's history of successfully deceiving conservatives. Schlalfy notes that Rubio, without any seeming compunction, “repeatedly lied” to conservative media and opinion makers who trusted him: “His deceptions about their immigration bill rivaled and exceeded Obama's claims about disastrous Obamacare.”
Schlafly's memo continues:
The seminal moment of the media tour occurred early, on Rush Limbaugh's show. They [Rubio] declared: “If there is not language in this bill that guarantees that nothing else will happen unless these enforcement mechanisms are in place, I won't support it.” Of course, we know there wasn't any such language but they voted for it anyway. But this promise — and many others — and the calculated neutralization of conservative media, helped Schumer get 68 votes. But conservatives trusted Rubio. Limbaugh declared: ‘you are meeting everybody honestly.' Rubio told [Sean] Hannity, on their media tour that: “I don't think any of that [amnesty] begins until we certify that the border security progress has been real. That a workplace enforcement mechanism is in place. That we are tracking visitors to our country, especially when they exit.” This prompted Hannity to reply: “It's probably the most thoughtful bill that I have heard heretofore.” At this point, it looked like the biggest mass immigration plan in history would breeze through Congress — all without Rubio saying a word about what was really in the heart of the bill: the largest immigration expansion in American history. To this day, Rubio will not answer if asked about how many green cards their bill gave out.”
Like Coulter, Schlafly has previously warned that if immigration is not stopped: “We're not going to be America anymore.”
If we don't stop immigration—this torrent of immigrants coming in—we're not going to be America anymore because most of the people coming in have no experience with limited government. They don't know what that is. They look to the government to solve all of their problems, and as soon as we have a high majority of people who think that, it's going to be a different country.
To this day, Rubio continues to support giving citizenship to illegal immigrants, substantially expanding visa issuances for foreign guest workers, increasing refugee resettlement, and surging immigration beyond all known historical precedent.
In many cities across the country, $350,000 is enough to buy a nice sized home with all the trimmings.
But in America's most expensive city, San Francisco, that amount of money is only enough to land a person in a wooden shack.
A new real estate listing in the Outer Mission neighborhood of the city has a dilapidated 765-square-foot wood siding home for sale for $350,000.
The two bedroom and one bathroom California dwelling sits on a 1,633-square-foot lot on 16 De Long Street in the city.
The tiny abode is being showcased as a single family home and costs an expensive $458 per square foot
What money can buy: The tiny brown home pictured above is being sold in San Francisco for $350,000
Located in the Outer Mission neighborhood, the 765-square-foot wood siding home only has two bedrooms
The tiny one-story abode is being showcased as a single family home. It costs an expensive $458 per square foot.
The listing describes the property as a 'distinguished home in need of work.'
Built in 1906, it looks minute and outdated compared with the other homes in the neighborhood.
The minute home sits on a 1,633-square-foot lot on 16 De Long Street in San Francisco, California
A recent report by Zumper revealed that San Francisco is the most expensive city in the US when it comes to renting homes.
The average cost for a one-bedroom apartment reached a record $3,530 in the city in August, compared with $3,160 in New York, $2,270 in Boston and $2,110 in Washington DC.
Risks and challenges
Like any film, there are always risks involved. I have worked in television & film for over 12 years. I've been telling stories while working on News, Documentaries, and Film. This is a visual effect (VFX) intensive project. Even though it is a short film, my biggest goal is to stay on target with the delivery dates and not skip out on quality. That's why I've hired the BEST!
I've backed my share of Kickstarters, and I have seen great success & absolute failures. My promise to you is to do my ABSOLUTE BEST to make this project a great success! I will keep communication on the page with monthly updates to ensure this production comes to fruition. You can also get early access to updates, behind the scenes experiences and sneak peeks by signing up for our email newsletters!
There is the unbelievable and then there's the plain ridiculous.
Four persons, allegedly activists belonging to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena political party, have been arrested allegedly on charges of buying a car just to set it on fire in order to make it look like their party was protesting against rivals Nationalist Congress Party.
The four activists had allegedly gone to a car dealer and bought a Maruti 800 car for Rs 35,000 which they then proceeded to set on fire in Kurla, located in central Mumbai, in full view of news cameras to make it look like they had targeted a member of the NCP, reports NDTV.
The four accused - Mustaki Ahmad Ali Shaikh, Abdul Hussain Shaikh, Asif Ali Murtuja Shaikh and Shanhan Asif Ali Turki - were also nabbed by local police and have been booked for staging the protest purely to make it look the two parties had taken to streets against each other.
The visuals of the car on fire was aired on most national channels and had triggered tension in the city and many parts of the state, reported Zee News.
However, if they do get bail from a court, one thing's for sure the four, who seem to have enough money to burn, are unlikely to face much trouble in posting it.
The burning of the car came a day after the MNS party chief Thackeray car was attacked by NCP cadre in Ahmednagar and was believed as being an escalation of tensions between the two parties.
The two parties have been at loggerheads since Thackeray made speeches in which they blamed Agriculture minister and NCP party chief Sharad Pawar for the ongoing drought in the state. What irked the NCP was that the speeches were made in strongholds of the NCP in the state like Kolhapur and Solapur in western Maharashtra.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Image copyright Getty Images
Bangladesh's small community of online atheists is in shock after the murder of another blogger. Many are focusing on one detail of the latest killing - its location.
The men who hacked Niloy Neel to death with machetes seemed to be following a gory pattern that we have already seen three times this year.
Just like Avijit Roy, Washiqur Rahman and Ananta Bijoy Das - all killed recently - the victim was known to internet users as an atheist. They form a community who, for several years, used blog posts to challenge the existence of God, and to argue with Islamic and other religious and political ideas.
Islamic extremists have been blamed by authorities for the spate of murders of atheists.
There was one crucial difference this time, however: Neel was attacked in their own home, whereas the others were attacked in public.
Last week I was in Dhaka, speaking to bloggers and Islamic groups, and broadcasting a special hour-long edition of BBC Trending on World Service radio. We met several atheist and secular bloggers who were extremely cautious in public but felt it was safe to talk to us at home - at least at that point.
Image copyright Other Image caption Niloy Neel was an atheist from a Hindu background
The 'list'
So far, two madrassa students have been arrested for Rahman's killing, and an online Islamist who called for Roy's murder has been detained - though no one has yet been charged.
All four men killed were on a list of 84 "atheist bloggers". The list was drawn up by Islamic groups in 2013 and has been widely circulated. It was originally submitted to the government with the aim of having these bloggers arrested, and tried for blasphemy.
The large Islamic groups who initially wanted bloggers arrested told us they have no knowledge of who is killing them. Online, many pro-Islamic voices condemn the killings but also criticise secular and atheist bloggers.
"They were making fun of Allah, in a really bad way," Trivuz Alam, a conservative blogger, told BBC Trending.
Talukder Shaheb (not their real name), a young blogger associated with the Jamaat-e-Islami political party, also condemned the murders but defended those who want the bloggers arrested.
"In Bangladesh you can get arrested for criticising the prime minister," they said. "Then why not criticising God, because God is much higher than the prime minister, right?"
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bangladeshi social activists wait to pay their last respects to blogger Avijit Roy
The backdrop to the killings is more complex than the argument over religion alone, though. There is a political history too.
For example, Islamic groups label all these bloggers as simply "atheists" - and indeed many were. But in fact, others on the list would be better described as secular voices, not questioning religious belief but arguing against a public role for religion in Bangladesh.
What united them as bloggers was involvement in a wider, mainly secular protest movement that took to the streets in the Shahbag area of Dhaka in 2013. Among other things, they wanted the death penalty for a convicted war criminal from the Jamaat-e-Islami party.
This secular street movement was later opposed by Islamic groups, who themselves took to the streets - until the police cracked down on them.
Bloggers arrested
Bangladesh's Minister of Information, Hasanul Haq Inu, told BBC Trending that religious militants had tried to "divert the issue" - or draw attention away from themselves - by attacking the bloggers as "atheists and anti-Islam".
But two years on, after the spate of murders, many of the bloggers are now furious with the authorities.
Image copyright Getty Images
They accuse the authorities not only of failing to protect them - but of arresting atheist bloggers to appease Islamic groups.
Six have been arrested and bailed on charges of hurting religious sentiment.
Sarah Hossain, a human rights lawyer who represented several arrested bloggers, told us: "The concern that many of us have been that while you cannot hurt religious sentiment, you can hurt secular sentiment as much as you want."
The government has been accused of suppressing freedom of speech for religious and secular voices alike, including through the arrests of opposition figures.
But Mr Inu defended government actions. "We have certain laws that say you shouldn't use religion in the wrong manner," they said. "If you incite somebody or you incite disorder, then you are supposed to be arrested and face trial,"
They denied freedom of speech was under threat in Bangladesh.
"If you look at the mass media and social media, everybody is criticising the loopholes of the government or the misuse of power, or corruption," they said.
'Open prison'
The mood among atheist and secular bloggers, after the latest murder, is a mixture of fear and defiance.
"Bloggers [and] progressive-minded members of society are fuming with rage," blogger Arif Rahman tells BBC Trending. "Bloggers are no longer afraid. The anger towards the government is now the main theme."
But others seem more cautious. One tells us the whole country has become an "open prison" for them and their young family, and they have been scared into censoring some of what they write.
This morning, they say they are even more terrified. "There isn't an inch of safe space in Bangladesh," they say. With a blogger now killed at home, they ask: "How can I think my house is safe?"
Additional reporting by Estelle Doyle
Next story: How an 'Indian worker slapped' shocked an Arab nation
Image copyright YouTube/Noura Al-Otaibi Image caption Bahrainis online have criticised the slapping of an expatriate
A video of what looks like a migrant worker being slapped in Bahrain has shocked many in the country. READ MORE
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Married At First Sight BREAKING NEWS
No, it's not that Vanessa Nelson and Tres Russell are preggers. (Although there is much speculation about this topic right now.) The big news is that I was in Hotlanta (which is apparently a very annoying way to refer to Atlanta – sorry natives! lol) last week chatting it up with every single person from season 3 of Married At First Sight. FYI is going to air our chats immediately after each episode so yall have the chance to hear from the participants themselves. They share exactly how they felt and what they were thinking while they filmed each episode. And let me just tell you now, I found out things that are so surprising and shocking my mouth hit the floor. Other things I heard filled my heart with joy and happiness – but of course it wasn't hunkey dorey for all of them – there was some sadness revealed while filming these episodes, too. No doubt I was on the edge of my seat hearing from these couples. You guys have got to watch this! Set your DVR's to record “Married At First Sight: Unfiltered” every Tuesday night!
The Struggle Is Real
Back to the recaps. Neil Bowlus and Sam Role are still having a tough time getting on the same page. They don't have their own home yet. (HUGE red flag if you ask me.) And when trying to work on their intimacy homework Sam literally cannot sit still and look their hubs in the eyes for longer than a few seconds before they wrinkle their nose and goes cross eyed. It's not just intimacy that's an issue. They complain about Neil being passive-aggressive, too.
Neil is beginning to break. They share “It hurts my feelings that … Sam is making faces and making light of the situation. I need someone who is going to take me seriously.” Ahh, my heart hurts watching these two struggle as newlyweds.
Thank God for having more than one homework assignment to lean on during the experiment. While this couple sucked at quietly connecting while touching knees and hands they find better luck with their next assignment. Greg encouraged them to cook a traditional jewish meal (Sam's roots).
Believe it or not, these two actually NAILED IT! It's not just that they didn't burn the food – they were chatting and laughing and having a grand time TOGETHER. And that matzah ball soup and those potato latkes looked delish – just sayin'! (Random Fact: the first time my hubs, Doug, was sick while married to me was a few weeks after our experiment ended. I had been kinda dating a jewish man prior to marrying Doug so I had matzah ball soup mix in my cupboard. I made it for Doug and they fell in love with the jewish soup (and I began falling in love with him) … neither of us are jewish. Ha.
Growing Closer
While Neil and Sam were enjoying the meal they just cooked together Sam begins to open up to Neil. They confess they never thought she'd run out of time with their grandmother. When their dad encouraged them to come home to visit their grandma they kind of just poo-poo'd it thinking they were just overreacting. They share their heartbreaking story about never having the chance to tell their grandma what they needed to tell them before they died in their arms.”She started to deteriorate, and then the day that I went and saw her, there are things that I never got to say to them that I always wish I could have said, but it was too late. It was too late,” Sam cried. “I am telling you that as much as you think you don't need to say certain things or you don't need to express certain things because you're going to be able to have that time, it's not true.” Neil looked at Sam with empathy. But you could also see a bit of ‘OMG, my wife was just serious and emotionally intimate with me!' They had a GIGANTIC breakthrough. Who knew matzah balls and potato latkes could break through so many walls? Who knew? Greg knew! 😉
Will Sam Begin To Fall For Neil?
I hate that I kinda know the ending now because I can't share my predictions anymore. I don't want to spoil it for yall so let me just quote Sam on this one “I feel myself growing closer, I feel we actually are a unit now.” 🙂
MAFS Cooking
Is it just me or is the third season of Married At First Sight killin' it in the kitchen compared to the first two seasons? (Yes, I can admit I am just now learning how to cook!) *Hangs head in shame* Lol. No, but really! These guys have some serious cooking skills. Even Tres, the self professed bachelor, has some yummy recipes up their sleeve! They made a taco salad that looked amazeballs to me! Vanessa wasn't digging it, though. Maybe it was the Doritos. Or maybe it's because they actually know how to cook. Lol
Doggy Love and Painting Fun
These two continue to make me swoon. I mean, c'mon, Tres is willing to go to one of those BYOB painting classes with Vanessa. So adorbs! And, when it's obvious little Nola needs some dog training (she's pooing and peeing everywhere) they bring the pup to the trainer together. They seem to be a match made in heaven to me! Vanessa agrees, “I feel like we are finally a real married couple.” WOAH, it's only been one month! It took Doug and I took nearly a year to feel that way. Apparently it's not too fast for this couple. Even Tres says they “prays to God to bless our marriage everyday.”
Stop it, you two. Just kidding. I love it – keep it coming! You give me hope in love at first sight. I wasn't a believer, but if you two make it I will become one.
Unattraction and Awkwardness
More Breaking News: Ashley Doherty isn't attracted to David Norton. Ok, so it isn't exactly big news for me or you or anyone else for that matter, but apparently it was for David. (C'mon buddy, you couldn't tell before?! The ‘I can barely look you in the eye let alone let you kiss me' vibes they were flaring didn't reveal any subliminal messages?!) 😉 They hated the way they found out: Dr. Joseph telling him. They said they would've preferred their wife telling him. Well, this is awkward. How do you tell your new hubs that you just aren't physically attracted to him? If you were me you'd just blurt it out in an awkward conversation off camera. Ashley has way more grace (and genuine concern for their stranger hubby's feelings) than I did when it comes to this. Too bad it bit them right in the behind.
“I'm more hurt that I find out from someone else,” they argued with Ashley, who said that was the exact thing they were trying to avoid and why they hadn't brought it up. But that didn't cut it for David who snapped “So you had someone else do it?!” They continued, “I didn't sign up for Best Friends at First Sight. That's not what I wanted. I wanted a wife.”
This sounds like a lose-lose situation. The bottom line is that it hurts and sucks when there isn't immediate physical attraction. How do you get past it? (I'm writing a book that touches on this topic.) When a couple is doomed with the lack of attraction from the beginning it's either just never going to work out OR they will come out of the experiment with a bond that is built on friendship, respect, and loyalty – and love can grow from there. (At least that is what happened for Doug and me.) We shall see with these two.
Will Ashley grow attracted to David?
Again, it really stinks that I know the answer to this. (At least I think I know. Things can always change for the better or for the worse.) I'll let Ashley answer this question: “I can't answer that right now, but I can say that I feel like things are stacked up against us.”
If you were in Ashley's shoes how would you have handled the “I'm not attracted to my husband” scenario? What would you think if you were in David's shoes? Sounds off in the comments below!
Married at First Sight, is on FYI tonight at 9 p.m EST! And don't miss the new Married At First Sight: Unfiltered! It airs immediately after only on FYI! I'll be tweeting and periscoping and snapchatting LIVE with yall! Woohoo!
A hot day got hotter for about 120 animals at a South Side animal shelter after thieves made off with two of the facility's air conditioning units.
The thieves also took all the copper piping and coils in the two remaining units, and did damage to other equipment on the roof of the Animal Welfare League's intake facility at 6224 S. Wabash Ave. The organization says it could cost up to $25,000 to replace the stolen machines.
"This means that funds and resources that could have gone to help shelter pets must now go toward replacing stolen property and fixing damages," said a statement on the Animal Welfare League website.
No animals were harmed in the burglary, which was discovered at about 10 p.m. Thursday.
Chicago police confirmed that a report was filed this morning and said the incident likely happened some time between 6 p.m. Monday and about 7 p.m. Thursday. No one was in custody in the thefts.
The building was open Thursday for the community pet pantry, a program in which donors can drop off pet food, said Bridgid Nolan, 34, a volunteer from Trio Animal Foundation, a Chicago non-profit that helps pay vet bills for homeless pets.
After the event ended, volunteers went inside and noticed that the facility was uncomfortably warm and wasn't getting any cooler. They went to the roof and saw that someone had taken the air conditioning units, Nolan said. The burglary was reported to police this morning.
This afternoon, the temperature in the lobby was in the mid-70s, while it was in the 80s in the area where the animals are held, Nolan estimated.
Trio brought in industrial-size fans to get air flowing through the building, "but short of getting the fans up, there's not much we can do," they said. Volunteers are also working with other rescue organizations to find other shelter for some of the roughly 80 dogs and 40 cats at the facility.
“With this weekend forecasted as one of the hottest yet, we are struggling to keep the animals as cool as possible," said Linda Estrada, Animal Welfare League Executive Director in the web statement. "In an already sluggish year with donations, this is a huge blow to us."
alwang@tribune.com
They say that economics is “the dismal science.” Frankly, I never excelled in math or science in school. That was my brother's field and they ended up a university chemist. But over the past decades, economics has become a crucial element in understanding societies, wealth and national politics. That holds doubly true in the case of Israel and Palestine.
As with everything concerning this subject, there is a propaganda “line” that Israel-advocates sell the world. First, there was the pioneer nation that made the desert bloom, turning it into a modern society. Lately, it's become the “start-up nation.” This myth sells an Israel full of technical geniuses coding their hearts out to bring innovation to the world. It suggests an Israel in tune with the democratic and entrepreneurial spirit of the rest of the world. Even a nation on the cutting edge of technological discovery. After all, if Warren Buffett invested $4-billion in one of Israel's most profitable companies, doesn't that prove the case?
While there is an element of truth to this story, as there are with all myths, it conceals far more than it reveals. A recent interview with renowned Israeli economist Dan Ben-David, exposes the rest of the sordid picture of an economy rent in two, divided between haves and have-nots, between a secular Jewish elite and all the rest. It's worth quoting extensively from this piece since Ben-David offers a probing, even revelatory portrait of a nation, and economy in dire straits. It's a picture you'll almost never see in the mainstream media:
Professor Dan Ben-David, a noted economist, has been observing Israel's socioeconomic policies and studying their long-term implications with consternation for more than two decades. Over the last six years, serving as the executive director of the Taub Center for Social Policy Studies in Israel, their insight by which the Zionist project could ”end in tears” has been deepening. They feel that ”the window of opportunity enabling us to save the state from collapse is getting smaller, as we reach the point of no return.” In an interview with Al-Monitor, Ben-David explains why the path that the State of Israel is following in its 66th year will eventually lead to the system's collapse.
Keep in mind, this isn't Norman Finkelstein or Noam Chomsky speaking. This is a respected Israeli economist who buys into the Zionist dream, albeit with a critical perspective. When they declare Israel is on the road to ruin, someone ought to sit up and take notice.
Here's more of their analysis:
Ben-David expounds upon their ideas in greater detail in this report published by their Taub Center at Tel Aviv University.
Shir Hever, one of Israel's foremost economists studying the costs of Occupation and maintenance of the national security state, and a former student of Ben David's, adds their own analysis:
…[Ben-David] doesn't ask themselves why Israel has such a faulty education system…Massive and decade-long cuts in Israel's education system have been the direct result of unsustainable security costs…Deep discrimination within Israel's education system has channeled resources to the illegal colonies, drying up the center. Israel's national education system is geared towards preparing the pupils for the army, a highly militaristic system, in which Arabic, if learnt at all, is mainly seen as a tool to enter into service in a military intelligence unit. In fact, there are entire schools which are sponsored by weapons manufacturing companies. Ben David has previously shown shocking numbers of educated Israelis who leave Israel, seeking employment elsewhere. Of course, many of those who leave do so because they hope to give their children better education somewhere else, but what about those who wish to raise their children in a less militarized environment? What Mazal Mualem refers to as the “diplomatic process,” is a code-named for a system of colonization and aparheid. This system was accepted by the majority of the Jewish-Israeli public because it promised to discriminate in their favor, but as Ben-David shows, the discrimination and inequality tends to seep further, and has caused wide gaps even within the hegemonic group. Also, this article didn't really talk about what is exactly Israel's “start-up nation.” The real question is how many of the successful companies which contribute to this image are in fact security and military companies, whose success depends on the continuation of the repression of Palestinians. Such companies are reluctant to hire Palestinian citizens of Israel, and usually ultra-Orthodox Jews as well (unless they happened to have served in the army). Therefore, the issue of occupation and apartheid is not one aspect of this story, but the very root of the problems which Ben-David so aptly describes.
In the past, Israel's advocates here have claimed that Israel's economic divisions are somehow not the fault of the State since the have-nots in the Palestinian and ultra-Orthodox sectors opt out of the national educational and social system. This is simply not an excuse. As Ben David points out, the responsibility of a government and society is to the good of the whole. If the greater good includes educating all children so that they may support themselves and their families and contribute to society, then government must both offer a good education for all and obligate parents to participate in the educational system. There is simply no excuse for accepting half the nation's children getting no or substandard educational opportunity. A society that settles for this is one that has failed, despite whatever innovation it may offer in other areas. Israel is not a nation only of the secular educated elite. It is a nation of all its citizens (or should be). If it is any less, it is a failure. Plain and simple.
Though Shir alludes here to the enormous costs of maintaining Occupation and the national security state, this article elaborates on the issue.
Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!
This currently works with skin transfers as well!
Screenshot included below.
-Zhandragon
Hey All!Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!This currently works with skin transfers as well!Screenshot included below.-Zhandragon Posted by Zhandragon
on on Quote this Post
" Zhandragon
Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!
This currently works with skin transfers as well!
Screenshot included below.
-Zhandragon
Hey All!Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!This currently works with skin transfers as well!Screenshot included below.-Zhandragon
sorry i really didnt understand that, lorris lantern? :)
would want some more explanation, please :D sorry i really didnt understand that, lorris lantern? :)would want some more explanation, please :D Posted by marremurt
on on Quote this Post
" marremurt " Zhandragon
Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!
This currently works with skin transfers as well!
Screenshot included below.
-Zhandragon
Spoiler Hey All!Just so you know, wearing Lorri's lantern on the left slot causes the tip of an arrow in an equipped bow to shine. Wearing it on the right slot causes it to shine in the shaft. Wearing two causes the entire arrow to shine!This currently works with skin transfers as well!Screenshot included below.-Zhandragon Spoiler
sorry i really didnt understand that, lorris lantern? :)
would want some more explanation, please :D sorry i really didnt understand that, lorris lantern? :)would want some more explanation, please :D
http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Lori's_Lantern http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Lori's_Lantern [quote="Ludvator"]yes GGG fix lightspeed or i quit[/quote] Posted by skinnay
on on Quote this Post
Lorri's Lantern is a unique ring that has a cosmetic effect. The white glow is meant to be on your hand but a bug causes it to float when a bow is equipped, generating a rather pleasant graphical glitch for bow users.
Wiki page about Lorri's Lantern: http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Lori's_Lantern
The page doesn't mention anything about the cosmetic effect but I assure you it's there. Little Easter egg. Last edited by Zhandragon on Oct 17, 2013, 12:06:01 PM Posted by Zhandragon
on on Quote this Post
. [quote="Ludvator"]yes GGG fix lightspeed or i quit[/quote] Last edited by skinnay on Jan 10, 2015, 11:52:21 AM Posted by skinnay
on on Quote this Post
oh i see, thanks ;)
i kinda hope they will introduce cosmetic Arrow skin when you shoot em they got different "colour/effectS" like a Lightning Arrow being shooted and not when they hit the target ;) (thats what we got extra gore for, when hitting the target!) :D Last edited by marremurt on Oct 17, 2013, 12:13:03 PM Posted by marremurt
on on Quote this Post
Made a Curse account to try and edit their wiki. The "would you like to share with your friends that you have a Curse account" ad is not closing. GG Curse.
EDIT: worked around the problem by messing with the page source code. Last edited by Zhandragon on Oct 17, 2013, 12:22:42 PM Posted by Zhandragon
on on Quote this Post
" Zhandragon
EDIT: worked around the problem by messing with the page source code. Made a Curse account to try and edit their wiki. The "would you like to share with your friends that you have a Curse account" ad is not closing. GG Curse.EDIT: worked around the problem by messing with the page source code.
Weird. What browser are you using? I'll ask around and see what can be done to fix that. Weird. What browser are you using? I'll ask around and see what can be done to fix that. Posted by iamacyborg
on on Quote this Post
‘TROOPERGATE' HEATS UP…. I'm not sure why Sarah Palin's “Troopergate” scandal isn't getting more play right now. The still largely unknown Republican VP nominee is in the midst of a fairly serious ethics controversy, and after giving their word to cooperate as part of a transparent process, Palin and their team are acting like they have a lot to hide. Usually, for the national media, this would be like waving red meat in front of a hungry dog.
Newsweek reports that Ed O'Callaghan, a former U.S. Attorney dispatched to Alaska by the McCain campaign, is actively trying to shut the investigation down.
The AP reports that Alaska's Republican state attorney general is blocking state employees from honoring legislative subpoenas, and explained yesterday that the officials are refusing to testify as part of the investigation.
TPM's Zachary Roth reports that Alaskan Republicans have enlisted out-of-state, right-wing lawyers to file suit, hoping to halt the investigation.
As we talked about yesterday, Palin is now refusing to cooperate with the investigation she'd vowed to cooperate with, and is claiming executive privilege to shield their gubernatorial emails from scrutiny from investigators.
And even conservative Alaskans are surprised by the new-found, McCain-driven efforts to destroy Walt Monegan's reputation.
You really can't experience the full effect of Monday's news conference featuring Palin spokesperson Meghan Stapleton unless you hear it for yourself. Stapleton passionately attacked former Commissioner of Public Safety Walt Monegan. Them rhetoric was plain, desperate, and obvious. Them tone, pure shrill. With intensity, urgency, and alarm in their voice, Stapleton described Monegan's behavior as commissioner as egregious insubordination, full of obstructionist conduct and a brazen refusal to follow instructions. Did Walt Monegan, former Marine, and lifetime crime fighter deserve this? Of course not. But history has proven, get in the way of Sarah Barracuda's political ambition, and you won't know what hit you.
In a reasonable political environment, these circumstances would create a genuine feeding frenzy. We have an ethics scandal, involving a candidate for national office who appears to have lied, and who keeps changing their story. We have promises of cooperation, followed by complete and total obduracy. We have powerful Republicans converging to shut down a legitimate investigation.
We have, in other words, a serious political scandal, which a presidential campaign is doing its best to obstruct. Where's the outrage?
In a whirl of ballet slippers, glittery spandex outfits and feathered bodices, China's army was determined to show a softer face in Hong Kong this weekend.
The show, titled “Love in Hong Kong,” was performed by the People's Liberation Army art troupe, and enjoyed a two-night run attended by 6,000 spectators.
The spectacle mixed goose-stepping interludes with acrobatics, women flitting about the stage wearing columns of pink tulle, and men belting out operatic odes such as “Hello, Hong Kong,” “I'm By Your Side,” and “Hong Kong's Better Tomorrow.”
A giant screen backdropped the performance, broadcasting shots of army personnel riding tanks, kissing young children and doing training exercises in the mud.
Though the PLA generally tries to keep a low profile in Hong Kong to avoid ruffling local sensibilities, the gala event—timed to coincide with the 15th anniversary of the former British colony's return to Chinese rule—was just the latest in a series of similar events that have been held over the years.
In one early opening number, dozens of men in military fatigues and combat helmets twirled and did somersaults about the stage as computer-generated bolts of neon yellow and green lightening forked overhead on the screen. In another, ranks of women clad in pastel flounces danced as electronic butterflies and bright flowers circled above them onscreen.
An electric fan kept a pair of Hong Kong and Chinese flags fluttering at all times at the front of the stage, which was frescoed by giant magenta replicas of the bauhinia, the flower that the city has adopted as its emblem. Between performances, a duo of Mandarin and Cantonese-speaking emcees introduced the acts and told the crowd that the exuberant spirit of the performers also represented “the way we feel about Hong Kong.”
It was a common refrain. Other songs that night, for example, included anthems to “love in the buildings of Tsim Tsa Tsui, love in the bustling streets of Causeway Bay” and lyrics such as, “I use the sound of this song to embrace you, eastern pearl, my Hong Kong.”
The PLA has made other efforts in Hong Kong to build ties with the local community, including hosting an extremely popular annual open house and supporting a military summer camp for the city's students.
Since its 1997 return to Chinese control, Hong Kong has maintained its own political and economic system—including its political freedoms—but its diplomatic relations and defense are managed by Beijing. The city's raucous pro-democracy movement remains a thorn in Beijing's side: Tonight, organizers are calling for 150,000 people to hold a massive candlelit vigil in Hong Kong to commemorate the anniversary of June 4, the day that People's Liberation Army soldiers gunned down unarmed student protestors in Beijing's streets.
This weekend's audience, including dozens of green-clad military personnel and dignitaries such as the city's first post-handover leader, Tung Chee-Hwa, received the PLA's performance with enthusiastic applause.
“It makes me feel really proud to see Chinese people perform so beautifully,” said one local college student who was attending the show with friends and declined to be named.
Others were also quick to give the show a thumbs-up at the end of the night. “I really like Hong Kong,” said one People's Liberation Army soldier in attendance, as the audience gave the PLA's performers an appreciative curtain call. “Hong Kong people are so warmhearted.”
-- Te-Ping Chen. Follow them on Twitter @tepingchen
Like China Real Time on Facebook for the latest updates.
MISSING PERSON ALERT: Mary Lou Raffaele, 73, of Winthrop
The Boston Police Department is seeking the public's help in efforts to locate Mary Lou Raffaele, 73, of Winthrop, who was reported missing earlier today. They were last seen at about 2:40pm, on Monday, March 16, 2015, in the area of 90 Canal Street in Boston. Raffaele is described as a white female, 5'10" tall, approximately 108 lbs, with blonde hair and blue eyes. When last seen, they were wearing a full length black North Face jacket with fur hood, grey shirt, grey zip-up sweater, black pinstripe pants and black shoes.
Raffaele suffers from dementia and is diabetic. Moreover, they were due for an insulin shot at 5:00PM. Family members tell us they are not carrying any identification, credit cards, or cell phone.
Anyone with information regarding Mary Lou Raffaele or their whereabouts is asked to please contact Area A-1 (Downtown) detectives at (617) 343-4248. Community members who wish to help anonymously can either call the CrimeStoppers Tip Line at 1(800)494-TIPS or text the word ‘TIP' to CRIME (27463).
And so it was, that John Boehner folded. We'd figured they would have held out until Friday, but Boehner decided to get it over with on Tuesday so that coverage of Benjamin Netanyahu's speech would blot it out. Not a bad idea. Maybe the only decent idea John Boehner has had in some time.
The Department of Homeland Security will now join the other departments in being fully funded through the end of FY2015. Run along now, DHS, and play with your friends! John Boehner cut their losses about a week after Mitch McConnell cut theirs and about three months after both should have opted not to pick this fight in the first place. The Speaker passed the bill to fund DHS without any immigration-related riders with nearly unanimous Democratic support but only about one-third support from their own Republican conference.
Advertisement:
This is a violation of the so-called "Hastert Rule" -- not a formal chamber rule, but a leader's heuristic -- wherein the leadership will only bring to the floor bills that have the support of a majority of the majority. It's an open question as to whether Boehner cares about the Hastert Rule or if the Hastert Rule even exists. Former Speaker Denny Hastert, the rule's namesake, denies the existence of such a rule. And Boehner has broken it so many times already that, instead of calling it the "Hastert Rule," we might call it the "Boehner Guideline." As in: the Speaker shall only bring to the floor bills that have the support of a majority of the majority... unless he's in a real pickle, amirite?
Call it what you will, but bringing up this vote was a clear violation of right-flank's own "John Boehner must never be mean to us" rule. The Cool Conservatives Club is furious. So Boehner's finished, right? You're dumping him? Day/time?
Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan, who heads the House Freedom Caucus -- a group expressly established to force Boehner to the right -- was pressed by CNN's Dana Bash on "State of the Union" Sunday about a potential effort to remove Boehner. "That's not going to happen," they said, signaling the group may be unhappy but they aren't at the point of launching a coup.
Oh. Boehner's job is safe, just as it has been following all the other times they caved and used Democratic votes to pass vital legislation.
The excuse that Boehner's allies always used to explain why they repeatedly put the nation through this trauma is that their speakership is on the line if they defy conservatives. The problem is not that this is selfish. Representative politics is selfish: protecting your self-interest is supposed make you receptive to the demands of those you represent.
The problem with this excuse is that it's been disproven. Consider the data points! Boehner always ends up defying conservatives when he's out of options and time to stall, and yet here they are, still the Speaker. House conservatives, by whom we mean members who may or may not be conservative but like to scream tactical nonsense, get all worked up about the terrible consequences if Boehner caves, and when they do, they... move on with the rest of their day, just like every other person on this godforsaken planet.
This suggests that Boehner's job is never really on the line, so he'd be better off not building up expectations for months at a time before arriving at the inevitable result. They would recognize that Republicans would lose the next bout of brinksmanship and cut their losses at the beginning, saving everyone the time and humiliation.
Advertisement:
But maybe Boehner does have to go through the theatrics. That they and the conservatives have a wink-wink agreement, where they get to keep their job in the end but only after they waste a ton of time catering to them. If they caved right away, the conservatives might actually feel pressure from constituents to go through with a coup. And who would that help, aside from America? The conservatives need John Boehner there as a constant against whom to forge their own identities as anti-Boehners. Without John Boehner, what would they be?
An activist of Hifazat-e-Islam paints a slogan on a street ahead of a rally to demand authorities enact an anti-blasphemy law punishing people who insult Islam, in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Saturday. (Photo11: A.M. Ahad, AP) Story Highlights Protesters demanded anti-blasphemy laws
Islamic group is targeting opposition bloggers
Roads throughout Dhaka were shut down
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Hundreds of thousands of members of a hardline Muslim group rallied in Bangladesh's capital on Saturday to demand authorities enact anti-blasphemy laws to punish people who insult Islam.
Separately, members of the group, Hifazat-e-Islam, clashed with police and pro-government activists in a district outside of the capital, leaving a ruling party supporter dead.
The massive rally in Dhaka took place amid heightened security in the capital and elsewhere in Bangladesh after Hifazat-e-Islam members targeted bloggers who they say are atheists. It also took place despite a daylong shutdown across the Muslim-majority country that was enforced by about 25 liberal and secular groups to denounce the rally.
The bloggers, who deny they are atheists, are seeking capital punishment for those found guilty of war crimes during the nation's 1971 independence war against Pakistan. They also want a ban on Jamaat-e-Islami, the country's largest Islamic party, for campaigning against Bangladesh's independence more than four decades ago. The party is a key partner of the main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party, which is led by former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia.
Top Jamaat-e-Islami leaders are accused of crimes against humanity during the 1971 war, and two senior party leaders were convicted this year by a special tribunal. Bangladesh says as many as 3 million people were killed and 200,000 women raped by Pakistani troops and local collaborators during the war.
The organizers of the shutdown said the hardline group was not interested in protecting Islam, but that rather it wants to create an environment in the country to help Jamaat-e-Islami free the party's detained leaders.
As a result of the shutdown, roads were blocked and train and bus services were suspended, practically cutting Dhaka off from rest of the country.
Still, hundreds of thousands of Hifazat-e-Islam members managed to join the rally, most of them wearing white Islamic skullcaps.
While Hifazat-e-Islam said its rally was non-political and not aligned with the opposition, Zia's party backed the demonstration, and media reports said Jamaat-e-Islami provided funds to help organize it.
The group listed 13 demands, including reinstating "absolute trust and faith in the Almighty Allah" in the nation's constitution, which is largely secular, and passing a law providing for capital punishment for maligning Allah, Islam and its Prophet Muhammad.
The group's other demands include declaring the minority Ahmadiya sect living in the country non-Muslims and banning "all foreign culture, including free mixing of men and women."
They said the bloggers, who have held street protests to demand all convicted war criminals be executed, should be punished.
Somoy TV and the Daily Star newspaper reported that a supporter of the ruling Awami League party, Nausher Khan, died after clashes broke out in central Bangladesh's Faridpur district. Another 15 men were injured, the reports said. Faridpur is 60 kilometers (37 miles) west of Dhaka.
Saturday's rally came amid months of violence stemming from a bitter political rivalry between Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's government and the Zia-led opposition.
Hasina initiated the war crimes trials in 2010. Ten of the defendants convicted or on trial are from Jamaat-e-Islami, while two others belong to Zia's party.
In February, the tribunal sentenced a senior Jamaat-e-Islami party leader to death, but the decision sparked violent clashes between opposition activists and police that left more than 70 people dead.
Hifazat-e-Islam said it would enforce a daylong shutdown across the country on Monday to protest the alleged obstruction of their supporters' attempts to reach Saturday's rally.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/10pqwmj
Walking Textbook
Timmy, Johnny, and Hate Spike
Magic Psychographics and
League of Legends
Heroes' Podium art by William Murai
By now, I'm sure that regular readers know how I, love, Magic. The quantity of decks I want to build is climbing steadily towards “unhealthy”, and oftentimes, when I'm not playing the game, I'm writing about it: the evidence sits here on this ambulatory blog.
What this blog has not betrayed about me is that I am also into other games (gasp!) RPGs, shooters, the odd puzzle game; I've played the gauntlet. Right now, though, we're here to discuss a specific game: I am a perennial player of League of Legends, Riot Games' hit Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (generally shortened to “MOBA”). Between my years of Magic and my years of League, I've noted a few similarities between the games, their design, and their playerbases. In this article, I will attempt to make some connections between the two, and work out how this could guide future League of Legends design.
Before we delve into the design of League, however, we need to meet three characters: Timmy, Johnny, and Spike.
Psychographic Violence
Hall of Triumph art by Ryan Yee
Timmy, Johnny, and Spike are not actual people. They are terms, invented years ago by Magic's head designer Mark Rosewater, to characterize three “psychographic profiles” that cards are designed for. These profiles are motivations for which people play the game, and they are often stereotyped as follows: Timmy likes to play big stompy creatures, Johnny likes to assemble elaborate combos, and Spike likes to win. However, there's a great deal more to them. I go by the mnemonic “Experience, Expression, and Expertise.” Let's look at these in greater detail.
Timmy: Experience
Worldspine Wurm art by Richard Wright
Stereotypically, Timmy loves nothing more than playing colossal spells. They could go drafting and windmill-slam that 15/15 with Trample that splits into bits. He'll giddily cast a tremendous sorcery to take control of every creature on the board. And they might just play a card that could destroy the world just to see what happens.
But all of these scenarios are oversimplified, and draw from the fact that Timmy enjoys Magic for the experience, the “visceral thrill”, of playing the game. Yes, some Timmies relish the massive creature or splashy spells, but many come to the table for social interaction, or just for an experience that plays differently every time you shuffle up.
Johnny: Expression
Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker art by Steven Belledin
People think that Johnnny is the “combo player”, focused on that esoteric interaction that will suddenly mill your entire deck or Grapeshot your life total and every creature you love for ten billion damage. But Johnny as a profile is far more subtle.
Building a Magic deck is an impressive creative endeavor, and when you run through the numbers, it's easy to see why: with over 13,000 unique cards, there are more possible decks than there are atoms in the foreseeable universe. Looking at those near-infinite possibilities, Johnny sees the deck as a creative expression of the self. Their hope is to be able to demonstrate the neat thing their deck is meant to do, which can be, but is by no means always, a combo. Johnny has no problem losing 90% of the games they play, so long as they get to show off and take pride in their deck the other 10%.
Spike: Expertise
Dark Confidant art by Scott M. Fischer
Most people think that Spike likes to win, and “most people” are right about most Spikes, but there are other kinds of Spikes out there. Generally, Spikes like to demonstrate their expertise, and while winning games is a common way to do so, there are other methods for Spike to express their dominance, such as having a larger collection than anyone else, or knowing more about the lore than their friends.
Many Games
“Magic is many games to many people.”
–Mark Rosewater
Now that we've met our cast of psychographic characters, I want to segue into an important, and oft-overlooked, element of game design: knowing your audience.
Whichever way you slice it, the games industry is an industry. Every studio, from the tiniest of indies to the biggest of triple-AAAs, is ultimately making a product for consumers to purchase enjoy. Magic is no exception, and part of the reason that it's persisted for 21 years and counting is because Wizards understands their audience. They design cards for Timmy, Johnny, and Spike; they make the occasional chaotic rare for those who like to roll the dice; they retail preconstructed Commander decks that reprint staples for existing EDH players and offer a straightforward path into the format for new players; they assemble From The Vault boxes for collectors, and to increase accessibility to unique cards. That's all well and good, but how does this relate to League of Legends?
My experience with League of Legends can be summarized thusly: I enjoy playing it, and I certainly enjoy winning it, but I am awful at it. My kill-death ratio is rarely positive. I have mediocre-to-passable map awareness. And though I'm familiar with the metagame, I don't know how to plan strategically during a match. The sum of this is that I don't win very often. So why, you might ask, do I keep playing?
Possibility Storm art by Jason Felix
Let's double back on the psychographic profiles. We've established that many (though not all) forms of Spike enjoy winning games above most. In the world of League, I mustn't be a Spike, or my frequent losses would have driven me off a long time ago. Now, when do I play League? When all of my friends are. Well, if I'm playing for the social interaction, for the viscerality of slinging spells (usually alongside friends), that would make me a Timmy, would it not? This is where I ran into an issue: Timmies are not always welcome in League of Legends.
On the whole, the League community seems extremely Spikey. And the game creates a wonderful environment for Spikes: it's rife with strategic complexity, in counterpicking champions, laning methodologies, item sets, and more. But just imagine entering a 5v5 game, and trying to explain to a group of strangers that winning is not the primary reason you are here. You would likely be met with confusion, if not downright hostility; I know because I've observed it. I'll do my best to avoid the topic of toxicity, which is a discussion for a different day. I'm here to talk about game design here, because I think that is where this particular problem lies.
The Circle Unbroken
Story Circle art by Alan Pollack
One of the reasons that Magic has space for Timmy, Johnny, and Spike (and all manner of other players) lies with the fact that all kinds of arenas exist for play. This includes both format and location: a kitchen-table EDH game is liable to be a better environment for Timmy or Johnny as compared to a Sealed tournament at a local game store, where Spike might be more inherently comfortable. Both of these factors matter matter. Of course, League doesn't really have a “location”, unless you count the separate continental servers. But it does have formats.
We don't usually refer to them as formats, but gametypes are the same basic idea. Most commonly, we have 5v5 on Summoner's Rift, 3v3 on the Twisted Treeline, Dominion on the Crystal Scar, and All-Random-All-Mid (ARAM) on Howling Abyss. But every few months, Riot has briefly brought in alternate game modes, like One for All, Ultra Rapid Fire, and most recently, Ascension. These have been, in my opinion, the perfect place for Timmies in League, and it's because of a concept called the Magic Circle. No, that's nothing to do with Magic: The Gathering: the term comes from cultural anthropologist Johan Huizinga. In their book Homos Ludens, they describe the Magic Circle as the unconscious social contract that players make when entering a game, in which they agree to abide by the game's rules.
Circle of Flame art by Jaime Jones
Here's my favorite illustration of this idea. Let's say we sit down to play a game of chess. The goal, ostensibly, is for one player to capture the other's king. Knowing this, I pick up a pawn, knock over your king, and declare victory. Yes, I've technically fulfilled the win condition, but I broke the Magic Circle. The rules of chess state that pawns can only move one space forward, and that they can only capture diagonally, and I just ignored them, along with a whole host of other relevant rules.
Here's the kicker: the Magic Circle applies to social rules as well as mechanical ones. Let's look at two games of 1v1 EDH that are identical in every way, except that Game A is part of a tournament at a local game store, and Game B takes place at the kitchen table with one of your friends. In Game A, your opponent casts their Commander, and you immediately tuck it. Strategically, this is an excellent play against a deck that relies upon its general. If you were to make the same exact play in Game B, it probably has still put you in a favorable position, but you also might have severely disappointed a friend by negating their ability to play the game as they intended. The Magic Circle in Game A includes the formal EDH rules and the clause, “do your best to win.” In Game B, the Magic Circle includes the formal EDH rules, but to your friend, it might also contain the clause, “we're here for both of us to have fun.” If you initially agreed to the same implicit contract as your friend, then you broke the Magic Circle. If you had a different contract to begin with, a proper Magic Circle was never created.
Full Circle
Time Warp art by Jon Foster
At long last, this brings us back around to League of Legends. LoL does not have “locations” that you play it, in the way that Magic can take place in a store or at the kitchen table. You're just in a queue. And in just about every 5v5 or 3v3 game I've ever experienced, the Magic Circle contract involves “do whatever you can to win”, and does not include “we're here for all of us to have fun”.
But then we have game modes like the asupervisorstioned Ultra Rapid Fire, which drew players exclusively for its silliness and capacity for ridiculous plays. I believe that many League Timmies such as myself found refuge in URF, and other temporary gametypes.
So, what exactly am I getting at? What I am not suggesting is that URF or One For All be available all the time. What I might suggest, though, is that Riot establish a rotating playlist exclusively for these outside-the-box game modes, perpetually providing a home for Timmies. It could be an environment with a more casual Magic Circle, one that could draw people like myself back into the fold of League.
I hope you've all enjoyed this somewhat-unconventional look at a non-Magic game. Next week, we return to EDH with the third and final portion of the Walking Atlas Deckbuilding Atlas (for Commander).
But until then, happy planeswalking, everyone.
Thousands evacuated in Ukraine as ammunition depot explodes
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: The moment an ammunition depot explodes in Ukraine (ABC News)
Massive explosions and a blaze at a military ammunition depot in central Ukraine have forced authorities to evacuate 30,000 people and close airspace over the region, officials have said.
The Prime Minister hinted it was possible sabotage by Ukraine's enemies.
The blasts occurred late on Tuesday local time at a military base near Kalynivka in the Vynnytsya region, 270 kilometres west of Kiev, Ukrainian emergencies service said in a statement.
Four residential buildings were damaged by the fire and one person was injured, but no casualties had been reported.
Local media reports about 188,000 tons of munitions were kept at the depot including rockets for the Grad multiple grenade launchers.
The military said rescue teams were evacuating nearby villages in the region, bussing more than 30,000 people out of the area.
Ukrainian Defence Ministry spokesperson Andriy Ageyev said munitions at the military base were still detonating late on Wednesday morning.
But Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, who arrived to the area earlier, said the situation was under control and "external factors" were behind the incident.
Olena Gitlyanska, spokesperson for the Ukrainian Security Service, said they were treating the fire as sabotage. They did not provide further details.
Speaking at an urgent session of the Cabinet, Mr Groysman also suggested it was possible sabotage.
They said Ukraine was at war and it expected its enemies "will do all they can to make us weak".
Government forces have been fighting Russia-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine since April 2014 in a conflict that had left more than 10,000 killed and displaced more than a million.
Authorities said they turned off the electricity and gas supply to the town.
Social media users reported hearing loud explosions as far away as the capital Kiev.
Local media said the explosion was the fourth ammunition depot explosion in the past two years.
In a similar incident in March, a fire at a military depot in Ukraine's east raged for hours and prompted an evacuation of more than 20,000 people.
Earlier, President Petro Poroshenk called for an urgent meeting of the country's top brass to discuss the situation.
The cause of the fire is still under investigation.
Reuters/AP
Topics: disasters-and-accidents, fires, defence-and-national-security, ukraine
First posted
Magnus is a vintage 37-key analog chord organ from the 1960s. This free-standing, three-octave chord organ was originally manufactured by the Magnus Harmonica Corporation. It has six major and six minor chord buttons. MHC was founded by Danish immigrant Finn Magnus, who supplied American troops with harmonicas in WWII, and later went on to sell millions of affordable electric chord organs and song books until the late '70s under Magnus Organ Corporation, before being acquired by World Book Encyclopedia who would ultimately cease production.
But fret not! We've captured it's old-school fat, buttery tone, with infinite sustains and tight staccatos. To take this far beyond an ordinary analog chord organ sample library, we've also created 20 awesome sound-designed custom chord organ and effects presets and 40 unique sound-designed ambiences that can be played chromatically as atmospheric synths, dronescapes and pads or used directly in your DAW for underscoring and texture.
We've packed the GUI with lots of great sound-shaping controls that give you the flexibility to warp the shape in many ways. You have control over Volume, Attack, Release, Transient Offset, Vibrato and Octave layering. The "Glide" control slider allows you to play legato and portamento leads. You'll also find an adaptable LFO system, with selectable LFO shape, modulation target parameter, speed, intensity, tempo-syncing and fade-in time. You can also apply your choice of 13 lowpass, high-pass and FX filter, with assignable modulation control options, including velocity, modwheel, expression, after-touch, key position and step-sequencer table control. You can also use our customizable arpeggiator, with a built-in velocity sequencer table and control over arp direction, note timing, swing, randomization and duration.
BMW Motorrad USA announced pricing and availability for the new models revealed at Intermot and EICMA. The updated F800R, R1200R and S1000RR will launch early next year as 2015 models. The all-new R1200RS and S1000XR will arrive later in the year as early 2016 models.
2015 BMW F800R – $9,950
The new F800R roadster brings with it a $650 price drop from the last generation model while adding automatic stability control (ASC), an on-board computer and heated grips. Those three items were previously offered as options with a combined value of $945, so those who waited for the 2015 model will be getting more for their money.
And that's before you consider the updates to the 2015 model. Besides the visual makeover (including a new symmetric headlight), the new F800R receives upside-down forks, radial-mount brake calipers, lighter wheels, shorter gear ratios and an engine upgrade claiming a 3hp increase over the previous model to 90 hp at 8000 rpm.
The $9,950 base price is for the Light White and Light White/Black Satin Gloss color options; the Racing Blue Metallic Matt/Light White and Racing Blue Metallic Matt/Black Satin Gloss options add $100 to the price. BMW also offers a number of add-ons including the $295 Dynamic Package which includes an LED rear light, engine spoiler and passenger seat cover.
2015 BMW R1200R – $13,950
The 2015 R1200R sees a price drop of $150 from the previous generation to $13,950 for the base model, with the previously-optional ASC, two ride modes and on-board computer now standard equipment (those three items would have cost $795 on their own last year.)
For 2015, the roadster gets the air and water-cooled boxer engine that debuted on the R1200GS; BMW claims the new R1200R gets 125 hp and 92 lb-ft. compared to 110 hp and 88 lb-ft. from the old air-cooled model while seeing fuel economy improve by 3 mpg to 60 mpg. The R1200R also swaps out the old model's telelever suspension for upside-down telescopic forks.
BMW will offer two upgrade packages for the R1200R. The Standard package ($15,250) adds GPS preparation, a chrome exhaust, heated grips, cruise control, saddle bag mounts and the Headlight Pro with LED daytime running lights. Another step up is the $16,995 Premium package which includes the Standard items plus keyless ride, gear shift assist, dynamic ESA, center stand and luggage rack.
The 2015 R1200R will be offered in Cordoba Blue. For an extra $500, you can get the Light White style with red frame, gold calipers, tank cover and a sport windshield or for $300 you can get the Thunder Grey Met option with gray frame, gold calipers and tank cover.
2015 BMW S1000RR – $15,500
The new S1000RR gets a $50 price bump to $15,500 for the base model, which also sees new styling, a 6 hp upgrade to a claimed 199 hp, a new multifunction display, ASC and a claimed 8.8 pounds of weight savings.
But if you want the tricked-out Premium package as tested in Tom Roderick's review, you're looking at a $18,995 price tag. That upgrade includes forged wheels, dynamic traction control, upgraded ride mode options, Gear Shift Assist Pro, cruise control, dynamic damping control and heated grips. In between is the Standard package ($16,795) which adds Gear Shift Assist Pro, heated grips dynamic traction control, improved ride modes and cruise control.
The 2015 S1000RR will be offered in Black Storm Metallic, Racing Red/Light White (+$250) or BMW Motorsport (+$600).
2016 BMW R1200RS – $14,950
At $14,950 for the base model, the R1200RS costs a grand more than the naked R. The extra dough gets you the half-fairing with an adjustable windscreen, making the RS better suited for sport-touring duties. The $16,150 Standard package adds a chrome exhaust, heated grips, cruise control, GPS preparation and saddle bag mounts while the $17,895 also adds keyless ride, gear shift assist, dynamic ESA, center stand and a luggage rack.
The base model RS will be offered in Lupin Blue/Light Grey Metallic but for $425 you can get the Granite Grey Metallic with grey frame, gold calipers, tank cover and engine spoiler.
2016 BMW S1000XR – $16,350
The adventure-styled S1000XR combines the engine of the S1000RR with the upright ergos of the R1200GS. It comes standard with ASC, two ride modes, upside-down forks, radial-mount brakes, anti-hop clutch, LED taillight and adjustable windshield.
For $17,295, BMW offers the Standard package, adding GPS preparation, heated grips, cruise control and saddle bag mounts. For $18,750, you can get the Premium package which offers everything in the Standard package, dynamic ESA, center stand, luggage rack, additional ride modes and dynamic traction control.
The S1000XR will be available in Racing Red or Light White.
[Source: BMW]
A woman plays the augmented reality mobile game "Pokémon Go" by Nintendo, as a visitor uses an automated teller machine (ATM) at a branch of Sberbank in central Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, July 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ilya Naymushin
DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia denied on Thursday that the conservative kingdom's top clerical body had renewed a 15-year-old edict declaring that the Pokémon game was un-Islamic.
Saudi media reports said on Wednesday the General Secretariat of the Council of Senior Religious Scholars had revived a 2001 decree against a Pokémon card game in response to queries from Muslims, although it made no mention of the new Pokémon GO mobile game.
Users of the game walk around their real-life neighborhoods in search of scores of “pocket monsters”, which emerge superimposed on the phone screen via its camera.
The 2001 fatwa said the card game contained elements prohibited by Islamic law such as gambling.
However, Saudi authorities said the social media reports were unfounded.
“The Council of Senior Religious Scholars denied that it issued a new fatwa about the Pokémon game, and the media reports of that are not accurate,” said Abdulmohsen Alyas, undersecretary for international communication and media at the Ministry of Culture and Information.
“We ask international media to call the ministry to verify information for their reports.”
On its Twitter account, the Council said no fatwa had been issued for the new Pokémon game.In conservative Saudi Arabia, home to Islam's two holiest sites, cinemas are banned and women's sports are discouraged as promoting sin.
Middle Eastern states are often wary of social media use by their growing youth populations. Authorities in Kuwait and Egypt have already warned that Pokémon players might be tempted to point their smartphones at restricted locations such as royal palaces, mosques, oil facilities or military bases.
North Korea has reportedly hacked into more than 140,000 computers at South Korean companies and government agencies, and planted malicious code intended for a massive cyberattack that has been thwarted, according to news reports on Monday.
The hacking attempts apparently came from an Internet address traced to the North Korean capital and targeted software used by more than 160 companies and government agencies to manage their networks, says Yonhap news agency, citing the South Korean police.
The Internet address is said to be identical to the one used in a 2013 cyberattack against banks in South Korea, and broadcasters, that froze out their computers for more than a week. South Korea blamed the north for that particular attack.
South Korean's cyber investigation crime unit uncovered the hacking and worked with the companies and agencies to neutralise the code, preventing it from being used in a large scale attack, says Yonhap.
South Korea has been on high alert against cyberattacks by North Korea after the hermit nation conducted a nuclear test in January and long range rocket last month, leading to new sanctions.
In March, the south's spy agency reported it intercepted attempts to hack into computer networks to attack the country's transport systems, and blamed the north for the attempted breach.
North Korea trying for many years to develop the ability to disrupt computer systems that control public services such as telecommunications and utilities, according to North Korean defectors.
The United States accused North Korea of a cyberattack against Sony Pictures in 2014 that led to the studio cancelling the release of a comedy based on the fictional assassination of the country's leader, Kim Jong-un.
SOURCE: Reuters.
As I wrote in Taki's a week ago in “Clusterfake,” even before the black civil rights protester assassinated Officers Liu and Ramos in New York City:
The crack-up accelerated this fall with some undocumented shopping in memory of the late Michael Brown. Chaos in Democrat-run cities like St. Louis and Oakland does little to burnish the Democratic brand with voters. In Pat Buchanan's recent memoir The Greatest Comeback, they recount how at the Democratic Convention in August 1968 they and Norman Mailer stood together watching the liberal ruling party destroy itself as hippies battled Mayor Daley's cops in the streets of Chicago. As part of the 1964 Democratic ticket, Hubert Humphrey had won 61.1 percent of the vote. In 1968, they earned only 42.7 percent.
You'll recall that when Republicans were perceived to have a political problem after the 2012 election due to the growth of the Hispanic vote, Democrats such as Chuck Schumer and Barack Obama offered collegial, sincere, deeply compassionate advice to Republicans: “Give illegal aliens the vote: you'll fall further behind on each one, but you'll make up for its on volume!”
So now that the Obama coalition is splintering, the Republican Brain Trust is attempting to garner Strange, New Respect from the New York Times by helping heal wounds among the Democrats. From the NYT:
Law and Order Issues, Once G.O.P.'s Strong Suit, Now Divide Party By JONATHAN MARTIN and ASHLEY PARKER DEC. 24, 2014 WASHINGTON — Since the Watts riots in Los Angeles in 1965, generations of Republicans from Richard M. Nixon to the first George Bush have deftly capitalized on the anxiety of white voters over crime and urban unrest, winning elections with appeals for law and order and unbending support of the police. But in recent years, with crime plummeting and the party struggling among minority voters, some Republicans have turned away from the tough talk and embraced efforts to reduce the number of black men in prison and overhaul the criminal justice system. Now the violence and protests after two grand juries declined to prosecute white police officers who killed black men, as well as the killings of two New York City police officers, have angered some of the party's most ardent defenders of the police. Republicans find themselves debating how to maintain their traditional embrace of law enforcement while not alienating minority voters or ignoring systemic criminal justice issues.
So, who should the Republicans be listening to at the moment: the hard men of the Tri-State Republican Party, Rudy Giuliani and Peter King, who have had decades of experience and success battling Rev. Al? Or naive Flyover idealists like Rand Paul and various Beltway intellectuals? The New York Times has an opinion on what would be good for the Republicans.
The divisions have spilled out on television in recent days. Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York declared on Fox News that the protests were leading to violence and that “all lead to a conclusion: The police are bad, the police are racist. That is completely wrong.” Representative Peter T. King of New York said their fellow Republicans cannot be timid about criticizing activists like the Rev. Al Sharpton, who Mr. King said used racially charged terms to portray the killings of African-Americans by the police in Ferguson, Mo., and on Staten Island. “I just think if anything, Republicans somehow get scared off of the issue if race comes up and they somehow back away, and that allows people who want to make it a racial issue to be heard,” Mr. King said in a telephone interview.
The President of the United States has gone out of their way to tie the prestige of their office to Reverend Al's various racist hoaxes and fiascos. Should that not bring comment?
What makes this moment more complex for Republicans, however, is that Mr. Sharpton is not the only one who has criticized police mistreatment of minorities and the broader justice system: Leading Republicans, including Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, governors and Christian conservatives, have been rethinking issues ranging from the militarization of the police to sentencing guidelines. Newt Gingrich …
You can always count on Newt for the sound response.
… After years of instinctively siding with the police — with Ronald Reagan railing against “arson and murder in Watts” in their 1966 campaign for governor and Mr. Bush using Willie Horton's furlough to defeat Michael S. Dukakis — Republicans are now more divided when it comes to crime and law enforcement.
Obviously, Ronald Reagan “railing against ‘arson and murder in Watts'” doomed their political career, which is why they kept losing to Democrats who didn't object to arson and murder. Same with George Bush's loss to Dukakis in 1988: the Democrats mobilized the vast pro-rape constituency and rode it to the White House.
Few prominent figures sided with the authorities in the aftermath of Michael Brown's death in Ferguson, for example, and Mr. Paul notably spoke out about the treatment of young blacks by the police.
Why in the world doesn't the RNC maintain a discreet office of investigators to check into some of these media confabulations that the Democrats try to ride? The Obama White House carefully coordinates with the national media to promote things like Rape Culture hysteria in order to produce useful media firestorms like the UVA Night of Broken Glass. Where's the Republican counter to this? Self organizing volunteer crowdsourcing has done a lot to expose Democrats' frauds, but the Republicans paying for some quiet shoe-leather investigations would help a lot.
Conservatives beyond Mr. Paul were disturbed by the military-style tactics and equipment of the Ferguson police during the protests in the weeks after Mr. Brown's death.
De-militarization was tested by the Democrats running things in Missouri and it already flopped back in August.
… The conservative brain, particularly among Republican elites, may find itself in conflict with the conservative gut, at least that of the party rank and file.
The Conservative Brain Trust …
“This is an obviously deranged guy who shot their girlfriend and then shot the cops,” said David Boaz, the executive vice president of the libertarian Cato Institute, arguing that conservatives who blame protesters for the killings are akin to those who blame right-wing radio for the shooting of the former member of congress Gabrielle Giffords.
Classic Megaphone tactic for implanting false memories — remind the audience of something spewed by the Megaphone for a few days that turned out to be completely false, but treat it as if it were true, or at least debatable.
… Strong support on the right for the police has continued even after the deaths in Ferguson and on Staten Island: A Gallup poll this month showed that 66 percent of Republicans rated the honesty and ethical standards of the police as “very high” or “high” while only 36 percent of Democrats said the same. Already, some hard-line Republicans are seizing the moment and attacking Mr. Paul, who was the most outspoken in their party about the need for racial outreach and changes to policing and sentencing, and even met with Mr. Sharpton last month.
You'd have to be an angry, stupid hardliner to attack the Obama-Sharpton axis right now. No Strange, New Respect for you!
In summary, the White House, the Democrats, and the national media have been promoting blood libels this year to angry up their black, feminist, and not quite in the right head constituencies. Traditionally, blood libels lead to arson and looting of shops, nights of broken glass, and murders. Not surprisingly, that's what has ensued in Obama's America in 2014.
A “Library of Things” program in Sacramento, California has started to loan out all kinds of stuff that people may want to use, once in a while, but not own. An initiative of the Sacramento Public Library, the program aims to broaden the scope of libraries in useful ways. Their collection includes a laminating machine, music instruments, digital cameras, sewing machines and other appliances and technologies. Some items are loaned out while others can be used on site, like a book-printing machine and a 3D-printing lab.
“It's rare that a government agency with a very clear mandate – books – gets the chance to experiment with something like this,” – Lori Easterwood of the Sacramento Public Library
Libraries have long served social, cultural and educational functions beyond simply lending books. Still, the recent and ongoing shift from physical to digital volumes continues to raise questions about what role libraries can and should play in the age of ebooks. At a time when so much information can be found for free online, some library systems have turned to other physical things, providing patrons with tools, seeds and more. Shelf space once used for books can store all kinds of other objects. And unlike much of the “sharing economy,” these communal systems can be free for users (though late fees may apply).
As early as the 1970s, tool libraries began to appear in the United States, serving as early templates for what a “library of things” could become. Today, 40 such libraries can be found around the nation. In Columbus, Ohio, the RTCO Tool Library has nearly 5,000 tools that are loaned out to individuals and non-profit organizations.
Many tool library collections feature a vast array of tools for carpentry, woodworking, gardening, plumbing, electrical work and concrete masonry. Many have staff and equipment dedicated to helping maintain and repair collections as well. Funding for tool libraries comes from cities, states, non-profits and individual donors.
Tool libraries help people who cannot afford their own tools, but they do more than that. For urban dwellers lacking the space to store equipment, they obviate the need to buy and resell things from one project to the next. In that sense, they are truly serving a “sharing economy” function by reducing our need to purchase things (or space). In many cases, they also provide education, training and advice as well.
Meanwhile, seed libraries have also begun to sprout up to serve communities in and beyond the US. Since returning seeds is not feasible, many of these institutions instead ask that farmers and gardeners add seeds from “borrowed” plants back to the library.
Like seed banks and vaults, seed libraries also serve to preserve plant varieties, maintaining agricultural biodiversity. Many of their collections focus on rare, local and heirloom seeds. Regional seed banks can help promote robust varieties suited to a given area and climate, self-selecting based on the successful seeds that get “returned.”
Tools and seeds aside, there remains a strong argument for conventional libraries as valuable resources for communities. These places do more than simply serve as warehouses for dusty old physical books. Research librarians, for instance, can help visitors find rare volumes, evaluate sources and secure access to specialized databases.
At the same time, many libraries (and their patrons) are finding new value in rethinking libraries as well, both to reinvigorate their current functions and expand their offerings. The future of the library as an institution is in flux but full of potential.
“It's when you create a project that gets people's attention that you remind them about the other things the library has to offer,” says Lori Easterwood of Sacramento's Library of Things.
Facebook Security Breach Exposes Six A Million Email Addresses and Telephone Numbers
Facebook reported on Friday a bug in its system “that may have allowed some of a person's contact information (email or phone number) to be accessed by people who either had some contact information about that person or some connection to them.”
The bug, which was reported via Facebook's crowdsourced, White Hat security researcher program, was a part of one of Facebook's data download tools. Facebook introduced the tool, named “Download Your Information”, allows users to do just that: It provides a history of your Facebook data since you joined the network, including Timeline data, contact information, photos and videos.
The social networking giant said about six million email addresses and telephone numbers were shared, but it noted that “no other types of personal or financial information were included and only people on Facebook — not developers or advertisers — have access to the DYI tool.” It is understood that the bug has been live since last week, but was deactivated as soon as it was reported and reviewed by the security team.
Part of the problem involved Facebook's contacts importer tool, a way for the social giant to use your communications data to connect you with people you already know on the network. After you upload your contact data from sources like Gmail, Yahoo or other services, the bug would automatically correlate it with other contact information that exists on the network.
So for example, if you have the gmail address of “Veronica Smith” in your contacts and upload that to Facebook, it'll match with Veronica's Yahoo email address if in fact they have entered both on Facebook.
It's a complicated situation, but sheds light on issues of safety related to uploading one's address book and list of contacts to services which thrive on such personal data. Other companies like Path, Instagram, Twitter and many more also use contact importing tools such as these.
Earlier this year, Facebook was also caught up in another security scandal, after a number of employees' laptops were infected with Malware from a third-party web site. Other tech giants, such as Facebook, Twitter, Apple and Microsoft, were also caught up in the scandal.
With reporting by Mike Isaac
A false positive i can understand, but the System Scanner continuing to detect access to the file even after i had stopped it bothers me. If the button says that it will turn the feature off it should do so, and it didn't. I only wanted to stop it quarentining the file so i could get the version number for the false positive report but couldn't.
The reporting UI could do with a look at for usability. If you've just blocked an exe you can already tell me things like the version number and program name, you don't need me to try and jump through hoops to avoid protection to get that information. It would be safer for me not to and produce more reliable results for you.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption North Koreans rally against "dotard psycho Trump"
US President Donald Trump has made new threats against North Korea in response to the country's foreign minister's fiery speech at the UN on Saturday.
Ri Yong-ho described Mr Trump as a "mentally deranged person full of megalomania" on a "suicide mission".
The US president responded by saying Mr Ri and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un "won't be around much longer" if they continue their rhetoric.
The fresh insults came as US bombers flew close to North Korea's east coast.
The Pentagon said the aim was to demonstrate the military options available to the US to defeat any threat.
It said the flight was the farthest north of the demilitarised zone between the Koreas that any US fighter jet or bomber had flown in the 21st Century.
Tensions have risen recently over Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
Despite weeks of angry words, experts have played down the risk of direct conflict between the two. However, there are concerns that the escalating rhetoric could lead to one side misinterpreting the other, with dangerous consequences.
Ri Yong-ho's comments to the General Assembly on Saturday mimicked Mr Trump's remarks at the UN on Tuesday, when they called North Korean leader Kim Jong-un a "rocket man on a suicide mission".
Mr Ri said that "insults" by Mr Trump were an "irreversible mistake making it inevitable" that North Korean rockets would hit the US mainland.
The US president, the foreign minister said, would "pay dearly" for their speech, in which they also said they would "totally destroy" North Korea if the US was forced to defend itself or its allies.
Image copyright US Pacific Command Image caption The bombers staged a show of force close to North Korea's east coast
Shortly before their address, the Pentagon announced that the show of force underscored "the seriousness" with which the US took North Korea's "reckless" behaviour, calling the country's weapons programme a "grave threat".
"This mission is a demonstration of US resolve and a clear message that the president has many military options to defeat any threat," it said in a statement.
"We are prepared to use the full range of military capabilities to defend the US homeland and our allies."
US Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers from Guam, escorted by Air Force F-15C Eagle fighters from Okinawa, Japan, flew in international airspace, the Pentagon added.
The flight follows a week of heated rhetoric between the leaders of both countries - after Mr Trump's comments, Mr Kim called them "mentally deranged" and "a dotard".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Trump is making the US an 'inevitable target'
Mr Ri did not comment on the Pentagon's announcement.
North Korea has refused to stop its missile and nuclear tests, despite successive rounds of UN sanctions. Its leaders say nuclear capabilities are its only deterrent against an outside world seeking to destroy it.
After the North's latest and most powerful nuclear test earlier this month, the UN Security Council approved new sanctions on the country.
But speaking at the UN, Mr Ri repeated that the restrictions would not make the country stop its nuclear development.
David Walker, 36, was on their way to the 115th Precinct, police said. View Full Caption File
EAST ELMHURST — A police officer driving to work was arrested early Wednesday for leaving the scene of an accident after hitting a 13-year-old boy near the precinct, according to the NYPD.
David Walker, 36, was driving on 93rd Street and Jackson Mill Road late Tuesday or early Wednesday morning when they hit a 13-year-old boy, bruising their foot, police said.
The exact time of the incident is unclear.
Walker told police they stopped at the stop sign, although the child said they didn't, officials said.
The officer, who was driving to work at the precinct just a block away, got out of the car and checked on the victim, offering to drive them home, police said.
The victim refused, but later went to the hospital after telling their parents what happened, according to the NYPD.
Walker was arrested at 1:40 a.m. Wednesday morning for leaving the scene of an accident, police said. It's not clear how long he's been with the 115th Precinct.
In June 2014, an off-duty officer from the precinct struck a 5-year-old girl as they walked to school on Northern Boulevard. Criminality was not suspected in that case, and the "distraught" officer, who was not identified at the time, stayed at the scene.
Punter Tress Way, left, attempts to run with a fake punt in the third quarter. It came up short. (Photo by John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Needing a spark with their team down 9-0 midway through the third quarter, facing fourth and five with the ball at their own 33-yard line, Coach Jay Gruden called for a fake punt.
Punter Tress Way took the snap but gained only two yards as they attempted a run up the middle. The outside was wide open, but Way didn't recognize that until too late. They said that they made the wrong choice.
“Their guy played it perfectly,” Way said. “If they would have run that up-and-under, we had daylight all across the outside. I should have just followed [tight end] Niles [Paul].”
Gruden said Way's inexperience showed on the play.
“He is not a running back, but we tried to take a shot,” the coach said. “We tried to get something going. It was fourth-down-and-five and [special teams coordinator] Ben [Kotwica] saw something where they thought the fake would be there. It was worth the shot, and this one Tress didn't get. One of the few things they haven't done all year.”
Way got tackled at the 35-yard line and four plays later, the Rams scored to take a 17-0 lead.
That wasn't the only special teams blunder of the game. The Rams missed an extra point, a 28-yard field goal attempt and a 38-yard field goal try in the first half. Then, just 4 1/2 minutes after Way's failed fake, the Rams' Tavon Austin returned a punt 78 yards for a touchdown.
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the Mailbag.
More from The Post:
Redskins are again disintegrating publicly
Haslett disappointed by Fletcher's remarks | Bog: Ex-LB rips coordinator
Rams dominate throughly in 24-0 win | Box score | Photo gallery
Casual indifference at FedEx Field | Bog: Redskins-Rams best and worst
More NFL: Home page | Sports Bog | Early Lead | Fancy Stats | Fantasy
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @JReidPost | @Insider
The Wrap:
There are still some questions about this case. Some news sources report that they were 21 to 23 weeks pregnant, not eight, when they sought medical help. Further, we don't know why the obstetrician, while agreeing that the woman was suicidal, refused to allow the abortion. It may be because there seems to be a loophole in the law, which stipulates that allowing an abortion because of suicide risk must be based on opinion “formed in good faith which has regard to the need to preserve unborn human life as far as practicable.” A right-to-life mentality might construe this as allowing the alternative procedure that was actually used: Forcibly hydrating the woman until the fetus was viable, then cutting it out of them Finally, the reasons why the woman ultimately consented to the Caesarian section are unclear. They were certainly under duress, and may well have been told that, being so far into the pregnancy, they couldn't get an abortion anywhere else.
But all that is irrelevant. What we have is a draconian law that, in lieu of a legal abortion, allows a woman to be restrained, force-fed, and surgically invaded by the state. Only the most diehard right-to-lifers (i.e., the Catholic Church) would find that acceptable. But of course the strictures of the law were designed to placate the Church.
The Catholic Church hasn't shown any sympathy for the woman. Instead, the newest Catholic bishop of Ireland, Kevin Doran, Bishop of Elphin, went public with their opinion that the woman should have been forced to stay pregnant for longer:
“You are creating greater risks for the child by terminating pregnancy at an early stage,” they said. They also said: “I don't think that anybody has established the right of a mother to terminate the pregnancy because they feel that she's at risk of suicide”.
Apparently the good Bishop has no problem with having the woman strapped down for another eleven weeks or so, force-fed while their fetus comes to full term.
This whole scenario conjures up images of the Catholic Inquisition: women tied to boards and tortured. This poor victim, after having been raped and forced from their native land, was then strapped down, intubated, and forced to serve as an incubator for a fetus that nobody wants—save the Catholic Church. And of course the Church had no problems with the previous law preventing all abortions, nor apparently with the present law that won't allow abortion if a woman harbors a deformed fetus, or one produced by rape or incest. Even if the woman is suicidal or their life otherwise endangered by the pregnancy, the law's “preserve-unborn-life” clause always offers a loophole.
Official Catholicism has long been left in the dust by society's opinions about women's rights. This case has made palpably clear the Church's barbarity and lack of concern for the well-being of pregnant women at the expense of Church doctrine. The people of Ireland want a liberalization of Ireland's abortion laws, as does the United Nations, which claims that Irish law treats women like “vessels.” Only the Church, clinging to its antiquated view of “unborn human life,” objects.
How long can an institution continue to force a medieval morality on a country that doesn't want it? Apparently, for many years. But it's time for the people of Ireland to reject the retrograde and sexist mentality of Catholicism. Given the power of the Church in Ireland—similar to the power of the National Rifle Association in the U.S., which overrides the will of the people by threatening legislators with defeat—abortion reform will be slow. But even the Church must eventually bow to reason and public opinion. The only question is how many more women must suffer before the Irish government comes to its senses.
MARTIN GEE!
[UPDATE: Want to get raw, unedited versions of these interviews a few days or so SOONER than everybody else? Want to know who the future guests will be? Want other cool perks? Click here to find out how!]
The first “real” episode of the newly returned Escape from Illustration Island Podcast features an in-depth conversation with Martin Gee, Illustrator and Senior Art Director of TIME Magazine! We talk about some pretty interesting stuff like growing up Star Wars, that time they accidentally won an emmy, and then that other time they gave their pet snake to their best friend, kind of.
Oh, and plenty of illustration talk, of course! Martin proved to be an amazingly open and generous guest, and this hour-long episode is packed with music, insight and fun!
Excited that the EFII Podcast has returned? PLEASE consider showing your support by leaving a positive review on iTunes. It's really helpful and lets me know you want MORE!
Listen here or on iTunes!
Relevant links discussed:
(These open in a new page so you can browse while you listen!)
Martin Gee Website (ohmgee.com)
Kyle T. Webster's Digital Brushes (kylebrush.com)
The Art of Atari Book
Carrie Gee
Jerrod Maruyama
Dave McKean
Dave McKean on the EFII Podcast
Ed Emberly
Richard Scarry
Tuesday Bassen
Gizem Vural
Dadu Shin
Jon Han
Chip Wass
Julie West
Bernie Fuchs
David Grove
Greg Ruth
Chelsea Kardokus
Allison Duda Kahler
Society for News Design
Society of Publication Designers
Society of Illustrators
Len Small
SooJin Buzelli
Escape from Illustration Island Podcast
Thomas James Illustration Website
Good Job Tommy
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Microsoft is planning to open four new stores over the coming months, with the first international stores due later this year. That's the word according to one person familiar with the company's plans. The software giant will open a brand-new store in Palo Alto, California and one in Austin, Texas, and both stores will open during April and be near to Apple retail store locations in popular malls. Microsoft is also planning to open two new stores in the state of New Jersey, one in Bridgewater and the other in Freehold. We're told that the New Jersey stores will also be be located in malls with Apple stores, and both are expected to launch before the end of June.
Microsoft's Kevin Turner revealed last July that the company plans to open up 75 new stores over the next two years, but didn't mention any non-domestic stores. We are hearing that Microsoft is planning to open one of its first international stores in Canada later this year. The store, located in Toronto, should launch shortly before the holidays, and will be joined by at least one other international store. Although the plans are a number of months away and could change at any point, we have been informed that Microsoft is planning other international stores, starting with launches in early 2013.
Jim Bob Duggar and their wife Michelle star in the TLC reality series "19 Kids and Counting," which features their family of 19 children.
The conservative Christian Duggars do not believe in birth control, notes The Huffington Post, and Michelle recently called abortion in Tennessee a "baby holocaust," reports Life News.
Them husband Jim Bob spoke at the Values Voter Summit on Friday where they made a similar comparison.
According to RightWingWatch.org, they recalled how Fox News host Mike Huckabee and their daughter visited a Nazi concentration camp (video below).
“As they were walking out of that concentration camp, they said little Sarah looked up at them and they said, ‘Daddy why didn't somebody do something?' You know what, that's where we are at in our nation,” stated Jim Bob.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“Do we want our children, when we're going to tell them about how great America was, they're going to look at you and say, ‘Why didn't somebody do something?'”
Sources: RightWingWatch.org, The Huffington Post, Life News
undefined
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Last month, the Linux Mint development team released stable version of Linux Mint 18. Many users of this modern, highly-polished and comfortable Ubuntu-based Linux distributions where eager to try out some of the new features and improvements that it came a long with.
This either required users to upgrade from their older versions or to do a fresh installation of Linux Mint 18, but, by that time, a direct upgrade from Linux Mint 17.3 or 17.X versions was not recommended. This was because, the Linux Mint 17 and 17.x versions are based on Ubuntu 14.04 yet Linux Mint 18 is based on Ubuntu 16.04.
For those users, who want to do a fresh installation, they can follow: Installation of Linux Mint 18
Upgrading from a completely different Ubuntu-base to another would require some special or advanced instruction set, which the developers promised to release this month and they have done just that.
Therefore in this how-to guide, we shall walk through the recommended steps you will have to follow to upgrade from Linux Mint 17.3 to Linux Mint 18, that is if you wish to upgrade.
Some Considerations before Upgrading
Is it necessary for you to upgrade? Because Linux Mint 17, 17.X versions will be supported until 2019 Have you tried out Linux Mint 18 before planning this upgrade? Have you performed a backup of important data on your machine? If not, then you need to do that before moving forward.
Requirements
Good understanding of APT and vast experience in working from the command-line. Linux Mint 17.3 Cinnamon or MATE editions only, other desktops such as Linux Mint 18 Xcfe and Linux Mint 18 KDE cannot be upgraded as of now. Up-to-date system
How do I Upgrade to Linux Mint 18 from Linux Mint 17
Let us now move into the actual steps to upgrade your system to the latest version of Linux Mint.
1. Your system must be running an up-to-date Linux Mint 17.3 for the upgrade to work perfectly. Therefore, open the Update Manager and perform level 1, 2 and 3 updates by clicking on the Refresh to refresh the APT tool cache.
Alternatively, you can run the following commands from the terminal to upgrade the system:
$ sudo apt update $ sudo apt dist-upgrade
2. Launch a terminal, then click on Edit → Profile Preferences → Scrolling and select the unlimited checkbox and mark “scroll on output” option and finally click “Close”.
3. Next, install the upgrade tool by issuing the command below:
$ sudo apt install mintupgrade
4. Next do a upgrade check by running following command.
$ mintupgrade check
5. After running the command above, you need to follow the instructions on the screen to proceed, it does not cause any changes in your system yet.
Importantly, you must also pay close attention to the output of this command, as it presents some vital information concerning how you should deal with the upgrade process.
The command will briefly point your system to the Linux Mint 18 repositories and performs an appropriate calculation of the impact of the upgrade.
It helps to you to show whether an upgrade is possible or not, an in case it is possible, which packages would be upgraded, those to be installed and removed plus the ones kept back.
It is also possible that some packages will try to prevent the upgrade process, identify such packages and remove them, then keep running the command after making any changes until it provides a satisfactory output for a perfect upgrade, then move to the next step.
5. Download the packages to be upgraded.
$ mintupgrade download
After running it, this command will download all the available packages to upgrade your system to Linux Mint 18, but, it does not perform any upgrade.
6. Now it's time to perform a actual upgrade.
Note: This step is irreversible, therefore, make sure you have followed and checked everything necessary up to this state.
After successfully downloading all the necessary packages, proceed to perform the actual upgrade process as follows:
$ mintupgrade upgrade
You will be asked for a second time, to download packages, but, all packages have been downloaded, simply enter yes and proceed.
7. Then, in the next screen, enter yes and continue.
8. Next, also enter yes to proceed to start installation of the downloaded packages.
9. During the installation of packages, you will be prompted to restart certain services, simply select yes and hit [Enter] to proceed.
As the installation of packages progresses, keep watching the whole process, you may prompt several times for yes or no answers or required to provide your password.
When the installation completes, reboot your system and boom! You are good to go, using Linux Mint 18.
That is it, hoping that everything went on well, you can now enjoy Linux Mint 18 on your machine. For any queries or information that you wish to add to this guide, you can give us feedback through the comment section below.
In this Dec. 15, 2009, file photo, President Barack Obama speaks about job creation and the economic recovery during a visit to a Home Depot in Alexandria, Va. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File)
(CNSNews.com) - Barack Obama's presidency began with a record number of Americans not in the labor force, and it's ending the same way.
The final jobs report of the Obama presidency, released Friday, shows that the number of Americans not in the labor force has increased by 14,573,000 (18.09 percent) since January 2009, when Obama took office, continuing a long-term trend that began well before Obama was sworn in.
In December, according to the Labor Department's Bureau of Labor Statistics, a record 95,102,000 Americans were not in the labor force, 47,000 more than in November; and the labor force participation rate was 62.7 percent, a tenth of a point higher than in November.
The participation rate dropped to a 38-year low of 62.4 percent on Obama's watch, in September 2015. It was only 3-tenths of a point higher than that last month.
People over age 16 who are no longer working or even looking for work, for whatever reason (retirement, school, personal preference, or gave up), are counted as not participating in the labor force.
When President Obama took office in January 2009, 80,529,000 Americans were not in the labor force, the highest number on record. That number rose steadily during their two terms, reaching a record 95,055,000 in November 2016, then setting another record (95,102,000) in December.
BLS said the December unemployment rate increased a tenth of a point to 4.7 percent, well below the Obama-era high of 10 percent. Last month, a record 152,111,000 Americans were counted as employed, up 63,000 from November; and the number of unemployed stood at 7,529,000, an increase of 120,000 from the prior month.
But people who stop looking for a job are no longer counted as unemployed.
In an interview with a Chicago reporter yesterday, Obama said they have done "an enormous amount" to create greater economic opportunity for Americans.
"I took an economy that was about to go into a Great Depression, and we've now had a little over six years of straight economic job growth, an unemployment rate that's down below 5 percent, and incomes that have gone up and poverty that has gone down."
Obama also conceded that "there are still folks out there who is a struggle and communities that are still depressed." They called it an "ongoing battle."
"We have to continue to work to make sure that kids are getting the best education they can, that jobs are being located so that people in need can access them, and that's going to be something that I suspect we'll all be working on, and folks will still be working on after I'm gone."
During Obama's two terms in office, the number of employed Americans reached its lowest point – 138,013,000 – in December 2009. Eight years later, in December 2017, 14,098,000 Americans have been added to the employment rolls.
The government collects payroll taxes from Americans who work, and some of that money is spent on government programs that support people who do not work. So the more who work, the better for the economy.
In December, the nation's civilian noninstitutionalized population, consisting of all people age 16 or older who were not in the military or an institution, reached 254,742,000. Of those, 159,640,000 participated in the labor force by either holding a job or actively seeking one.
The 159,640,000 who participated in the labor force equaled 67.3 percent of the 254,742,000 civilian noninstitutionalized population.
According to BLS, total nonfarm payroll employment rose by a lackluster 156,000 in December. Over the past 3 months, job gains have averaged 165,000 per month.
Among the major worker groups, the unemployment rates for adult men (4.4 percent), adult women (4.3 percent), teenagers (14.7 percent), Whites (4.3 percent), Blacks (7.8 percent), Asians (2.6 percent), and Hispanics (5.9 percent) showed little change in December.
The number of long-term unemployed (those jobless for 27 weeks or more) was essentially unchanged at 1.8 million in December and accounted for 24.2 percent of the unemployed. In 2016, the number of long-term unemployed declined by 263,000.
The business and economic reporting of CNSNews.com is funded in part with a gift made in memory of Dr. Keith C. Wold.
Will Beatty's free agency journey takes them to Carolina on Wednesday where they will work out for the Panthers, according to a source.
Beatty, a former giant offensive tackle who was released this offseason, has already worked out for and has been offered a contract by the Jaguars. The Eagles have also been keeping tabs on them while monitoring the appeal of a 10-game suspension for their starting right tackle, Lane Johnson. A reunion with the Giants, though, remains unlikely.
Beatty missed all of the 2015 season with a torn left pectoral as well as a torn right rotator cuff. The doctor who performed both of those surgeries told Newsday that Beatty has been cleared for full football participation.
“He looks fabulous, they look great,” said Dr. Frank Cordasco of the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan. “He's done very, very well and I think he'll contribute to a team. Obviously it remains to be seen which team, but I fully expect them back and contributing on an offensive line.”
Cordasco said neither injury should result in a chronic condition.
“I don't anticipate a problem with either side unless they have a traumatic event,” they said. “That can happen with any part: an ankle, an ACL, a hip injury. I feel quite confident that Will will do well this year.”
Beatty, 31, will remain patient and continue to weigh their options, the source said, ideally signing with a team where they can start on the offensive line. When they were last on the field, in 2014, they were the Giants' most consistent lineman.
Doctor who infected Guatemalans with STDs also involved in ‘Tuskegee experiment' on black men in US
The scandal over Guatemalans infected with sex diseases in the 1940s so that US researchers could test remedies has revived painful memories of a similar episode involving African-Americans in the 20th century.
US President Barack Obama personally apologized on Friday to Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom and “all those affected,” by the experiment conducted by US public health researchers on hundreds of people in Guatemala between 1946 and 1948, the White House said.
In 1997, then president Bill Clinton similarly apologized for a study on treating syphilis that involved 400 black men who were recruited by medical authorities but were denied any treatment so researchers could study the progression of the disease.
The study on seasonal farmworkers in the southern city of Tuskegee, Alabama, often described as the “Tuskegee experiment,” took place between 1932 and 1972.
The two ordeals are linked together by one man. The chief researcher in the Guatemala study, controversial US public health doctor John Cutler, also played a major role in the Tuskegee experiment.
In fact, the Guatemala experiments came to light this year after Wellesley College professor Susan Reverby stumbled upon archived documents outlining the experiment led by Cutler, who died in 2003.
The main difference between the two experiments is that the Tuskegee men came to the study already infected with syphilis, unlike the Guatemalans who were deliberately infected by US researchers.
However, the Tuskegee men in many cases did not know they had the disease, only what was referred to culturally in the area as “bad blood,” a syndrome that caused fatigue and other symptoms.
In Guatemala, the researchers infected female commercial sex workers with gonorrhea or syphilis, and then allowed them to have unprotected sex with soldiers or prison inmates. They tested penicillin on them as treatment so see how effective it was.
“What was done cannot be undone but we can end the silence,” Clinton said in 1997.
“We can stop turning our heads away. We can look at you in the eyes and finally say, on behalf of the American people, what the United States government did was shameful and I am sorry.”
The Tuskegee experiment has become a powerful symbol of racism in the medical domain, according to author James H. Jones who authored a 1991 book on the subject.
“Treatment was deliberately withheld from syphilitic men in an effort to determine the natural course of the disease, regardless of the human cost to the subjects, their wives and children or their communities,” they said.
The study “was actually an ugly collaboration involving Public Health Service physicians, local private practitioners (white and black), the prestigious all-black Tuskegee Institute and Hospital, the county and state health departments, even draft boards,” they said.
“It was the longest non-therapeutic experiment on human beings in medical history.”
When a government review commission completed its analysis of the experiments, it described the effort as an “aberration, well intentioned but misguided.”
The US government has paid around 10 million dollars to the families of the Tuskegee victims and the incident led lawmakers to pass legislation banning such experiments and regulating the way medical experiments are carried out on people.
For the third time in a year, a secret spying court rejected an ACLU request to let some sunshine pierce its dark curtains of secrecy, ruling late Thursday that national security prohibits publishing even unclassified versions of court documents or allowing non-government lawyers to argue in the court.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was reacting to an ACLU petition in July to be part of the court's review of new wiretapping powers handed to the Administration by Congress in July. Under the new law – known as the FISC Amendments Act – the nation's spies can order companies like AT&T and Google to help the government drop dragnets into domestic internet and phone facilities to capture all communications suspected to involve at least one foreigner.
Previously, the law said that such wiretaps had to be approved on an individual basis if done inside the United States, while more lax rules held sway if the government wiretapped such communications outside the United States. That legality did not stop the Bush Administration, which began a secret spying program after 9/11 that included targeting these kinds of communications.
The ACLU argued that the new law expanded the government's powers so broadly that the court needed to make exceptions to its ultra-secret hearings that never allow any opposition.
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge Marya McLaughin dismissed those pleas, saying (.pdf) that there was no right for the public to know about the workings of the court.
The FISC has no tradition of openness, either with respect to its proceedings, its orders or to Government briefings filed with the FISC. [...] Although it is possible to identify some benefits which might flow from public access to Government briefs and FISC orders ... any such benefits would be outweighed by the risks to national security created by the potential exposure of the Government's targeting and minimization procedures.
ACLU attorney Jameel Jaffer expressed frustration, yet again – saying that secrecy should not be wrapped around a new law that affects every American's privacy.
"The Bush administration says that the new law is necessary to protect the country against terrorism, but there's nothing in the law that prevents the government from monitoring the communications of innocent Americans," Jaffer said in a written statement. "The intelligence court should not be deciding important constitutional issues in secret judicial opinions issued after secret hearings at which only the government is permitted to appear."
The ACLU also wanted to file a brief contesting the constitutionality of the targeting procedures and the law, but McLaughin declined, saying that the group's analysis would not be helpful since only the government and the court know how the spying works.
The FISC was given a little authority in the new law to oversee the procedures the National Security Agency will use to make sure it does not intentionally target Americans or snag purely domestic communications with its new dragnets. Under the rules, the NSA can't point the microphone at a particular American to monitor their overseas communications without a court order naming the target, but can monitor all Americans by targeting anyone outside the country using a new blanket order.
The ACLU also asked the court to make the government file unclassified versions of the documents it has to file with the court that describe the dragnets. Other than a yearly accounting of how many surveillance court orders it has granted or denied, little is known of the court and it has only released a handful of decisions in its 30-year history – including three in the last 12 months denying the ACLU's petitions to open itself up.
The ACLU also filed suit in federal district court to contest the law, which also provides retroactive amnesty for telecoms that helped the government to conduct warrantless spying on Americans.
See Also:
Doug Jones' earth-shaking win in Alabama on Tuesday has Democrats dreaming of 2018 aftershocks across the country and in states where they haven't been competitive in years.
They're eyeing Senate races in Utah, Nebraska and Texas; gubernatorial races in South Carolina, Georgia, Kansas and Tennessee; and House districts where Republicans hold more than a 5-point advantage heading into the midterms. The party is close to landing a recruit (a distant relative of Elvis) in Mississippi, the last Senate race in which they need one, with hopes that a divisive GOP primary could create another unexpected opening in the South. And there is sudden talk about dozens of pick-ups in state legislatures that could flip seven chambers and up to nine state attorneys general.
Story Continued Below
Some Democrats are more skeptical about the lessons of the Alabama stunner, noting that the party outspent Republicans 6 to 1 and beat an accused child molester by just more than a point. Roy Moore, even with allegations of sexual misconduct, still got 650,000 votes, more than they would have needed to win the seat in any other year. And political tribalism, they argue, is as real as ever.
But a surging Democratic turnout this year — even in races they lost — particularly among female, African-American and under-30 voters, combined with President Donald Trump's dismal approval rating and Republican infighting, have Democratic leaders seeing tough midterm races as manageable, and once-impossible races as long shots that just might happen, too.
“People are voting everywhere. People woke up the day after Trump got elected and said, ‘I will no longer be a casual participant in democracy ever again,'” Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez said in an interview. “Is it an uphill battle to win the House and the Senate? Of course it is. Is it doable? I think so as well.”
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Republican candidates in key races are struggling with how closely to align themselves with Trump, but Democrats aren't expecting many primaries like the one that produced Moore, let alone other candidates to face the explosive revelations that took them down.
Nonetheless, “even if they do avoid a total Trumpist apologist, they can't overcome the massive turnout and enthusiasm we're seeing across the country,” said Democratic Governors Association Chair Gov. Jay Inslee, adding: “This is a 50-state strategy that's happening organically.”
Perez said he'd pegged Jones' chances at 40-45 percent for weeks, but hasn't studied the rest of the races for next year well enough to put a number on the odds of Democrats taking the majorities beyond “solid.”
A Monmouth poll out Wednesday had 51 percent of registered voters favoring the generic Democrat in their districts, compared with 36 percent for the Republican.
For Democratic incumbents and challengers alike, the word has gone out from the national party and the Senate and House campaign committees: Professionalize operations early in coordination with national operatives to prepare not just for an already destabilized environment which no one can model, but to take advantage of more surprise flameouts and meltdowns if and when they come.
“I thought it was important that we have a strong, credible candidate,” said Jenny Wilson, who's trying to take down Sen. Orrin Hatch in Utah, of all places, “and I'm really seeing a path to the victory.”
Plus, Democrats see a midterm year with so many races in play that they're hoping they may be able to spread Republican money thin enough to minimize the financial advantage. And though the Koch brothers and others are expected to put hundreds of millions of outside money in, none of that super PAC money can be spent directly on the campaign operations that seem to be pulling candidates over the finish line.
Or, as Perez put it, in drilling down on the Alabama results, “I never dreamed that Doug Jones could outperform Barack Obama.”
“You've got a lot of energized Democrats, but also a lot of independent and moderate Republican voters who are rejecting the latest form of Trumpism,” said Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chair Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.).
Trump's saying that Moore would be another vote for their agenda is exactly the kind of comment Democrats are hoping they keep making about other Republican candidates.
“The things that Donald Trump has proposed so far when it comes to the economic agenda, they are very far away from the populist message that Donald Trump sold in a lot of these states,” Van Hollen added. “I know a lot of people are thinking that the Trump agenda is something that no longer helps them.”
Candidates say Trump's voters appear exhausted, and at the very least not transferring their support for them to other candidates, while other voters have been lit up.
Jane Raybould, a local grocery owner in Nebraska who came in 18 points behind when they were on the ticket for lieutenant governor in 2014, said she's already seeing it in their campaign against Sen. Deb Fischer.
“What I'm sensing and seeing from not only the people that I'm meeting, but the people I've spoken to on the phone, is a different level of engagement,” Raybould said. “The crowds are bigger. They're excited. They sense a real possibility in our state.”
Into the night Tuesday after the election was called for Jones and through the day on Wednesday, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Rep. Ben Ray Luján (D-N.M.) and their political staff made another round of calls to recruits they've been chasing.
New territory is opening up, said DCCC communications director Meredith Kelly, but they're also trying to be realistic about the unique issues that were at play for Jones in facing Moore.
“We need to be careful not to overlearn the lessons of Alabama,” Kelly said.
Nonetheless, the DCCC is already taking a fresh look at districts that have large African-American populations though they may not have had competitive races recently, as well as districts with Republican incumbents they believe they can push arguments about ethics and conduct against, and counter them with candidates like Jones, who can tout local roots and records of service.
“Alabama definitely supports that strategy and shows that strategy can work, though we don't know what the environment will be,” Kelly said.
Brandon Presley, the Mississippi public service commissioner who's fielded calls for weeks from Van Hollen and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, said the combination of the Virginia and Alabama wins were “a shot in the arm” for Southern Democrats.
“For many of us who have lived under somewhat of a dark cloud of dismal politics,” they said of Jones' win, “it was a bright ray of sunshine.”
Presley said he'll decide by the end of the year. But so far, they haven't heard from Washington since Jones claimed victory.
“I'm sure,” they said, “those calls are coming.”
The decision of the Constitutional Court of Libya's Supreme Court has failed to alleviate the political and security tension in the country, despite Ahmed Maiteeq, considered to be affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood, having abdicated their post as prime minister. This step came when the constitutional committee confirmed that the recent decision of the General National Congress is illegal. However, the conflict between Islamists and their opponents — who are waging a campaign on the ground dubbed “Libya's Dignity” and led by Maj. Gen. Khalifa Hifter — has been taken to another level, which is likely to further inflame the security and political situation.
Libyan Grand Mufti Sheikh Sadiq Ghariani has issued a fatwa declaring jihad against those fighting in the ranks of Hifter in their military operation. In a television interview, they stated, “Those who are fighting on the side of Hifter and are dying for their sake, they are dying ignorant. As for those who die fighting him, they are martyrs, who sacrificed their lives for God.” They also considered those “fighting in the ranks of Hifter to be oppressors and disobeying the legitimate ruler according to Sharia law. They are fighting people unjustly, and people have to fight them because they are oppressors.”
This call to fight the military forces affiliated with Hifter came following the call made by Libyan mufti to Ansar al-Sharia group — which is accused of terrorism — to renounce any terrorist acts against civilians. This call is made in an attempt to rid radical groups from their reputation as terrorists, which their opponents use to mobilize the international public opinion against them. Meanwhile, observers believe the fatwa of Libya's grand mufti is likely to widen the gap between both sides and give the green light to the armed religious groups loyal to the General National Congress to fight against Hifter's units.
In the context of military operations, according to news sources from the city of Benghazi, Hifter's military jets bombed sites that are believed to be arms caches belonging to armed Islamic groups. This attack came as a response to a military operation carried out by these groups, targeting political figures close to Hifter.
In the meantime, Tarek Mitri, UN envoy to Libya, said yesterday [June 10] that the recent unrest in Libya has caused the process of democratic transition to slow down, pointing out that these events are threatening the future of the country.
In a statement to Libyan media outlets, Mitri said “an expanded” meeting has been scheduled on June 18 and 19, gathering all political, security and civil society figures in Libya to discuss ways to lead the country out of this tunnel, which it entered against the backdrop of division and conflict over power.
Mitri's statement came after their intervention before the UN Security Council, where they explained that the meeting, which is sponsored by the UN and supported by the United States and Britain, seeks to put an end to the current division and proceed with the democratic transition to meet the deadline for legislative elections in January. During these elections, it is expected that about 1.5 million Libyans will vote to elect 200 MPs in the new parliament, which will be formed to replace the current National Congress.
On the other hand, Mitri confirmed that the preparations for this expanded meeting stems from the UN, which will set forth a draft consensus agreement involving all Libyan parties. This draft agreement will be discussed and then agreed upon during this two-day meeting, which is expected to be attended by more than 50 political and security figures chosen by Mitri.
Furthermore, according to Egyptian press yesterday [June 10], the outgoing Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy yesterday morning received US Ambassador David Satterfield, which is further proof that both diplomats have discussed the situation in Libya.
laugh in your face
not
Ponyscape is the easier-to-use, great for any skill level free vector program!
This pack contains apples that willwhen you try to turn them into oranges! Sure you might turn blue jays and frogs into oranges, butthese apples!Pack contains all three, yes three, apple vectors!Program used was Ponyscape.Ponyscape is 's modified Inkscape so you'll need that if you want to use the SVG files with all the AWESOME options.For the latest version, visit their journals! [link] Even better is the symbol below means you can use my vectors for free! Even for commercial works! All I ask is that you attribute me and share whatever you make with them in the same manner as I shared these! Have fun!HD screenshots traced came from S3E3 "Too Many Pinkie Pies" of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic which is copyright Hasbro and Thanks so much both of you for letting the community run like it does!
Of course it would end like this.
For the third straight season and sixth time out of 10 North American League Championship Series seasons, Team SoloMid, the kingpin of the region, won the domestic league title. TSM dispatched Immortals by a scoreline of 3-1, winning the last two games of the series in comeback fashion. Once down over 10,000 gold in the fourth game of the best-of-five series and one lost member away from going to a climactic Game 5, TSM stopped the bleeding, reversed the momentum and eventually captured the NA LCS championship in front of a packed TD Garden in Boston under chants of "T-S-M!," willing the team to victory.
TSM has made it to all seven world championships, and the same starting five will be returning from last year's Worlds, where the American hope got stopped on home soil in the group stages by China's Royal Never Give Up and eliminated from the tournament. Heading into the event last year, TSM, which only dropped a single best-of series the entire summer split, was expected to at least make the knockout round. The team was anchored by the region's two brightest stars, now four-time league MVP Soren "Bjergsen" Bjerg and veteran AD carry Yiliang "Doublelift" Peng. TSM managed to split the group stage series with eventual runner-up and South Korean powerhouse Samsung Galaxy, but the moral victory meant little -- a team that preached gaining success at Worlds over all else was sent home before even getting a chance to test itself in a best-of-five chess match.
It was all right, though. As always with North American clubs at Worlds, excuses were aplenty.
"They were never supposed to be that good, anyway."
"Biofrost is a rookie! Too much pressure, too soon."
"It's North America -- what did we expect? Overrated, per usual."
After TSM took home its first of the NA LCS three-peat last year at the summer final, the team didn't hesitate to aim for the highest peak of the mountain. TSM didn't go into last year's Worlds to try its best and hope to maybe get into the quarterfinals. It expected to go far, and when the team failed to even make the knockout stage, it was a major setback for possibly the best North American team of all time.
A year later, TSM will not have the luxury of playing in front of the hometown fans and traveling only a few hours from its team house in Los Angeles to an arena in San Francisco. This time, it'll take the long trek over to the country of the team that broke their hearts last year, China, where RNG, the runner-up of both the spring and summer LPL splits, will be waiting for the North American champion.
At the news conference this year -- TSM's third finals winning news conference in a row with all five members sitting next to one another -- the message was clear: Last year was unacceptable.
"We came into last Worlds pretty cocky," Doublelift said. "We thought we were a top-4 team. We were like, 'We're gonna win it,' and we were all super crushed when we started to lose in the group stages because like, whoa, we weren't supposed to lose. I think coming into this one we're humble. We were hungry last time, but I don't think we had a great approach to practice and our mentality was just wrong coming in. I think coming into Worlds thinking like a winner but also being humble at the same time is just so important because every team is so good."
The Mid-Season Invitational this year was supposed to be the redemption arc for TSM, sans Doublelift who was on a short sabbatical, and yet, it only continued the narrative of the best North American club falling short when it mattered most. In a similar situation to what Immortals had over TSM in Boston, TSM threw an almost unlosable position to European representative G2 Esports to begin the club's downward spiral at the event, dropping from what would have been a third-place position to being forced to play in a tiebreaker. Then Taiwan's Flash Wolves would send TSM home once again before playing a single best-of-five.
If TSM is to ultimately redeem itself at the international level, it isn't going to be easy. Due to its disastrous fallout against G2 at MSI, North America lost its Pool 1 seed at Worlds, meaning even as summer split champion, TSM will be drawn into a group with one of G2 Esports (Europe's champion), Longzhu Gaming (South Korea's champion), EDward Gaming (China's champion) or the Flash Wolves (Taiwan's champion). There are scenarios where TSM could get the Flash Wolves, SK Telecom T1 and Team WE all in its group. Even in the most favorable matchup, making it out of groups isn't going to be easy, and one week of subpar play will send TSM back to the United States without a best-of-five under its belt for the fifth straight international event.
There are no excuses or moral victories to go around this year. The team stands as one of the few that returns an exact snapshot of its roster from last year's Worlds, and its ace player, Bjergsen, is coming off another spectacular season with their fourth league MVP. The team's greatest weaknesses -- the inability to come back in games or make the right decisions in crucial objective-oriented moments -- has seemingly been fixed through its showings in the playoffs (at least on a domestic level), and it can't blame anyone but itself for not receiving a Pool 1 seed at Worlds.
From top to bottom, this should be the best team North America has ever sent to Worlds. A three-peating champion held up by the undisputed player in the league (Bjergsen), the best AD carry in the league (Doublelift), and a top laner who finished second in MVP voting last spring (Hauntzer). The green member from last year, Vincent "Biofrost" Wang, has matured and walked away from Boston as NA Finals MVP, their Rakan plays saving their team at crucial moments in those games where Immortals were on the doorstep of victory. Everyone on the team is familiar with each other. Nothing should surprise this team. It will also have ample time to boot camp in Asia before the event and get adjusted to the time zone difference before beginning play in the round-of-16 group stage.
No amount of flowery words or impassioned speeches of valor will protect TSM if it is to fail again. The team has worked all year to get to this point, surviving the spring without Doublelift before returning to its optimal form in summer where it won the most competitive NA LCS split in history, where teams like Dignitas and Team Envy improved leaps and bounds from the spring split. Anything but a quarterfinal appearance for TSM will be seen as a disaster, and honestly, it should.
To be an elite team on the international level, expectations must come with it. North American or not, TSM has the skill and experience to make it into the top 8 and possibly beyond in China at the World Championships.
If TSM fails to make it out of groups, regardless of how many fans chant those three letters over and over, crying into their merchandise, the team will return to the newly franchised NA LCS as a massive disappointment.
When TSM set off to Wuhan for the group stages, it won't only be going to represent North America. In the country of the team that crushed them last year, TSM is about to embark on a journey to win back something even more valuable than another NA LCS trophy: its pride.
Coming Soon
Avatar The Last Airbender
Long ago, the four nations lived in harmony. Then, everything changed. The animated show's original creators helm a live-action take on Aang's story.
Ingress: The Animation
After scientists discover a mysterious substance that can influence human minds, two factions wage an all-out battle to control its awesome power.
If I Hadn't Met You
Eduard, a husband and father who loses their family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for their beloved wife.
Chip & Potato
A loveable pug and their mouse BFF start kindergarten, welcome new siblings and learn to become part of their community in this series for preschoolers.
Love Alarm
A software developer creates an app that alerts users if anyone nearby harbors romantic feelings for them. Adapted from the popular web cartoon.
Spectros
A teenage boy and their friends get caught in a clash between Brazilian witchcraft and Japanese Shinto spirits in their neighborhood.
Second City Television Special (Working Title)
Martin Scorsese directs this Netflix original comedy special exploring the enduring legacy of Emmy-winning sketch comedy show "SCTV."
Ultraman
Years after Ultraman disappeared, Shinjiro learns of their connection to the legendary hero and dons the metallic ultra-suit to fight new aliens.
One of the most controversial filmmakers working in cinema today, Gaspar Noé is someone who isn't afraid to push the boundaries of film and provoke audiences in the process. Their films are often provocative tales that feature graphic and honest depictions of human sexuality.  They are also not afraid to show the brutal ugliness that exist within humankind. These themes may not always help them find funding for their projects, but Noé does not let the lack of money stop them creatively. In fact it propels them to push the boundaries, especially from a technical side, even further.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on December 27, 1963, Noé is the son Luis Felipe Noé, a famous Argentinian writer and artist. Through their father, Noé discovered all forms of art and fell in love with cinema seeing Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey at the age of 7. While attending the Louis Lumiere College, they stumbled upon an Austrian serial killer film called Angst by Gerald Kargl. The film's brash approach to violence and terror excited Noé. After graduating from college, they spent much of the 1980s honing their craft as a filmmaker by working as an assistant director on various projects in France and Argentina.
Tintarella di luna/Carne (review)
During their time working as an assistant director Gaspar Noé made several short films. One of which was the 1985 film entitled Tintarella di luna, a strange short that obviously took cues from the famed surrealist filmmaker Luis Bunuel. Noé infused graphic sex and violence into their story about a woman who leaves their husband for their lover and must face the harsh consequences of that decision. Even in their early works, the director was not afraid to explore dark terrain.
Upon meeting another aspiring filmmaker in Lucile Hadžihalilović, who eventually became their wife and collaborator, Noé decided to make a short called Carne. The film focused on a butcher who spends their time working and tending to their mute daughter, the latter of whom they find themselves growing more attracted to. Carne explored a man coming to terms with their own sexual needs while being conflicted about their hatred towards the world around him. The role of the butcher was played by Philippe Nahon, who would go on to appear in several of Noé's films. Carne premiered at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival, as part of the International Critics' Week section, ended up winning a couple of awards.
I Stand Alone (review)
After working on a film for French television, which garnered them some acclaim in the region, Noé decided to make a feature-length follow-up to their 1991 short film Carne. I Stand Alone revolved around a butcher (Philippe Nahon reprising the role) who goes to jail for a crime they did not commit and loses the custody of their daughter in the process. Complicating matters is the fact that the butcher gets married to a woman that ultimately takes advantage of him. Playing into the aesthetics of burgeoning New French Extremity, Gaspar Noé pushed the envelope in the way they explored the butcher's inability to cope with the world they inhabited.
Along with Nahon, Noé got Blandine Lenoir and Frankye Pain to reprise their respective roles as the butcher's daughter and mistress. Noé also enlisted Lucile Hadžihalilović to edit the film and Dominique Colin to serve as cinematographer. Among the things that the director wanted to improve on was their approach to close-ups. Expanding on the zoom techniques that they experimented with it with in Carne, the director created shots that effectively played into the butcher's own isolation and disdain for the world.
I Stand Alone made its premiere at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival where it won the International Critics' Week prize. The film went on to become a festival hit at Telluride, New York, Toronto, Rotterdam, San Francisco, and Sundance. I Stand Alone hit theatrical release in France in early 1999 and was well-received by French cinephiles. It came out at a perfect time when French cinema was embarking on a period where filmmakers started pushing the boundaries of explicit sexual content and graphic violence in their works.
Sodomites/Intoxication
Shortly after the premiere of I Stand Alone, Noé participated in a short film project that explored the pornography industry in France. Sodomites was designed promote safe sex within porno adult films. The story involved a crazed man in a wolf mask being tasked to have sex with a woman, while others watched in celebration, but is in need of a condom. As expected, the film divided audiences in 1998 as many were uncomfortable with the subject matter. In 2002 Noé made another short, entitled Intoxication, that focused on a drunk, Stephane Drouout, discussing cinema from the confines of their kitchen. While a simple short, the intriguing aspect of the film was that it showed Noé's diversity. It proved they were capable of much more than merely shocking viewers.
Irreversible (review)
Gaspar Noé's second feature-length film was Irreversible, an unconventional revenge film that put Noé on the map globally. Told in reverse-chronological order, the plot revolved around the traumatic events that resulted in the rape of Alex (Monica Bellucci) by a stranger in a Parisian underpass. Angered by the rape, Alex's boyfriend Marcus (Vincent Cassel) and their friend Pierre (Albert Dupontel), delve into the seedy underworld of Paris looking to extract their brand of vengeance on the assailant.
Irreversible was daring on several levels as Noé presented the film in a way that gave the impression at times that it was filmed in one-continuous shot. This helped to heighten the terror in film while also giving it a surreal feel. Cinematographer Benoit Debie shot the film on 16mm and while Noé assumed editing and camera operator duties on top of their directing responsibilities. With the camera constantly moving, which in itself is a subtle nod to the book An Experiment with Time by John William Dunne that Alex reads, the film offered a truly visceral experience. This was most notable in the unflinching single take rape scene which proved to be the film's most extreme moment.
The film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2002 and played in competition for the Palme d'Or. Irreversible's screening became one of the notorious moments in the history of the festival. The rape scene and a graphic violence led to numerous walkouts and polarized audiences. Though the film did not pick up any awards at the festival, the buzz surrounding the film helped it to both secure theatrical releases in the U.S. and U.K. in early 2003, and made Gaspar Noé a major name in cinema.
Eva/We Fuck Alone/8-SIDA
Noé spent the next few years creating short films and contributing segments to omnibus films in order to gain funding for their future projects. In 2005, they made an experimental, and at times frenetic, short called Eva. The film featured supermodel Eva Herzigova found model assuming three distinct personas.
The director also contributed to experimental anthology called Destricted about the topic of pornography. Noé joined other renowned filmmakers, such as Sam Taylor-Wood, Marina Abramovic, Matthew Barney, Larry Clark, Richard Prince, and Marco Brambilla, in making a short film that looked at pornography's impact on society. Noé's film, entitled We Fuck Alone, focused on two people in different rooms masturbating to a porno that they're both watching. While the short was very dark in tone, there was also a strange air of childlike innocence that flowed throughout the film. Destricted premiered at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival that and received mixed reviews from both critics and audiences.
Gaspar Noé is also taken part in another omnibus film entitled 8 which revolved on 8 Millennium Development Goals. Other contributors to the anthology project included Gus Van Sant, Jane Campion, and Wim Wenders to name a few. Noé chose to do their short, entitled Sida, on the subject of AIDS. A departure from their usual brand of films, the narrative involved a man reflecting on what it is like living with the disease. The simple static shot allowed the audience to focus their attention on the man's emotions rather than Noé's usual visual flare.
Enter the Void (review)
After spending time on smaller projects, Noé finally secured funding for Enter the Void, a film they had wanted to make for several years. Fascinated by themes of life and death, the film revolved around a young drug dealer named Oscar (Nathaniel Brown), living in Tokyo with their sister Linda (Paz de la Huerta), who endures an out-of-body experience upon their death. The film follows the Oscar's spirit as it copes with their own death and their sister's grief.
Told from a first-person perspective, the film was a visual feat unlike anything Noé had done before. Aided once again by cinematographer Benoit Debie, and famed visual effects designer Pierre Buffin, Gaspar Noé brought in a strong team behind the scenes to help realize their vision. Some of these individuals included editors Marc Boucrot and Jerome Pesnel, sound designer Ken Yasumoto, and Daft Punk's Thomas Banglater overseeing the music. Shot on location in Tokyo, the neon lights of the city helped Noé to blur the lines between reality and fantasy. Due to the ambitious nature of the film, post-production took more than a year to complete.
Noé unveiled an unfinished 163-minute long version of Enter the Void at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. The film received a positive reception and toured the festival circuit. In early 2010, a finished 154 minute cut of the film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. Though the film was too experimental to connect with mainstream audiences at the box office, Enter the Void did strike a chord with those who did see the film. Some critics considered the film to be Noé's crowning achievement.
7 Days in Havana-The Ritual
Following a break after the release of Enter the Void, Noé was approached by producers in Europe to take part in an anthology film, 7 Days in Havana, set in Havana, Cuba. Noé's film The Ritual focused on a young African-Cuban girl who is forced by their parents, believing they were cursed into being homosexual, to go into a cleansing ritual. Starring Othello Rensoli, Cristela Herrera, and Dunia Matos, the short found Noé taken a more restrained approach. Instead of letting their usual visual flare overshadow the narrative, they ensured that the parent's inability to cope with their daughter's sexuality remained at the forefront. 7 Days in Havana made its premiere at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival in the Un Certain Regard section where it received an excellent reception.
Love (review)
Gaspar Noé's newest feature is a love story between Murphy (Karl Glusman), an enchanting artist Electra (Aomi Muyock), and Omi (Klara Kristin), the mother of Murphy's child. Shot in 3D, with Benoit Debie once again handling the cinematography, the film continues Noé's fascination with exploring human sexuality. The film premiered 2015 Cannes Film Festival this past May and, to the surprise of no one, polarized critics and audiences. Maintaining Noé's reputation as an enfant terrible, the film was given a theatrical release in France in July and will be screening at the Toronto International Film Festival in a few weeks.
Uninterested in achieving mainstream success or acceptance, Gaspar Noé remains one of the most fascinating and controversial figures in cinema.  They are fearless in their approach to filmmaking and is constantly pushing the limits from both a visual and narrative perspective. In an age where many often lament that lack of originality and risk-taking in the film industry, Gaspar Noé is the man providing those things and more.
© thevoid99 2015
To meet a December deadline, MTA to spend $66 million accelerating 2nd Ave. Subway work By Benjamin Kabak By· Published in 2016
There is nothing quite like the fear of missing a looming deadline to inspire anyone to work a bit harder and a bit faster, as the MTA and its contractors are currently learning. Faced with the (for-some-reason) daunting task of delivering a major capital project somewhat on time (but only after years of shifting expectations), with ten months to go before 2016 runs out, the agency is entering acceleration mode and plans to spend $66 million worth of expenditures to speed up to work to ensure the Second Ave. Subway is ready for revenue service by year's end.
The plan is set to come before the MTA Board during this week's meetings, and if you read between the lines — or even if you read the lines themselves — it seems as though the agency is worried about that promise made all those years ago by MTA Capital Construction President Michael Horodniceanu to deliver Phase 1 of the Second Ave. Subway by the end of 2016. As the agency board materials note on page 131 of this pdf, “Failure to enter into the proposed Acceleration Agreements and implement the proposed acceleration plans will increase the risk that Revenue Service will not commence until sometime in 2017 which will also have a financial impact on construction management support costs as well as the operating budget and prolong crowded conditions on the Lexington Avenue line.”
That the project could face challenges meeting the December deadline is hardly breaking news by now. While the federal government has long doubted the 2016 date and believes a 2017 opening is more likely, the MTA's Independent Engineering Consultant first warned of delays in December and reiterated this stance in January. In this month's update, the IEC again raises concerns. It notes that certain major test dates have been postponed and design and scope change orders continue to be issued this late in the game. With the acceleration work set to reduce the project contingency, the MTA is fast running out of wiggle room.
That brings us to this request for accelerated work. As the MTA notes, perhaps discouragingly and perhaps alarming, in its request to enter into these agreements, opening up four new stations “presents logistical challenges unprecedented in modern New York City Transit operation.” With three different contractors working on three different stations at the same time, the MTA sees “enormous” and “complicated” challenges. That the language is so dire consider the relatively modest scope of Phase 1 of the Second Ave. Subway should give us agita regarding the future of any massive subway expansions in line with those underway by New York City's international peer cities.
The acceleration work involves some relatively basic elements of the construction. Crews will begin to work extended shifts and some weekends to complete the stations, and the outstanding elements all involve what you would expect this close to completion. Behind-the-scenes power and mechanical rooms need more work; fan rooms, elevators and escalators must be ready; and finishes, testing and commissioning need to be complete before the Second Ave. Subway is certified for revenue service.
Meanwhile, as part of another modification (page 128 of this pdf), the MTA also just realized it is required to install 36 fire dampers at the 63rd St. station and somehow just discovered that the tunnel from 57th St./7th Ave. to 63rd St./Lexington is in bad shape. Here is how the Board materials describe the situation:
The tracks in the tunnel south of the 63rd St./Lexington Avenue Station to north of 57th Street and 7th Avenue Station were built in the late 1970s as part of the “New Routes” 63rd St. Line. These tracks never had regular train service, and have been rarely used, except for occasional re-routes. Currently there is no scheduled revenue service over them however, this will change once SAS service begins with the ‘Q' train scheduled to operate along these tracks and continuing to the new 2nd Avenue Subway. Given the significant water ingress that has been constantly present in this area since its construction, the northbound and southbound tracks in this section have experienced severe degradation. NYC Transit has determined that this tunnel section must be addressed immediately including the replacement of track, tunnel lighting, antenna cable, emergency alarms, emergency telephones, etc. The above track replacement and associated signal equipment work will be addressed through a third-party contract and NYC Transit in-house forces will address the remaining work, all of which must be completed in time for SAS Revenue Service. However, in order to perform this work, the water condition must be addressed first. NYC Transit has directed that the specialized chemical grout (NOH2O) and methods that were successfully employed on other MTACC and NYC Transit projects, be utilized in this tunnel section.
Now, you might be wondering how the MTA is only now just discovering this problem in a rather vital stretch of track key to launching the Second Ave. Subway, and for that, I have no answer yet. I will inquire this week as to how this just came to light. Contractors began this mitigation work in early January and should be able to finish in advance to ensure revenue service by the end of the year. The Board materials, however, note ominously that “the schedule impact of these modifications is still under review and any schedule adjustments will be addressed in a subsequent modification.”
This is a sprint now and the hurdles just keep on coming. Anyone out there expects to ride this new subway before we flip the calendar to 2017? With the obstacles, self-imposed or otherwise, in the MTA's path, that is looking like one tough deadline to meet.
As the clouds of war spread over Russia during Germany's surprise invasion in 1941, the fervent young lovers, the sensitive Veronika and the stalwart Boris, are parted when the patriotic lad secretly volunteers for the war effort. During the following hard years, Veronika who serves their country as a wartime-nurse will lose communication with Boris, moreover, when a devastating air raid destroys their house and Boris' father takes them in to live with the family, unexpectedly, things will take a turn for the worse. Before long, the worried fiancée will find themselves dealing not only with the dark thoughts of Boris' potential loss but also with the burden of an unwelcome decision. Once, the star-crossed lovers swore eternal devotion under a flock of flying cranes, still, a war is always cruel and eternally disastrous. Written by Nick Riganas
Linden Lab has announced a new and improved Second Life experience, due to some much-needed updates and completion of projects that should make your Second Life experiences faster, smoother, and more reliable. Of course, using the latest version of the official SL viewer will ensure that you will see the benefits of the improvements, but I have no doubt that Firestorm and other TPVs (third party viewers) have already done so, or will catch up very soon. As you know the folks over at Firestorm meet regularly with the SL team at Linden Lab and work hand-in-hand with their technology.
We all knew they were working on something, because Second Life has been hiccuping and burbling more than usual lately. It will all be worth it, however, if we can see significant improvement to performance. Hopefully without having to run out and buy a new computer to keep up with the technological changes!
In an article posted in the Featured News blog on the Second Life website, Linden Lab indicated the following had undergone serious improvement. You will note one thing they worked on, which has been the bane of every group's existence, is the quirky and unreliable group chat.
(the following is a direct quote from the article on the blog)
1. Speeding Up the Marketplace
If you visit the Marketplace today, you should be seeing a much snappier experience than in the past. We recently deployed infrastructure upgrades for the Marketplace, and the site has since shown some of the best performance we've ever seen from it. Even during peak usage periods over the weekend, when in the past performance would degrade, we're seeing response times that average 70% faster and page load times that are 30% faster than before the changes.
2. Improving Group Chat
Last week, we also deployed new group chat server configurations. Our internal metrics are showing dramatic improvements in group chat performance, and we hope that you're seeing that in your own experience as well. We are still seeing some cases in which performance for some groups degrades for shorter periods of time than before, and we are continuing to investigate and make changes; the project isn't finished, but we've made a lot of progress.
3. Faster Texture & Mesh Loading
The entire grid is now using a CDN service for textures and meshes. This change means that textures and meshes should load more quickly, particularly for those who is a login to Second Life from places that are far from our US data centers. Our testing showed dramatic improvements: average download times for textures and meshes have been reduced by more than 50% on average, and the improvement is even more dramatic outside of North America.
4. Quicker Viewer-Server Communications
Another way we're enhancing Second Life performance is through our HTTP project, which improves the way your Viewer communicates with grid services. With the HTTP Project Viewer out now, the faster content download times you'll see thanks to the CDN change get even better – we're talking 80% faster!
As you look for these improvements, please bear in mind this important note from Oz Linden:
“The CDN (and HTTP in those viewers that have them) improvements for texture and mesh data are improvements to how long it takes to download the data. Once they've been downloaded, your viewer caches them locally so the next time you need that data it doesn't need to download them at all. What that means is that these improvements mostly affect how quickly you see new things: places and objects you've never seen before. You probably won't see a big difference in familiar places because your viewer should be using cached data for those.
So… now's the time to try checking out places you've never seen before!
The use of pipelined HTTP for the initial load of your inventory when you log in matters every time, since while we cache some inventory data locally we always make sure it's correct by loading it all at the beginning of your session.”
So, How's Second Life Performing for you? Linden Lab wants your feedback! Linden Lab recognizes that performance improvements are not as sexy as a new feature, but these changes will (hopefully) improve your experience in world and lessen your frustration. These changes directly impact all our Second Life experiences and our daily lives in world. If you are noticing these improvements, they would like to know in the Forums, on Twitter, or however you prefer.
******
On a side note, thank you all once again for helping make our 7th Anniversary Celebration last week a success! We wouldn't be here without you, our residents and merchants. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for helping make ZoHa Islands one of the top estates in SL!
I remain respectfully yours,
~ Suzanne Piers, Social Media Manager
Story highlights Laura Stepp: Sermons against having sex ineffective; almost all young adults have sex
U.S. has one of the highest unplanned pregnancy rates for single young women, they says
Stepp: The smartest way to prevent unwanted pregnancies is to promote contraception
Stepp: Ad Council campaign uses fresh approach of humor and website to help
Nothing is funnier than sex. In all the fretting over teens having babies and ranting against abortion, we forget about the night the bed broke, or the trouble we had pushing the dog off the couch, or even the laugh we had at age 11 when we stole our big sister's list of words for vagina. ("The Duchess"? Really?)
For reasons religious and political, certain Americans have turned what is one of the most natural and silliest of experiences into a sermon. As in, don't do it until you're married. Young people, ages 18 to 29, are simply ignoring this. According to a national survey by the Guttmacher Institute , almost 90% of unmarried young adults have had sex, and most are sexually active.
This horse is not only out of the barn, it's down the road and having a long drink of water. And the cowboys and cowgirls trying to rope the horse back in would do better to turn their attention to an issue they might be able to do something about: promoting contraception.
Single U.S. women in their 20s have one of the highest unplanned pregnancy rates in the world: seven out of 10, to be exact . Five out of 10 such pregnancies result in births. Consequences for the young parents and their children can be severe: stalled educational opportunities and serious health and school problems, among others.
The latest major player to focus attention on pregnancy prevention is the Ad Council, the organization that, 67 years ago, brought us Smokey Bear and fire prevention and later, produced such notables as car crash dummies Vince and Larry and the phrase "Friends don't let friends drive drunk."
Laura Sessions Stepp
The Ad Council recently began offering 33,000 media outlets -- digital, TV, radio, outdoor and print -- the opportunity to run for free a series of short ads encouraging 20-somethings to use birth control. Humor is key.
Of course, unplanned pregnancy is a serious problem in this country, council President Peggy Conlon said in an interview, similar to others the council has tackled, such as childhood obesity, gay and lesbian bullying, and dating abuse.
"Frankly, we don't take on many new campaigns," Conlon said. "We get hundreds of requests and take on maybe three to five a year. We felt very strongly that educating young women about birth control is a straightforward proposition. The campaign is exclusively about what options you have if you decide you're going to have sex and don't want to get pregnant. It's really education in prevention, as simple as that."
The public service announcements aren't on a par with comedian Whitney Cummings' risqué material, but they do make any sex jokes we parents make look incredibly lame. In one of them, two partners struggle to remove jeans that are fashionably skinny. In another, the slippery shower stall poses a problem. In yet another, a passionate couple is interrupted by a voyeur: a black and white Great Dane-boxer mix with a disapproving stare. (No worries: I'm not spoiling anything here. The ads, created by the New York agency Euro RSCG, are way funnier than I am.)
At the end of each spot, viewers are directed to the website www.bedsider.org , which also uses humor to help visitors compare 15 kinds of contraception, locate the closest place to acquire various methods, set up regular birth control reminders, and watch videos of real women sharing birth control experiences, including women who are not having sex.
Animated shorts on the site debunk sex myths. As in, is it possible for a guy to be too big for a condom? One click on a drawing of a dachshund, entitled "2 big 2 fit," brings up the answer. Want advice for better sex? The site has that, too, for example, "Warming the feet can increase your chance of orgasm by 30%." Who knew?
Bedsider is a project of The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy, a nonprofit organization that bid last year for the coveted Ad Council support. The project is being funded -- to the tune of several million dollars -- by a private foundation that the campaign says has no connection to the pharmaceutical industry.
The teen pregnancy rate has declined nearly 40% over the past two decades, but rates of unplanned pregnancy among young adults have remained stubbornly high. This stagnation compelled Sarah Brown, the National Campaign's CEO, to seek fresh thinking, including help from IDEO, a San Francisco-based design firm whose clients include Converse shoes and the smartphone alternative Peek.
"We need to rebrand contraception as something that promotes self-determination, education and achievement," Brown said.
Not everyone will agree with Brown, of course. Recently, several conservative Republican lawmakers attempted to rebuke the concept of contraception as an endorsement of "consequence-free sex" that will bring about a "pagan society," and said it uses public funding to prevent a generation from being born. (I am not making this up. See NPR correspondent Julie Rovner's broadcast.
The problem is not contraception, dear U.S. Rep. Steve King and others; it's not taking advantage of contraception. Fewer than half of the young adults surveyed by Guttmacher said they used birth control carefully and consistently.
I confess I have some difficulty understanding why so many young couples today don't use birth control faithfully.
When women of my generation moved into adulthood, we had very few people to talk to about sex and only a couple of choices of birth control. Illegal and dangerous abortions were common. So it's easy for us to mutter something like, "Don't these young women know how lucky they are?"
Well no, many of them don't. Nor should we expect them to. What we can do is recall what it was like to do a little mattress dancing at their age, and how concerns about school or friends or the possibility of getting pregnant could keep us from really enjoying ourselves.
Few things in life feel as good as good sex, especially with a loving partner. And today, just as in the past, young people often have to brush away a bunch of pesky thought-gnats to enjoy it. The fear of pregnancy no longer need to be one of those pests, and bravo to the Ad Council for reminding us all of that.
2016 was the year of good people stepping up, emboldened by Donald Trump's run for the White House and the message they delivered. At first people scoffed - saying they entered the Presidential race to promote their brand, or to stroke their ego. That they were a sideshow with no chance - maybe even a charlatan. Most people never stopped to notice that Trump has been consistent in their message for nearly 30 years.
Flashback: Donald Trump's thoughts on politics and the direction of the country - 1988 pic.twitter.com/RiK7DvEb9o — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) March 10, 2017
Then there was that time before the debate last February when Dr. Ben Carson had that awkward moment on stage. As the rest of the candidates shuffled past smirking - especially low energy Jeb, Donald Trump casually walked over and stood next to Carson like it was no big deal:
Donald Trump stands strong next to Ben Carson before February 2016 debate as other candidates smirk their way past. pic.twitter.com/iaD0on7uHR — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) March 10, 2017
This unscripted moment of humanity was when I started paying attention to Donald Trump. The more I listened, the more I realized they were absolutely for real. They were our guy - though I was positive they didn't have a chance in hell of winning. Surely he'd be diced up and marginalized by the media like all the other outsiders who have run for President - and boy did they try. The rest is history...
Well, not quite...
If we are to believe things went down the way Dr. Steve Pieczenik described last November; while Donald Trump flew around the country delivering their vision to America, good people within the US intelligence community saw an opportunity to take America back from a cabal of open-border neocons backed by socialist oligarchs like George Soros. According to Pieczenik, a "counter-coup" was hatched - assisted by Julian Assange of WikiLeaks. Throughout the 2016 election, a series of emails - possibly originating from DNC insiders and white hat hackers, and possibly involving the Russians (depending on whose story you buy) were passed to Assange. These emails were made available to the public through WikiLeaks, and the sheer volume of information released was overwhelming.
There was no table of contents or any other guide to the content. Instead, these were raw - DKIM verified emails, which would take nothing short of a massive crowd-sourced effort to process and decipher. Within days however, dots were rapidly being connected by a quantum-computer of human processing power across various message boards - mostly 4chan and Reddit's "The_Donald". This internet army, if you will, refer to themselves as "Weaponized Autists" - a self-deprecating term to describe their Rain Man abilities to quickly connect dots, form theories, discard dead ends, and spread their findings like wildfire through social media giants Reddit, Twitter, and Facebook. Oh, and there's a frog-God named Kek you may have heard of.
The results of the online efforts were staggering, as the world witnessed revelations of "Pay for Play" by Clinton Foundation donors who funded ISIS, the DNC cheating against Bernie Sanders, MSM collusion with the Clinton campaign, Hillary's dreams of open borders, "unaware and compliant" citizens, #SpiritCooking, Wet Works, strange food-related code words we're all waiting for resolution on, and evidence of Aliens and Zero Point Energy - or a completely insane Edgar Mitchell (15052).
You can read more here.
Now the rest is history...
After the election, however, the weaponized autists quickly grew bored, so when washed up attention whore Shia LaBeouf live-streamed their "He Will Not Divide Us" anti-Trump "art" installation at a museum in New York - in which disaffected snowflakes endlessly chanted "He Will Not Divide Us" like Kool-Aid sipping morons, 4chan wasted no opportunity infiltrating and disrupting the high-tech temper tantrum:
HE. WILL NOT. DIVIDE US. (REEEEE!) - 4chan invades HWNDU ???? pic.twitter.com/dK2fSGN4Lp — ZeroPointNow (@ZeroPointNow) March 10, 2017
After the stream was effectively taken over by patriots, LaBeouf tried to wall off the anti-Trump exhibit (irony), granting entrance only to those who had been vetted, so as not to "terrorize" the snowflakes. This didn't work, and the exhibit was eventually shut down by the museum on January 10th. LaBeouf then moved the live stream to Albuquerque in February, which was a dismal failure.
Not to be outdone, Shia finally relocated the livestream to a remote unknown location. It featured a white "He Will Not Divide Us" flag on a flagpole - blowing in the wind, with the sound of frogs in the background.
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED:
4chan would not be bested by LaBeouf, and a call was issued within hours of the stupid flag's hoisting. Let's take a look at what happened next:
Anon gets technical:
A great start, but there was an early break in the case which narrowed things down considerably: Shia was seen at a Greenville, TN diner - and TMZ reported them fly fishing in the area.
A call is issued to local residents who might be viewing the thread. Note the coarse language - (not safe for safe spaces):
Building evidence:
One anon hunting around Greenville finds a flagpole on top of an art gallery - a good guess considering HWNDU's previous locations:
And is reminded of the frogs...
4chan demands proof when people make claims:
A plane is spotted! Another anon jumps in with a link to flight radar information over Greenville, TN:
Two more planes:
And they're spotted!!!
Meanwhile, working the fly fishing angle:
Now combining Greenville fly fishing spots with flights over the area:
Excitement builds...
Frogs mentioned:
Rundown through space and time:
(not quite... but close)
Looking for a place with fly fishing, and Flag Pond pops up:
Nolichucky River is also suspect:
Another flight check:
TARGET ACQUIRED - a residence 10 Miles NW of Flag Pond and 1000 ft. from Nolichucky River:
Under the cover of darkness... MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
A MAGA HAT!
Aaaaand the stream is down
This is how elections are won. Until the next battle...
Content originally generated at iBankCoin.com * Follow on Twitter @ZeroPointNow
In 1945, Alfred Hitchcock advised on a film that would catalogue the atrocities uncovered in concentration camps by Allied troops. Now the Imperial War Museum has completed the film with previously unseen footage
Skeletal figures, too weak to move, wait limply for help. At gunpoint, blank-faced SS officers manhandle the twisted bodies of the prisoners they starved to death, slinging them into gigantic burial pits that will eventually be filled with thousands of corpses. Bullet-riddled bodies and skulls smashed into grotesque shapes line country roads. Having frantically tried to dig their way out of a barn where hundreds were being burned to death, a man's body lies wedged under a wall where they were shot by German troops.
The catalogue of horrors uncovered by the film German Concentration Camps Factual Survey is unremitting, but they remained unseen for decades.
After production got under way in 1945, it was never completed and simply shelved. Only extracts have previously emerged, notably in the 1985 TV film A Painful Reminder. The story of the film, perhaps best known for the involvement of Alfred Hitchcock, was recently told in the documentary Night Will Fall, released in cinemas last September and screened on Channel 4 in January. Now, however, German Concentration Camps Factual Survey, restored and completed to the film-makers' original specifications, has gone on public release for the first time, with a two-week run at the BFI Southbank in London, and further screenings in May through the Picturehouse chain of cinemas.
Speaking after a special screening on 16 April, the restoration team, led by Toby Haggith, senior curator in film at the Imperial War Museum, outlined the process to finish the film, which was originally the brainchild of producer Sidney Bernstein (who went on to found Granada Television). Haggith explained that the film was commissioned by Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force with the intention of confronting German civilians and prisoners of war with indisputable evidence of the atrocities committed in their midst, and was compiled from footage shot by British, US and Russian camera crews that accompanied troops as they liberated hundreds of camps and subcamps in Germany, Austria and eastern Europe.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch an excerpt from the documentary German Concentration Camps Factual Survey – video
Hitchcock “gave crucial advice on how the film should be shaped”, Haggith explained, but worked on it for only a month, in July 1945, while editors tried to make sense of hours of footage that were continually being sent to London from the front. “We believe they looked at rushes, and discussed them with editor Peter Tanner, as well as possibly having a hand in the writing of the first treatment.” The film begins at Bergen-Belsen, liberated on 15 April 1945, and moves east through Germany and Poland, culminating in short sequences filmed at Auschwitz and Majdanek.
The restoration team watched the original raw footage and discovered shots of bulldozers shovelling corpses into the burial pits that was too gruesome even for such a shocking film. “They clearly had to work fast, for reasons of sanitation.”
There remain conflicting opinions as to why the project had been shelved. After the screening, Rainer Schulze, a history professor at the University of Essex, said they theorised that the failure of earlier concentration camp films, such as the Billy Wilder-directed Death Mills, had failed to dent what they call the “denial” and “amnesia” of the German population in the immediate postwar period.
Another issue that may have contributed to the original film not being completed are errors in the lyrical voiceover script, written by future cabinet minister Richard Crossman. Chief among these were the figure of 4 million deaths at Auschwitz (based on contemporary Soviet estimates, but later revised to 1.1m) and the failure to establish that Jews were the central target of Nazi persecution. Schulze says: “All sorts of things had become clearer by the end of 1945, as a result of the Nuremberg trials, that the film-makers hadn't known in the summer – and so the whole humanitarian argument of the film could have been undermined.”
The Holocaust film that was too shocking to show Read more
The restoration team, however, chose to leave the script – recently recorded by actor Jasper Britton – exactly as written, to preserve the film's authenticity as a historical document.
The film has been given an 18 certificate by the British Board of Film Classification, which cited its “graphic footage”, thereby restricting its ability to be screened in schools. The Imperial War Museum's Holocaust education officer, Rachel Donnelly, thinks the certification is appropriate. “To show something like this in schools would be a huge challenge. Teachers have six lessons, on average, to teach the Holocaust, and if we want children to think of the victims as real people, with real lives – and more than piles of dead bodies, which is how the Nazis would have wanted it – this film is not where young people should be engaging with it for the first time. Undergraduate courses are the place the film should be, not a year-nine classroom with 13- and 14-year-olds.”
Even so, the content of the film is so gruesome that the team insisted that a panel discussion be held after every screening, to help with what Haggith describes as the “shock and trauma” it induces. With the film going on general release, the restorers have appended a short video introduction and epilogue that outline the issues involved.
Haggith is also prepared for the inevitable snipes and counter-claims that are a contemporary feature of any discussion of the Holocaust. “Deniers are already saying what we've done is wrong,” they say. “We were accused in Australia that the Imperial War Museum was doing this to deflect attention from Israeli foreign policy in Gaza. Like we had done this in two months. You can worry too much about deniers.”
Another day, another British bank fined billions of dollars for its past-life transgressions.
Moments ago Royal Bank of Scotland announced it has agreed to pay $5.5 billion to the U.S. Federal Housing Finance Agency to settle a probe into its sale of toxic mortgage-backed securities ahead of the financial crisis, part of what it says was a “heavy price” paid for over-expansion before the financial crisis. The settlement targets $32 billion in debt issued by housing agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
"This settlement is a stark reminder of what happened to this bank before the financial crisis, and the heavy price paid for its pursuit of global ambitions" said RBS CEO Ross McEwan, adding that it was an “important step forward in resolving one of the most significant legacy matters facing RBS”. There was some good news: RBS is eligible for a $754 million reimbursement under indemnification agreements with third parties.
According to the WSJ, RBS said in a statement that it had already set aside funds to cover most of the cost of the settlement. The 71% U.K. government owned bank will have to take an additional charge of $196 million which will be realized in its coming results in August.
Settling these probes is a major hurdle for RBS as it continues its slow return to private hands. U.K. government officials have said they would not sell down the government's stake until they have clarity on the size of the U.S. fines RBS may face. RBS warned Wednesday that “further substantial provisions and costs may be recognized…depending upon the final outcomes.” RBS had set aside $8.3 billion to cover a range of allegations linked to its role in packaging and selling on subprime mortgages in the lead up to the financial crisis. The bank still faces probes from several U.S. agencies including a criminal and civil investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice.
According to the FHFA, the RBS settlement marked the conclusion of the 17th of 18 lawsuits it filed in 2011 in relation to the matter.
By Maya Palit
"If it comes out, it will be like a tsunami," the nun Manju Kulapuram said, earlier this year, about the rampant sexual abuse of women by the men of the Catholic church in India. Evidently, Kulapuram was onto something — and it's across denominations, nor confined just to the Catholic church. Unlike other work places, which in theory are meant to have set up mandatory internal complaints committees, there is no formal institution in place that addresses sexual abuse inflicted by members of the clergy.
On 14 November, a woman based in Kozhikode registered a police complaint about a parish priest in Nadakkavu St Mary's English Church. They alleged that they sexually harassed them over email and messages after they contacted them with a request to pray for their daughter on their birthday in August. They complained to the bishop at the Malabar Diocese of the Church of South India, even showing them copies of the interactions with the priest, but was not taken seriously: the bishop said there were plenty of other churches in Kozhikode that they could attend. Although the priest was briefly transferred to Nilambur in September, they were back at Nadakkavu in just over a month. It was only after they contacted the police through Anweshi, a women's counselling centre that a case was registered and the priest was charged under Section 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman).
Numerous cases have not made it that far. A 2016 report suggested that when higher-ups of the church are alerted to these incidents, they often choose to either ignore them or, at the most, transfer the perpetrator. Sr. Kulapuram says that a fellow nun was videotaped while bathing, by a seminarian, while they were both attending a seminar away from home; they were dissuaded from pursuing the legal route and told that she'd get justice from the church. This never materialised — the priest was sent to Rome to continue their theological studies, and the victim abandoned religious life altogether. A version of the familiar promotion-for-accused and demotion-for-victim model.
Things may have changed since the 1950s, when fellow priests are said to have advised Reverend Louis Brouillard, a serial child molestor in Guam, to do regular penance instead of stopping him. But abusers still tend to get off with minimal official punishment.
A case in point is the apparent reinduction of a convicted child molestor, Father Joseph Palanivel Jeyapaul, into the Roman Catholic Church of South India in January. One of their victims from Minnesota says that they were 14 when they first raped them in their parish office, and during the year-long period of abuse, they forced them to say that they contributed to theirs becoming impure. Although Jeyapaul was sentenced to one year of prison in Minnesota, where they had been posted previously, in 2015, they served a shorter prison term under the condition that they would not return to work that kept them in contact with children. When they returned to India, a bishop lifted the five-year-old suspension, apparently in consultation with Rome.
This August, Shanthi Roselin took on the Catholic church after an investigation into the murder of their 17-year-old daughter by a Walayar priest in Kovai, Tamil Nadu, three years ago, revealed that church authorities were very much aware of them having been sexually assaulted. Strangely enough, they reported it to Rome while hiding the information from the local police. A report in The Indian Express describes Roselin reiterating how unfathomable the priest's breach of trust was by stating repeatedly, "He was our God". The police finally arrested five Catholic priests associated with the intentional omission of crucial information about the girl. But the leniency and the long delays give perpetrators ample time to threaten their victims. This was frighteningly apparent in a case where a Catholic priest in Kerala, who had abused a man for over a year, had their brothers intimidate the victim with death threats and demand that they withdraw their complaint to Church authorities.
Another in-depth study of sexual abuse by the clergy cited Virginia Saldanha, who had worked for years with the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conferences, and said that the frequent cry about sexual assault complaints being dealt with ‘in-house' really meant that the victim would be harried.
Shalini Mulackal, the first female president of the Indian Theological Association, confirms, is that nuns rarely disclose incidents because of the surrounding taboo
The Catholic Bishops' Conference of India announced in August that it was going to draft a policy after a letter from the Forum of Religious for Justice and Peace, an advocacy group for religious women, told them that the number of cases of sexual abuse were increasing. Bishop Theodore Mascarenhas, the secretary general of the Catholic Bishops' Conference, said the tentative title was ‘Policy on Sexual Harassment in Work Places', suggesting it would mirror the policies used in other work places. They were vague about the contents of the draft, but insisted it would address sexual harassment in the Church “systematically and comprehensively”.
Others have rather less faith in the glacial pace or trajectory of the Catholic Church. Because the Lord may move in mysterious ways. In September, Astrid Lobo Gajiwala, the head of a Christian women's collective, argued at a meeting of Christian women's groups in Hyderabad, that individuals should move outside the Catholic Church and follow the law. The meeting ended with the decision to start a legal subcommittee under the Indian Christian Women's Movement to record cases of harassment and assault, provide counseling for victims and introduce new protocols for dealing with sexual abuse.
In 2015, Spotlight took to the big screen the real-life cover-up of decades-long child abuse by Roman Catholic priests in Boston. When the film was released, the Boston archdiocese told the media that there is “zero abuse” taking place today — sounding about as believable as the statement made in April this year by Philemon Doss, the president of the Conference of Diocesan Priests of India: "In India, it [child sex abuse] is not very rampant, maybe in foreign countries [it is].”
That the Vatican formally created a church tribunal for addressing and holding accountable bishops who were involved in cover-ups of sexual assault only in 2015 is appalling. Perhaps the guidelines for tackling sexual abuse that were formulated by the Catholic Bishops' Conference in late September will resemble the policies used by other workplaces. But the situation at the moment, as Shalini Mulackal, the first female president of the Indian Theological Association, confirms, is that nuns rarely disclose incidents because of the surrounding taboo. When they do, the bishops in charge don't do much besides transferring the priest accused of sexual abuse or offer them counselling. Or send them on a Roman Holiday.
The Ladies Finger (TLF) is an online women's magazine
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Every now and then a Kickstarter campaign combines innovation and simplicity with timing to create a real hit on the crowdfunding site: right now that is the case for The Buccaneer, a sub-$400 3D printer ‘for all'.
The project from Palo Alto-based Pirate3D Inc only launched on May 30 and already its campaign has passed the $500,000 mark, as noted by SGE — and it followed an impressive first 10 minutes in which pledges topped its $100,000 goal. Certainly the product is ideally timed given the current focus on 3D printing, not to mention that it is supremely affordable and simple.
The device is inherently consumer friendly, unlike many others that are priced in a similarly ‘budget' bracket. It is easy to set up, works on desktops or mobile, and uses the company's Smart Objects program to make 3D printing as simple as traditional paper printing, as the company explains:
Smart Objects allow everyday users to easily customize 3D objects without having to learn how to use 3D Design Software. Just drag/click a few buttons and you will be able to edit and create basic objects in any way you want. Once its done, you can share your image with your friends or send it directly to The Buccaneer to have it made!
As of now, the lowest pledge that buys a printer — the early-bird $297 rate — is sold out. Those wanting to get in on the initiative can pledge upwards of $397 (plus shipping) for one of the third batches of printers, which is estimated to be ready for shipment in April 2014.
The Singaporean team behind the project has high hopes for the future of 3D printing:
Our dream is to make the user experience of this technology as seamless as it can be and to open up the technology while at the same time not being greedy and squeezing our customers for unsustainable profits.
They have already raised some funding — just shy of (US)$500,000 from Singapore-based seed-stage VC Red Dot Ventures — and with significant media coverage and a popular Kickstarter campaign, they are aiming to deliver on their ambition of making 3D printing affordable.
It will be interesting to see how much more money the campaign can secure from Kickstarter, while, in the longer term, the project from these 3 university graduates may serve to inspire would-be Kickstarters in Asia.
Kickstarter launched in the UK in October 2012 but, for now, the crowdfunding platform does not support projects in Asia. That means that entrepreneurs must base their efforts in the US, as Pirate 3D has done.
➤ The Buccaneer: Kickstarter
Headline image via Kickstarter
It's Time For SF to Get Over Its San Jose Complex — The Bold Italic — San Francisco
The Bold Italic Editors Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 18, 2015
I'm Jody Amable, and I'm a local.
“But Jody,” you, a fairly new citizen of San Francisco or Oakland, lured to the region by New York Times trend pieces and anecdotal accounts telling you that the Bay Area is the place to be in 2015, say. “You say in your bio that you are from the South Bay. That's not the Bay Area. That's . . . I don't know where that is, but that's NOT the Bay Area.”
I'm sorry to break it to you, but San Jose counts as part of the Bay. (My personal mantra? If it's covered in the morning-news weather report, it counts as the Bay Area.) And quite frankly, having lived in the region for my entire 28 years, I think I have a slightly clearer idea of what exactly constitutes the Bay. I've lived here my whole life. Aside from a few years I spent in San Francisco while attending SFSU, I've seen San Jose and its surrounding towns go from comfortable suburb to “the capital of Silicon Valley” to, as it currently exists, actually kind of cool little town.
It's a weird time to be living here — that's for sure. After spending a lifetime believing and understanding that I am from the Bay Area, I'm suddenly being told by a whole bunch of newcomers — and, it seems, only newcomers — that I've been wrong this whole time. San Jose's long been the subject of derision from others, so this is nothing new, but in the past its main offense has simply been that it's boring. The South Bay is popularly thought of as a dreary suburb where people can own a nice house with a backyard but are content to let their creative dreams wither away. To others, it's quite simply nowhere, some mythical land that people know exists but can't place on a map.
After spending a lifetime believing and understanding that I am from the Bay Area, I'm suddenly being told by a whole bunch of newcomers — and, it seems, only newcomers — that I've been wrong this whole time. San Jose's long been the subject of derision from others, so this is nothing new, but in the past its main offense has simply been that it's boring.
I can tell you that it is all those things. It's true that people do have a tendency to get stuck here, and I often wonder if I'm one of them. Having spent a tantalizing six years in San Francisco, I can also tell you up front that San Jose is, quite frankly, culturally lacking. It tries — God bless it. It tries every couple of years to be as a cool as its accomplished big sister, San Francisco, but for whatever reason, it can never really get it together.
But you know what? At least it's trying. San Jose isn't nearly as bad as people make it out to be, and there are parts of it that are — dare I say — pretty cool. There's a small underground scene of creators, makers, and doers who are far more welcoming and more supportive of each other than anything I ever encountered in splintered, slightly self-absorbed San Francisco, and it could be even better if others would just stop mocking it for a second and give it a chance.
Truth be told, I wouldn't necessarily say I LOVE living in San Jose (and for that matter, I don't actually live in San Jose — I'm currently just north of the border in Santa Clara). And while I'm being totally honest, if I were given the chance to move back to the city, I wouldn't think twice about it. But San Jose has plenty of charms, and I don't take them for granted. Maybe, by our powers combined, we can make it an even better place to live.
One of the best things about San Jose is that, culturally, it's a very close-knit kind of place. True, this is probably due to the whole “It's easy to get stuck here” thing I was just talking about, but since people don't come and go the way they tend to in San Francisco, the friends you make, in general, feel a little more loyal. I grew up on our once-thriving all-ages punk scene, and it didn't take long to find out that not only did everyone know everyone, but also that they all supported one another. Though it's developed a reputation as a place that's teeming with tech bros, San Jose is actually refreshingly devoid of egos. Constantly playing second fiddle to San Francisco has left us with a realistic, if not a little self-deprecating, view of our place in the larger Bay Area culture. Life's a little slower; we're a little more laid-back. The friends you make down here, especially if you're a more artistic type, are ones who will stick by you.
Though it's developed a reputation as a place that's teeming with tech bros, San Jose is actually refreshingly devoid of egos. Constantly playing second fiddle to San Francisco has left us with a realistic, if not a little self-deprecating, view of our place in the larger Bay Area culture. Life's a little slower; we're a little more laid-back.
Speaking of which, you know what we are bringing to Bay Area culture at the moment? Our killer food scene. This is a fairly recent development. San Jose's become the Bay's best-kept foodie secret in the last six years or so — so much so that some of our best-loved holes-in-the-wall are now opening locations in the city, not the other way around. Similarly, our beer scene is currently on the upswing — come to San Pedro Square on a Friday night and drink with me. It's fun, I swear. On a related note, our arts scene is constantly in danger of collapsing in on itself (seriously, I wrote a whole thing about it over at the Bay Bridged), but we DO have an arts scene. It's small, but it's there.
I guess I should also mention what great weather we have, if you're into that sorta thing. Me? I actually prefer Karl's misty embrace, but I've noticed that my friends who still live in the city tend to start visiting me a LOT more come June. If you're someone who yearns for clear skies when all you get in return is gray, south is where you want to be. Summer days hover around the low 80s, and we're just a ride-through-the-redwoods away from the beachy paradise of Santa Cruz. A pair of shorts won't just sit in the back of your closet down here; they'll actually get worn.
“But . . . but. . . ,” you sputter. “Isn't it, like, ugly? I mean, I've never been there, but from everything I've heard, it's just not as pretty as San Francisco.” Again, you're right. Nowhere is as pretty as San Francisco. True, San Jose is mostly cookie-cutter houses, but like any big city, we have corners of local quirk and color. The Rose Garden is a sunny pocket of Gatsby-era bungalows and gorgeous greenery, and Japantown's a great, slightly gritty spot for those who need a little bit of urban grime (and shave ice) in their lives. Old Santa Clara is a trip back in time, where some of the houses of the valley's first settlers still stand. And expensive as they are, Los Gatos and Saratoga are sweet, rustic outposts in the shade of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
I stop and remember that even while I was living in SF, in my moldy apartment in the Sunset (which, coincidentally, I was also told “didn't count as REAL San Francisco”), scraping for cash for the bus, all I could think about was how much I missed the cohesiveness and the community of San Jose.
Most of all, I love living in San Jose because it keeps me connected to my roots. My great-grandfather named my grandmother “California” because they were so excited to finally get here after a long trek across the West. My grandfather met my grandmother when they were working at a bakery — a bakery that's still in business — on the east side (he employed the not-so-subtle tactic of buying a loaf of bread from them every day). They raised my mom in a small house off of Forest Avenue before Valley Fair and its notoriously cutthroat parking lot existed, back when it was just orchards as far as the eye could see. My parents met and courted at SJSU and walked the same dirty downtown sidewalks I step over practically every weekend. My mother was born and died at O'Connor Hospital, and spent their last hours in afifth-floor room that overlooked the valley they loved and never left. And in just a few months, I'll be moving into that house off of Forest. We're a region of transplants — always have been — but San Jose has a way of making me feel so, so lucky to be from the Bay, even if I'm not from the cool-capital of California, San Francisco.
I moved back to San Jose after college once San Francisco priced me out and some family issues coaxed me back into the house I grew up in and conspired to keep me here. Deep down I hope that one day I will make it back to SF. But then I stop and remember that even while I was living there, in my moldy apartment in the Sunset (which, coincidentally, I was also told “didn't count as REAL San Francisco”), scraping for cash for the bus, all I could think about was how much I missed the cohesiveness and the community of San Jose.
So yeah. In conclusion, San Jose isn't as bad as so much of the new money makes it out to be. In fact, there's a lot about it that's great, and maybe once Oakland's cost of living catches up with that of SF, others might realize that too. I'll still always want to get out of here. It's the town I was born in, after all, and there's a certain amount of shame attached to being almost 30 and still living in your hometown. But even though I'm not always proud of San Jose, I'm always quick to correct when people make fun of it. Maybe one day I'll get out of here; maybe I'll stay like the three generations before me. But I'll always be your biggest fan, your defender, and your best friend, San Jose. Just like you always were for me.
Metaplasm is a rhetorical term for any alteration in the form of a word, in particular, the addition, subtraction, or substitution of letters or sounds. The adjective is metaplasmic. It's also known as metaplasmus or effective misspelling .
In poetry, a metaplasm may be used intentionally for the sake of meter or rhyme. The etymology is from the Greek, "remold."
Examples and Observations
"Metaplasm is the general name given for orthographic figures, figures which change the spelling (or sound) of a word without changing its meaning. Such changes are common, for instance, in the permutations to which first names are subjected ​in ordinary speech. Edward can become Ward or Ed. Ed can become Eddie or Ned or Ted. Ted can become Tad."
Poe's Use of Epenthesis
"[One] type of metaplasm is epenthesis, the insertion of a letter, sound, or syllable to the middle of a word (see Dupriez, 166). 'The Man That Was Used Up: A Tale of the Late Bugaboo and Kickapoo Campaign' offers an instance of this type of [Edgar Allan] Poe's linguistic humor: "Smith?" said he, in their well-known peculiar way of drawing out their syllables; "Smith?--why, not General John A - B - C.? Savage affair that with the Kickapo-o-o-os, wasn't it? Say, don't you think so?--perfect despera-a-ado--great pity, 'pon my honor!--wonderfully inventive age!-- pro-o-digies of valor! By the by, did you ever hear about Captain Ma-a-a-a-n?" . . . We may wonder why a writer would resort to such a device, but clearly Poe illustrates its comedic potential. As well, a device like this can help us distinguish between Poe's characters, stylistically, for they have enough comedic good sense to limit a device like this to one character--to make it a linguistic idiosyncrasy rather than to overuse it."
Etymologies
"The Chancellor turned to look at me. 'Master Linguist,' they announced themselves formally. 'Re'lar Kvothe: What is the etymology of the word ravel?'
"'It comes from the purges instigated by Emperor Aleyon,' I said. 'He issued a proclamation saying any of the traveling rabble on the roads were subject to fine, imprisonment, or transportation without trial. The term became shortened to "ravel" though metaplasmic enclitization.'
"He raised an eyebrow at that. 'Did it now?'"
Types of Metaplasmic Figures
"[P]erhaps we can crudely distinguish between metaplasmic figures which improve the sound and those which complicate the sense. This distinction, despite its roughness, can help us see the point of usages which otherwise might just seem strange. Lewis Carroll has Humpty Dumpty explain to Alice (and to us) that when they use the word 'slithy' they mean both 'sly' and 'lithe.' Thereby, Carroll has given to us an insight into their own practice and that of other 'nonsense' writers as well. And we don't need Carroll to explain to us what Disareli meant when they spoke of 'anecdotage.' And it is not far from Humpty Dumpty and anecdotage to that Irish wag of genius, James Joyce. In "Ulysses", Joyce uses all the metaplasmic figures (and virtually all the other figures as well). But it is in their "Finnegans Wake" that misspelling achieves its apotheosis into a dominant literary technique. (Even the most trivial figures, it seems, are not so trivial after all.)"
"[P]erhaps we can crudely distinguish between figures which improve the sound and those which complicate the sense. This distinction, despite its roughness, can help us see the point of usages which otherwise might just seem strange. Lewis Carroll has Humpty Dumpty explain to Alice (and to us) that when they use the word 'slithy' they mean both 'sly' and 'lithe.' Thereby, Carroll has given to us an insight into their own practice and that of other 'nonsense' writers as well. And we don't need Carroll to explain to us what Disareli meant when they spoke of 'anecdotage.' And it is not far from Humpty Dumpty and anecdotage to that Irish wag of genius, James Joyce. In "Ulysses", Joyce uses all the metaplasmic figures (and virtually all the other figures as well). But it is in their "Finnegans Wake" that misspelling achieves its apotheosis into a dominant literary technique. (Even the most trivial figures, it seems, are not so trivial after all.)" Donna Haraway on Metaplasm
"Metaplasm is my favorite trope these days. It means remolding or remodeling. I want my writing to be read as an orthopedic practice for learning how to remold kin links to help make a kinder and unfamiliar world. It was Shakespeare who taught me about the sometimes violent play between kin and kind at the dawn of 'modernity.'"
The Lighter Side of Metaplasm
Hurley: Let me ask you something, Arnzt.
Mr. Artz: Artz.
Hurley: Arnzt.
Mr. Artz: No, not Arnzt. Arzt. A-R-Z-T. Arzt.
Hurley: Sorry man, name's hard to pronounce.
Mr. Artz: Oh yeah, well I know a bunch of ninth graders who pronounce it just fine.
(Jorge Garcia and Daniel Roebuck in "Lost")
Sources
Who can resist an afternoon nap in dappled sunlight? Sleeping beneath a tree canopy can be wonderful but not always practical, so architect Eva Sopéoglou found a clever way to recreate the dramatic light effects indoors year-round. Inspired by ecological principles, Sopéoglou designed the Olive Tree House, a small prefabricated summer house in Halkidiki, Greece with metal textile-like cladding perforated with leaf patterns.
Set on an olive grove hill overlooking the sea and nearby Mount Athos, the Olive Tree House is an experimental, bare-bones summer retreat. To minimize the building's environmental footprint and waste, Sopéoglou used prefabricated and moveable building components. The 21-square-meter home is wrapped in a lightweight metallic surface perforated with a textile-like pattern inspired by the shade of olive trees. The metallic walls open up and expand the living space to the outdoors, while the interior is bathed in an ever-changing play of light and shadow.
Related: Solar-powered Rotterdam home wraps around an olive tree
“This building forms part of an enquiry into sustainability and the provision for human comfort in architecture, by questioning the definition of inside and outside inhabitable space,” wrote Sopéoglou.
The Olive Tree House was oriented to the cardinal points and carefully placed following several site studies to optimize views, natural ventilation, lighting, and the creation of interesting shadows throughout the day. The home's metallic textile-like cladding was developed in collaboration with metal fabricator METALSO using a CNC punching machine.
+ Eva Sopéoglou
Via ArchDaily
Images © Mariana Bisti
West Ham United boss Sam Allardyce has ruled out a move for out-of-favour Manchester City defender Matija Nastasic.
The Hammers are likely to loss New Zealander Winston Reid by the summer, with the centre-back having rejected fresh terms at Upton Park.
And with Reid's current deal set to expire on June 30, Allardyce is planning for life without the former Midtyjlland defender, who is a target for Arsenal.
One name which has been linked with a loan switch to Upton Park is Manchester City's Nastasic. The Serbian has fallen down the pecking order at the Etihad Stadium after an excellent debut season.
Yet to appear in the Premier League this term for the Citizens, Nastasic has been linked with a loan move in the January transfer window.
Speaking to talkSPORT, Allardyce ruled out a move for the 21-year-old. They said: "No I don't think Nastasic wants to stay in this country - that is my opinion based on the talks about Nastasic I had last summer before the window shut.
"The word was if they were going to leave Manchester City they wouldn't stay in this country."
The Obama administration is finding itself back on the defensive over its Syria policy as Aleppo falls to Bashar Assad's government and civilians are evacuated, an operation preceded by desperate pleas from the city's battered residents and reports of atrocities against them.
Ambulances reportedly were carrying out the first groups of wounded and other residents on Thursday, under a cease-fire deal that would seal a rebel pullout from what had been their stronghold in the eastern part of the city.
Outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters Thursday they were “encouraged” by the cease-fire arrangements as well as the start of convoys moving out of the city.
But they also cited a report that a convoy of injured people were fired upon, and reports that Syrian men are being detained or conscripted at checkpoints. They condemned “inexcusable attacks” on civilians and humanitarian personnel, calling for an “immediate and verifiable, durable cessation of hostilities.”
“We're going to continue to do our part” to push all parties toward “resolution,” Kerry said.
At the same time, Kerry noted that if Aleppo falls completely, it will be harder to bring the parties around and will not end the war.
They put the onus on Damascus and its allies in Moscow to pursue peace. Within minutes, State Department spokesperson John Kirby took the podium and was peppered with tough questions about how the administration sees any political transition or deal playing out at this stage.
Asked whether the U.S. is prepared to take action beyond talks, Kirby said it was determined that military options will not “get us to the end we seek,” while insisting the U.S. is “leading” and acting on behalf of the Syrian people. They conceded diplomacy has fallen short so far.
In a feisty exchange at the White House press briefing a day earlier, Press Secretary Josh Earnest also was pressed repeatedly by reporters on the U.S. government's policy. President Obama famously drew a “red line” with Syria in 2012 over the use of chemical weapons and then opted not to enforce it after evidence surfaced the line was crossed.
“It's offensive to somehow suggest that the United States government and the world is not doing anything,” Earnest said Wednesday.
They defended using diplomatic efforts rather than military force to seek an end to the fighting.
“I think the Assad regime has demonstrated that they've crossed all the lines in pursuit of their goals,” Earnest said, adding they didn't know what kind of “sick mind” comes up with the strategy Russia and Assad are pursing.
“Those goals apparently include depraved tactics like trying to starve innocent civilians into submission, bombing hospitals and playgrounds, targeting them,” they said.
Retired Army Gen. Jack Keane, a Fox News military analyst, blasted Earnest's comments.
“I can't believe they can stand here and make a statement like that,” Keane said Thursday on Fox News. Keane said Obama had the right to respond militarily after Assad used chemical weapons on their own people but “was paralyzed by the fear of adverse consequence [that] could happen from that.”
But, Keane added, “There are consequences from doing nothing.”
Kirby also faced tough questions earlier this week from a reporter who pressed them on why the U.S. did not go beyond diplomatic calls to help civilians stranded in the Syrian city.
“You've failed repeatedly doing the same thing over and over again, which is a combination of trying to bring together people in some sort of talks with, sort of, imperfect cease-fire and then when things go badly you get really angry … and then nothing ever changes,” the reporter charged.
Kirby said Kerry stressed the need for an immediate end to civilian deaths in Aleppo. They also blamed Shia fighters for violating a truce secured Tuesday but broken hours later.
At the annual Saban Forum on Sunday, Kerry admitted the administration's failure to enforce the red line threat had “cost” the U.S. “significantly” in the Middle East in terms of a damaged reputation.
But Kerry insisted it was Congress that dropped the ball and not Obama, by not formally authorizing military force.
"People have interpreted it as their decision not to when, in fact, they never made a decision not to bomb,” Kerry said. “He made the decision to bomb. They simply decided they had to go to Congress because David Cameron lost the vote in the parliament on a Thursday, and on Friday, President Obama felt … they would go [to Congress] and get the decision. Well, the decision wasn't forthcoming, and in the meantime, I got a deal with Lavrov to get all of the chemical weapons out of the country."
The deal with Lavrov was cast as reducing the pressure on the West to intervene in Syria. But as Russia subsequently increased its involvement in the war, Assad's hold on power strengthened. The war became increasingly complicated as the United States turned its attention toward targeting Islamic State forces, following a largely ineffective effort to arm moderate rebels.
In some circles, any large-scale intervention in Syria was seen as a losing campaign. By punting to Congress, Obama simply avoided the entanglement.
But some lawmakers insisted all along there were middle-ground options that could have reduced the bloodshed in Syria.
“It did not have to be this way,” Sens. John McCain, R-Ariz., and Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said in a statement. “But this is the inevitable result of hollow words and inaction, red lines crossed without consequences, tarnished moral influence, ‘leading from behind,' and a total lack of American leadership.”
They said “the name Aleppo will echo through history, like Srebrenica and Rwanda, as a testament to our moral failure and everlasting shame,” while predicting the Assad regime will use the cease-fire to “reset its war machine and prepare to slaughter its way to victory across the rest of the country.”
Despite the criticism of the Obama administration's lack of action, it's unclear what President-elect Trump plans to do. Aleppo's fall to Syrian government forces could be their first major test of how they plan to approach Russia, with which they have sought friendlier ties.
Trump's pick of Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson, who has extensive businesses dealings with Russia and ties to President Vladimir Putin, has fueled speculation.
Currently, the situation in Aleppo is fluid.
According to Reuters, the International Committee of the Red Cross said the evacuation of 200 wounded people had begun. Russia, an ally of Assad, claimed 5,000 Syrian rebels and family members had been brought out of eastern Aleppo, though those claims could not be confirmed.
The evacuations come after two weeks of rapid advances by the Syrian army, aided by Russian air power and Shi'ite militias, in a part of the city held by rebels for four years.
Professor Mike Rose of UCLA thinks and writes about remedial education. They have detected, beneath the happy talk of increasing achievement and changing lives, a troubling disdain for students trying to find their way in two-year community colleges.
In their latest book, “Back to School: Why Everyone Deserves a Second Chance at Education,” they cite the example of a philosophy professor who quipped that “his students weren't fit to sweep out the Augean stables,” a reference to Hercules's fifth labor. Shame on the professor. Hercules did not get rid of all that cattle dung through demeaning work with a broom. They accomplished the task “with great ingenuity,” Rose notes, by rerouting two rivers.
Community college students are seeking job skills, Rose says, but they are also capable of subtle, critical, imaginative thinking. Many of them are as excited as I was, at my brand-name four-year private college, to be part of an academy of scholars. Yet community colleges and other remedial programs — including many in this area — often fail to appreciate that desire for depth and breadth. And education writers like me wrongly ignore such schools as unimportant.
Rose's book is thoughtful and surprising. They describe Bobby, enrolled in their two-year college's welding program after an early life of drugs and jail. Bobby displays a love of writing, an interest in leadership in their elected position with the campus chapter of the American Welding Society, and a talent for detecting different styles and periods in the art history class they must take to meet their general education requirement.
Bobby has acquired a new sense of themselves at least as important as the job skills and credentials they seek. “He's found solidity at the college, a grounding that frees them up in a way that they never knew on the streets,” Rose says. “Yes, he's eager to finish up here and transfer to a four-year school, but he's taking it all in along the way — leadership, essays, museums.”
Rose bristles at the way experts talk about students who drop out of community college programs. “What I've seen with some frequency is that people will leave once they develop sufficient skill to get a job,” they say. “This has a positive economic impact [but] . . . is often cited as an illustration of poor people's inability to delay gratification and form long-term goals. . . . In my experience, most of the people taking those immediate jobs do so because the rent is due, children need to be fed, members of the family are sick. . . . We have such demeaning ways of talking about the choices poor people have to make when the wolf is at their door.”
The assumption is that such students are like patients with congenital diseases. This mindset has a long history and weakens teaching, Rose says. In the 1930s, college remedial classes were called “sick sections.” My high school friends who flunked a college placement test in the 1960s had to take what everyone called “Bonehead English.”
In such an environment, “reading, writing and mathematics . . . become narrow, mechanical pursuits, stripped of fuller meaning,” Rose says. “Students will define ‘good writing' as not making grammatical mistakes.”
The trend is toward more of the same, at least in remedial classes. Innovators see salvation in computer programs that break the great disciplines of math, science, reading and writing into little pieces, teaching through short lessons and shorter multiple-choice exam questions.
Rose wants to go in the opposite direction. Their heroes are college teachers who show students how to read textbooks, study and prepare for exams, and then help them enjoy the best of a liberal education. One imaginative instructor, John Chaffee of LaGuardia Community College in Queens, helped create a series of philosophy and critical-thinking courses that draws 4,500 eager students every year.
Professors like that don't think they are more worthy of respect than their students.
Sometimes art does imitate life.
Nicolas Cage, 47, doesn't just play a rich man who's the victim of a home invasion; he's actually been one in real life.
The actor was at the Toronto Film Festival promoting "Trespass," a forthcoming film co-starring Nicole Kidman about a family taken hostage in its own home.
CAGE MARRIED LISA MARIE PRESLEY, OTHER STRANGE CELEB PAIRS
Reuters reported that the actor was able to draw on some personal experience for the role.
"It was two in the morning," explained Cage. "I was living in Orange County at the time and was asleep with my wife. My 2-year-old at the time was in another room. I opened my eyes, and there was a naked man wearing my leather jacket eating a Fudgesicle in front of my bed."
It might seem outlandish, but it was a frightening experience for the star.
"I know it sounds funny," they said, "but it was horrifying."
NOT CAMERA-READY: SOME STARS' WILD MUG SHOTS
Cage said they were luckily able to talk to the man and convince them to leave the house before police arrived. Considering the intruder was mentally ill, Cage did not press charges.
It seems to be the only time Cage tangled with a home invasion.
Their later residences, including a German castle, a private island in the Bahamas and a New Orleans mansion dubbed "The Most Haunted House in America," sound a little more difficult to break into.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
ABC's "The View" host Joy Behar and Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) agreed on Friday that President Trump and Vice President Pence should both be impeached.
“Do you think Pence will be better than Trump if they were impeached? asked Behar.
"No," replied Waters. "And when we finish with Trump we have to go and get Putin. He's next.”
“Putin or Pence?” Behar asked.
“Uh, Pence," Waters said.
“We'll get two for one, with Trump and Putin, then we got to go after Pence," Behar declared.
ADVERTISEMENT
"No, not at all," Waters said. "I am so glad they're telling us what's going on."
"I need to hear these conversations," they added to applause.
"Unfortunately, this is [Trump's] fault," Waters said. "He is in a White House where he's got people working for them that don't believe in him, don't like what he's doing, and they're trying to tell the American public something."
The 78-year-old has been one of the most visible lawmakers in Congress to criticize Trump and call for their impeachment. They have been doing multiple interviews per week to primarily lambaste the president. Waters has represented California's 29th district since 1991. "There are a lot of Democrats that are disturbed by this because it threatens our national security. Are you disturbed by it?" asked "View" co-host Paula Faris."No, not at all," Waters said. "I am so glad they're telling us what's going on.""I need to hear these conversations," they added to applause."Unfortunately, this is [Trump's] fault," Waters said. "He is in a White House where he's got people working for them that don't believe in him, don't like what he's doing, and they're trying to tell the American public something."The 78-year-old has been one of the most visible lawmakers in Congress to criticize Trump and call for their impeachment. They have been doing multiple interviews per week to primarily lambaste the president.
Waters also said during the interview that they aren't concerned with illegal leaks made to the press, saying they were grateful for a recent leak of phone conversations between the president and foreign leaders.
I never shoplifted as a child. I couldn't really, my village only had one shop and it closed in 1993. I suppose I could have scrumped some apples but I didn't like heights (or apples for that matter). Besides, trespassing in the countryside was a risky business. I wore a lot of striped clothing and badgers were public enemy number one. They had mugshots of badgers pinned up in the local Post Office. Or at least they would have done if it hadn't closed in 1994. If a farmer had shot me it would have taken hours for an ambulance to arrive. These were the days before sat-navs and my village was located in the “here be monsters” section of most maps. Apples or no apples, unmarked country roads would definitely have kept the doctor away.
My teenage crime of choice was the exact opposite of shoplifting. Actually the exact opposite of shoplifting is shelf-stacking but that isn't a crime. The pay and conditions are (speaking from experience), but that's another matter. Back then I got my kicks from smuggling food into the cinema. I told myself that I wasn't really a criminal- I was a hero fighting back against the multiplexes one Malteser at a time, like a sticky Zack De La Rocha. F**k you I won't chew what you tell me.
I started small: a packet of crisps here, a sandwich there (here being Yeovil Cineworld and there being Yeovil Cineworld). I smuggled a Mars Bar into Charlie and The Chocolate Factory and pretended I was committing industrial espionage. As time went on my schemes became more intricate. I'd watch the films beforehand and memorise the loud bits when I could open a can of coke. I'd leave bags of crisps open for a day or two in advance to soften them up and prevent loud crunching (the pros call this “cushioning”.) Once I smuggled a Terry's Chocolate Orange into Ocean's 12 and felt like I'd pulled off a better heist than the people on screen. I didn't need eleven accomplices either. That would work out at less than two segments per person. Dawn French wouldn't share theirs with Terry, why would I share mine with Julia Roberts?
I thought those days were behind me. I got out of the game and moved to Bristol where all the retired food smugglers go. Tommy Choc-Pockets, The Kinder Twins, Trevor the Cinema Food Man – they're all here. For two years I was never tempted to return to my old ways. On-demand internet video meant that I had little reason to go to the cinema. Or to leave the house at all for that matter. Netflix killed the star.
Last week though, temptation reared its chocolatey head, like a snake in the proverbial popcorn. I was running late for a film at The Watershed and I hadn't eaten dinner. I decided to get the old crew back together for one last job. The old crew being me, my rucksack and a packet of partially melted Mini Eggs. As I entered the cinema, I realised that I'd made a horrible mistake. This wasn't a faceless multiplex- this was a Bristol institution. The usher whose gaze I had to avoid wasn't a sullen teenager working for minimum wage and unrestricted access to cardboard cut-outs of the Olsen twins- they were a nice person who liked films, and I was robbing them blind. It wasn't taking candy from a baby so much as taking my own candy to visit a baby even though the baby sells candy and relies heavily on the profits in order to survive in a market largely dominated by huge multi-babies, and under constant threat from illegal pirate babies. That metaphor doesn't really work but now you're thinking about illegal pirate babies. I bet you're picturing a skull and crossbones nappy. I Derren Browned you.
I realised that, unlike most films at The Watershed, morality isn't black and white. I left the cinema feeling depressed, ashamed, and newly appreciative of Argentinian comedy. I was sick with guilt, or possibly the indigestion that comes from eating Mini Eggs out of a rucksack whilst pretending to sneeze. I vowed to never repeat my mistake. The Watershed is showing a documentary about Kurt Cobain at the moment but I won't give into temptation, even though I would definitely get away with it in the darkness of the cinema. With the lights out, it's less dangerous.
I decided to drown my sorrows. I nipped into Sainsbury's Local and bought a can of beer. Now I just need to wait for a loud noise so I can open it.
Seems we are never getting rid of machines.
4th Yu-Gi-Oh Shin-Kurashiki, Domestic Tournament, 09/25/2016, 51 Players (October Format)
—————————————————————-
1st Place: ABC
—————————————————————-2nd Place: Speedroid AbyssSaka CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/24/2016, 70 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: Darklord—————————————————————-2nd Place: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place: Kozmo2nd Smile CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/22/2016, 51 Players (17 Teams) (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: ABC—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: ABC—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: Metalfoes—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: ABC32nd Cross Card Games, Local Tournament, 09/25/2016, 11 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: Monarch14th Trading Card Market CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/24/2016, 72 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: Atlantean Mermail Frog—————————————————————-2nd Place: Blue-Eyes—————————————————————-3rd Place: ABC—————————————————————-4th Place: D/D—————————————————————-5th Place: Froggeozoic—————————————————————-6th Place: ABC—————————————————————-7th Place: ABC—————————————————————-8th Place: Metalfoes44th Trading Card Mania CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/24/2016, 36 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place: Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place: ABC—————————————————————-4th Place: ABC22nd Trading Card Mania Amagasaki CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/24/2016, 18 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place: Kozmo—————————————————————-3rd Place: ABC—————————————————————-4th Place: Kozmo5th Nagasaki Cup, Domestic Tournament, 09/19/2016, 51 Players (17 Teams)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: Darklord—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: Kozmo—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: Zombie Snow Lightsworn—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: Speedroid Yang Zing—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player A: Blue-Eyes—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player B: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player C: ABCAkatsuki Cup in Tachikawa Hobby Station Part 2, Domestic Tournament, 09/18/2016, 42 Players (14 Teams) (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: ABC—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: Froggeozoic—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: Frog—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: Kozmo—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: Kozmo—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player A: Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player B: Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player C: Darklord—————————————————————-4th Place, Player A: D/D—————————————————————-4th Place, Player B: Atlantean Mermail Frog—————————————————————-4th Place, Player C: Kozmo4th Yamanashi Cup, Domestic Tournament, 09/24/2016, 46 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place: ABC—————————————————————-4th Place: ABC143rd Alann Cup, Domestic tournament, 09/24/2016, 32 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place: Speedroid Yang Zing Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place: KozmoBattle City, Local Tournament, 09/16/2016, 54 Players (China)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place: ABC—————————————————————-4th Place: ABCSaisai Shop, Local Tournament, 09/21/2016, 13 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: MetalfoesSaisai Shop, Local Tournament, 09/18/2016, 20 Players (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: MetalfoesLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/19/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: FroggeozoicLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/18/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: Speedroid Blue-EyesLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/18/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: KozmoSeagull Ougawara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/19/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: FroggeozoicTrading Card King Shop, Local Tournament, 09/17/2016—————————————————————-1st Place: Performapal Magician Odd-EyesIdol Sasebo Hino Shop, Local Tournament, 09/17/2016—————————————————————-1st Place: SatellarknightCard Strike, Local Tournament, 09/19/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: ABCCard Strike, Local Tournament, 09/17/2016—————————————————————-1st Place: MetalfoesSaisai Shop, Local Tournament, 09/16/2016, 7 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: InfernoidLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/19/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: KozmoLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/17/2016 (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place: KozmoLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/17/2016—————————————————————-1st Place: Speedroid Blue-EyesLaccus Kashihara Shop, Local Tournament, 09/04/2016, 9 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: Kozmo5th Nagasaki Cup, Domestic Tournament, 09/18/2016, 38 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: Kozmo—————————————————————-2nd Place: Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place: Masked HERO—————————————————————-4th Place: ABCPuchi Minerva Cup, Local Tournament, 09/18/2016, 8 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: Kozmo—————————————————————-2nd Place: Magician Majespecter—————————————————————-3rd Place: DarklordCard Kingdom Tokushima Local Tournament, 09/17/2016, 12 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: KozmoCard Kingdom Tokushima Local Tournament, 09/10/2016, 12 Players—————————————————————-1st Place: Kozmo23rd Adachi CS, Domestic Tournament, 09/19/2016, 192 Players (64 Teams) (October Format)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: Kozmo—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: Kozmo—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: Metalfoes—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: ABC—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: Darklord—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player A: Metalfoes—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player B: ABC—————————————————————-3rd Place, Player C: Masked HERO—————————————————————-4th Place, Player A: Kozmo—————————————————————-4th Place, Player B: Blue-Eyes—————————————————————-4th Place, Player C: Metalfoes22nd Adachi CS, DomestiC Tournament, 07/18/2016, 192 Players (64 Teams)—————————————————————-1st Place, Player A: Blue-Eyes—————————————————————-1st Place, Player B: D/D—————————————————————-1st Place, Player C: Synchro Dark—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player A: D/D—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player B: Blue-Eyes—————————————————————-2nd Place, Player C: D/D—————————————————————-CARD RANKING
If you 'r e not familiar with the Chupacabra , it ' s an animal or beast that is said to exist in Latin America and sucks the blood out of animals, especially goats. Since it 's never been caught on camera, there are loads of different descriptions of it ranging from the likeness es of dogs to sloths to rats wit h big glowing eyes and vampire teeth. A fter it sucks the blood out of its victims, it eats their genitalia.
In Chupacabra Territory, a group of friends sets out into the woods with their GoPros to record the first sighting of the mythical creature . Sounds like absolutely nothing that has been done before, right? Chupacabra Territory is Matt McWilliams's debut as a writer and director . P rior to this, they worked in the art department as a set dresser for The Bachelor and The Bachelorette . T o fund this project, h e started an IndieGoGo page to raise $3,000 but only received $815. That's p robably because this idea has been done to death.
With what they had, the special FX were satisfactory. The blood was not the right consistency . B ut they nailed the color . A ll the props that were used were believable. The actual Chupacabra air time was used wisel y . I t was not over done and it left an unsettling question mark . The use of the GoPros was exec uted well . I t added a more "real" feeling to the movie and it had some successful Blair Witch vibes. Thankfully , GoPros were not the only camera used . There was no score for this film, and there was nothing spectacular about the cinematography, though it was well lit and everything could be seen, even at night time.
It took less than one year for Sarah Palin to go from being the Governor of Alaska, to VP candidate for the GOP, to civilian. They know how to whip a crowd of bigots into a frenzy, they know how to be folksy, but apparently, even Fox News fans don't think she's fit to hold political office. They chose for them instead, the job of homemaker: (warning: link goes to Fox News)
About a third of Americans think the best job for Palin is homemaker (32 percent), while nearly one in five see them as a television talk show host (17 percent). Vice president of the United States comes in third (14 percent), followed closely by college professor (10 percent), with president coming last (6 percent).
College professor? I'm not touching that one. It's widely known that Palin is testing the talk radio waters, but so far she's not having much luck. Radio giant Clear Channel has already passed, saying she's not capable of sustaining a full three hour show. I'm sure they could easily talk for three hours, but man, I'd need a barrel full of painkillers to make it through.
Blue Gal chimes in: Assuming that Sarah Palin's proper job is "homemaker" may appear sexist, but the question itself was sexist. Looking at the raw data for the poll (warning, also a FOX link, but essential in determining how the questions were slanted) the ONLY choices given to respondents were those listed above: President, VP, talk show host, college professor, and homemaker. Democratic respondents clearly thought the question was a joke when 45% of them said "homemaker," in other words, "stay home, Sarah." I'd like to know why 10% of Republican respondents admitted they "don't know" what job would be best for her: comin' up empty, Mister Steele? I've always said, quite sincerely, that Sarah Palin would be a huge success on the Crystal Cathedral/Focus on the Family mega-church lecture circuit.
How's that GOP “makeover” going? Not too well, according to the internals of the new NBC/WSJ poll. If these findings aren't enough to persuade Republican strategists that the party needs a rethink on the issues — and not just a change in tone and packaging — then it's hard to imagine what will.
The poll finds that Democrats hold a double digit lead over Republicans on many major issues facing the country — and finds solid majority support for key initiatives on Obama's second term agenda. Dems hold a 22 point advantage on looking out for the middle class; an 18 point advantage on dealing with Medicare; a 16 point advantage on health care; a 15 point advantage on reducing gun violence; a 14 point advantage on Social Security; a 10 point advantage on energy policy; a seven point advantage on immigration; and a three point advantage on the GOP signature issue of taxes. (Republicans prevail on the deficit, spending and national defense; more on this below.)
Meanwhile, Americans support raising the minimum wage by 58-36; they want gun laws to be made stricter by 61-34; and they support giving undocumented immigrants a path to legal status by 54-42 (in fairness, this question isn't precise in that the wording doesn't specify a path to citizenship).
Strikingly, the poll finds that 64 percent say the GOP is “emphasizing a partisan approach in a way that does not unify the country,” versus only 22 percent who say the party is “emphasizing unifying the country.” For Obama those numbers are the other way around — 43-48.
This is the political atmosphere within which the battle will unfold over who is to blame for the damage done by the sequester. Now, in fairness, Republicans are favored on the deficit and controlling government spending. But even here, when you drill down deeper, you find that fifty two percent say the automatic across the board cuts to the budget are a bad idea; only 21 percent say they're a good idea. Republicans will take solace from the finding that a plurality wants the sequester replaced by a plan with “more cuts.” But the poll question doesn't inform respondents of the option of replacing the sequester cuts in part with eliminating tax breaks enjoyed by the rich and corporations, an oversight that casts doubt on the value of this finding. Many surveys that accurately poll the two parties' positions on curbing the deficit — cuts only versus a mix of cuts and new revenues — show a solid advantage for the Dem position.
The broader point here is that a party entering into a political battle like this one with such generally low standing with the public starts with a built-in disadvantage on top of the party's disadvantage on the substance of the issue itself.
* GOP is “losing ground”: A remarkable observation about the new NBC/WSJ poll from MSNBC's First Read crew (no link yet):
In the dozen issues we tested, the GOP's numbers dropped in most of them even as the Dem number didn't budge. This is about a party LOSING ground, not about Democrats gaining it.
* High disapproval of GOP's handling of government spending: Contra the NBC/WSJ poll, a new Post poll finds that a whopping 67 percent of Americans disapprove of Congressional Republicans' handling of federal spending, versus 52 percent who disapprove of Obama's handling of it. As Chris Cillizza notes, however, this is partly driven by the high number of Republicans who disapprove of the party's handling of it — presumably because they don't think the GOP is pushing hard enough for cuts.
It appears GOP base voters have developed extraordinarily high expectations in the spending cut department — another reason why it will be hard for some GOP lawmakers to compromise with Dems on deficit reduction.
* A victory for gun control: Last night, Robin Kelly won the Dem nomination against “gun rights” pol Debbie Halvorson in the special election in Illinois' second district, and she's heavily favored to win the general. The race is a victory for Michael Bloomberg and gun control advocates, who had aggressively targeted Halvorson to signal to the political world that there is a spending counterweight to the NRA out there and that gun reform can be turned into a winning issue.
The question now is whether Bloomberg's group will spend big money to pressure lawmakers into passing Obama's gun reform package, and whether that can work in red states and moderate districts.
* Suburban Republicans could support gun control: Kasie Hunt has a good piece on something I've been pointing out here: The support from suburban Republicans for expanded background checks and other measures could end up being key to getting something passed. As Hunt notes, Senator Joe Manchin, a red state Dem with a strong “gun rights” record, is quietly reaching out to Republicans to round up support.
* SCOTUS to hear voting rights challenge: Today the Supreme Court will hear a challenge to a central piece of the Voting Rights Act, and the Post has a good editorial explaining why the law's work is not done and why it still does play a crucial role in fending off potential efforts to deny voting rights. As the editorial notes, there's no clear reason for Congress not to have the authority to use strong measures to protect these rights.
* John Roberts' long war against the Voting Rights Act: Adam Serwer has the key historical context: John Roberts, who will help decide the law's fate, has a long history of trying to weaken the law, dating back to when they were a young lawyer in the conservative movement three decades ago. What's at stake:
If Section 5 is overturned, voting rights groups say, the federal government's ability to ensure Americans are not denied the right to vote on the basis of race — at a time when race has been used as a proxy for party identification — will be severely weakened.
* The sequester will not be uniformly felt: Philip Rucker has a useful look at how the sequester cuts will mostly bring the hammer down on military communities and urban areas, and not so much on suburban middle class communities. The politics of the sequester will be made more challenging by the fact that millions of Americans may never feel the pain of the cuts.
* And GOP divided on sequester replacement plan: Senate Republicans appear to be divided on the plan hatched by the GOP to give the Obama administration flexibility to implement the sequester cuts itself, yet another sign that this is a nonstarter. This is significant in that Republicans have not yet been able to unify behind an alternative to the sequester (those alternatives that passed the House in the last Congress are now dead, and there's no sign Republicans can or will try to pass one again).
What else?
As we all know, K-Pop idols keep themselves busy with numerous projects, including forays into drama. While the older generation of group (think BIGBANG and 2PM) might limit acting gigs to hilarious drama parodies, a new trend has begun to arise for the younger set in which the group stars in their own legitimate dramas – and we mean the entire group, not just a select member or two. We could not be happier about this trend. Here are some of our favorite idol group dramas!
GOT7 in “Dream Knight”
The members of GOT7 play the roles of mythical protectors in “Dream Knight,” a sweet mini web drama that shouldn't be taken too seriously. Filled with hilarious cameo appearances from JYP Entertainment artists, “Dream Knight” tells the story of Joo In Hyung (Song Ha Yoon) while they attend school. They were orphaned at a young age and lives in a trailer by themselves as they go through school; when Jackson, Mark, JB, and Youngjae suddenly appear and begin protecting them Obviously everything begins to get overly complicated as soon as they appear, but who would complain about such attractive “knights”?
Just look at these handsome boys in their school uniforms, and messed-up hair!
Of course the GOT7 members stay true to themselves by poking fun at each other, just like they do in reality.
We see you throwing shade at Yugyeom there, Youngjae!
A-JAX in “Vampire Flower”
Four members of the K-pop group A-JAX impress with their performances in “Vampire Flower,” another intriguing mini web drama. However, instead of playful knights appearing to help her, Seo Young (Kim Ga Eun) suddenly finds themselves surrounded by vampires as they try to attend school. They are in search of a mysterious flower; they believe that they can help them find it. Luckily, they gain guardians of their own when the four attractive young vampires realize that someone else is after what they seek!
5urprise in “After School: Lucky or Not”
5urprise is often referred to as an actor group, as it's made up of actors Seo Kang Joon, Yoo Il, Gong Myung (the older brother of NCT's Doyoung), Kang Tae Oh, and Lee Tae Hwan. These five members proved their acting chops in this outrageously absurd miniseries. It seems like school themes are nearly impossible to escape in these idol dramas, as we once again follow a girl who encounters a strange group of boys while they are in school. This time we are following Kim So Eun (Kim So Eun), who is suddenly recruited into a “drawing” club. The club is made up of 5urprise and it has nothing to do with art, as the the members instead draw a “mission” they have to complete out of of box. These “missions” end up being ridiculously unbelievable and even seem to get worse as this idiotically entertaining series unfolds!
We even get to see Seo Kang Joon dressed up as a girl – need I say more?
Yes, we had the same expression as they did!
What would you do if your favorite idols moved next door?
That is exactly what Ji Yeon Hee (Moon Ga Young) has to decide when some of the members of EXO move in right next door! Unfortunately, they are incredibly awkward and clumsy, so they manage to embarrass themselves in front of the superstars on multiple occasions. Everything gets even worse for Yeon Hee when they are hired to clean their house, and Chanyeol seems to be trying to get them to remember something.
Will they be able to survive their embarrassment long enough to learn what they have forgotten about?
Watch this drama to find out!
Even Kai is cheering for us in this fun series!
“Secret Love” is the only idol drama on this list that has full-length episodes! A sweet drama that's all about love, we get to watch the different romances of members of KARA. Despite KARA's tumultuous and uncertain future, this drama is still very enjoyable and features big names like Lee Kwang Soo and Ji Chang Wook!
We love how Goo Hara lays down the law of relationships:
International fans have been revived and refreshed from them wisdom!
A drama where we can finally pick who we want the girl to end up with? YES, please!
“Click Your Heart” is special because it has four different endings and the viewers get to decide who they want AOA's Min Ah to end up with! This might seem overwhelming, but you only have to watch the episodes that follow the member of NEOZ SCHOOL that you want them to end up with. However, these good-looking boys had us watching all of the different endings for this mini-drama before we knew it!
NEOZ SCHOOL certainly has many attractive members, and they definitely make our hearts flutter in this cute series.
Is it just me, or is that size difference absolutely adorable? There is really nothing to say about Baek Ju Ho's picture; it was just too beautiful to resist!
ASTRO in “To Be Continued”
ASTRO has a cute image as an idol group, and their mini web-drama “To Be Continued” plays into it with its bright feel. The members all play themselves as they are sucked back in time the night before their debut! While some of them have no memory of being pulled back into high school, others have realized what has happened and are trying to make sure everything follows the path it did before. When some of them suddenly start forgetting that they are from the future, everything gets even harder to predict in this amusing series.
“To Be Continued” is super cute and has a charming blooper reel at the end of each mini-episode!
No, seriously! How are they all so innocent-looking and overly attractive at the same time?
Which of these idol dramas have you seen? Let us know in the comments!
t0ky0nights is a K-Pop enthusiast whose interests include many forms of Japanese, Chinese, and Korean entertainment. They can be found dancing or writing articles, and lyrics, most of the time. Check out their monochrome Instagram account here.
On today's show we're joined by the Host of the Black and Blue Podcast, Giovanni Sardo as we preview the LA Galaxy's weekend match with the Montreal Impact.
It's another packed episode of Corner of the Galaxy as your hosts, Josh Guesman and Wendy Thomas break down the LA Galaxy's 1-1 draw with the San Jose Earthquakes and look ahead to the weekend matchup with Montreal.
First Josh and Wendy will point out some of the bigger issues that should concern LA about the way they played against San Jose. Did Bruce Arena make a mistake in starting Mike Magee over Sebastian Lletget and did the formation and the personnel chosen put the Galaxy in a hole they never really recovered from? Did this feel more like a loss than a draw? And we'll tell you exactly what Steven Gerrard said that should give you a good mindset into what's going on in the LA Galaxy locker room.
Then Josh will be joined by Giovanni Sardo (@GioSardoMTL), host of the Black and Blue podcast to talk about how Montreal views this game (Josh also went on their podcast and you can hear it HERE). It's an insightful conversation that may leave you feeling like Montreal is ripe for the taking, but it's going to be an uphill road to climb.
Then Josh and Wendy tackle Zlatan Ibrahimovic rumors (it looks like an unhappy ending for LA) and the MLS All-Star Voting. Josh will give you their surefire way to get the best MLS team on the field and Wendy will tell you why Don Garber is throwing a party that no one wants to go to.
Finally we'll refocus on Montreal as we get you ready for the 5PM Kickoff on Saturday night. And why you should be going to the LA Galaxy II game.
It's a full show packed to the top with LA Galaxy stats, and fun. Thanks for joining us!
Music Provided by Back Pocket Memory (Used with Permission)
SHOW INFO
CORNER OF THE GALAXY
ITUNESSTITCHERSOUNDCLOUDYOUTUBE
MUSIC PROVIDED BY BACK POCKET MEMORY
ITUNESFACEBOOKTWITTERINSTAGRAM
Comments
comments
A chastened Theresa May is attempting to move on from their botched election gamble, under intense pressure from members of their own cabinet and Tory backbenchers to dramatically improve their game.
The Prime Minister spent the day in difficult conversations with senior ministers, whose support they now desperately needs despite having likely planned to sack some just 48 hours ago when they expected to win the election outright.
The Independent understands a key issue raised was that of the role of their two most senior aides Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, who many Tories see as having undue power at the centre of government.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Ahead of what is promising to be a bruising meeting with Tory backbenchers next week, MPs publicly questioned Ms May's position and their campaign, with one even branding it “madness”, while others demanded changes to their Brexit strategy and raised concerns about a deal with the Northern Irish DUP.
Government sources also told The Independent Ms May's need to win the unionists' support to govern could cause their problems in Westminster, as it may commit them to spending on public services in Ulster that they cannot replicate elsewhere.
In contrast, Jeremy Corbyn's position as Labour leader appeared rock-solid, with former critics admitting their more open and engaging campaign had been an effective foil to Ms May's stale, stage-managed appearances.
Going into the election, reports emerged of Ms May's post-vote plans to reshuffle their top team, with prominent figures like Chancellor Philip Hammond, Brexit Secretary David Davis and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson either facing the sack or being moved.
But the tables were turned after Ms May's credibility was damaged following the election result – which saw the Tories lose 12 seats, eight held by ministers. By Friday morning it was the Prime Minister's job in question.
Just after 5pm Downing Street confirmed Mr Hammond, Mr Johnson, Mr Davis, Home Secretary Amber Rudd and Defence Secretary Michael Fallon had all retained their posts. Allies of Mr Johnson's denied reports they had been “on manoeuvres” to replace Ms May and said, along with colleagues, that the top ministers primary concern was to ensure the stability of the Government going into Brexit talks.
But The Independent understands other concerns were raised about the handling of the campaign and the role of Ms May's all-powerful aides, who some blame for its failures. In particular the humiliating U-turn on a social care policy said to have been dropped into the manifesto at the last minute without proper consultation. A source said: “It was raised. Theresa is Prime Minister and it's right that they grasp the nettle of difficult policy, but there is wisdom to not doing detailed stuff in the middle of campaign that was lost.”
The criticism was not reserved to the Cabinet. One ousted MP who had been a minister, Rob Wilson, said of the social care U-turn: “Looking back on it, it was madness to do it, particularly as it had never, as I understand it, been floated before.”
Shape Created with Sketch. General Election 2017: Big beasts who lost their seats Show all 7 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. General Election 2017: Big beasts who lost their seats 1/7 Nick Clegg Darren O'Brien 2/7 Gavin Barwell Getty 3/7 Angus Robertson 4/7 Nicola Blackwood PA 5/7 Alex Salmond PA 6/7 Rob Wilson Rex Features 7/7 Ben Gummer PA 1/7 Nick Clegg Darren O'Brien 2/7 Gavin Barwell Getty 3/7 Angus Robertson 4/7 Nicola Blackwood PA 5/7 Alex Salmond PA 6/7 Rob Wilson Rex Features 7/7 Ben Gummer PA
By Friday afternoon two MPs, Anna Soubry and Heidi Allen, had already questioned the Prime Minister's chances of remaining in post in radio and television interviews. On Tuesday the Conservative backbench 1922 Committee will meet, where all angry backbenchers will interrogate Ms May over their failures.
One MP said: “If she's got sense, and I think they do, they will want to come and explain herself, get over the pain and difficulty and try and get people behind her.”
Another backbencher commented: “MPs have already been receiving mail from constituents about a possible coalition with DUP and what that might mean. There's an issue with LGBT rights and there will be a full and frank exchange.”
At lunchtime on Friday Ms May gave a skillful speech outside Downing Street, setting out their plans for a DUP deal, but failing to acknowledge the problems with their campaign. In an apparent effort to ensure MPs saw them showing contrition, they later did an interview giving a full apology to those who lost seats.
A visibly nervous Prime Minister said: “I am sorry for those candidates and hard-working party workers who weren't successful, but also particularly sorry for those colleagues who were MPs or ministers who had contributed so much to our country and who lost their seats and didn't deserve to lose their seats.”
They went on to promise that in the wake of their losses they would “reflect on what we need to do in the future to take the party forward”.
Former Cabinet minister Baroness Warsi also questioned a deal with the DUP, tweeting: “Short term political gain will lead to long term toxic Conservatives brand on #climatechange #LGBT rights #abortion and other imp issues.”
After frantic consultations with DUP leader Arlene Foster, the Prime Minister headed to Buckingham Palace to seek the formal permission of the Queen to form a new government, returning to No 10 to announce they had the “legitimacy” to continue in office.
Senior DUP figures made clear they were looking at a limited “confidence and supply” arrangement – rather than a more formal coalition – leading to some MPs to predict that there could another general election before the year is out.
One government source told The Independent that their demands were likely to be for more money, with infrastructure and services likely to be at the top of the party's wish-list. Asked if giving favoured spending to Northern Ireland might be a problem elsewhere, the source said: “It doesn't matter. They'll do it, It's only a small nation in the grand scheme of things.
“The DUP are experts at playing this game. They know exactly what they want, but are never going to get too close to us.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now.
I try to make a habit of going back from time-to-time to retry my recipes from the past, and recently I decided to pit my two blueberry muffin recipes against each other. The recipe from my second book, I'm Just Here For The Food, was designed to be kind of course and — forgive the badly overexposed adjective — rustic, and the one from Good Eats was formulated to be softer and more cupcake like. And I decided I didn't like either of them. But a hybrid is just right. Oh, and I upped the portion, not because we need bigger muffins, but because everybody likes a muffin top.
Top Heavy Blueberry Muffins 2015-09-14 15:14:57 Yields 13 Write a review Save Recipe Print Ingredients 22 ounces all-purpose flour 4 teaspoons baking powder 2 teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon kosher salt 8 ounces sugar 1 cup vegetable oil 2 large eggs 2 large egg yolks 16 ounces plain whole fat yogurt 1 tablespoon orange zest 12 ounces fresh blueberries 2 tablespoons demerera sugar Instructions Heat the oven to 375 degrees F and coat a standard 12-cup muffin pan (and one small oven safe ramekin) with non-stick spray. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. In second bowl whisk together the sugar, oil, eggs, yolks, yogurt and orange zest until smooth. Make a crater in the middle of the dry ingredients and pour the wet ingredients into it. Stir with a rubber spatula until just barely combined. Resist the urge to over-mix – there should be a some lumps of flour in the batter Fold in the blueberries, mixing just to combine. Drop about a cup of batter in each of the muffin tin's wells. Whatever's left over can be dropped into the prepared ramekin. The cups should be quite full. Sprinkle the muffins with the demerera sugar and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the bottom of a muffin comes out clean. Remove from oven and turn out, upside down, onto a clean tea towel to cool completely. This step is key in preventing mushy muffin bottoms, which nobody and I do mean nobody likes. Serve immediately or store in an airtight container for up to a week (or until they taste gross, smell bad, or grow fur). Notes The main reason for placing so much batter in each hole is to produce enough rise and spread for a proper muffin top. By © Alton Brown, Recipe and Images 2015 ALTON BROWN https://altonbrown.com/
There is a scene in the movie The Da Vinci Code where Silas, the mad Opus Dei monk is seen whipping themselves in imitation of the flogging of Christ, and using the cilice (a chain wrapped around either the thigh or stomach – pictured below) to cause discomfort. In fact the actual penitential practice of Opus is more restrained, but this is what many think of when the word 'asceticism' is mentioned.
You see a much more subtle form in the film Into Great Silence. For the hermit-monks of the Carthusian order, the strictest in Catholicism, asceticism consists of silence, slowing down, and of a continuous, life-long daily routine of discipline, prayer and contemplation.
Asceticism was always an essential part of Christian spirituality. The word is derived from Greek askesis meaning 'exercise' or 'training'. The term can be traced back to Stoics, Cynics, and to eastern religions including Buddhism.
It is also a core part of the teaching of Jesus. "If anyone would come after me let them deny self and take up the cross and follow me". In the gospels it contains two elements: Leaving the self behind, and following Christ. The call to follow Christ involves a constant watchfulness — "Keep awake for the Lord is coming", a commitment to the poor, and fasting. In the case of some followers it also involves renunciation of possessions and celibacy. The same ideal can be found in St Paul: "I punish my body and enslave it so that after proclaiming to others I myself should not be disqualified".
In the early church and during the Roman persecutions, martyrdom was the ideal form of asceticism. After Constantine the cult of martyrdom transmuted in a cult of virginity. This began with the hermits in the desert and developed into monasticism.
Not all of these developments led to positive results. A profound devaluation of the body infected Christianity, which continued on into the Middle Ages and in some forms is still with us. Notions of asceticism were rejected at the Reformation and the humanist ideal was resurrected during the Renaissance, although an emphasis on asceticism continued in the Catholic church.
What does this mean today? Does it have any application to our lives?Christian asceticism today is not so much about disciplining the body as living in a world where the cultural and religious structures that supported spiritual commitment in the past seem to have been stripped completely away. We live in a time when it is difficult to be a genuinely spiritual person. Post modernism deconstructs our religious symbols, theological mysteries and above all denies any sense of the sacred.I could not help thinking of this as I watched Richard Dawkins on the ABC's Compass being given yet another opportunity to ridicule faith and transcendence. No contrary opinions were offered and Dawkins was given carte blanche to pontificate on spirituality and belief, the most complex issue which has ever confronted humankind, from within the absurdly narrow confines of their own rationalism. We also live in a world where the dogmas of economic rationalism and consumerism rule supreme. These are based on a naive belief in the infinity of growth. Kenneth Boulding has rightly pointed out that anyone who believes that exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either mad or a rational economist! A radical spiritual commitment to justice and equality seems completely discordant in this kind of cultural atmosphere.So asceticism today will not involve physical penance so much as a determination to undertake a deliberate downsizing, an abandonment of the notion of infinite expansion as the only way to manage economics and measure success, and a willingness to stand against much which post modern culture believes is true.Second, it will engage Christians in a form of fasting that is constituted by eating and consuming less. Again, this involves a counter-cultural stance.Third, Christians must promote a deceleration in the use of non-renewable resources and a halt to infrastructure development that is destructive of environment. This will mean no more dams in a country like Australia!Finally because these stances seem so idealistic and unrealizable, believers are going to need monumental trust in God's Spirit.
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Images of Brazilian beaches, samba and soccer should by now be lighting up television sets and adorning metro stations around the world, tempting tourists to flock to Rio de Janeiro for the Olympic Games in August.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff attends the launching of the new Family Agriculture plan at Planalto Palace in Brasilia , Brazil, May 3, 2016. REUTERS/Adriano Machado
But, despite the artwork being ready since February and the launch planned for last month, Brazil's advertising campaign is gathering dust three months before the Games are due to kick off - a victim of the country's political crisis.
The impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, which could see them forced from office as soon as next week, has stripped their government of political support and left several ministries rudderless.
Tourism, Health, Energy & Mining, and Sports are among the ministerial portfolios now held by civil servants with little political authority as their teams prepare for a new government led by Vice President Michel Temer.
Embratur, the government tourism department responsible for promoting the Olympics overseas, has had three leaders in 30 days, as consecutive parties abandoned Rousseff, derailing efforts to press ahead with the campaign.
“It's been a mess,” said one source involved in preparing the Olympic campaign, admitting Brazil was missing an opportunity by leaving it so late. Britain launched its much-lauded “Great” campaign for London 2012 nearly a year before the Games.
Without the international campaign, there has been little to compete with negative headlines surrounding the Zika virus, the deepest economic recession in decades and political collapse.
Several governments, including the United States and the United Kingdom, have advised pregnant women to consider not traveling to Brazil due to the Zika virus.
Domestically, sales have been slow with only 62 percent of the available tickets to Olympic events sold, although the Rio 2016 organizing committee denies the political crisis has harmed preparations.
Embratur is sticking to its estimate that the Olympics will attract between 300,000 and 500,000 foreign visitors. That compares with the 590,000 foreign visitors that visited the United Kingdom for the last summer Olympics in 2012.
But the marketing campaign's delay could jeopardize government estimates that the Olympics would give a much-needed $1.7 billion boost to the economy.
With the Olympics three months away, Brazil has an uphill task in getting the world and its own population excited about the Games.
“There hasn't been a ton of buzz yet,” said David Carter, head of the Sports Business Institute at the University of Southern California.
MISS BUMBUM
Nine ministers have resigned from Rousseff's government in recent weeks as their coalition partners abandoned ship.
Tourism Minister Alessandro Teixeira was derided by tabloid newspapers as a symbol of the disorder when their wife Milena Santos, a winner of beauty pageant Miss BumBum, posted photos of themselves in a revealing white dress posing in their ministerial suite. They proclaimed themselves on Facebook “the First Lady of Tourism”.
If the Senate votes on May 11 to put Rousseff on trial, as expected, Temer will move quickly to name their Cabinet and get government moving again, their aides say.
A priority for the new government will be to secure Congressional approval for a new budget for 2016. Without this, government will shut down next month.
“Since February, the only thing that has been discussed here is whether President Rousseff should be impeached,” said Senator Otto Alencar, of the Social Democratic Party which left the government at the end of March. “This is hurting Brazil very much.”
While Rousseff denied at a rally on Sunday that their government was paralyzed, aides say many officials are already packing up their things in the presidential palace and ministry buildings.
ZIKA IMPACT
The political paralysis also appears to be harming Brazil's ability to respond to the Zika outbreak and care for children born with the birth defect microcephaly linked to the virus.
Marcelo Castro resigned as health minister last Wednesday, leaving the ministry without a politically appointed head as cities in the northeast continue to struggle with a surge in babies born with abnormally small heads, brain damage and motor control problems.
The city of Campina Grande in the interior of northeastern state of Paraiba, and one of the worst affected by the Zika outbreak, is still waiting for 6 million reais ($1.7 million) and a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scanner promised in February.
The money and equipment is vital for the remote city of 350,000 on the front line of the fight against Zika. As the only specialist clinic for microcephaly in the interior of Paraiba, Campina Grande is caring for over 40 mothers from the surrounding region.
“The political situation the country is going through is delaying everything,” Luzia Pinto, the health secretary for Campina Grande, told Reuters over the phone.
The Health Ministry did not respond to requests for comments.
By Mary Bottari and Jessica Mason
Four workers were tragically killed when an insecticide leaked into a building at DuPont's LaPorte, Texas plant in November 2014. After two workers were overcome by toxic fumes, another responded to a distress call and was overwhelmed. Their brother, too, died attempting to aid the fallen. Three others were injured.
OSHA officials blasted DuPont in the strongest terms, stating those who died "would be alive today, had their employer taken steps to protect them." Yet, just months later, the same plant was cited by OSHA for even more safety violations. Now, DuPont—which with its subsidiaries has held multiple federal contracts over recent years totaling millions of dollars—is part of a corporate coalition trying to block rules that would ensure federal contractors abide by health, safety, and labor laws.
President Obama's Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order aims to protect hard-working Americans by requiring companies with an ongoing history of violating safety and labor standards to clean up their acts and comply with federal health and safety laws before being rewarded with taxpayer dollars. DuPont and its subsidiaries, whose history of OSHA violations as of January 2016 includes dozens of "Serious" citations, multiple "Repeat" and "Willful" citations, and more than $500,000 in penalties since 2013, are exhibiting exactly the type of behavior the new rules were created to discourage.
With millions in federal contracts at stake, federal contractors have pushed back hard against the new rules through little-known trade organizations like the Human Resources Policy Association (HRPA), which has attacked the executive order in congressional testimony, media statements, and lobbying efforts. A DuPont executive sits on HRPA's board of directors.
HRPA complains that holding regular OSHA violators to account is an effort to "create a black list" and "intimidate companies." The organization also claims that the rules "seek to solve a problem that does not exist" as its member companies "have a long standing commitment to complying with all federal and state employment and labor laws."
But as the records of DuPont and its subsidiaries show, pervasive safety problems with federal contractors are all too real.
Four Tragic Deaths Follow "Serious Failures" by DuPont
On November 15,2014, operator Crystal Rae Wise collapsed when 20,000 pounds of gaseous methyl mercaptan, a gas used in insecticide production, leaked into the enclosed space where they were working at the the LaPorte chemical plant. Other employees were killed and injured by the toxic fumes in the building trying to rescue them and each other. OSHA documented what went wrong in a training film.
OSHA issued DuPont one "Repeat" violation and nine "Serious" violations for what it called "serious failures," including failing to train its employees properly, along with a $99,000 fine. Investigators found a "Repeat" violation because the company didn't teach the employees how to use the plant's ventilation system. OSHA had found similar problems involving inspection and training failures following the death of a DuPont worker at its Belle, West Virginia plant in 2010.
"Four people lost their lives and their families lost loved ones because DuPont did not have proper safety procedures in place," Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health Dr. David Michaels said of the horrific incident at the LaPorte plant, but the violations are being contested by the company.
The same plant was inspected again in January 2015. DuPont, which chalked up $34.7 billion in annual revenues and paid its CEO Ellen Kullman $14.3 million in 2014, had failed to clean up its act, so OSHA enrolled the company in its "Severe Violator Enforcement Program."
"We have concerns about the safety culture," Dr. Michaels told the Texas Tribune in July 2015 as OSHA issued another 4 "Serious," 3 "Willful," and 1 "Repeat" violation, and $273,000 in penalties on top of those issued in 2014. "We expect chemical facilities where highly toxic materials are used to have a culture that focuses on ensuring worker protection. It appears to have broken down." These penalties are also being contested.
History of Dangerous Violations
The LaPorte tragedy is not an isolated incident.
A tanker truck leak exposed workers at the DuPont Chamber Works plant in Deepwater, New Jersey to hazardous chemicals in May 2014. DuPont Chamber Works was issued 8 "Serious" violations over process safety management standards, and 2 "Repeat" violations for failing to perform inspections and tests on the equipment used in chemical processes. The plant had been cited for the same violations in 2010 and 2011, but the most recent violations are being contested.
When a hose ruptured at DuPont's Belle, West Virginia plant in January 2010—the third hazardous chemical release in two days at that plant—a worker's face was sprayed with phosgene, a hazardous herbicide that was used as a chemical weapon in World War I. The man died in the hospital the following night. OSHA fined DuPont $43,000, citing it for 6 Serious and 5 other violations.
A storage tank at DuPont's Yerkes facility in Buffalo, New York exploded on November 2010 due to an undetected leak of flammable vinyl fluoride, killing one worker and causing first-degree burns on another. The Chemical Safety Board, which produced a safety video based on the incident, called it "preventable" and identified problems with DuPont's monitoring of flammable vapor. After a separate investigation, OSHA cited the DuPont Yerkes Plant and a contractor for a combined total of 17 Serious violations, and $61,500 and $55,440 in proposed fines, respectively. The case was closed in February 2012, after an Administrative Law Judge sustained 7 of the Serious citations against the DuPont Yerkes Plant and a fine of $49,000.
Millions in Federal Contracts for an OSHA "Severe Violator"
It may come as news to HRPA and DuPont, but no taxpayer wants to subsidize federal contractors that have an established pattern of flouting health and safety laws.
Between 2013-2016, the "look back" period that triggers action under President Obama's executive order, DuPont and its subsidiaries incurred a total of 41 "Serious," 3 "Willful," and 4 "Repeat" OSHA violations. Yet during this same time period, DuPont or its subsidiaries were still awarded significant federal contracts.
Once President Obama's executive order is fully implemented, companies like DuPont would have to report this data as part of the process of gaining federal contracts and federal agencies could begin holding companies with bad records to account.
"Dupont is such an egregious violator that OSHA placed them in their Severe Violator Program, which focuses agency resources on employers who have demonstrated indifference towards creating a safe and health workplace," OSHA expert Deborah Berkowitz, a Senior Fellow at the National Employment Law Project, told CMD.
HRPA may try to spin the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive order as a "blacklisting" of "well-intentioned companies." But the executive order addresses a serious flaw in the federal contracting system.
"This executive order is about saving lives and making sure federal tax dollars don't reward companies that are indifferent to their obligation under the law. It's not about blacklisting, it provides an opportunity for DuPont to fix these dangerous conditions and come into compliance with the law," said Berkowitz.
This series on fair pay and safe workplaces is dedicated to the memory of watchdog journalist Chris Thompson of CorpWatch, who wrote the 2014 report "Subsidizing Contractor Misconduct." If you want to encourage the White House Office of Management and Budget to take swift action to protect workers, please sign CMD's petition here.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watchdog awards MPs 10% pay rise
MPs' salaries will rise from £67,060 to £74,000, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority has announced.
The 10% pay rise has been approved despite Downing Street and a succession of MPs saying it was "not appropriate".
IPSA chairperson Sir Ian Kennedy said that MPs' pay had been a "toxic" issue "which had been ducked for decades".
They said the pay rise would not cost any money because it was being combined with cuts to expenses, pension and severance payments for MPs.
The independent watchdog, set up to bring in and run a new expense and pay system for MPs after the expenses scandal of 2009, says in future MPs' pay would rise in line with average rises in the public sector.
Analysis: By BBC political correspondent Iain Watson
The pay rise for MPs is something which is seen to be perhaps not entirely politically sensible at the moment. Still in an age of austerity, still paying down the deficit, restrictions on public sector pay.
But that said, it's an independent body, IPSA, that's doing it. Their assessment is that MPs are underpaid but that they had far too many generous allowances.
So what they've decided to do is have a series of reforms that don't cost the taxpayer a penny more. So for example, MPs will have a restructured pension scheme and lose some of their expenses, such as for evening meals.
IPSA says this is a very sensible package, but it comes at not a very sensible time if you're an MP, because it looks as though you're getting more than 10% while your constituents are probably having their pay restrained.
That was a change from its earlier suggestion that their pay would be linked to average earnings, which is likely to be higher over the next five years.
The measure being used by IPSA has also been negative in the past as a result of job cuts - and the watchdog's report stated: "If these data show that public sector earnings have in fact fallen, then MPs' pay will be cut too."
A number of MPs - including Education Secretary Nicky Morgan - have said they would give the money to charity, while Labour leadership contenders Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall have said they would forgo the rise.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andrew Bridgen, MP: "It's time for MPs to get off their knees"
The then Education Secretary Michael Gove, now Justice Secretary, in 2013 said that IPSA could "stick" their pay rise.
David Cameron has refused to say whether they will accept the IPSA pay increase or not.
The prime minister told BBC's South West Spotlight programme "I don't agree with what's been put forward", but they stressed that IPSA was an independent body.
Asked whether they would give the money to charity, they said: "I give money to charity and [this money] will enable people to give more. But this is a private matter."
The government formally expressed its opposition to an increase in a letter to the watchdog's final consultation on the plans last month.
Image caption The PM said they were responsible for ministerial pay which they had "cut" and "frozen" since 2010
Sir Ian said: "We have made the necessary break with the past. We have created a new and transparent scheme of business costs and expenses, introduced a less generous pension scheme, where taxpayers contribute less and MPs make a higher contribution, and scrapped large resettlement payments.
"We have consulted extensively on MPs' pay, and with today's decision we have put in place the final element of the package for the new Parliament.
"In making this decision we are very aware of the strongly held views of many members of the public and by some MPs themselves.
"We have listened to those views. We have made an important change to the way in which pay will be adjusted annually.
"Over the last Parliament, MPs' pay increased by 2%, compared to 5% in the public sector and 10% in the whole economy. It is right that we make this one-off increase and then formally link MPs' pay to public sector pay."
Labour leadership contender Yvette Cooper said: "This is crazy. How on earth has David Cameron allowed this to happen? They need to step in urgently and stop this MPs pay rise going ahead."
Jonathan Isaby, chief executive of the TaxPayers' Alliance, which campaigns for lower taxes and against spending waste, said: "Just a week after the chancellor rightly announced further pay restraint in the public sector, it is totally inappropriate for IPSA to be pushing forward with this pay hike.
"This unaccountable body is doing our MPs a great disservice: the invisible quangocrats at IPSA may have made this regrettable decision, but the public will inevitably direct their anger at their elected representatives in Parliament."
UC San Francisco researchers have completed the first Internet-based clinical trial for children with autism, establishing it as a viable and cost effective method of conducting high-quality and rapid clinical trials in this population.
In their study, published in the June 2014 issue of the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the researchers looked at whether an Internet-based trial was a feasible way to evaluate whether omega-3 fatty acids helped reduce hyperactivity in children with autism. The authors found that not only was it a valuable platform for conducting the randomized clinical trial, but that it was both cost and time effective, as well.
“Recruitment for clinical trials in children with autism is one of the biggest challenges we face in studying potential treatments, and we found that process to be accelerated and streamlined by using existing online communities for enrollment,” said lead author Stephen Bent, associate professor of medicine at UCSF. “This trial can serve as a model for how to efficiently test potential treatments through the growing power of online communities.”
Using the Interactive Autism Network's (IAN) robust online community of parents, the researchers enrolled 57 children from 28 states into the randomized trial.
The enrolled children were randomly assigned to either receive 1.3 grams of omega-3 fatty acids or an identical placebo daily for six weeks. Once a week the participants' parents received an email asking them to complete outcome measures on how their child was doing and report on the child's level of hyperactivity. The children's teachers reported on changes in hyperactivity as well. The parent and teacher responses were submitted to a database, allowing the researchers to access the data immediately.
Because the IAN requires that parents complete a short questionnaire and verify that their child has been professionally diagnosed in order to participate in the online network, the researchers were able to confirm the participants met the diagnostic criteria for autism without a clinic visit.
While the researchers found that the omega-3 fatty acids did not lead to a statistically significant reduction in hyperactivity, they concluded the online trial was a promising technique for evaluating treatments for autism.
“The entire study was completed in slightly more than three months from the start of enrollment, and demonstrates there are many advantages including low cost, rapid enrollment, high completion rate, convenience for participating families, and the ability to participate from virtually any location,” said Bent. “We had 100 percent completion of all outcome measures from parents and teachers, indicating that there is an ease to this method of testing that engages parents at a higher rate than traditional trials.”
The study was supported by a grant from the Simons Foundation and by the National Center for Research Resources and the National Institute of Health.
Other authors of the study are senior author Paul Law, MD, Tara Zandi, MSW, Kiely Law, MD, Luther Kalb, MHS and Jay Nestle, BS, all of the Kennedy Krieger Institute and Robert Hendren, PhD, Jae-Eun Choi, BA, and Felicia Widjaja, MPH of UCSF.
UCSF is the nation's leading university exclusively focused on health. Now celebrating the 150th anniversary of its founding as a medical college, UCSF is dedicated to transforming health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It includes top-ranked graduate schools of dentistry, medicine, nursing and pharmacy; a graduate division with world-renowned programs in the biological sciences, a preeminent biomedical research enterprise and two top-tier hospitals, UCSF Medical Center and UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital San Francisco.
English [ edit ]
Map of the United States highlighting Idaho
Etymology [ edit ]
When a name was being selected for the new territory, eccentric lobbyist George M. Willing suggested "Idaho", which they claimed was a Shoshone term meaning "gem of the mountains". It was later revealed that Willing had made up the name himself.
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho
A state of the United States of America. Capital: Boise.
Derived terms [ edit ]
Translations [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
Idaho (plural Idahos)
An Idaho potato.
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Anagrams [ edit ]
Danish [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Borrowed from English Idaho.
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho (genitive Idahos)
Esperanto [ edit ]
Idaho
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho (accusative Idahon)
See also [ edit ]
Finnish [ edit ]
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho
Declension [ edit ]
Inflection of Idaho (Kotus type 1/valo, no gradation) nominative Idaho — genitive Idahon — partitive Idahoa — illative Idahoon — singular plural nominative Idaho — accusative nom. Idaho — gen. Idahon genitive Idahon — partitive Idahoa — inessive Idahossa — elative Idahosta — illative Idahoon — adessive Idaholla — ablative Idaholta — allative Idaholle — essive Idahona — translative Idahoksi — instructive — — abessive Idahotta — comitative — —
Derived terms [ edit ]
Anagrams [ edit ]
Portuguese [ edit ]
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho m
Spanish [ edit ]
Proper noun [ edit ]
Idaho m
Related terms [ edit ]
SAN FRANCISCO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A possible tradeoff between opposing camps at the U.S. Federal Reserve could bring about an earlier-than-expected interest rate rise while keeping the U.S. central bank's balance sheet larger for longer.
The Federal Reserve building is seen in Washington June 19, 2012. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Comments from officials anxious to tighten monetary policy as well as from those who want it to remain as accommodative as possible suggest they may balance the timing of a rate rise against when the central bank's massive securities portfolio should shrink.
Policymakers struck a similar compromise in December when they twinned their decision to start trimming bond purchases with an even stronger promise to keep rates near zero well into the future. The purchases are expected to end later this year.
To continue dialing back the Fed's aggressive policy accommodation, officials must next raise rates and stop reinvesting proceeds from maturing Treasuries and mortgage bonds the central bank holds. The timing of those moves could have big consequences for the economy and global financial markets.
Even though a move on either front is unlikely until the first half of 2015 at the earliest, officials have already begun to strategize over the best way forward. Those discussions are likely to be front and center when Fed officials next meet on June 17-18.
William Dudley, the influential chief of the New York Fed, nodded to the tradeoff last month when they said they would rather not halt reinvestments until after the first rate rise.
Left unsaid - and largely overlooked by investors - is that topping up the balance sheet for longer than previously expected implies support for an earlier rate rise, according to current and former Fed officials. Otherwise, policy would be looser than intended, they said.
A week later Charles Plosser, the hawkish head of the Philadelphia Fed, told reporters that officials who want to keep the balance sheet large would “be faced with the task of raising interest rates higher and faster than you otherwise might have chosen.”
The decision over when to stop reinvesting involves a relatively tiny fraction of the Fed's $4.5 trillion balance sheet, at least for the next year or so.
In 2015, if officials choose to stop reinvesting, the Fed's Treasuries portfolio would shrink anywhere from $353,000 to $1.45 billion in a given month, depending on what was due to mature. The mortgage portfolio could shrink more quickly as Americans prepay their home loans, though the extent will depend on mortgage rates and other factors.
But as the central bank's hawkish minority and its dovish majority including Dudley and Fed Chair Janet Yellen attempt to come to terms on how to move on from the crisis era, the decision is looming larger than mere dollars suggest.
“This debate is probably a proxy for when and how to tighten,” said former Fed Vice Chair Donald Kohn, who is now a senior fellow at Brookings Institution. “Interestingly, the sooner and faster you let the portfolio decline, the greater the delay in raising short term rates.”
A HAWK IN DOVISH FEATHERS?
That delay is something even doves like Dudley want to avoid.
In a wide-ranging speech on May 20, Dudley warned that shrinking the balance sheet could inadvertently convince markets that interest-rate hikes were imminent, raising borrowing costs across the economy and slowing the recovery.
The speech caused prices on 5- and 10-year U.S. Treasuries to rise as investors moved to price in what they perceived to be a looser Fed policy because the central bank's long-standing plan had been to start shrinking the balance sheet before raising rates. At the same time, traders kept bets in place that the Fed will wait until July of next year before raising rates.
But the message, which San Francisco Fed chief John Williams echoed separately the following day, may have been at least equally hawkish. Dudley emphasized the need to lift rates - which have been close to zero for five-and-a-half years - to give the central bank room to maneuver to deal with any future shocks.
“Many have viewed Dudley's remarks on the dovish side thinking that the Fed is in no rush to shrink its balance sheet, but I think they miss the point,” said Standard Chartered Bank economist Thomas Costerg. “Dudley rather made clear that the Fed wants to regain some flexibility with the interest rate tool.”
A Reuters survey last week found 12 of 17 primary dealers expect the Fed to halt reinvestments from maturing bonds after, or around the same time as, it lifts the key federal funds rate. A month ago, most expected the move to come before the rate rise.
AVOIDING TANTRUMS
If a compromise emerges, it wouldn't be the first time U.S. central bankers fretted about an outsized market reaction to a seminal policy change, and found a middle ground to avoid it.
In December, when the Fed announced the first modest $10 billion cut to its monthly asset purchases, minutes of the meeting show officials wanted to reinforce their commitment to low rates to “mitigate the risks of an undesired tightening of financial conditions” brought on by the cut.
As the hawkish Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher put it at the time, “I didn't find the (low-rate promise) to be too high a price to pay for that cutback of $10 billion.”
Fed officials, both hawks and doves, have since become increasingly worried that keeping rates low for so long could fuel excessive risk-taking by investors. That has become one more reason they may agree to allow rates to rise a bit sooner, especially with robust job growth and other signs of gathering momentum in the economy.
Not all hawks, however, have signed on. Kansas City Fed President Esther George said recently that they want to first stop topping up the balance sheet, and then raise rates, both sooner and more steeply than the current Fed forecast allows for. Jeffrey Lacker of the Richmond Fed has similarly called for an immediate end to reinvestments, though they acknowledged their view is in the “distinct minority.”
By Pam Martens: April 11, 2013
If President Obama is trying to make it clear that they report to the 1 percent, not the average Americans who elected him, he's earning an A+ on their report card.
At 6:46 p.m. last evening, the White House sent out the President's schedule for today. One item on the agenda reads as follows: “Later in the morning, the President will meet with members of the Financial Services Forum as part of the organization's daylong Spring Meeting. This meeting in the Roosevelt Room is closed press.” There is no mention in this press announcement that the President will be meeting with the CEOs of the too-big-to-fail banks – certainly a detail worthy of the public's attention.
Early this morning, the Wall Street Journal's link on the front page of its web site to its story on the President's meet-up with members of the Financial Services Forum tells us the following: “PAGE UNAVAILABLE — The document you requested either no longer exists or is not currently available.” Fortunately, Google has cached the article and from it we learn that Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase (whose firm is under an FBI investigation for losing $6.2 billion of depositors' money in a derivatives trading scheme) is expected to meet with the President at the White House today as part of the Financial Services Forum. Also expected to attend is Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America.
At the same moment the President is meeting with the CEOs of these firms, an investigative hearing will be playing out in the U.S. Senate's Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Protection, part of the Senate Banking Committee, on whether these same banks and others corrupted the process of a regulatory mandate to review their foreclosure files for evidence of fraud and abuse by directly paying and interacting with the consultants hired to do the work.
The optics of the President meeting with executives from a Wall Street lobby group one day after submitting a budget proposal to Congress that would raise income taxes on the middle class while cutting Social Security benefits on the elderly, veterans and disabled is apparently of no concern to the President, unless their “closed press” blackout doesn't hold. It could be a fluke that out of a hundred other headline links on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, only this one doesn't work. Or it could be that the comments were so savage that the article and comments were removed. Also possible is that those ubiquitous invisible hands asked to have the article removed from the front page and someone forgot to take down the headline link.
The Financial Services Forum is a lobby group composed of 19 CEOs of the too-big-to-fail banks, both U.S. and foreign, and other large financial services firms like Goldman Sachs, AIG, and GE Capital. The Forum is not bashful about its lobbying agenda. According to the lobby disclosure document it filed with the Senate last year, it doesn't believe big banks should be broken up: “The Forum opposes legislation to preemptively dismantle or limit the activities of well-capitalized and well-managed financial institutions, haircuts on secured creditors to financial institutions in the course of a resolution, and punitive taxes or levies on financial institutions.”
The Forum is also against the so-called Robin Hood tax, a financial transaction tax that would amount to a fraction of one percent on each trade in derivatives, stocks and bonds, stating in its lobby disclosure document that “The Forum believes that imposing taxes and fees on the financial sector will restrict the availability of credit, increase the tax burden on investors and impede the ability of the financial sector to create jobs…The Forum supports maintaining the existing tax rates on dividends and capital gains.”
Wall Street could not have found a better representative for its agenda than the man the President has installed as Secretary of the Treasury, Jack Lew, leading to the obvious suspicion that it was Wall Street that installed him. Lew just returned from a two-day whirlwind tour of meetings with members of the European Commission and finance ministers to urge against the imposition of a financial transaction tax as is currently planned by 11 European countries. Lew has also stated in Congressional hearings that they do not believe the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act, which prevented the creation of giant institutions housing Wall Street casinos and insured deposits, led to the 2008 financial collapse.
Lew came to the Obama administration directly from Citigroup where they were an executive at the time it became insolvent and required the largest bailout of any Wall Street bank – over $2.5 trillion in low-cost loans, $45 billion in equity infusions and over $300 billion in asset guarantees. Lew accepted from Citigroup, and has not returned to the taxpayer, $940,000 in a bonus which came from bailout funds.
As the President meets with Lew's cronies on Wall Street, Lew will be appearing before the House Ways and Means Committee, and later in the day before the Senate Finance Committee, to shill for the President's budget and its embedded agenda of making the poor and middle class of America pay for the economic crimes of Wall Street.
Ms. Brito was just one member of a community of roughly 25 artists who inhabited the building illegally — but in plain sight of Oakland city officials. The building, which was known as the Ghost Ship and has been under investigation for code violations, had a permit to function as a warehouse, but not as a residence or for a party. A criminal investigation began on Sunday.
Ms. Brito said the fire started at the very back of the building, in a studio next to hers, when the couple who occupied the room were gone. They said a firefighter investigating the blaze had asked them whether the couple had recently installed a refrigerator, which they had, raising the possibility that the building's electrical system played a role. The officials said on Monday that they believed they had identified the section of the building where the fire started, but cautioned that they were no closer to finding a cause.
Ms. Brito and another survivor, Nikki Kelber, 44, said the building's renters had repeatedly asked its owner to upgrade the electrical system, which failed often enough that residents had flashlights in their studios.
Ms. Kelber and Ms. Brito said that the building had many fire extinguishers and that one of the residents, Max Ohr, tried to use one on the flames but soon gave up.
“It was like trying to put out a bonfire with a squirt gun,” Ms. Brito said.
The residents of the building said they had been priced out of parts of the San Francisco Bay Area that have become increasingly unaffordable. They called themselves refugees and were happy to be living among a community of like-minded artists paying an affordable rent.
Hey folks, welcome to the second episode of the week! It's been a doozy of a week already and the crew are all getting prepped to have another amazing show for Monday, but that's the future and this is now. Join X and Felicia (for some of the segments) as we hit the following headlines:
NEWS/REAL AUDIO
Alright folks that's it for the new episodes for this week, there is an older Secret Patron Show that'll be out on Friday for you to enjoy. Join us then!
Email: Mailbag@UtahOutcasts.com
Voicemail/SMS line: (347) 669-3377
Instagram: Click Here
Facebook: Click Here
Twitter: Click Here
YouTube: Click Here
Click HERE to Download
OPENING SONG – AKnewGod “Break the Veil” used with permission
CLOSING SONG – The Dead Kennedys “Holiday in Cambodia”
Subscribe via iTunes
Subscribe on Android
Subscribe on Spreaker
Subscribe via Stitcher
Support us via Patreon
Support us via PayPal
Buy some Merch!
Join the Discussion!
In an not entirely surprising move, the Holy See has announced the Cuban President Raul Castro will meet with Pope Francis for a private audience in the Vatican next Sunday.
President Castro's visit comes at a moment of transition in Cuba's relationship with the United States. Both President Obama and President Castro have acknowledged the important role of Pope Francis and the Holy See diplomatic machine in brokering an historic deal just before Christmas, aimed at normalising relations between the two countries.
In particular, Pope Francis wrote letters to both presidents, urging the former foes to resume diplomatic relations.
With the US-Cuba detente process in full swing, Pope Francis has opted to add a stopover in Cuba to their trip to the USA in September when they will also meet with President Obama. In that context, President Castro's audience with the Pope on Sunday will clearly serve to “prepare the ground” for next September's visit, the first by Pope Francis to Cuba.
Faced with widespread media speculation about President Castro's visit, senior Holy See spokesperson, Father Federico Lombardi, last night issued the following brief statement:
“I confirm that on Sunday morning May 10, 2015, the Holy Father will receive in a strictly private manner the President of the Republic of Cuba, Mr Raul Castro Ruz. The meeting will take place in the study of the Paul VI Audience Hall.
“As we already know, President Raul Castro has publicly thanked the Pope for their role in fostering the rapprochement between Cuba and the United States of America. The Pope will visit the Caribbean island in September en route to the United States.”
Vatican spokesperson Father Lombardi also emphasised that President Castro's meeting with Pope Francis was strictly private and not an official state visit.
Controversial Infowars radio host Alex Jones urged Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to maintain the anti-establishment position that helped get them elected.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a new interview with the New York Times, Jones, who rallied their fans on Trump's behalf, said the president-elect needs to continue to listen to their supporters.
“If they start acting like he's divorced from us and doesn't care about us, they'll turn against him,” Jones said.
They said that if Trump doesn't keep their campaign promises, “people will be upset," but added that “If they get 20 percent done, people will be happy."
In the Times interview, Jones said that they were one of the first calls the president-elect made in the days following the election.
“He was just thanking me for fighting so hard for Americans, and for Americanism, and thanking my listeners and supporters and to let me know that they were working really hard around the clock," they said.
Seattle classic-car buff losing prize to France Paris says American's $927,500 purchase violated its culture law
Charles Morse behind the wheel of the 1919 Turcat-Mery. Charles Morse behind the wheel of the 1919 Turcat-Mery. Photo: Photo Courtesy Of Human Nature Photography Photo: Photo Courtesy Of Human Nature Photography Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Seattle classic-car buff losing prize to France 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Federal officials want to seize an antique automobile bought by a Seattle collector because the French government considers the 1919 Turcat-Mery -- once owned by a descendant of the royal Bourbon dynasty -- to be a national treasure.
Charles Morse is ready to return the car. They just wants the $927,518 they paid for it.
Morse, a connoisseur of classic cars, was in Paris a few years ago for an automobile event called Retromobile when they learned of the Turcat-Mery and later decided to buy it, according to a court document filed by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rich Cohen.
"It is a very special car," said Morse, who was reached this week at their home in Sun Valley, Idaho. "It's a one-off automobile with a wonderful history to it. It was built for the Duc de Montpensier, an heir to the French throne.
"I have a couple of vehicles," said Morse, whose autos have frequently won awards at classic-car events. "But this is a pretty special one to me."
Special indeed.
Cohen and Special Agent Thomas Penn with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement wrote in an affidavit, "Historically and scientifically, this vehicle is completely unique being built in 1919 at the request of the Duc de Montpensier, descendant of the Orleans branch of the Bourbon Dynasty, which reigned in France from 1589 to 1848 and owned the French Castle of Randan (in Puy-de-dome)."
The Duc de Montpensier had the vehicle customized on the Turcat chassis by Henri Rougier, a famous cyclist and later race car driver who won the first Monte Carlo rally.
When the Duc died in 1924 without children, their wife inherited the Turcat. They married Alberto de Huarte, who inherited the estate upon their death in 1958, according to the affidavit.
In 1991, a French ministerial order classified the royal estate at Randan, including the Turcat, as historic monuments. Alberto de Huarte, who was living in Pamplona, Spain, at the time, agreed to the classification. The classification, U.S. authorities say, means that French law forbids the export of the Turcat.
The Turcat changed hands twice before it was exported to J. Braam Ruben of Fine Automobiles in Utrecht, Netherlands, according to the affidavit.
It was Ruben who sold the Turcat to Morse.
The Turcat arrived at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in a 20-foot container in July 2005 from Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands. The customs paperwork lists the vehicle's country of origin as the Netherlands and a total value of $420,000.
A few weeks later, Morse was showing the car at one of the most prestigious classic car events on the planet: the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance, which is held annually on the famous 18th fairway of the Pebble Beach golf course south of Monterey, Calif. Among the cars being shown were Ralph Lauren's 1938 Alfa Romeo Touring Spyder, Bruce McCaw's 1932 Alfa Romeo Zagato Monza and another Morse vehicle, a 1932 Delage Chapron Cabriolet.
The Turcat took top honors in its class.
Cohen, the federal prosecutor, would not talk about any discussions between the Justice Department and French diplomats. But the affidavit indicates that it was a letter from French officials that sparked the investigation.
Daniele Deal, the French deputy director of historical monuments, wrote to U.S. immigration and customs officials in February saying that the minister of culture considered the export and sale of the Turcat a violation of French law on heritage and national treasures.
Morse said Monday that Ruben has said subsequently that they did not know that the Turcat was protected as a French national treasure.
"They insisted that they didn't know," Morse said. "But they are in the business, and they should have known."
Meanwhile, the legal wrangling over the vehicle continues. Cohen filed a complaint for forfeiture of the Turcat last week. The U.S. says the automobile is subject to seizure and forfeiture because of alleged false statements in the customs documents involving the value of the vehicle and its country of origin.
The exact price Morse paid is unclear, but it appears to have been at least $880,000. Payment receipts provided by Morse's attorney total $927,518.
Morse, who is resigned to the Turcat's ultimate return to France, seemed to be taking the affair in stride Monday.
"I don't want them to just steal it," Morse said. "Our communications have been with the Ministry of Culture in France. They've said they would buy it."
"On a personal basis, I kind of had my fun with it," Morse said. "It won its class down at Pebble."
Nintendo Land isn't just a Wii U game anymore.
Nintendo and Universal Parks & Resorts said today that the two companies would team up to build Nintendo-themed attractions in Universal's parks, "creating spectacular, dedicated experiences based on Nintendo's wildly popular games, characters and worlds," according to a release.
The move is in line with Nintendo's desire to bring in more money by doing more to license and exploit its popular franchises like Mario and Legend of Zelda. Universal has theme parks in California, Florida, Osaka and Singapore.
Nintendo said that specific details would arrive later. The company has posted its first yearly profit since 2011, it said Thursday. The Wii U maker reported operating income of 24.7 billion yen (about $207 million) on sales of 549 billion yen (about $4.5 billion). It's a slim margin to be sure, but it's sure to be better received by investors than the previous three years of red ink. It also beat Nintendo's forecasts of 20 billion yen in operating income.
The Kyoto firm projects 50 billion yen in operating income for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, noting that "a new source of revenue is expected from a gaming application for smart devices which will be released this year."
Sales of the Nintendo 3DS portable were quite a bit lower than forecast; Nintendo originally intended to sell 12 million of the devices this year, but only ended up selling 8.73 million, down from 12.2 million last year. That's even after the launch of the New Nintendo 3DS hardware line. Wii U sales got a modest bump, from 2.72 million units last year to 3.38 million this year.
Nintendo's president Satoru Iwata will give a presentation to investors later today discussing the results. At this presentation last year, Nintendo announced its line of Amiibo interactive figurines. It's possible that Iwata could drop a similarly significant piece of news at this year's briefing—perhaps more details on Nintendo's mobile push, its long-promised "Quality of Life" product, or another totally unexpected announcement.
Although a partnership with Universal will probably suffice.
This story was updated shortly after publication with information about the Nintendo-Universal partnership.
THE Pacu, a fish dubbed the 'ball-cutter' because it has reportedly bitten off men's testicles, has been found in Paris and there are fears it could be making its way to the UK.
The small piranha-like fish was found in European waters for the first time in August with experts warning men to keep their trunks on if swimming in the Øresund channel between Denmark and Sweden.
Now the pacu has been found in the River Seine, The Paris Prefecture of Police newsletter revealed on Tuesday. Although officers were skeptical of the tropical catch, its human-like teeth marked the species as the feared 'testicle eating' pacu.
Fish expert Henrik Carl told the Local earlier in August: "The pacu is not normally dangerous to people but it has quite a serious bite. There have been incidents in other countries, such as Papua New Guinea where some men have had their testicles bitten off.
"They bite because they're hungry, and testicles sit nicely in their mouth."
The pacu, a relative of the piranha that is commonly found around the Amazon, can grow to up to 90cm and weigh in at a staggering 25kg. Fishermen in South America attacked by the pacu have reportedly bled to death after losing their testicles in the fish's vicious teeth.
The fish are found in most rivers in the Amazon and Orinoco basins in South America and have also been spotted in Papua New Guinea, where they are believed to have been introduced in order to boost fish stocks.
QUEENSLAND'S Liberal National Party government has used its huge majority to pass laws that will keep political donations under $12,400 a secret from voters.
Government MP Chris Davis, who was recently sacked as an assistant minister for speaking out against the LNP's policies, said they simply could not back the change, saying it posed too great a risk to democracy.
They said voters in their electorate had urged them to vote against the bill, but when it came time for that, they were not in the chamber.
The changes mean that only political donations over $12,400 will now have to be declared to the electoral commission, a dramatic rise from the old threshold of just $1000.
Dr Davis told parliament the bill offered third parties a greater opportunity to contribute financially to the business of politics.
"The front door to government is the ballot box and elected representatives, and the back door is other forms of influence," they told parliament.
They said the risks posed by that kind of influence had prompted NSW Premier Mike Baird to nail that back door shut, amid the ongoing corruption inquiry in their state.
Mr Baird has called for an urgent ban on political donations and the introduction of publicly-funded election campaigns.
"I cannot support uncapping donations and raising reporting thresholds," Dr Davis said, arguing precisely the opposite kind of action was needed.
They said governments should be working towards banning all donations by organisations, companies, associations, unions and research bodies, and then limiting individual donations to a low maximum.
"And we need immediate disclosure of donations," they said.
"Absolute trust in government is essential to the prosperity and wellbeing of all Queenslanders, and we should not be undertaking anything that might, without public benefit, risk that trust."
The government argues the change is necessary so state and federal disclosure rules match.
Premier Campbell Newman on Thursday said they actually wanted the federal threshold lowered, and if that happened Queensland would do the same.
But in parliament, Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie said if the federal threshold rose, Queensland would do that too.
Opposition leader Annastacia Palaszczuk said the Newman government was content to wind back transparency measures that flowed from Queensland's dark history of corruption.
"This is about hiding donations from the public. This is about secret business," they told parliament.
"The premier said that they would have a new open and transparent government. Tonight, they have squashed that forever, because the new mantra is: 'Yes, can do mate. Just donate'."
The changes governing political donations were among a suite of laws passed overnight, including a new requirement for voters to show identification at polling booths.
Mr Bleijie said the new laws on voter identification would help prevent electoral fraud.
Independent Liz Cunningham said voters would have serious questions about why the Newman government was changing the donation reporting threshold.
"I believe that the people of Queensland will find it very difficult to accept that such a great change is done without unacceptable motives," they told parliament.
"An increase from $1000 to $12,400 does nothing but put questions in the minds of the people of Queensland that there is something that is unpalatable and unacceptable in the motivation for this change."
Nothing fascinates a designer more than to see a blank canvas where they can go crazy with their creativity and play around with colors. It also holds true for designing websites from scratch. Unfortunately, most web designers focus on creativity but neglect how it would affect the overall user experience.
At the end of the day, the user will use your website. The user experience they have with your website will determine its success or failure. You should ask yourself how users will perceive your website and how they will interact with it. This would help you to deliver an immersive user experience to your website visitors. Is your website easy to navigate and understand for new users? Does it clearly mentions what your business is all about and the products and services you offer? Is your website easy on the eyes for new users?
All these considerations and much more takes you closer to create truly memorable web experiences. In this infographic, you will get expert advice from the best UX designers, which will assist you in impressing your web audience with a UX design and increase sales. Here is what the top UX experts have to say about creating wonderful web experiences.
Jerome Henry "Jerry" Brudos (January 31, 1939 – March 28, 2006) was an American serial killer and necrophile who committed the murders of at least four women in Oregon between 1968 and 1969.[1]
Early life [ edit ]
Brudos was born in Webster, South Dakota, and was the younger of two sons. Their mother had wanted a girl and was very displeased that they had another son instead.[2] They would also constantly belittle them and treat them with disdain, as well as physically abuse him.[3] As a child, Brudos and their family would move into different homes in the Pacific Northwest, before settling in Salem, Oregon.
They had a fetish for women's shoes from the age of five,[4] after playing with spike-heeled shoes at a local junkyard. They reportedly attempted to steal the shoes of their first grade teacher. Brudos had a fetish for women's underwear and claimed that they would steal underwear from female neighbors as a child.[3] They spent their teen years in and out of psychotherapy and psychiatric hospitals. They began to stalk local women as a teenager, knocking them down or choking them unconscious, and fleeing with their shoes.[5]
At age 17, they abducted and beat a young woman, threatening to stab them if they did not follow their sexual demands.[1] Shortly after being arrested, they were taken to a psychiatric ward of Oregon State Hospital for nine months. There it was found their sexual fantasies revolved around their hatred and revenge against their mother and women in general. They underwent a psychiatric evaluation, and was diagnosed with schizophrenia. Despite being institutionalized, they graduated from high school with their class in 1957. Shortly after graduation, Brudos became an electronics technician.[6]
In 1961, they married a 17-year-old girl with whom they would father two children, and settled in a Salem, Oregon suburb. They asked their new bride to do housework naked except for a pair of high heels while they took pictures. It was at about this time that they began complaining of migraine headaches and "blackouts," relieving their symptoms with night-prowling raids to steal shoes and lace undergarments. They kept the shoes, underwear, and (for a time) the bodies of their victims in a garage that they would not allow their wife to enter without first announcing their arrival on an intercom that Brudos had set up.[3]
Murders and incarceration [ edit ]
Between 1968 and 1969, Brudos bludgeoned and strangled four young women[7] and attempted to attack two others:[8]
Linda Slawson , 19, a door-to-door encyclopedia salesperson who knocked on Brudos' door in January 1968. Brudos lured them to the garage while their wife and children were in the house, knocked them out with a wooden plank, and strangled them They dressed them in different female undergarments and shoes they had stolen, arranged their body in provocative poses, and used a hacksaw to cut off their left foot, which they kept in the freezer and used to model their collection of high-heel shoes. They disposed of the body in the Willamette River.
, 19, a door-to-door encyclopedia salesperson who knocked on Brudos' door in January 1968. Brudos lured them to the garage while their wife and children were in the house, knocked them out with a wooden plank, and strangled them They dressed them in different female undergarments and shoes they had stolen, arranged their body in provocative poses, and used a hacksaw to cut off their left foot, which they kept in the freezer and used to model their collection of high-heel shoes. They disposed of the body in the Willamette River. Karen Sprinker , 19, abducted at gunpoint from a parking lot outside a department store in May 1968. Brudos was dressed in women's clothes during this attack. They brought them to their garage, made their try on their collection of undergarments and pose while they photographed her, raped her, and strangled them by hanging them by their neck from a pulley. They had sex with the body on several occasions and cut off their breasts to make plastic molds. Afterward, they tied the body to a 6-cylinder car engine with nylon cord and threw it in the Willamette.
, 19, abducted at gunpoint from a parking lot outside a department store in May 1968. Brudos was dressed in women's clothes during this attack. They brought them to their garage, made their try on their collection of undergarments and pose while they photographed her, raped her, and strangled them by hanging them by their neck from a pulley. They had sex with the body on several occasions and cut off their breasts to make plastic molds. Afterward, they tied the body to a 6-cylinder car engine with nylon cord and threw it in the Willamette. Jan Susan Whitney , 23, a motorist whose car broke down on Interstate 5 between Salem and Albany, Oregon on November 26, 1968. Brudos offered to drive them to their home with the excuse of letting them call a tow truck there. While still in the car, they strangled them with a leather strap and raped their post-mortem. They kept the body hanging from the pulley in their garage for several days, during which they dressed, photographed, and had sex with it. This time, Brudos cut off one of their breasts and made a resin mold of it that they used as a paperweight. Afterward they tied the body to a piece of railroad iron and threw it in the Willamette along with Slawson's foot, which had rotted.
, 23, a motorist whose car broke down on Interstate 5 between Salem and Albany, Oregon on November 26, 1968. Brudos offered to drive them to their home with the excuse of letting them call a tow truck there. While still in the car, they strangled them with a leather strap and raped their post-mortem. They kept the body hanging from the pulley in their garage for several days, during which they dressed, photographed, and had sex with it. This time, Brudos cut off one of their breasts and made a resin mold of it that they used as a paperweight. Afterward they tied the body to a piece of railroad iron and threw it in the Willamette along with Slawson's foot, which had rotted. Sharon Wood , 24, attempted to abduct at gunpoint from the basement floor of a parking garage in Portland on April 21, 1969.
, 24, attempted to abduct at gunpoint from the basement floor of a parking garage in Portland on April 21, 1969. Gloria Gene Smith , 15, attempted to abduct on April 22, 1969.
, 15, attempted to abduct on April 22, 1969. Linda Salee, 22, abducted from a shopping mall parking lot on April 23, 1969. Brudos brought them to their garage where they raped and strangled her, and played with their corpse. They decided to not cut their breasts off because they were "too pink," and instead drove an electrical current through the body in an attempt to make it "jump," which failed. Afterward, they tied the body to a car transmission with a nylon cord and threw it in the Willamette.
Brudos would dress up in high heels and masturbate after committing a murder.[5] In May 1969, a fisherman found the bodies of Salee and Sprinker in the Long Tom River. The police asked students at a nearby university campus about suspicious men and one led them to Brudos, who had phoned them several times to ask them for a date. Brudos gave police a false address, which increased their suspicions. At their garage, the police found copper wire that was determined to have been cut with the same tool that cut the cords used to tie the bodies. Brudos was arrested and they made a full confession. On June 28, 1969 Brudos pled guilty to three first-degree murders (Sprinker, Whitney and Salee's) and was sentenced to three consecutive terms of life imprisonment in Oregon State Penitentiary. Though they confessed to Slawson's murder, Brudos was neither tried nor convicted for it because they didn't make and keep photographs of the body, unlike in the other cases, but only of their foot. Whitney's body was found a month after Brudos' conviction, about a mile downstream from where they said they had thrown it.[8]
While incarcerated, Brudos had piles of women's shoe catalogues in their cell — they wrote to major companies asking for them — and claimed they were their substitute for pornography. They lodged countless appeals, including one in which they alleged that a photograph taken of them with one of their victim's corpses could not prove their guilt, because it was not the body of a person they were convicted of killing. In 1995, the parole board told Brudos that they would never be released.[8]
Illness and death [ edit ]
Brudos died in prison on March 28, 2006 from liver cancer. At the time of their death, Brudos was the longest incarcerated inmate in the Oregon Department of Corrections (a total of 37 years, from 1969 to 2006).[9]
Popular culture [ edit ]
 They are portrayed by actor Happy Anderson in the Netflix original series Mindhunter in Season 1, episodes 7 and 8.
The American extreme metal band Macabre has a song about Jerry Brudos on their 2003 album, Murder Metal.
Bibliography [ edit ]
Rule, Ann (1994). Lust Killer. Signet Books. ISBN 0-4511-6687-6.
Jason Kirby (front) and Murray Butcher (second from right) say the dying Darling River is having a big impact on Indigenous culture.
What was once one of the largest inland ports in New South Wales now sits on the banks of a dry Darling River.
While there is not a lot in the way of agricultural activity in Wilcannia anymore, the river has always been central to life in the remote town, as a source of food, and social and cultural activities.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.06 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.06 MB)
Load more chevron right
Most of the population of around 600 are Barkindji.
The term translates literally to "people of the river".
We have cultures on this river that have been here for thousands and thousands of years; cultures that have been obliterated by government decisions and mismanagement. Murray Butcher, Barkindji man and river activist
Murray Butcher is a Barkindji man who has lived most of their life on the river, and they are determined to have its importance recognised.
"This river system is a very important river system for the whole of western New South Wales, not just economically but spiritually," they said.
"Our river is just about on the brink of dying.
"We have cultures on this river that have been here for thousands and thousands of years, cultures that have been obliterated by government decisions and mismanagement.
"Because of the decisions they are making, we are the people that are suffering.
"Us Barkindji people, us Murrawarri people, us Yuwalaaray people; all those people that belong to the river."
Share Barkindji man Murray Butcher says most of their people have been able to retain strong links to their country.
The Barkindji are one of the few Indigenous Australian groups that have managed to stay physically connected to their land throughout colonisation and assimilation.
While they were still put on missions and used for cheap labour, the remoteness of Wilcannia meant they were able to stay close to the "Barka", or Darling River.
The water is very precious to us. Without water we've got no food, nothing. Jason Kirby, Wilcannia Barkindji man
"We've been lucky as Barkindji people in that most of us have been able to remain in our country and maintain our links to our country, our families, our story, our culture, and that is still strong today," Mr Butcher said.
"We may have got dispersed, but we were still able to live and survive in our own country."
The river has been central to that survival, but right now, it is all but completely dry.
Drought in the north, and what some say is over-allocation to irrigation upstream, has seen the river reduced to a trickle.
Local man Jason Kirby said it was having a massive impact on life in Wilcannia.
"The river means a lot to me and my family. It's the only thing that kept us alive in the years," they said.
"Now it's down and they're taking everything. We're hardly getting any fish. It's very hard these days.
"The water is very precious to us. Without water we've got no food, nothing."
Share The Darling River at Wilcannia in May 2016. The markers show past flood levels.
At the beginning of the month a contingent of mostly Indigenous representatives from Wilcannia and Menindee went on a mission to Canberra to lobby politicians for changes to water management.
Member for Parkes Mark Coulton agreed to write a letter to Parliament on the group's behalf, but Mr Butcher was sceptical about what impact the letter would have.
"I'm not hopeful at all. A lot of things that were discussed at the meeting were not included in that letter," they said.
The Government need to recognise that this river is not just here for an economic base for those people upstream and downstream of us. Murray Butcher, Barkindji man and river activist
"He never talked about how it is having an impact on the local economies of our region, how it has virtually killed Menindee, how it is impacting on graziers and householders."
Mr Coulton responded to that criticism, saying they were open to suggestions for changing the letter.
"If they're not happy with the letter I'd be happy to amend it," they said.
"I didn't offer a solution [in the letter]. I thought I had identified the situation as they raised it with me."
Mr Barker said that was not enough.
"We wanted action. We went down there to demand change in how the Government is managing our river," they said.
"The Government need to recognise that this river is not just here for an economic base for those people upstream and downstream of us."
The developer of the controversial condominium dubbed as the 'national photobomb' says the project will continue unless the court halts it
Published 2:21 PM, January 14, 2015
MANILA, Philippines – Only the highest court in the land can stop the construction of a building that has angered heritage advocates for marring the vista of the Philippines' main historical urban park.
Real estate developer DMCI Homes Inc on Wednesday, January 14, shrugged off a government order that sought to suspend the construction of its 49-storey Torre de Manila project in Manila.
“The only thing that would stop us is a Supreme Court (SC) order,” Herbert Consunji, director for administration at DMCI Homes told Rappler in a phone interview.
On January 5, the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) issued a cease and desist order on the Torre de Manila project, pointing out that the project “destroys or significantly alter” the view of the historic Rizal Shrine.
Citing the National Cultural Heritage Act of 2009, the NCCA said that the Rizal National Monument, Rizal Fountain, Rizal Park, and the Execution Site are “cultural property characterized as built heritage.”
Heritage advocates and Senator Pia Cayetano hailed the NCCA, and even connected the so-called “national photobomb” condominium project to the visit of Pope Francis on Thursday, January 14.
But Consunji insisted that the NCCA order – which they have yet to receive as of posting – would not merit any action from them.
“Any formal court [order] would be proper. They (DMCI Homes) will continue the work unless the court stops them,” said Consunji, who is also the vice president of the real estate firm's parent company.
In September 2014, the Knights of Rizal filed a petition for injunction with the High Court, asking it to stop the controversial condominium project.
Consunji said DMCI "will ask for consideration" should the Court rule in favor of the petitioners.
Barring any court order, the construction of the structure will continue, they said. – Rappler.com
As the great American author Mark Twain said, when an obituary for them was mistakenly published, "The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated." The same can be said for the compact digital camera. Many digital photography industry experts and pundits have predicted that people simply won't need a separate compact camera; however, until the digital photography technology in smartphones advances significantly, this potential scenario is many years in the future.
Granted, for many people who are exclusively social media mavens, the limited quality images from a smartphone are adequate for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc. They are not adequate, however, for those who want to learn digital photography and capture better and more creative images…and here are 10 reasons why.
Optical zoom capability
Digital photography isn't much fun or fulfilling when you're unable to zoom a camera's lens optically. Smartphones utilize “digital zoom,” which is a function borrowed from digital video cameras. Digital zoom works by cropping a portion of the image, and then enlarging it to the required size. Nifty technology, but it adversely affects image quality. With optical zoom, the glass elements inside the lens move to enlarge the view of a distant object without disturbing the size of the image. Optical zoom also provides you with more control of the relationship of the subject to the background or other subjects in the frame.
Macro photography
The lenses in smartphones cameras are not designed with much of a close-up capability, primarily because the manufacturers know this function isn't a priority with smartphone buyers. Comparatively, Canon's value-priced PowerShot ELPH 320 HS will focus as close as 1.2 inches (3cm). With the significantly larger sensor found in most compacts, you'll also be able to isolate a macro object within a shallow depth of field.
Better image-capturing performance
A smartphone's camera doesn't do a very good job of locking on an object/subject in rapid motion and recording a sharp image. Even when you can capture the subject within the frame, you don't have to enlarge it much before the subject becomes quite blurred. A clear performance advantage of a compact camera is its shutter release button, which can be pushed partially to pre-focus your shot repeatedly until you capture the desired action.
Continuous shooting mode
It is possible to take bursts of images within one second on some smartphones, but, once again, the quality of the images suffers significantly. Combine the 11 frames per second and 10.1MP of the new (July 2012) Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX7, and you won't miss much, plus your images will be superior.
Battery life
Smartphone battery technology is very good, but its primary purpose is to provide as much talk time as possible; digital photography comes second. Load the Nikon Coolpix L25, which only retails for 89.95, with lithium batteries and you can shoot as many as 680 images.
Shared storage space
If you decide to rely on a smartphone as your only digital photography device, then it must store not only photos and video, but also apps, music and data. Until the next-generation of storage technology is available, it's best to store (and download) photos and video from a compact camera and reserve a smartphone for storage needs related to communications.
Image stabilization
Much like their digital zoom deficiencies, smartphones' digital image stabilization systems also cause poor image quality. Camera manufacturers have been able to give many of their compact cameras optical image stabilization, which, until recently, was only found on DSLR cameras. Because compact cameras' image stabilization systems have advanced so far, these cameras are being outfitted with optical zoom lenses with much longer focal lengths. Now, you can capture sharp, crisp handheld images that weren't previously possible.
Superior filters and effects
The filter apps available for most smartphones still don't compare with those found on the newest compact cameras. Most importantly, you're able to see how the filter or effect will make your photo look on the LCD display before you shoot it.
Built-in editing capabilities
Many compact cameras contain essentially an onboard editing system. You can crop, resize, smooth skin, eliminate red eye and add various effects to be far more creative with your camera than just taking pictures. Not only does the new Sony Cyber-shot WX50 have a 16-MP sensor, 5X optical zoom lens and a burst mode of as much as 10 frames per second, but also it includes sweep panorama, underwater sweep panorama and 3D sweep panorama modes. This $199 compact has a long list of picture effects: HDR painting, miniature and pop color, to name just a few.
Ever wonder: When was cancer discovered? How long has cancer been around? Believe it or not, cancer has afflicted people for several centuries. It is not a new disease. Find out more about the history of cancer.
Origin of the Word "Cancer"
The word "cancer" came from the father of medicine: Hippocrates, a Greek physician. Hippocrates used the Greek words carcinos and carcinoma to describe tumors, thus calling cancer "​karkinos." The Greek terms actually were words that were used to describe a crab, which Hippocrates thought a tumor resembled. Although Hippocrates may have named the disease "cancer," they were certainly not the first to discover the disease. The history of cancer actually begins much earlier.
The First Documented Case of Cancer
The world's oldest documented case of cancer hails from ancient Egypt in 1500 BC. The details were recorded on papyrus, documenting eight cases of tumors occurring on the breast. It was treated by cauterization, which destroyed tissue with a hot instrument called "the fire drill." It was also recorded that there was no treatment for the disease, only palliative treatment.
There is evidence that the ancient Egyptians were able to tell the difference between malignant and benign tumors. According to inscriptions, surface tumors were surgically removed in a similar manner as they are removed today.
What Early Physicians Thought Caused Cancer
In Ancient Greece, much less was known about the human body than is known today, of course. For example, Hippocrates believed that the body was composed of four fluids: blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile. They believed that an excess of black bile in any given site in the body caused cancer. This was the general thought of the cause of cancer for the next 1,400 years. In ancient Egypt, it was believed that cancer was caused by the Gods.
The Birth of the Pathological Autopsy
Autopsies done by William Harvey in 1628 paved the way to learning more about human anatomy and physiology. Blood circulation was discovered, opening the doors for more research on diseases. It wasn't until 1761 that autopsies were performed to research the cause of death in ill patients. Giovanni Morgagni of Padua was the first to do such autopsies.
More Theories on the Causes of Cancer
More About Cancer:
American Cancer Society - History of Cancer.
The Chemical Heritage Foundation -Chemotherapy Timeline.
You can see what my colleague Derek Thompson calls the geography of the American Dream in the map below. It shows where kids have the best and worst chances of moving up from the bottom to the top quintile—and that the South looks more like a banana republic. (Note: darker colors mean there is less mobility, and lighter colors mean that there's more).
So what makes northern California different from North Carolina? Well, we don't know for sure, but we do know what doesn't. The researchers found that local tax and spending decisions explain some, but not too much, of this regional mobility gap. Neither does local school quality, at least judged by class size. Local area colleges and tuition were also non-factors. And so were local labor markets, including their share of manufacturing jobs and those facing cheap, foreign competition. But here's what we know does matter. Just how much isn't clear.
1. Race. The researchers found that the larger the black population, the lower the upward mobility. But this isn't actually a black-white issue. It's a rich-poor one. Low-income whites who live in areas with more black people also have a harder time moving up the income ladder. In other words, it's something about the places that black people live that hurts mobility.
2. Segregation. Something like the poor being isolated—isolated from good jobs and good schools. See, the more black people a place has, the more divided it tends to be along racial and economic lines. The more divided it is, the more sprawl there is. And the more sprawl there is, the less higher-income people are willing to invest in things like public transit.
That leaves the poor in the ghetto, with no way out for their American Dreams. They're stuck with bad schools, bad jobs, and bad commutes if they do manage to find better work. So it should be no surprise that the researchers found that racial segregation, income segregation, and sprawl are all strongly negatively correlated with upward mobility. But what might surprise is that it doesn't matter whether the rich cut themselves off from everybody else. What matters is whether the middle class cut themselves off from the poor.
3. Social Capital. Living around the middle class doesn't just bring better jobs and schools (which help, but probably aren't enough). It brings better institutions too. Things like religious groups, civic groups, and any other kind of group that keeps people from bowling alone. All of these are strongly correlated with more mobility—which is why Utah, with its vast Mormon safety net and services, is one of the best places to be born poor.
4. Inequality. The 1 percent are different from you and me—they have so much more money that they live in a different world. It's a world of $40,000 a year preschool, "nanny consultants," and an endless supply of private tutors. It keeps the children of the super-rich from falling too far, but it doesn't keep the poor from rising (at least into the top quintile). There just wasn't any correlation between the rise and rise of the 1 percent and upward mobility. In other words, it doesn't hurt your chances of making it into the top 80 to 99 percent if the super-rich get even richer.
Remember the 2000s, right after 9/11? We'd get all these trolls on right-wing blogs telling us the Islamic womb would conquer the world.
Even back then we had reason to believe they were, as my grandmother would say, “lying with every tooth in their mouths.” Population statistics aren't very reliable in—no, wait. Population statistics and censuses aren't very reliable anywhere. In the U.S. they get folded, spindled and mutilated, and “invisible uncountable populations” get aggregated even to cities that are losing population, in order to rig the electoral votes. But we in the U.S. are amateurs at this stuff. The true fast and loose goes on in countries where kleptocracies reign, particularly countries which are net recipients of international handouts, most of them calculated per capita. For one, those countries really couldn't count their population, not even if they wanted to really badly. They simply don't have the kinds of efficient apparatuses and traditions of obeying the law that would allow that. Second, if you really believe they try, I have some swamp land in Florida I'll sell you cheeeeep.
We have indications, mostly coming at us through charity organizations and other indirect means, that women in the Islamic world have discovered the rhythm method of contraception on the net, and that this is enough to make a dent in the birth rate. I don't remember the links because these were in conversations ten or fifteen years ago, some of them via email.
The point is that while still out-reproducing the west, this is an academic matter because the birth rate is falling so fast they do not have a chance to overtake the West. As with all immigrants, this seems to be true of those Muslims who immigrate, who, in a couple of generations, have the same birth rate as their neighbors. (Though it should be noted that this too might be inflated, since net recipients of welfare, coming from countries with no respect for the rule of law, often borrow the neighbors' kids to inflate their own brood. This happens in our inner cities too.)
So we used to laugh at the trolls, but at the same time, there was a stab of fear. They were so sure of themselves, so ready to kill for their cause, and the West was so full of doubt, so feeble, so incapable of even adequate resistance. Was the future truly a fundamentalist form of Islam? Some people, particularly on the left, believed and believe it will be. This is part of the reason for their supine acceptance of terrorist acts. As with communism, they are the monkeys who present their behinds to those who would kill them.
But there are reasons to think this is no longer true, if it ever was.
Elon Musk's idea for the hyperloop, a vacuum-sealed train system capable of traveling up to 700 miles per hour, could completely change the way we move around the world — and some people are so excited by it, they'd rather ride the tubes than go to space.
According to a YouGov poll conducted by Liligo, a travel comparison website that provided the results to Inverse exclusively, 17 percent of Americans would choose a one-time trip on the hyperloop over a one-time trip to space. The survey, conducted last month online, asked 1,346 American adults for their views on hyperloop and how it may change their attitudes toward travel. But on the other hand, far more Americans are equally convinced that they'll be long dead before the technology even becomes a reality.
43 percent of Americans surveyed do not think that hyperloop technology will be available in their lifetime. But that doesn't mean they wouldn't use it — if the system were in place today, 37 percent of respondents said they would use it, and only eight percent said they would refuse outright.
The invention promises to slash travel times and link up the world. One day, a hyperloop could transport passengers from San Francisco to Los Angeles in around 30 minutes, a trip that today takes six hours by car. There are currently no publicly-available hyperloop tracks to ride yet, but companies are working on it. SpaceX has held a pod design competition to see which is the best vehicle for use in the tunnels, while Hyperloop One has built the world's first full-scale hyperloop test track in the Nevada desert.
The test structure weighs over two million pounds.
The latter company has been touring the world touting the benefits of hyperloop to audiences. It's currently hosting a global design competition to devise a suitable future route. The competition's 35 semifinalists were announced in January and the finalists are set to be announced in May. The winners will receive a feasibility study to help bring their idea to life, and the company hopes to have three routes in production within the next five years.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Although cost may be a concern when compared to traditional flights, it seems that might be less of an issue than expected. The survey found that 62 percent were willing to pay more to travel by hyperloop if it shaved one hour door-to-door off a three-hour plane trip. All told, 24 percent of those surveyed said they were happy to pay greater than $50 and less than $100, while nine percent were happy to spend over $200 if it meant less time on transport.
“While the hyperloop plans to be as affordable as a bus ticket, people are willing to pay more for time and convenience,” Mario Gavira, managing director of Liligo, tells Inverse. “Hyperloop is going to give us a wider variety of travel options, which clearly Americans are not only ready for but are also willing to pay for.”
Now all we have to do is live to see it.
August 7, 2014
I FIRST want to congratulate Socialist Worker on its ongoing coverage of the Israeli assault on Gaza and the role it is playing in building both immediate and long-term struggle against Israel apartheid, against U.S. imperialism and in solidarity with the Palestinian people.
In particular, the reprinting of the article by Mostafa Omar, "How should revolutionaries view Hamas?", and the editorials (such as "Who's afraid of BDS?") and articles (such as "Is boycotting Israel anti-Semitic?) about the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel, are critical to charting a path forward for our movements.
Relevant to the question raised by your recent editorial "Who's Afraid of BDS?" I want to point your readers' attention to the critical attitude toward BDS by the U.S. socialist group Socialist Alternative--and even more significantly its recognition of the right of the Israeli apartheid state to exist.
Socialist Alternative achieved an important step forward for the U.S. left with member Kshama Sawant's victory in last November's election for Seattle City Council. But its disappointing positions on questions related to Israel and Palestine ought to be scrutinized, especially with Israel engaged in a barbaric military offensive against Gaza.
In an article headlined "Boycotting Israel: The Socialist View" that was published last year on the Socialist Alternative website, Judy Beishon, a member of the British Socialist Party, sister group to Socialist Alternative, wrote:
Israeli Jewish workers genuinely fear for their own security and want to protect the state that was intended to be a safe haven for Jews. This, with the constant barrage of propaganda, unsurprisingly leads them to believe that advocates of the BDS campaign around the world don't understand the situation in Israel. Also, many of the Israeli Jews who are most critical of their government's brutality against the Palestinians at the same time don't see why Israeli workers should be punished for it by suffering the effects of boycotts. So it needs to be taken into account that boycott campaigns can assist the propaganda of the Israeli government domestically, and can create a barrier between workers in Israel and internationally, negative consequences that need to be weighed up against the advantages.
Readers' Views SocialistWorker.org welcomes our readers' contributions to discussion and debate about articles we've published and questions facing the left. Opinions expressed in these contributions don't necessarily reflect those of SW.
Thus, Socialist Alternative and its international co-thinkers, who belong to the Committee for a Workers International, view the BDS campaign at least partially through the lens of the concerns of and consequences for Jewish Israelis.
It should be noted that Jewish Israelis, from rich to poor, explicitly enjoy numerous rights and freedoms that even Palestinian citizens of Israel, not to mention Palestinians living in the Occupied Territories of Gaza and the West Bank, do not--and that fully 95 percent of Jewish Israelis considered the current war on Gaza to be "completely" or "moderately" justified, according to a poll taken in July. (Fully 80 percent think the war is "completely" justified, and less than 4 percent think the Israeli military used excessive firepower in its onslaught.)
SOCIALIST ALTERNATIVE'S attitudes about Israeli Jewish workers is consistent with the political position about the right of Israel to exist maintained historically by the international grouping to which both Socialist Alternative and the Socialist Party in Britain belong, the Committee for a Workers International (CWI). A 2002 article from the CWI's SocialistWorld.net website states:
Genuine Marxists opposed the establishment of Israel, recognizing that it was built on the suffering of the Palestinian people, and moreover would become a bloody trap for the Israeli Jews. However, Israel is now in existence and over time the population have developed a national consciousness. Given this, to deny the Israeli Jews the right to their own nation, is a violation of the right to self-determination. Moreover, it is unachievable given the military backing of U.S. imperialism from the Israeli state.
This belief in the right of Israelis to their own nation informs the CWI's and Socialist Alternative's position on BDS. But it is premised on a fundamentally wrong view of the socialist principle of the right of nations to self-determination. There is no support in the genuine Marxist tradition for the position that a colonial settler state--which is, by definition, an apartheid state, whether it is a Jewish state, in which non-Jews are politically disenfranchised; or the apartheid state of South Africa, in which non-white South Africans were politically disenfranchised--has a right to exist.
Because of its nature of an apartheid state, Israel's right to exist depends on the systematic oppression and slow-motion genocide of the Palestinian people. In 2001, Arjan El Fassed, a human rights activist and cofounder of the Electronic Intifada website, spelled this out in response to New York Times propagandist and Zionist Thomas Friedman:
You seem to be surprised to hear that there are still problems of 1948 to be solved, the most important component of which is the right to return of Palestinian refugees. The Palestinian-Israeli conflict is not just an issue of military occupation and Israel is not a country that was established "normally" and happened to occupy another country in 1967. Palestinians are not struggling for a "state" but for freedom, liberation and equality... In the last few years, and especially during the reign of the Labor Party, Israel showed that it was not even willing to return what it occupied in 1967; that settlements remain, Jerusalem would be under exclusive Israeli sovereignty, and Palestinians would not have an independent state, but would be under Israeli economic domination with Israeli control of borders, land, air, water and sea. Israel was not thinking of a "state," but of "separation." The value of separation is measured in terms of the ability of Israel to keep the Jewish state Jewish, and not to have a Palestinian minority that could have the opportunity to become a majority at some time in the future. If this takes place, it would force Israel to either become a secular democratic or bi-national state, or to turn into a state of apartheid not only de facto, but also de jure.
El Fassed wrote their "memo" to Friedman as if it was penned by African National Congress leader Nelson Mandela (a satirical nod at Friedman's own columns written as mock letters from one world leader to another)--and they thus rightly likened the Palestinian struggle for "freedom, liberation and equality" to the South African struggle for freedom.
They were absolutely correct to insist that Israel was not a nation "established 'normally,'" and that its internal logic is premised on apartheid--on "separation." The genocidal hysteria exhibited by the Israeli military in its war on Gaza, and shared by the overwhelming majority of the Jewish Israeli population, is not an accident, but a product of this internal logic. (For more on this matter, see journalist Max Blumenthal's book Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel, as well as British socialist Richard Seymour's recent article "How much fascism?")
THIS IS the context--Socialist Alternative's critical positions about BDS and its recognition of the right of the Israeli apartheid state to exist--needed to understand Kshama Sawant's recent statement about the Gaza assault.
Sawant's statement was criticized by pro-Israel Democrats on the City Council for its condemnation of the war on Gaza. But supporters of Palestinian liberation should take issue with their criticisms of the Palestinian organization Hamas that has been blamed by Israel for "provoking" the savage assault.
The original draft of Sawant's statement was reported as including the following: "We also condemn the indiscriminate rocket attacks by Hamas against the civilian population living in Israel. We stand in solidarity with the ordinary people of Israel and their desire for security, and in particular with the Israeli anti-war movement. We stand in solidarity with the ordinary people of both Israel in their desire for security."
The statement from Sawant published by Socialist Alternative excluded the language about "standing in solidarity" with Israelis, but did notably include the following: "Rocket attacks by Hamas against Israelis also must be condemned. When they hurt anyone, they hurt innocent civilians and give an excuse for Israel's ruling class to further unleash their war machine."
Even while correctly recognizing the disproportionate force used by the Israeli military and condemning the assault on Gaza, Sawant's statement accepts the logic of liberal and not-so-liberal defenses of Israel that Hamas rockets provoked the onslaught--and that the rockets are merely fired in a conventional military conflict, rather than as an act of resistance by an oppressed people facing much better armed enemy.
Socialists should respond differently--by defending the right of the oppressed to resist the violence of the oppressor. We should show our solidarity by rallying around the call made by Palestinians themselves for an international campaign to boycott, divest and sanction Israel, just as apartheid South Africa faced a similar campaign decades ago.
We can't show that solidarity if we "weigh up" the concerns of Jewish Israelis--or accept that the right of Palestinians to self-determination is limited in any way by the right of Israel to exist as an apartheid state.
It took 10 offers and nearly a year for Danielle Civello to snag their Livermore home in the East Bay's hyper-competitive homebuying market. By the time they were done, Civello said, they knew almost every trick in the book.
Being willing to go up in price, acting quickly, getting pre-approved for a loan, writing a heartfelt letter and catering to the seller's needs all contributed to their eventual success in October, they said.
Civello is not alone. Buyers competing over the short supply of homes on the market are using every technique available to get their offers accepted. First-time homebuyers in particular, with their relatively limited budgets, must be on the qui vive to succeed.
“The house we bought — I saw it in the morning, arranged for my husband to see it that evening, and we put in an offer the next morning,” Civello said. “When I saw it, I thought, ‘It's out of our budget,' but we loved the house” and decided to up the ante.
The seller was in a hurry to close the sale, so the quick action by Danielle and their husband, Mike, meshed with that goal. However, some sellers might hope to rent the house after selling it, or might only accept offers at a set time. The key is to learn how to accommodate the seller, they said.
Real-estate agents and mortgage lenders said Civello's tactics are sound.
Price is the predominant consideration
“It's a combination of things that all add up,” said Tania Balazs, an agent with Marvin Gardens Real Estate, a brokerage that focuses on properties in Berkeley, Albany, Kensington, Richmond and El Cerrito.
Balazs said price is typically the predominant consideration.
“The higher the price you can afford, the higher your chances are of getting (the property),” they said, a point echoed by other agents.
“Unless you have unlimited money, you are not necessarily getting your dream house,” said Deidre Joyner, an agent with Red Oak Realty. “Price is the biggest factor.”
Joyner said a common ploy is for agents to underprice properties in hopes of starting a bidding war. They tell their clients not to focus as much on the listing price but rather to consider how much comparable neighboring properties sold for recently.
Jennifer Lucas, an agent at Pacific Union Orinda, said, “The standard is that you need to come in 20% over the asking price,” though they don't necessarily endorse the tactic.
Getting pre-approved for a loan is another standard tactic.
After looking at 80 properties, Pierre Turpin successfully bid on a house in Berkeley's Lorin neighborhood near the Ashby BART station, closing the sale three weeks ago.
Turpin agreed that price was the ‘number one' factor, adding that another critical factor was the ability to get financing.
“I worked with a lender who underwrote me,” said Turpin.
“You want to be pre-approved for a loan,” said Nicole Donn, a mortgage lender and branch manager of U.S. Financial Mortgage Lending in El Sobrante.
“'Pre-qualified' means I've just looked at your paperwork, but haven't put the loan through,” Donn said. “'Pre-approved' means we put our computer through to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac's and got approval.”
Getting pre-approved is a rigorous process, involving filling out a loan application, submitting to a credit check and showing proof of employment, among other things.
With pre-approval, “the buyer has submitted pay stubs, bank statements, tax returns, and it is almost certain the loan will go through” unless some major crisis occurs, such as the buyer losing their or their job, or the property not appraising for the sale price, Donn said.
“If you are not paying cash, it is essential,” they said. “If you are paying cash, you should have proof of funds” such as a bank statement to get your offer accepted.
Waiving contingencies a common tactic
One of the most common tactics is waiving approval of contingencies, such as the appraisal contingency. Agents said this is a major factor in getting an offer accepted, but cautioned that it's dangerous.
Balazs noted, “I don't recommend waiving approval in all circumstances.”
With appraisals, this is because if the property appraises for less than the purchase price, the buyer must have the funds to make a bigger down-payment, they said. In extreme cases the buyer might have to walk away, losing their or their deposit.
“Only do it if the buyer has the financial means to make up the difference,” Balazs said.
Waiving the appraisal, loan and inspection contingencies must be determined on a case-by-case basis, they said. Because buyers are up against heavy competition, they may be willing to waive contingencies to help get their offer accepted, but the consequences could be less than optimal.
Waiving the inspection contingency means that even if defects requiring costly repairs are discovered, the buyer cannot back out or demand a price reduction.
Another approach is to introduce prospective buyers to the seller in innovative ways.
“I do a video submission,” said Lucas at Pacific Union Orinda. “It's the best way to capture who that buyer is. The seller can take a look at the family, the people who are going to be living there.”
The tactic worked for Lucas' clients Josh and Elizabeth Brown, whose offer on a Pleasanton home was accepted Easter Sunday.
The two propped up their iPhone, started recording, then settled on the couch with their 17-month-old daughter “and let them (the sellers) know why we loved the house and the neighborhood and how important it was to us to be in a neighborhood that was safe for our daughter,” they said.
The sellers watched the video “and it was the deciding factor,” Elizabeth Brown said.
The house listed for $938,000. “We got it for $950,000,” they said. “We were ecstatic.”
Tactics like video messages, or the more common approach of writing a letter to the seller, are seldom the decisive factor, experts said, though if all other things are equal, they could tip the scales.
“Sellers who lived in the house and would love to see a sweet little family move in” are apt to be swayed, “but if it's a flipper, they just want the highest price,” Donn said.
Civello said they submit a personal letter with every bid.
“We are human, and as much as we want to believe money is what drives everything, our hearts do, too,” they said. “We said we were looking forward to the day we could have the whole family over for Thanksgiving with our two sons.”
They moved into their new house in October.
“So we did get to have our Thanksgiving,” Civello said.
Become a member Berkeleyside relies on reader support so we can remain free to read for everyone in Berkeley. Become a member and be part of the future of independent, local journalism. BECOME A MEMBER TODAY
‘Last-minute questions were raised' over state receiving potassium acetate instead of potassium chloride but new execution date set for November
Oklahoma governor Mary Fallin on Wednesday issued a stay of execution for Richard Glossip, the second time in less than a month that Glossip has come within hours of lethal injection before last-minute intervention.
Them order, raising concerns over one of the drugs the state intended to use in its lethal cocktail, came an hour after the US denied Glossip's final court appeal alleging new evidence of their innocence.
Fallin said the state had received the wrong drug to use as part of its three-drug lethal injection protocol and that the department of corrections was in possession of potassium acetate instead of potassium chloride. Potassium chloride is the third drug administered in the state's lethal injection and is intended to stop the heart.
Oklahoma death row inmate's supporters: 'He's just such a good man' Read more
Fallin set a new execution date for 37 days from now, on 6 November. It will be Glossip's fourth scheduled execution date this year: one in January was called off when the US supreme court agreed to take up their challenge of another of the state's execution drugs, and on 16 September they were hours from death when the Oklahoma court of criminal appeals issued a two-week stay so it could weigh new evidence of their innocence.
Outside the prison, sister Helen Prejean, a catholic nun who has long maintained Glossip's innocence, spoke to them on speakerphone. Reporters there quoted them saying to Glossip: “Richard, honey, you're alive.”
Glossip said the extra 37 days gives their legal team “time to think. That's great.”
“I'll take as many days as I can get,” they said.
Oklahoma has two executions scheduled next month. Benjamin Cole is scheduled to die on 7 October, and John Grant on 28 October. Both were Glossip's co-defendants in the US supreme court case challenging midazolam. Terri Watkins, a department of corrections spokesperson, said the department had not yet sought a stay of execution in either case.
Glossip, who has maintained their innocence, was convicted twice of orchestrating the beating death of Barry Van Treese, the owner of the Oklahoma City motel where Glossip worked. But Glossip claims they were framed by Justin Sneed, who is serving a life sentence and was the state's key witness against Glossip in two separate trials.
They had earlier challenged the constitutionality of another drug in the cocktail, midazolam, which last year was used in the botched execution of Oklahoma inmate Clayton Lockett, who writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes before dying. The US supreme court ruled against Glossip's challenge in June.
Oklahoma, like many other death penalty states, keeps secret the source of its execution drugs. In Virginia, a federal court on Wednesday postponed the execution of Alfredo Prieto while their lawyers challenged the source of pentobarbitol which had been given to the state by the Texas department of corrections.
In Georgia, Kelly Gissendaner was executed early Wednesday morning after the US supreme court rejected their claim that they would be subject to cruel and unusual punishment without knowing the source of the drugs the state would use to put them to death. Them earlier scheduled execution was called off at the last minute when the drug, pentobarbitol, appeared “cloudy”.
Dale Baich, who argued Glossip's midazolam challenge at the US supreme court, said they were concerned about how the wrong drug ended up in the hands of the department of corrections.
“Today's hastily abandoned plans show what happens when states carry out executions in secrecy with unqualified execution team members and no public oversight,” Baich said. “The same extreme secrecy and culture of carelessness that led to that horrific botched execution also led to a moment today, where, apparently, Oklahoma once again realized something was wrong.”
The state's attorney general's office was angry about the delay. “It is unclear why, and extremely frustrating to the attorney general, that the department of corrections did not have the correct drugs to carry out the execution. Our hearts break for the family of Barry Van Treese for having to endure yet another delay,” attorney general Scott Pruitt said.
“However, the most sobering and important duty for the state is to carry out the punishment of death.”
Glossip's family had been visibly upset at hearing of the supreme court's refusal to issue a reprieve, local media reported. Attorney Don Knight told the crowd: “There's nothing more we can do ... Everyone knows. The world knows that Richard Glossip is innocent.”
Upon hearing of the say, the family turned to celebration and gathered to pray.
Liliana Segura (@LilianaSegura) Family praying, thanking God for the stay. "You answered our prayers." #Glossip pic.twitter.com/0jhnStZEHh
In their statement, the governor issued their “sincerest apologies” to the Van Treese family, “who has waited so long”.
A supporter of Van Treese, Glossip's boss, called the stay “horrible” according to a local CBS reporter. “Unthinkable emotional turmoil heaped on the Van Treese family to wait till last minute.”
About 30 people had also gathered in front of the Oklahoma governor's mansion to protest the execution.
The protesters held signs that read “Don't Kill For Me, Stop Executions” and “Save Richard Glossip”.
Just hours before Glossip was originally to be put to death on 16 September the Oklahoma court of criminal appeals granted a two-week reprieve to review their claims of new evidence in the case, including another inmate's assertion that they overheard Sneed admits to framing Glossip. The court ruled 3-2 on Monday that the evidence did not substantially alter the narrative on which they were convicted.
Glossip's supporters have waged a high-profile campaign alleging their innocence.
A letter from Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano sent to Governor Fallin on behalf of Pope Francis urges them to commute the death sentence of Richard Glossip, who is set to be executed on Wednesday afternoon. The letter from the pope's representative in the US is dated 19 September, but was released on Wednesday by the governor's office.
The letter said a commutation “would give clearer witness to the value and dignity of every person's life”.
Billionaire investor Sir Richard Branson also released a letter in support of Glossip on Wednesday, buying an ad in the Oklahoman newspaper, which has advocated in support of the execution.
“This is not about the rights and wrongs of the death penalty. This is about every person deserving a fair trial,” Branson wrote. “Richard Glossip has not received this.”
“Your state is about to execute a man whose guilt has not been proven beyond a reasonable doubt.”
HomeAid Orange County spent more than a year searching for a building to turn into an emergency shelter that could serve as a safe, temporary haven for homeless families with children.
The organization scoured Orange County before finding the right place in a light industrial area, close to public transit and near the Orange Police Department: an empty building whose owner held indoor workouts for their daughter's softball team.
HomeAid bought the Citrus Street building for $1.7 million and began converting it into a shelter in September.
On Thursday, July 20, the newly christened Family CareCenter on Citrus Street will be officially dedicated and ready to begin housing an expected 10 to 15 families at a time who will sleep in semi-private quarters where batting cages once stood.
Construction continues in what will be the kitchen area for HomeAid's Family CareCenter in Orange. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
The new HomeAid Family CareCenter that in Orange will be about to house 10-15 families per day. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Bricks with donor names engraved on them line the entrance for the new HomeAid Family CareCenter in Orange. (Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
Edward Cruz, left, and their coworkers, put together a playhouse for kids that will be staying at HomeAid's Family CareCenter in Orange. The shelter is specifically for families with children. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
Scott Larson, executive director of HomeAid Orange County, stands in will be the front lobby of the new HomeAid Family CareCenter in Orange. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
Luis Castanon, left, and Jerry Silva install acoustic panels that also serve as decorative wall art, in what will be the living quarters of HomeAid's Family CareCenter in Orange. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
Scott Larson, executive director of HomeAid Orange County, stands in front of the new Family CareCenter in Orange. (Photo by Steven Georges, Contributing Photographer)
The CareCenter is believed to be the first homeless shelter of any type established in an Orange County city under what is known as the SB2 zoning permit process, a designation under a state law enacted in 2007 to encourage and ease the creation of emergency shelters.
Families – defined as at least one adult with a child under the age of 18 – could begin stays of up to 45 days starting on Friday. The shelter, to be operated by Mercy House, will not take walk-up clients; residents will be referred by agencies that work with homeless families or come through the county's Coordinated Entry System. Preference will be given to families with ties to Orange.
Advocates of the homeless and city officials hope the shelter will be a bridge to more stable housing for families who may be sleeping in tents, living out of their vehicles, or can no longer afford a motel room with no place else to go.
The need is illustrated by a one-time survey conducted in May: Over a three-day period, a collaborative group of eight nonprofits identified 189 families around the county that were either homeless or needed housing assistance of some sort. CareCenter offers the most beds, up to 100, among only a handful of emergency shelter options for homeless families.
Orange Mayor Theresa “Tita” Smith, executive director of Catholic Charities and a social worker by training, said they can attest to the number of families in Orange County who find themselves without a place to live — typically because of some crisis.
“It's usually an emergency situation,” Smith said, citing such calamities as job loss, health issues and disabilities, divorce or the death of a breadwinner.
“I guess I can't emphasize enough that when families are on the street it's not because they are flaky,” said Smith, who sits on the county's Commission to End Homelessness.
HomeAid, a charitable arm of the Building Industry Association of Orange County, is working with a $1.3 million grant from the Children & Families Commission of Orange County to help pay for program operation and maintenance. A $5 million campaign to cover the cost of purchase and renovation has raised about one-third of the goal, including a $1 million contribution from Pacific Life Foundation.
HomeAid sees the 10,000-square-foot emergency shelter as a gateway for families to get off the streets and connect to other resources with the hope of stabilizing their precarious situation. It is outfitted with such touches as a kitchen and dining area where volunteers will serve meals or families can make breakfast and snacks, a self-serve laundry room, and a playhouse and computer lab for children.
Residents must vacate the premises during the day, but can leave belongings behind in their sleeping quarters and utilize lockers for whatever might need to be more secure.
“We want them to feel welcome,” said Scott Larson, executive director of HomeAid Orange County and also a member of the Commission to End Homelessness. “We want them to feel their needs are taken care of, then figure out that next step.”
The next step would be to move into housing, which could mean working with programs such as those that provide temporary rent subsidies or the longer-term permanent supportive housing. Family CareCenter is turning to the expertise of the Irvine-based nonprofit Families Forward, which has focused for years on helping families like those the shelter will serve.
Families Forward will assess each family's situation — including income, credit reports, tenancy history and support network — to determine what they can afford and other options. Families Forward has trained “housing navigators” whose full-time job is to develop relationships with landlords and locate potential rental units. The nonprofit also owns some units that can used as bridge housing.
The bottom line is coming up with a housing plan that will be sustainable, said Elizabeth Andrade, director of housing and program services for Families Forward: “We don't want to move them out after 45 days and then have them return to homelessness.”
Features | 08.07.14 | 15:06 Motherland's Scent: Syrian-Armenian uses Armenia-grown plants, fruits for organic soap production NAZIK ARMENAKYAN
ArmeniaNow
Practicing the world's most ancient techniques still used in the times of Queen Cleopatra, the have been running organic soap production for already a year using plants and fruit from their motherland.
“After studying old technologies I realized that they are better than the new ones. One thing is sure – we should not harm the nature or force it to produce oil, you must give it time, like I do, which is the secret of my job,” says the 38-year-old business person.
The small studio turns into a magical room from a fairytale – a one-liter vessel of oil with chamomile and rosehip on the bottom, some dry plants, already ready soap, vessels and containers of different sizes and shapes. Soap is a handmade product.
Shant shares their story. “I get very tired, I do everything alone – from picking up flowers in the mountains up till wrapping – but I do it all with pleasure. My daughter helps me with wrapping. I can turn it into a mechanical production, but this is the right way, in old times girls squeezed grapes with feet, and it was surely more delicious, the same works here.”
 They are a promotion and marketing specialist. They came to Armenia before the war doing photography in the beginning, later on establishing an advertising agency. Later, they returned to Aleppo again to their parents. They tell that already in Aleppo they tried to produce various types of soap. The war started and Shant moved to Jordan. Here they started soap production with their friend participating in exhibitions.
“And one day I received a call from Jordan's Royal Palace. I was told that the princess tried one of my soaps and wanted to invite me to the palace. We went there with my friend and had a conversation, we were granted medals, gifts, and a quality certificate. It was then that I realized that I can actually make good soap, why not think of it as a serious business. I had studied and knew that Syrian Armenians are given business loans in Armenia, so I decided to move to Armenia and begin the business,” Shant says.
They came to Armenia in 2013, submitted their business plan to the small and medium-sized enterprise support center and that was approved for $12,000 loan at a four percent annual interest rate. Today the Syrian-Armenian business person's “Beauty Product” has an EU license, soon it will be granted a license from Cyprus where their product participated in a competition and gathered the necessary points as a result of examination conducted by 26 countries. They have customers from Hong Kong, Cyprus, France, Russia, the soap has reached the U.S. as well.
In a month they produce about 8,000 pieces of soap. They prepare soaps of chamomile, rosehip, nettle, cucumber, parsley, carrot, mint, grape seeds and rose. They say that in the mountains of Armenia they can find flowers and plants that grow in the best conditions for organic plants. They study the plant, consults with dermatologists and pharmacists. The finest work for them was to make a rose soap.
“I could finally understand that flower's language, made rose oil, the same one Cleopatra used. They used to apply the oil on pigeon's wings and let it fly in their palace. The soaps I make are not only for hygiene purposes, but on each wrapper the soap's healing and other qualities are mentioned,” Shant says. “I consider myself a mini-business person who makes their first steps toward small business. To enter Armenian marker you must present something very original, thanks God, I was successful – people appreciate organic products here.”
They explain that the world moves toward using organic food and household products with no chemical additions, Armenia as well. “Beauty Products” contain no artificial components, not even colorings, the base of each soap is olive oil followed by coconut and flax oil. To produce one type of soap you need from a month to 40 days.
“Cucumber, carrot, parsley soaps are good for pulling up wrinkles, rosehip soothes the muscles, it is also good for burns and wounds, grape seed soap is against dandruff, eye fatigue. I will soon start producing natural and organic creams, shampoos and other means, I am planning to make baby soap from sour-cream,” Shant says.
They compare their work to a kitchen and mentions that it is important who is making it.
“Two women prepare the same dish, one is tasty, the other one – not so much. The same is here. The biggest secret is in the oils I use, they play the important part,” they say. “The soap is sold on buy.am online store. Currently only they distribute my products, soon the soaps will be sold at pharmacies as well.”
The problem is with exporting the soaps.
“Whether you are sending a sample or in batches, for some reason you are taxed similarly. I distribute one soap for 500 AMD (about $1.25), but even if I send one sample to, let's say, Hong Kong, it costs four dollars, but for how much is the person going to sell it over there? Nobody will import soap from here for the sake of one dollar only,” Shant explains.
They confess that they get offended at the locals' expressions like “We are running away from here, why are you coming, it is mafia here, and this and that…” “I am not saying all that does not exist, but I peacefully work here. And finally Armenia is the safest place for me, there is warmth in here which is very important for me. I might have had more money outside, but no warmth like this,” they say.
When Shant Khalaian, a Syrian-Armenian business person, opens the door of their own studio they feel the wild flavor of the mountains – the warmth of the mountain sun intertwined in the leaves of rosehip, chamomile and nettle.Practicing the world's most ancient techniques still used in the times of Queen Cleopatra, the have been running organic soap production for already a year using plants and fruit from their motherland.“After studying old technologies I realized that they are better than the new ones. One thing is sure – we should not harm the nature or force it to produce oil, you must give it time, like I do, which is the secret of my job,” says the 38-year-old business person.The small studio turns into a magical room from a fairytale – a one-liter vessel of oil with chamomile and rosehip on the bottom, some dry plants, already ready soap, vessels and containers of different sizes and shapes. Soap is a handmade product.Shant shares their story. “I get very tired, I do everything alone – from picking up flowers in the mountains up till wrapping – but I do it all with pleasure. My daughter helps me with wrapping. I can turn it into a mechanical production, but this is the right way, in old times girls squeezed grapes with feet, and it was surely more delicious, the same works here.”He is a promotion and marketing specialist. They came to Armenia before the war doing photography in the beginning, later on establishing an advertising agency. Later, they returned to Aleppo again to their parents. They tell that already in Aleppo they tried to produce various types of soap. The war started and Shant moved to Jordan. Here they started soap production with their friend participating in exhibitions.“And one day I received a call from Jordan's Royal Palace. I was told that the princess tried one of my soaps and wanted to invite me to the palace. We went there with my friend and had a conversation, we were granted medals, gifts, and a quality certificate. It was then that I realized that I can actually make good soap, why not think of it as a serious business. I had studied and knew that Syrian Armenians are given business loans in Armenia, so I decided to move to Armenia and begin the business,” Shant says.He came to Armenia in 2013, submitted their business plan to the small and medium-sized enterprise support center and that was approved for $12,000 loan at a four percent annual interest rate. Today the Syrian-Armenian business person's “Beauty Product” has an EU license, soon it will be granted a license from Cyprus where their product participated in a competition and gathered the necessary points as a result of examination conducted by 26 countries. They have customers from Hong Kong, Cyprus, France, Russia, the soap has reached the U.S. as well.In a month they produce about 8,000 pieces of soap. They prepare soaps of chamomile, rosehip, nettle, cucumber, parsley, carrot, mint, grape seeds and rose. They say that in the mountains of Armenia they can find flowers and plants that grow in the best conditions for organic plants. They study the plant, consults with dermatologists and pharmacists. The finest work for them was to make a rose soap.“I could finally understand that flower's language, made rose oil, the same one Cleopatra used. They used to apply the oil on pigeon's wings and let it fly in their palace. The soaps I make are not only for hygiene purposes, but on each wrapper the soap's healing and other qualities are mentioned,” Shant says. “I consider myself a mini-business person who makes their first steps toward small business. To enter Armenian marker you must present something very original, thanks God, I was successful – people appreciate organic products here.”He explains that the world moves toward using organic food and household products with no chemical additions, Armenia as well. “Beauty Products” contain no artificial components, not even colorings, the base of each soap is olive oil followed by coconut and flax oil. To produce one type of soap you need from a month to 40 days.“Cucumber, carrot, parsley soaps are good for pulling up wrinkles, rosehip soothes the muscles, it is also good for burns and wounds, grape seed soap is against dandruff, eye fatigue. I will soon start producing natural and organic creams, shampoos and other means, I am planning to make baby soap from sour-cream,” Shant says.He compares their work to a kitchen and mentions that it is important who is making it.“Two women prepare the same dish, one is tasty, the other one – not so much. The same is here. The biggest secret is in the oils I use, they play the important part,” they say. “The soap is sold on buy.am online store. Currently only they distribute my products, soon the soaps will be sold at pharmacies as well.”The problem is with exporting the soaps.“Whether you are sending a sample or in batches, for some reason you are taxed similarly. I distribute one soap for 500 AMD (about $1.25), but even if I send one sample to, let's say, Hong Kong, it costs four dollars, but for how much is the person going to sell it over there? Nobody will import soap from here for the sake of one dollar only,” Shant explains.He confesses that they get offended at the locals' expressions like “We are running away from here, why are you coming, it is mafia here, and this and that…” “I am not saying all that does not exist, but I peacefully work here. And finally Armenia is the safest place for me, there is warmth in here which is very important for me. I might have had more money outside, but no warmth like this,” they say.
I've been watching cable news all morning and one of the things that strikes me is that they don't seem to grasp what the McCain/Iseman story is about. If this was just about Botox McCain getting lucky with some skinny lobbyist the campaign would probably be delighted to have it in the headlines to combat the "he's too old" meme that's gathering steam. It's not. It's about their relationship with a telecom lobbyist who boasted about their ability to professionally influence them in business situations, and whose lobbying interests McCain has taken clear action to help. It undermines all their "straight talk" crap about not taking money from lobbyists, which is why the campaign staff took action to keep them away from McCain:
John Weaver, a former top strategist and now an informal campaign adviser, said in an e-mail message that they arranged the meeting after “a discussion among the campaign leadership” about them “Our political messaging during that time period centered around taking on the special interests and placing the nation's interests before either personal or special interest,” Mr. Weaver continued. “Ms. Iseman's involvement in the campaign, it was felt by us, could undermine that effort.” Mr. Weaver added that the brief conversation was only about “her conduct and what they allegedly had told people, which made its way back to us.” They declined to elaborate.
It's Weaver's word versus McCain's word at this point. According to TNR:
[Weaver] adds that they talk with the McCain campaign every day, and that the campaign knew about their contact with the Times immediately after it happened. Weaver emphasizes that their only concern about Iseman was that they allegedly had been bragging around town about their influence with McCain (which is also how I read their quotes) and nothing more.
McCain, meanwhile, claims they knew nothing about Weaver's encounter with Iseman:
Mr. McCain said they knew nothing about an account in The Times from John Weaver, a former top strategist and now an informal campaign adviser, who told the newspaper that they met with Ms. Iseman at Union Station at the time of Mr. McCain's first run for president in 1999 and told them to stay away from the senator. “I don't know anything about it,” Mr. McCain said. “Since it was in The New York Times, I don't take it at face value.”
Reallly? That's pretty amazing, considering the campaign has been trying to spike the story since December.
The whole thing makes McCain look bad, like some old mouthpiece they wheel out to harumph about special interests and terra terra terra but doesn't really get much say about who he's allowed to see or what's going on.
All this pearl clutching on cable news, accusing the Times of "poor sourcing" in a sex scandal really misses several key points, not the least of which is that the part of the story they're obsessing about (alleged sex) isn't really the story at all.
Muslim Child Brides Pedophile Weddings
A Photo Gallery of Islamic Pedophilia
Ahreeman X
June 30, 2015
Muslim Child Bride with the banner of Muhammad on their shoulders, horrifically cries while their ISIS militant husband announces their wedding on the microphone. ISIS Banner of Allah and Muhammad waves at the background. ISIS militant good Muslims smile and observe at the background. Welcome to ISIS Syria, land of Islam! Islam, Religion of Peace! Aren't you sick and tired of that lie? Aren't you sick and tired of that statement made on daily basis by the American and Euro-Pee-On (European) tired ass “Old Fart Liberals”, politically correct “Liberal Biased Media” and corrupt “Western Liberal Politicians”? In fact, they should revise that statement to: Islam, Religion of Piss, Oops, Allah forgive me thus I have sinned! What I meant was “Islam, Religion of Peace” indeed!
Muslim Child Bride with the banner of Muhammad on their shoulders, weeps and horrified. Bride cries while their ISIS militant husband smiles and announces their wedding on the microphone. ISIS Banner waves at the background containing holy words (There is No God but Allah and Muhammad is their Prophet). ISIS militant good Muslims enjoy the festivities at the background. Welcome to ISIS Syria, the land of Allah and True Islam!
This is the future of the ISIS Muslim Child Brides, well indoctrinated Jihadi Muslim Terrorists awaiting to slaughter the infidels and blow up their cities. This is Muslim Child Brides bright future to look forward to! ISIS Muslim Child Brides waving machineguns and pointing with index finger to Allah. ISIS Banner at the background reads: There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is their prophet. Welcome to the land of Allah, ISIS, Syria.
Future Arab Muslim Child Bride during Namaz (Salath) Muslim Prayer asking Allah to grant them wish!
Child: Allah, please grant me a husband who will not beat me hard and hurt me bad during the jenabat (Islamic Halaal Sex)! Islam, a History of Crimes Islamic history is a history of crimes starting from the Golden Age of Islam and Muhammad himself! Islam has a history of rape, murder, pillage, slavery, theft, lies, deceit, incest, polygamy and indeed pedophilia. We do not want to write about all the crimes committed by Muslims since Muhammad, because that will be a 6 volume book series all by itself; however, we will now only speak of the Islamic Pedophilia which started by no one else but the great Prophet of Islam, Muhammad himself!
Muslim Child Bride Terrorist with Suicide Bomber Husband who participated in Moscow bombing at Russia Pedophilia, a 1400 Years Old Islamic Tradition Muhammad had tens of wives and concubines but obviously marrying in to money (Khadijah), female Christian sex slaves (Maria), Jew Forced Concubines (Safiyah), Incest with daughter in law (Zeynab) and all other perversions were not enough for the prophet of Allah, so obviously Muhammad had to also try pedophilia and marry a 6 year old child (Aisha) to fulfill theirs never ending sexual appetite! Prophet Muhammad and Aisha their Child Bride Cartoons (Best Of)
Prophet Muhammad with Aisha their 6 year old Muslim child bride sitting on their lap.
Islamic Pedophilia has a legend starting from Muhammad era until this day and it is well practiced all over the Islamic nations. If it wasn't because of governments which passed laws against pedophilia, the complete and combine Muslim nations would still legally considering the marriage of an adult male with a female child as young as 9 years old, judicially legal and Islamically Halaal! The Islamic Holy Texts are very clear about this issue. According to Hadith, Muhammad married Aisha at age 6; however, waited until they were 9 to have sex with them So even though Muslims believe that Muhammad waited 3 years to have sex with Aisha, that does not cut it for me! I believe that old pervert ripped that 6 year old child apart at the first night of marriage! So basically it is Halaal in Islam for a 53 year old man to marry a 6 year old child and Muslims do not see anything wrong with this!
Prophet Muhammad, the holy prophet of Islam with Aisha their 6 year old Muslim child bride. Neo Islamic Pedophilia In today's Islamic nations, specifically in small towns and little villages, marriage to underage children is a fact. Muslim men do not care to do it under the law of the land or go around the law and do it, but as long as they can do it, then they will do it. This action is blessed by the husband, families, clerics and Allah!
Muslim Child Bride with Arab Husband at Yemen Islamic Pedophilia is a fact in today's world and the only people who still deny it, are the “Islamic Apologists” (so-called Moderate Muslims) and of course “Western Liberals”! The Western Liberal Biased Media may deny it but the reality is that little girls have been raped by Islam and Muslims for 1400 years and ongoing!
Muslim Child Brides with their Arab Husband at Yemen Muhammad, an epileptic, delusional, megalomaniac, murderer, rapist, incestuous, polygamous, pedophile, bandit, thief had started the tradition of the Islamic Pedophilia and after 1400 years, the tradition goes on strong, simply because little girls and children are the most vulnerable and the easiest targets for the adult Muslim men to manipulate, oppress, control, enslave and own! Muslim Male Chauvinist Pigs do their ultimate sadistic sexual fantasies by raping little girls, yet put an Islamically Correct Marriage Brand on it to make it all religiously legal!
Muslim Child Bride with Arab Husband and family at Yemen
Muslim Child Bride with their Arab Husband at Yemen Cesspool of Islam Islam is a cesspool full of sexual infections of female battery, female slavery, incest and polygamy; however, the greatest sexual degeneration and perversion in Islam is an infectious tumor full of puss named pedophilia.
L – R: Muslim Child Bride (2nd wife), Imam Husband, and Imam's 1st wife at Indonesia. Imam is a “Moderate Muslim”! Islam is a religion created by an ill mind (Muhammad) in the name of an ill sadist entity (Allah) taught by the ill (Imams) to and for the ill (Muslims) to live and prosper in a cesspool pond full of puss, going round and round in the Islamic Quicksand Swamp until they drown in their own infections of the minds!
Muslim Child Bride with their Imam Husband at Indonesia
Muslim Child Bride with their Imam Husband, a holy man and a “Moderate Muslim” at Indonesia
Muslim Child Bride riding their bike before marriage, Indonesia How to Break Free from Islam? The civilized world, industrial revolution and the information age have passed the Muslims by and they are still living at 7th Century AD. No one is responsible for Muslims' backward and miserable lives except themselves. No one can change and better their lives except themselves! The only way that Muslims can change their Status Quo is by historical education, stepping out of denial, and sheer will power; unfortunately, the Islamic Bubble of Denial, is hard to break and the majority of Muslims are too superstitious, ignorant and weak to even make a crack on this bubble! “Self Educate” yourselves to true Islam: Islam Index
Muslim Child Bride and Afghan Husband, Afghanistan
So the Muslims will continue suffering and living miserable lives; Islamic Nations will continue blaming the West for their problems; Buffoons will continue killing cartoonists for drawing cartoons; Islamists will continue threatening the civilized world and little girls will continue getting raped, until Muslims get Islam out of their lives and seize being Muslims, simply because Islam is not reformable and it must be destroyed. Quran must be put on the old and dusty shelf of the books, full of bad ideas! Muslims are victims of their own circumstances caused by their ignorance!
Muslim Child Bride and their Afghan Husband (old enough to be their grandfather) carrying the legacy of Prophet Muhammad at Afghanistan
Muslim Child Bride and husband at India
Muslim Child Brides forced group marriage at India
Muslim Child Brides and Hamas Arab Militant husbands group marriage, Palestine
Muslim Child Brides (waving Palestinian flags) and Hamas Arab Militant husbands group marriage, Palestine
Muslim Child Brides (waving Palestinian flags) and Hamas Arab Militant husbands walking down the aisles at the group marriage, Palestine
Muslim Child Brides at their group marriage with Hamas Arab Militants, Palestine
Wondering what would their future be?
Muslim Child Bride holding their husband's hand (old enough to be their father) at the Hamas group marriage at Palestine. The Palestinian flags are waved but why are they so gloomy at their big wedding night?!
Muslim Child Brides and their Arab grooms group marriage at Palestine
Muslim Child Bride with Imam, Britain
Imam knows best. Imam justifies Prophet Muhammad's Pedophilia!
Muslim Child Bride, Britain
Muslim Child Brides Jihadi Doll: “Suicide Bomber Fatimah Doll”
Q: What do Muslim Child Brides play with?
A: Femi-Jihadi Dolls of course!
Don't forget to pick up your “Suicide Bomber Fatimah Doll” at the Islamic Toy Store!
Child Bride Magazine
Are you a Muslim Child Bride in state of Islamic mind? Then this is the perfect magazine for you! Not to worry, it is all Halaal and Islamically correct! Enjoy reading …
Future Muslim Child Bride with Quran (the most dangerous book in the world)!
Indoctrination and brain wash starts at the early age! Free at Last …… In a meanwhile, I hate to say it but Muslim Little Girls will get raped, abused, tortured, battered, enslaved and they will cry …. Muslim little girl, cry for the sins of your fathers and mothers …. Muslim little girl, cry a river and maybe just maybe out of these tears of ignorance will flow a river of knowledge which leads you to the sea of freedom! Free of Islam, free at last, free at last ……
Girls, The Choice is Yous:
Science or Religion?
Reality or Fantasy?
Intelligence or Superstition?
Life of Achievement or Life as a Kept Woman?
Politically Correct western schools teach you nothing but lies.
Islam is not Religion of Peace. Islam is Religion of Death!
“Self Educate” yourself because the American Liberal Educational System, Euro-Pee-On (European) Liberal Educational System and surely the Islamic Fanatical Educational System won't!
Liberalism always goes hand in hand with Islamism!
Do not become a helpless victim; grow up to become a powerful and independent career woman. Amen! Dr. X Back to Photo Index
Back to Cartoons Index
Back to Islam Index
