Awards and nominations received by the 2004 TV series Battlestar Galactica.
Wins [ edit ]
2005 [ edit ]
2006 [ edit ]
2007 [ edit ]
ALMA Awards , Outstanding Actor in a TV series, mini-series, or TV movie, Edward James Olmos
, Outstanding Actor in a TV series, mini-series, or TV movie, Edward James Olmos Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("Exodus, Part 2")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("Exodus, Part 2") RedEye , Best TV Character, Kara Thrace a.k.a. Starbuck [4]
, Best TV Character, Kara Thrace a.k.a. Starbuck Saturn Awards , Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series
, Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series VES Awards , Outstanding Models and Miniatures in a Broadcast Program ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2")
, Outstanding Models and Miniatures in a Broadcast Program ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2") VES Awards, Outstanding Visual Effects in a Broadcast Series, Commercial, or Music Video ("Exodus, Part 1")
2008 [ edit ]
ALMA Awards , Outstanding Actor in a Drama Television Series, Edward James Olmos
, Outstanding Actor in a Drama Television Series, Edward James Olmos Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-action Entertainment Programs ("Razor Featurette #4")
, Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-action Entertainment Programs ("Razor Featurette #4") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("He That Believeth in Me")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("He That Believeth in Me") VES Awards, Outstanding Visual Effects in a Broadcast Miniseries, Movie or Special (Razor)
2009 [ edit ]
Emmy Awards , Outstanding Sound Editing For A Series ("Daybreak: Part 2") [5]
, Outstanding Sound Editing For A Series ("Daybreak: Part 2") Golden Reel Awards , Best Sound Editing - Short Form Sound Effects and Foley in Television ("He That Believeth in Me")
, Best Sound Editing - Short Form Sound Effects and Foley in Television ("He That Believeth in Me") Saturn Awards , Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series
, Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series Saturn Awards , Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos
, Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos Saturn Awards , Best Television Actress, Mary McDonnell
, Best Television Actress, Mary McDonnell Television Critics Association Awards, Program of the Year
Awards, Program of the Year VES Award, Outstanding Visual Effects in a Broadcast Series ("BSG space battle, season four")
Nominations [ edit ]
2005 [ edit ]
Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("33")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("33") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("The Hand of God")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("The Hand of God") Nebula Awards , Best Script ("Act of Contrition/You Can't Go Home Again" by Carla Robinson & Bradley Thompson & David Weddle)
, Best Script ("Act of Contrition/You Can't Go Home Again" by Carla Robinson & Bradley Thompson & David Weddle) VES Awards, Outstanding Performance by an Animated Character in a Live Act on Broadcast Program ("33")
2006 [ edit ]
ALMA Awards , Outstanding Actor in a Television Series, Edward James Olmos
, Outstanding Actor in a Television Series, Edward James Olmos Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Costumes for a Series ("Lay Down Your Burdens, Part 2")
, Outstanding Costumes for a Series ("Lay Down Your Burdens, Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Single-Camera Sound Mixing for a Series ("Scattered")
, Outstanding Single-Camera Sound Mixing for a Series ("Scattered") Hugo Awards , Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Pegasus")
, Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Pegasus") Nebula Awards , Best Script ("Unfinished Business" by Michael Taylor)
, Best Script ("Unfinished Business" by Michael Taylor) Scream Awards , Most Heroic Performance, Edward James Olmos as Commander William Adama
, Most Heroic Performance, Edward James Olmos as Commander William Adama Scream Awards , Breakout Performance, Tricia Helfer as Number Six
, Breakout Performance, Tricia Helfer as Number Six Scream Awards , Breakout Performance, Katee Sackhoff as Starbuck
, Breakout Performance, Katee Sackhoff as Starbuck Saturn Awards , Best Supporting Actor on Television, Jamie Bamber
, Best Supporting Actor on Television, Jamie Bamber Saturn Awards , Best Television Release on DVD (Season 1)
, Best Television Release on DVD (Season 1) Saturn Awards , Best Television Release on DVD (Season 2.0)
, Best Television Release on DVD (Season 2.0) VES Awards, Outstanding Animated Character in a Live Action Broadcast Program, Commercial, or Music Video (Cylon in "Valley of Darkness")
2007 [ edit ]
Emmy Awards , Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series ("Exodus, Part 2")
, Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series ("Exodus, Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series ("Occupation/Precipice")
, Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series ("Occupation/Precipice") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Sound Editing for a Series ("Exodus, Part 2")
, Outstanding Sound Editing for a Series ("Exodus, Part 2") Hugo Awards , Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Downloaded")
, Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Downloaded") Saturn Awards , Best Actor in a Television Program, Edward James Olmos
, Best Actor in a Television Program, Edward James Olmos Saturn Awards , Best Actress in a Television Program, Katee Sackhoff
, Best Actress in a Television Program, Katee Sackhoff Saturn Awards , Best Supporting Actor in a Television Program, James Callis
, Best Supporting Actor in a Television Program, James Callis Scream Awards , The Ultimate Scream
, The Ultimate Scream Scream Awards , Best Television Show
, Best Television Show Spacey Awards , Favourite Character You Love to Hate, Gaius Baltar
, Favourite Character You Love to Hate, Gaius Baltar VES Awards , Outstanding Animated Character in a Live Action Broadcast Program, Commercial or Music Video ("Downloaded")
, Outstanding Animated Character in a Live Action Broadcast Program, Commercial or Music Video ("Downloaded") VES Awards , Outstanding Compositing in a Broadcast Program, Commercial or Music Video ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2")
, Outstanding Compositing in a Broadcast Program, Commercial or Music Video ("Resurrection Ship, Part 2") Writers Guild of America, Television Award ("Occupation/Precipice")
2008 [ edit ]
Emmy Awards , Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series ( Razor )
, Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series ( ) Emmy Awards , Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series (one-hour) ( Razor )
, Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series (one-hour) ( ) Emmy Awards , Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series ("Six of One")
, Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series ("Six of One") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Single-camera Picture Editing for a Drama Series ("He That Believeth in Me")
, Outstanding Single-camera Picture Editing for a Drama Series ("He That Believeth in Me") Hugo Awards , Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ( Razor )
, Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ( ) People's Choice Awards , Favorite Sci-Fi Show
, Favorite Sci-Fi Show Saturn Awards , Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series
, Best Syndicated/Cable Television Series Saturn Awards , Best Television Presentation ( Razor )
, Best Television Presentation ( ) Saturn Awards , Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos
, Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos Scream Awards , Best Television Actress, Tricia Helfer
, Best Television Actress, Tricia Helfer Scream Awards , Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos
, Best Television Actor, Edward James Olmos Scream Awards , Best Television Show
, Best Television Show VES Awards, Outstanding Visual Effects in a Broadcast Series ("Maelstrom")
2009 [ edit ]
Emmy Awards , Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series ("Daybreak: Part 2")
, Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series ("Daybreak: Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing For A Drama Series ("Daybreak: Part 2")
, Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing For A Drama Series ("Daybreak: Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Sound Mixing For A Comedy Or Drama Series (One Hour) ("Daybreak: Part 2")
, Outstanding Sound Mixing For A Comedy Or Drama Series (One Hour) ("Daybreak: Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series ("Daybreak: Part 2")
, Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series ("Daybreak: Part 2") Emmy Awards , Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-Action Entertainment Programs ("Battlestar Galactica: The Face of the Enemy")
, Outstanding Special Class - Short-format Live-Action Entertainment Programs ("Battlestar Galactica: The Face of the Enemy") Hugo Awards , Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Revelations")
, Best Dramatic Presentation - Short Form ("Revelations") Saturn Awards , Best Television Supporting Actress, Katee Sackhoff
, Best Television Supporting Actress, Katee Sackhoff Scream Awards , Best Ensemble
, Best Ensemble Scream Awards , Best Science Fiction Actress, Katee Sackhoff
, Best Science Fiction Actress, Katee Sackhoff VES Awards, Outstanding Visual Effects in a Broadcast Series
Other honors [ edit ]
2005 [ edit ]
2006 [ edit ]
American Film Institute ' s Top 10 Television Shows of the Year [11]
s Top 10 Television Shows of the Year Time ' s Best of 2006: Television (#7) [12]
s Best of 2006: Television (#7) Chicago Tribune ' s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 [13]
s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 Entertainment Weekly ' s Top 10 TV Shows of 2006 (#3) [12]
s Top 10 TV Shows of 2006 (#3) Metacritic ' s Top TV shows of 2006 (#2)
s Top TV shows of 2006 (#2) Arizona Republic ' s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 (#7)
s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 (#7) Newsday ' s Top 10 TV Shows of 2006 (#3) [12]
s Top 10 TV Shows of 2006 (#3) Pittsburgh Post-Gazette ' s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 (#3)
s Top 10 TV shows of 2006 (#3) San Jose Mercury-News ' s Top TV shows of 2006 (#5)
s Top TV shows of 2006 (#5) Salon.com Buffy Award for Season 3 of Battlestar Galactica "the most underappreciated show in all TV land"
Buffy Award for Season 3 of Battlestar Galactica "the most underappreciated show in all TV land" TV Guide ' s Top 10 TV Shows of 2006 (#5)[12]
2007 [ edit ]
Entertainment Weekly , Best 25 Science Fiction of the Past 25 Years (#2)
, Best 25 Science Fiction of the Past 25 Years (#2) Time ' s The 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME [14]
s The 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME The New York Times ' Top 10 TV Shows of 2007 (#8) [15]
Top 10 TV Shows of 2007 (#8) Box Office Prophets ' s Calvin Awards, Best Television Show (#1)[16]
2008 [ edit ]
2009 [ edit ]
Time "Top 10 TV Series of 2009" (#5) [25]
"Top 10 TV Series of 2009" (#5) AOL ' s 50 Best TV Dramas Ever (#12) [26]
s 50 Best TV Dramas Ever (#12) TV Guide "Top 100 [U.S.] Episodes of All-Time (2009)". (Blood on the Scales, #43)
2010 [ edit ]
Boston.com "Top 50 Science Fiction Television Shows of All Time" (#1)[27]
2011 [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
The Wabanaki Confederacy (Wabenaki, Wobanaki, translated roughly as "People of the First Light" or "People of the Dawnland") are a First Nations and Native American confederation of five principal nations: the Mi'kmaq, Maliseet, Passamaquoddy, Abenaki, and Penobscot.
Members of the Wabanaki Confederacy, the Wabanaki peoples, are in and named for the area which they call Wabanahkik ("Dawnland"), roughly the area that became the French colony of Acadia. It is made up of most of present-day Maine in the United States, and New Brunswick, mainland Nova Scotia, Cape Breton Island, Prince Edward Island and some of Quebec south of the St. Lawrence River in Canada. The Western Abenaki live on lands in New Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusetts of the United States.[1]
In recent official statements, the Confederacy has emphasized common cause with, and acceptance of, alliances with environmental activists toward the goal of protecting their land and waters. They gained powers under the United Nations 2010 Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (DRIP) and related treaties which major powers have signed.[2]
History [ edit ]
The confederacy has historically united five North American Algonquian language-speaking First Nations peoples. It played a key role in supporting the colonial rebels of the American Revolution via the Treaty of Watertown, signed in 1776 by the Mi'kmaq and Passamaquoddy, two of its constituent tribes. Under this treaty, Wabanaki soldiers from Canada are still permitted to join the US military. They have done so in 21st-century conflicts in which the US has engaged, including the Afghanistan War and the Iraq War.
Members of the Wabanaki Confederacy are:
(Eastern) Abenaki or Penawapskewi (Penobscot)
or (Penobscot) (Western) Abenaki
Míkmaq (Mi'kmaq, L'nu, or Micmac)
(Mi'kmaq, L'nu, or Micmac) Pestomuhkati (Passamaquoddy)
(Passamaquoddy) Wolastoqiyik (Maliseet or Malicite)
Nations in the Confederacy are also closely allied with the Innu and Algonquin and with the Iroquoian-speaking Wyandot. Wabanaki were also allies of the Huron in the past. Together they jointly invited the colonization of Quebec City and LaHave and the formation of New France in 1603, in order to put French guns, ships, and forts between themselves and the powerful Mohawk people to the west. Today the only remaining Huron First Nation resides mostly in the suburbs of Quebec City, a legacy of this protective alliance.
The Wabanaki ancestral homeland stretches from Newfoundland, Canada to the Merrimack River valley in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, United States. This became a hotly contested borderland between the English of colonial New England and French Acadia following the European settlement in the early 17th century. Members of the Wabanaki Confederacy of Acadia participated in six major wars, beginning with King William's War in 1688, before the British defeated the French in North America:
During this period, their population was radically decimated due to many decades of warfare, but also because of famines and devastating epidemics of infectious disease.[3]
Wabanaki people freely intermarried with French Catholics in Acadia starting in 1610 after the conversion of Chief Henri Membertou. After 1783 and the end of the American Revolutionary War, Black Loyalists, freedmen from the British colonies, were resettled by the British in this historical territory. They had promised slaves freedom if they left their rebel masters and joined the British. Three thousand freedmen were evacuated to Nova Scotia by British ships from the colonies after the war.
Many intermarriages occurred between these peoples, especially in southwest Nova Scotia from Yarmouth to Halifax. Suppression of Acadian, Black, Mi'kmaq, and Irish people under British rule tended to force these peoples together as allies of necessity. Some white and black parents abandoned their mixed-race children on reserves to be raised in Wabanaki culture, even as late as the 1970s.[citation needed]
The British declared the Wabanaki Confederacy forcibly disbanded in 1862. However the five Wabanaki nations still exist, continued to meet, and the Confederacy was formally re-established in 1993.
Contemporary [ edit ]
The Wabanaki Confederacy gathering was revived in 1993. The first reconstituted confederacy conference in contemporary time was developed and proposed by Claude Aubin and Beaver Paul and hosted by the Mi'kmaq community of Listuguj under the leadership of Chief Brenda Gideon Miller. The sacred Council Fire was lit again, and embers from the fire have been kept burning continually since then.[1] The revival of the Wabanaki Confederacy brought together the Passamaquoddy Nation, Penobscot Nation, Maliseet Nation, the Mi'kmaq Nation, and the Abenaki Nation.
Following the 2010 UN DRIP declaration (Declaration of Rights of Indigenous Peoples),[4] the tribes began to assert their rights as defined in it. They invited non-Indian people to participate in the Confederacy meetings, especially environmental activists.[2] The Wabanaki leadership emphasized the continuing role of the Confederacy in protecting natural capital.
Some key quotes from leading participants:
"When we talk about Wabanaki people, we're also talking about Wabanaki people being the land, being the trees, being the animals, because in that cultural perspective, we're all related ... The Wabanaki are in a far better position to defend the land," says gkisedtanamoogk. "No land was ever ceded, and that's acknowledged by both the province and the federal government. So on the basis of the treaties, what we're suggesting is that you and I have a common responsibility to the land under those treaties." gkisedtanamoogk, the Gathering's fire keeper.[2]
Within the Wabanaki territory we're looking for allies that are going to stand against the total annihilation of our land and water and air. We're looking for allies who will help us to put our nation back together, and put it back in order. And we're asking our allies to help us empower that. And in the process of doing that, they will be decolonizing us and they will be decolonizing themselves. Jeaba-weay-quay (roughly translated from Obijway to 'The woman whose voice pierces').[2]
"We're going to rebuild the Wabanaki Confederacy," says LaPorte. "We also invited some non-Natives ... to come and be with us and to help us build an alliance, so that when we ... come into conflict with the government and some of their decisions and policies ... to have them stand beside us and to let their government know that it's not only Native people who are worried about the water, the land, the air. But it's also people from their nation that are concerned." Harry LaPorte, grand chief of the Maliseet First Nation[2]
The final press release indicated that "the grandmothers" would decide the next step in reconstructing the confederacy as a legal and sovereign entity. The structure resembles that of Indigenous Peoples in Chiapas. Subcomandante Marcos and other political and military leaders better known to the public there have formally recognized the authority of the "comandantes" (older Indigenous women).[2]
There were meetings amongst allies,[5] a "Water Convergence Ceremony" in May 2013,[6] with Algonquin grandmothers in August 2013 supported by Kairos Canada,[7][8] and with other indigenous groups.
Alma Brooks represented the Confederacy at the June 2014 UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues.[9] They discussed the Wabanaki/Wolostoq position on the Energy East pipeline.[10] Opposition to its construction has been a catalyst for organizing:
"On May 30 [2015], residents of Saint John will join others in Atlantic Canada, including Indigenous people from the Wolastoqiyik (Maliseet), Passamaquoddy and Mi'kmaq, to march to the end of the proposed pipeline and draw a line in the sand." This was widely publicized.[11]
2015 Grandmothers' Declaration [ edit ]
These and other preparatory meetings set an agenda for the August 19–22, 2015, meeting[12] which produced the promised Grandmothers' Declaration[13] "adopted unanimously at N'dakinna (Shelburne, Vermont) on August 21, 2015". The Declaration included mention of:
Revitalization and maintenance of indigenous languages
Article 25 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples on land, food and water
A commitment to "establish decolonized maps"
The Wingspread Statement on the Precautionary Principles
Obligation of governments to "obtain free, prior, and informed consent" before "further infringement"
A commitment to "strive to unite the Indigenous Peoples; from coast to coast", e.g. against Tar Sands.
Protecting food, "seeds, waters and lands, from chemical and genetic contamination"
Recognizes and confirms the unique decision-making structures of the Wabanaki Peoples in accordance with Article 18 of the UN DRIP indigenous decision-making institutions: "Our vision is to construct a Lodge, which will serve as a living constitution and decision-making structure for the Wabanaki Confederacy."
Recognizes the Western Abenaki living in Vermont and the United States as a "People" and member nation
Peace and friendship with "the Seven Nations of Iroquois"
Position on ecological and health issues [ edit ]
On October 15, 2015, Alma Brooks spoke to the New Brunswick Hydrofracturing Commission, applying the Declaration to current provincial industrial practices:[14]
They criticized the "industry of hydro-fracturing for natural gas in our territory" because "our people have not been adequately consulted ... have been abused and punished for taking a stand," and cited traditional knowledge of floods, quakes and salt lakes in New Brunswick;
Criticized Irving Forestry Companies for having "clear-cut our forests [and] spraying poisonous carcinogenic herbicides such as glyphosate all over 'our land', to kill hardwood trees, and other green vegetation," harming human and animal health;
Noted "Streams, brooks and creeks are drying up; causing the dwindling of Atlantic salmon and trout. Places where our people gather medicines, hunt deer and moose is being contaminated with poison. We were not warned about the use of these dangerous herbicides; but since then cancer rates have been on the rise in Maliseet Communities; especially breast cancers in women and younger people are dying from cancer."
Open pit mining "for tungsten and molybdenum [which] require tailing ponds; this one designated to be the largest in the world [which] definitely will seep out into the environment. A spill or leak from the Sisson Brook open pit mine will permanently contaminate the Nashwaak River; which is a tributary of the Wolastok (St. John River) and surrounding waterways. This is the only place left clean enough for the survival of the Atlantic salmon."
"Oil pipelines and "refineries ... bent on contaminating and destroying the very last inch of (Wəlastokok) Maliseet territory."
Rivers, lakes, streams, and lands.. contaminated "to the point that we are unable to gather our annual supply of fiddleheads [an edible fern], and medicines."
The "duty to consult with aboriginal people ... has become a meaningless process,"..."therefore governments and/or companies do not have our consent to proceed with hydro-fracturing, open pit mining, or the building of pipelines for gas and oil bitumen."
2016 [ edit ]
The Passamaquoddy will host the 2016 Wabanaki Confederacy Conference.
"Wabanaki Confederacy" in various indigenous languages [ edit ]
The term Wabanaki Confederacy in many Algonquian languages literally means "Dawn Land People".
Language "Easterner(s)"
literally "Dawn Person(s)" "Dawn Land"
(nominative) "Dawn Land"
(locative) "Dawn Land Person"
"Dawn Land People"
or the "Wabanaki Confederacy" Naskapi Waapinuuhch Massachusett language Wôpanâ(ak) Quiripi language Wampano(ak) Wampanoki Mi'kmaq Wabanahk Wabanahkik Wabanahki Wabanahkiyik Maliseet-Passamaquoddy Waponu(wok) Waponahk Waponahkik Waponahkew Waponahkiyik/Waponahkewiyik Abenaki-Penobscot Wôbanu(ok) Wôbanak Wôbanakik Wôbanaki Wôbanakiak Algonquin Wàbano(wak) Wàbanaki Wàbanakìng Wàbanakì Wàbanakìk Ojibwe Waabano(wag) Waabanaki Waabanakiing Waabanakii Waabanakiig/Waabanakiiyag Odawa Waabno(wag) Waabnaki Waabnakiing Waabnakii Waabnakiig/Waabnakiiyag Potawatomi Wabno(weg) Wabneki Wabnekig Wabneki Wabnekiyeg
Maps [ edit ]
Maps showing the approximate locations of areas occupied by members of the Wabanaki Confederacy (from north to south):
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Piers Morgan had a fiery meeting with Jonah Goldberg, editor at large of National Review Online, on Monday night. The two vehemently disagreed on the controversy over President Obama‘s Osama bin Laden ad — and how Obama is campaigning on the issue. Goldberg insisted he's not criticizing the president's handling of the raid, but rather their attack on Mitt Romney. On the other hand, Morgan argued that Romney wouldn't act any differently were they in the president's shoes.
Goldberg said the Romney aspect of the ad is “reprehensible.” I have no problem with Obama campaigning on the bin Laden success, Goldberg said. The problem, they said, is what John McCain said: that he's using it as “a cheap political attack” — especially given that he's criticized Hillary Clinton in the past for trying to score political points by invoking bin Laden.
It was “stupid” of the White House to do this, Goldberg said, because instead of them touting how great the president is, we're sitting here arguing about this ad. Morgan argued that the reason Romney entered the picture is because he'd gone on the record saying the mission wasn't worth the money. Apples and oranges, Goldberg said: Romney was referring to the War on Terror in general.
In the larger context, Goldberg said they don't understand why we didn't capture bin Laden — to which Morgan replied that it doesn't make sense that Republicans, “a patriotic bunch,” would try to criticize any aspect of the work and decision-making that went into this process. Why shouldn't they run an ad “saying, ‘This is what we did, we were right to do it'?” Morgan asked.
“I'm not criticizing,” Goldberg pressed. Morgan challenged them to name “one other single foreign policy decision that barack obama could have taken in this term that could be bigger” than this raid. Goldberg replied, “I don't know, figuring out a way to stabilize the government in Pakistan. There are all sorts of decisions to make. Figuring out a deal with the Middle East.”
The decision was good, but the ad was stupid, they said. They stepped “on their own presidential message,” Goldberg said. Morgan asked Goldberg whether they think Romney wouldn't capitalize on such a success, but Goldberg argued that Morgan's characterization was inaccurate.
Morgan said eight years of a Republican administration “led to a financial collapse” — but Goldberg argued that Obama “spent much, much, much, much more money than the Republicans.”
They added, “I think the debate of standing on a soap box and waxing about how much this operation costs is cheap.” Morgan said he's playing devil's advocate. Goldberg said they “didn't chuck out” any figures, but that Morgan “begged” them for an answer. “That's good journalism, isn't it? Isn't that the point of an interview?” Morgan asked.
Goldberg replied, “You're cross-examining me, you're not interviewing me.”
Morgan then pivoted to the debate over Obama's “coolness.” They have every right to do it, Goldberg said, but “at the same time I do think some of that act is wearing thin. You can only be cool so long in American life.”
I'd much rather have a dorky president who can fix all the problems we have, than a cool president who just talks about them, Goldberg said. Asked whether Romney is a dork, Goldberg replied, “He's a stiff, sure.”
Following their appearance, Goldberg tweeted some thoughts, none too pleasant:
Want to throw a beer bottle at the TV? Watch Piers Morgan tonight. — Jonah Goldberg (@JonahNRO) May 1, 2012
I swear to all that is holy, that I went in expecting a reasonably normal conversation. Had I known, I would have reacted differently. — Jonah Goldberg (@JonahNRO) May 1, 2012
At the end of the day, @piersmorgan proved the point of my book (which they didn't read): liberals lie about being liberals. — Jonah Goldberg (@JonahNRO) May 1, 2012
Then on National Review Online they went on to say:
So, I was on Piers Morgan's show on CNN tonight. It was a shameful spectacle. They pretended to be a serious interviewer and I spent far too long pretending they were one too. My apologies to everyone who tuned in. I will have a more comprehensive response tomorrow on the Tyranny of Cliches blog.
Take a look, via CNN:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered a world where two suns set over the horizon instead of just one. The planet, called Kepler-16b, is not thought to be habitable. It is a cold world, with a gaseous surface, and it circles two stars, just like "Star Wars" Tatooine.
The first alien planet with two suns in its sky has just been found, but many more of them are almost certainly out there, scientists say.
At a press conference yesterday (Sept. 15), researchers using NASA's Kepler space telescope announced the discovery of the planet, which is known as Kepler-16b. Like Tatooine — the home world of Luke Skywalker in the "Star Wars" films — Kepler-16b orbits a pair of stars rather than a singleton like our own sun.
Though Kepler-16b is the first such "circumbinary" planet to be unambiguously detected, it won't be the last, researchers said. [Photos: Real-life 'Tatooine' Planet With 2 Suns]
"We know now that, with very good likelihood, systems like this are common throughout the galaxy and indeed throughout the universe," said astronomer Greg Laughlin of the University of California, Santa Cruz, who was not involved in Kepler-16b's discovery.
Theory meets reality
Astronomers had long suspected that binary star systems could sport planets. After all, they've seen dusty debris disks — the raw materials from which planets are made — cloaking young double stars. [Infographic: New Planet is Like 'Star Wars'' Tatooine]
But binary systems are complex environments, Laughlin said, where gravity perturbations can toss alien planets out into space or send them barreling into one of their double suns.
So Kepler-16b is an important find, showing that planets can both form and persist in binary systems. Computer simulations suggest that Kepler-16b's orbit will be stable for millions of years to come, said Laurance Doyle of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) Institute, lead author of the study reporting the planet's discovery.
Circumbinary planets thus don't seem to be novelty acts. Rather, their numbers might rival those of the one-sun planets, which we've hitherto regarded as "normal."
"There are about as many binary stars as there are single stars," said Kepler project scientist Nick Gautier of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. "Planets around binary stars could be very common."
This artist's concept illustrates the Kepler-16 system (white) from an overhead view, showing its planet Kepler-16b and the eccentric orbits of the two stars it circles (labeled A and B). For reference, the orbits of our own solar system's planets Mercury and Earth are shown in blue. (Image: © NASA/JPL-Caltech/T. Pyle)
Life on a planet with two suns?
The Saturn-mass Kepler-16b is not a good candidate for life as we know it, researchers said. But there's no reason to think that life couldn't take root in a binary star system.
For starters, if a gas giant like Kepler-16b can coalesce and stick around in such a system, then a smaller, rocky planet — one more like Earth — almost certainly could as well, researchers said.
"Most theorists believe that in order to build up to a Saturn-size planet, you need to go through a kind of rocky, icy, terrestrial phase first," Laughlin said. "So the fact that you have this planet there, very clearly there, in my view implies it's much more likely that circumbinary terrestrial planets are going to exist."
If such planets happen to orbit in the so-called "habitable zone" of their double stars — the just-right range of distances that allows liquid water to exist — then life as we know it might be watching a double sunset somewhere right now.
Of course, a binary system's habitable zone would be a little more difficult to nail down concretely.
"We usually think of the habitable zone as a shell, a sphere around a single star," Doyle said. "Well, in this case, the habitable zone is moving as the two stars get closer and farther away from the planet. So the whole habitable zone is this big, very dynamic thing."
You can follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter: @michaeldwall. Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
Some of Calgary's most powerful decision makers spent Thursday night chucking axes at wooden targets in a statement against misogyny and inequality in politics.
The Axe the Inequality event sought to draw attention to the often toxic online environment that spews violent threats and sexist comments at female politicians.
"I've had people threaten the lives of my family through private messages," said Calgary-East MLA Robyn Luff, who spearheaded the event.
Clockwise from top left, MLAs Kathleen Ganley, Deborah Drever, Anam Kazim, Brandy Payne, Robyn Luff and Sandra Jansen pose for the cameras at Axe the Inequality, held Thursday in northeast Calgary. (Julie Debeljak/CBC)
Luff, who has two children, ages three and five, said people often "talk down" to them and remark that they "must have [her] hands so full," as both a mother and an elected representative. They then noted that those degrading comments are rarely leveled at their male counterparts who have children the same age.
In defiance of that double standard, they and MLAs Brandy Payne, Sandra Jansen, Kathleen Ganley, Deborah Drever and Anam Kazim took turns hurling blades.
Local musicians, including Mariel Buckley, Yolanda Sargeant and Kate Stevens, filled the venue with live entertainment.
'Shows strength and power'
Luff said they picked the unusual activity because they "thought it'd be fun."
"It's something that shows strength and power, and something that's not usually associated with politicians."
Proceeds from the event will help fund re-election campaigns for the female NDP MLAs in Calgary.
"Having those voices in politics is really important, because it helps to emphasize the issues that women are going through on a daily basis," Luff said.
Late last year, Jansen, MLA for Calgary-North West, shocked the legislature into silence by reading a litany of demeaning comments they received on Twitter and Facebook after crossing the aisle to sit with the NDP.
Sandra Jansen read a member's statement before question period on Tuesday, citing hateful messages they have received since crossing the floor last week. 2:01
The comments included "Sandra should stay in the kitchen, where they belong," and "Now you have two blond bimbos in a party that is clueless."
Issues of sexual assault and harassment have risen into the public consciousness after recent widespread allegations against Hollywood director Harvey Weinstein and an online #MeToo campaign, which encourages women to share their uncomfortable experiences using the hashtag.
A Media Matters analysis of Hurricane Harvey broadcast coverage from August 23 to September 7 found that neither ABC nor NBC aired a single segment on their morning, evening, or Sunday news shows that mentioned the link between climate change and hurricanes like Harvey, while CBS and PBS NewsHour each aired three. A review of prime-time coverage of Harvey on the three major cable news networks found that Fox aired six segments that mentioned climate change, but most of them dismissed the link between climate change and hurricanes, while CNN and MSNBC each aired five segments that legitimately discussed the link.
Scientists say climate change worsened the impact of Harvey, which brought historic rainfall and devastation to Texas
Hurricane Harvey set new records for rainfall and economic destruction. After making landfall on August 25, Harvey dropped more than 50 inches of rain and earned the distinction of being the most extreme rain event in U.S. history. Estimates of Harvey's costs range from $81 billion to up to $190 billion, the uppermost of which would make it the nation's costliest natural disaster. [Houston Chronicle, 9/4/17; The Washington Post, 8/29/17; Los Angeles Times, 9/1/17; Newsweek, 9/1/17]
Scientists say climate change worsened Harvey's impacts. A number of climate scientists have stated that climate change exacerbated the worst impacts of Hurricane Harvey, as warm ocean water fueled the storm's intensity. Climate scientists have also said that climate change may have been responsible for Harvey stalling over Texas, which was a major factor in its record rainfall. Texas Monthly reported:
In a mere 48 hours, Harvey went from a middling tropical storm, with winds of 45 miles per hour, to a Category 4 hurricane, with winds of 130 miles per hour. When it hit land, it dumped close to 50 inches of rain on Texas, which makes it the biggest rain storm in U.S. history. “There are many explanations for Harvey's rampage,” Dr. Andrew Dessler, a professor of atmospheric science at Texas A&M in College Station, said. “But human induced climate change definitely made the storm worse.” [...] Few bodies of water have heated up like the Gulf of Mexico. As a result, when a tropical storm passes over the Gulf, those warm waters become pure fuel for that storm to tap. What's more, because the temperatures in the atmosphere over the Gulf are also warmer, more ocean water is evaporating and hanging in the air, just waiting to be swept up by a storm and dumped over land as rain. We're not saying that climate change is creating more tropical storms or hurricanes,” said Dr. Daniel Cohan, an atmospheric scientist and professor of environmental engineering at Rice University in Houston. “But what's becoming clear is that once these storms form, they are likely to become much more intense.” Cohan noted that in the past three years, Houston has been hit by three so-called “500-year storms.” “The chances of that happening by coincidence are just about zero,” they concluded. Cohan even speculated that global warming was the reason Harvey stalled over southeast Texas. “We know that with climate change, as the world gets warmer, the jet streams are now moving away from tropics and moving closer to the poles,” they explained. “What happened in Harvey's case is that the jet stream wasn't out there to push the storm along. It had moved north. I think for that very reason we'll see more of these hurricanes stall over land, which means more devastating monster rains.” [Texas Monthly, 9/5/17; The Guardian, 8/28/17; The Atlantic, 8/27/17]
Broadcast networks: ABC and NBC did not air a single segment on the link between climate change and hurricanes like Harvey, while CBS and PBS each aired three
Neither ABC nor NBC mentioned that climate change influences hurricanes like Harvey. From August 23 to September 7, none of the morning, nightly, or Sunday news shows on ABC or NBC featured a segment that discussed the link between climate change and hurricanes.
CBS aired three segments discussing the connection between climate change and hurricanes. The August 26 episode of CBS This Morning featured an interview in which physicist Michio Kaku discussed how warm ocean waters fuel hurricanes like Harvey. The August 30 episode of CBS Evening News and the August 31 episode of CBS Morning News both featured a segment in which environmental engineering professor Jim Blackburn explained that Harvey was a “climate-influenced storm” and said, “This is what the climate scientists have been telling us would happen.” [CBS This Morning, 8/26/17; CBS Evening News, 8/30/17; CBS This Morning, 8/31/17]
PBS also aired three segments that highlighted the link between climate change and hurricanes. On the August 30 episode of PBS NewsHour, correspondent Miles O'Brien interviewed climate scientists and experts about the connection between climate change and extreme weather events. O'Brien again brought up climate change in the context of Hurricane Harvey on September 1 during a discussion with Mark Shields and David Brooks about whether Harvey would bring about a sea change in political discussions about climate change. And, on the August 31 episode of PBS NewsHour, O'Brien referred viewers to the show's website to watch an interview they conducted with Rep. Clay Higgins (R-LA), stating, “The record-breaking nature of Harvey has renewed the conversation about the link between climate change and extreme weather events. Congressman Higgins is a vocal climate change skeptic. I asked them if the events of the last week have at all changed their mind. You can listen to that exchange on our Web site, PBS.org/NewsHour.” [PBS NewsHour, 8/30/17, 9/1/17, 8/31/17, 8/31/17]
Prime-time cable: Fox dismissed climate change's impact on Harvey, while MSNBC and CNN discussed the connection
In most of Fox's segments that discussed climate change and Harvey, hosts argued that people shouldn't draw connections between the two. From August 23 to September 7, Fox News aired six prime-time segments on the hurricane that mentioned climate change. Three segments on The Five and one segment on Tucker Carlson Tonight featured Fox hosts dismissing or criticizing speakers who pointed out global warming's effect on the storm.
The September 1 edition of Special Report with Bret Baier did feature media figures and academics discussing how climate change worsened Harvey, but it also featured a clip of climate denier Myron Ebell saying, “The global warming alarmists are really doing a disservice in the public debate by saying we should be spending trillions of dollars to try and reduce greenhouse gas emissions when in fact we should be spending billions of dollars to upgrade the infrastructure in the Gulf Coast of Florida.”
The August 28 episode of The Fox News Specialists featured the only segment in which the link between Harvey and climate change was discussed and not rebutted, when radio host Jamila Bey stated, “These things happen. Climate change is real. We need to make sure that our policies absolutely recognize this and say how do we make sure that other areas that are prone to flooding get the resources that they need.” The hosts did not contradict Bey's statement, instead moving on to another segment. [Fox: The Five, 8/25/17, 8/30/17, 8/30/17; Tucker Carlson Tonight, 8/31/17; Special Report with Bret Baier, 9/1/17; Fox News Specialists, 8/28/17]
CNN aired five segments discussing the link between climate change and Harvey. During the time period Media Matters analyzed, CNN ran five prime-time segments that discussed a link between climate change and Hurricane Harvey. For example, on the August 30 and August 31 episodes of Cuomo Prime Time, host Chris Cuomo asked counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) whether the Trump administration would begin to have a discussion about how climate change impacts storms like Harvey. In both instances, Cuomo noted that the number of so-called “100-year storms” has increased significantly. [CNN: Cuomo Prime Time, 8/30/17, 8/31/17; Erin Burnett OutFront, 8/31/17; CNN Tonight, 8/29/17; The Situation Room, 8/28/17]
MSNBC also aired five segments that highlighted the connection between climate change and the hurricane. MSNBC aired five prime-time segments about the link between climate change and Harvey on its prime-time shows, including on the August 28 edition of All In with Chris Hayes, in which Hayes interviewed reporter Neena Satija. Sajita co-wrote a 2016 ProPublica report on Houston that cited multiple scientists issuing warnings about catastrophic flooding. Satija told Hayes, “Local officials in Houston didn't have plans to study the effects of climate change in the city or think about whether the city needs to plan for more frequent and more intense rainstorms, which scientists say are a sure thing for Houston.” [ProPublica, 12/7/16; MSNBC: All In with Chris Hayes, 8/28/17, 8/29/17; The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell, 8/30/17, 8/31/17; Hardball with Chris Matthews, 8/29/17]
Chart by Sarah Wasko
Methodology
Media Matters ran the search term “Harvey AND (climate OR warming OR emission! OR carbon OR CO2 OR greenhouse gas!)” in Nexis to identify segments between August 23 and September 7 that mentioned both the hurricane and climate change.
On the broadcast networks, we examined the morning, evening, and Sunday news shows on ABC, CBS, and NBC, as well as PBS NewsHour, the only PBS program archived in Nexis. For CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News, we examined the networks' prime-time shows that air on weekdays from 5 p.m. to 11 p.m.
For chronic headaches the best treatment may be one of the oldest: acupuncture.
In 1998, the National Institutes of Health accepted acupuncture as a useful alternative treatment for headaches, but warned that there were not enough clinical trials to draw firm conclusions about its efficacy. Now a systematic review of studies through 2007 concludes that acupuncture provides greater relief than either medication or a placebo.
The report, which appears in the December issue of Anesthesia and Analgesia, reviewed 25 randomized controlled trials in adults that lasted more than four weeks. In seven trials comparing acupuncture with medication, researchers found that 62 percent of 479 patients had significant response to acupuncture, and only 45 percent to medicine.
Fourteen of the studies, with a total of 961 patients, compared acupuncture with a placebo, a treatment in which patients were led to believe they were getting acupuncture. Of these, 53 percent found some pain relief with acupuncture, compared with 45 percent who felt better with the placebo. In four studies comparing acupuncture with massage, the massage worked better than acupuncture, but those studies were too small to draw statistically significant conclusions.
“People who get acupuncture prefer it to medication, because of the potential side effects of drugs,” said Dr. Tong J. Gan, a co-author of the review and a professor of anesthesiology at Duke. “This is an alternative treatment that is starting to move into the mainstream.”
In the Diplomat-verse, Pinkie is the high priestess and head of the Church of the Sun. In essence they believe that Celestia is also a literal personification of the sun, an avatar and direct link to the life-giving star in the sky. Thus it is important to pay your dues to the empress, lest the sky fall dark. Consequently, the church is very rich.
Pinkie themselves is a very jovial character, and they always make sure to have an open ear for everyone. In fact, too open maybe. They make sure to hold grand galas and parties in celebration of Celestia ever so often, and it transpires that gossip runs wild on these occasions. There's plenty of food and drink, and if the attendees were a little less polite, they might speak of debauchery. In fact, rumors are constantly circulating that the high priestess themselves is prone to more decadent and depraved "parties" in private, and strange nicknames such as "Pinkie Pie" are whispered behind closed doors.
Pinkie doesn't care. They simply smile and continues delivering words of praise, ritual sayings and sometimes plain gibberish, while holding most of the state's secrets in their hands. The church is everyone's friend - and no one's.
Darryl Sutter has reiterated all season that the Kings' goal is to be a playoff team, and under the right circumstances tonight, that could come to fruition as Los Angeles hosts Boston while Arizona hosts Tampa Bay.
The Kings will clinch a playoff berth:
-If they defeat the Bruins in regulation or overtime AND the Coyotes lose to the Lighning in any fashion or defeat the Lightning in a shootout; OR
-If they defeat the Bruins in a shootout AND the Coyotes lose in any fashion; OR
-If they get one point against the Bruins AND the Coyotes lose in regulation.
Los Angeles' morning skate in advance of tonight's game against the Boston Bruins is winding down. There were no changes to lines or pairings, as indicated by groupings at today's skate. More to come.
Airbnb's new Chinese name shows how hard it is to localize | By By John Artman
2 min read
Airbnb announced today that they are doubling down on China (in Chinese). They have introduced Trips, a service that gives travelers tips and ideas, is now live in Shanghai. In addition, Airbnb China has now been renamed 爱彼迎 (aibiying) which the company claims to mean “to welcome each other with love.” It could also mean “love to welcome you”, “a loving welcome”, or even “love mutual welcome”, if you'd like to get more literal.
Translating from Chinese to English (and vice versa) is not easy. However, when a company comes to China, choosing a name that not only sounds like the English name and accurately reflects their brand is even more difficult. Coca-Cola went with 可口可乐(kekou kele). Both words (可口 and 可乐) sound like the English and have positive meanings in Chinese: 可口 roughly mean “delicious” and 可乐 roughly means “funny.” Uber's name is similar: 优步 (youbu) sounds like the English and has positive meanings; 优 can mean “excellent” and 步 can mean “step” or “move.” Evernote, on the other hand, eschewed all transliteration with 印象笔记 (yinxiang biji, literally “impression notebook”).
While Coke's name still gets some chuckles, people are now used to it. Uber, however, saw muted reaction with many not even raising an eyebrow. This has definitely not been the case for Airbnb. Almost immediately, China's social networks lit up with people complaining about the name.
The most common reaction has been the fact that the Chinese name is actually quite awkward to say and just sounds plain weird. This has been accompanied by the inevitable “I could do it better,” with some actually good suggestions.
One great suggestion, as seen in the picture above, is 爱比邻 (aibilin, literally “love neighbor”). Not only is this easier to say, it also is reference to the idiom 海內存知己，天涯若比邻 (hainei cun zhiji, tianya ruo bilin), meaning “to feel a closeness to a friend or loved one despite being separated by a great distance.”
Airbnb's choice of Chinese name does raise questions about how much testing they did before the announcement, but ultimately their success in the market will be determined by their ability to leverage local partnerships and provide services distinctly designed for their Chinese users. Unfortunately, their name may make it harder for users to take them seriously.
And what I meant by ethics was that we weren't going to have any. You misheard me. You're stupid.
Hey, remember that Team Trump ethics pledge? There is no Team Trump ethics pledge. Because the first time it inconveniences someone, it gets festively defenestrated.
Senior White House budget adviser Marcus Peacock is leaving President Donald Trump's administration to become the second in command at a high-profile business lobby group in Washington that's looking to increase its influence.
This is just a petty side note, but Donald Trump having an adviser named Mr. Peacock is one of those things that just sounds right the moment you hear it. Of course they do. They also are advised by Mr. Goldleaf, Mr. PoorAngerManagementPractices, and Mr. NarcissisticRatingsObsession.
Mr. Peacock will be moving from the Office of Management and Budget to lobbying that same office as part of the Business Roundtable, a group comprised of 200 or so corporate heads advocating for corporate things. Lobbying the very office you just moved out of would obviously be unethical even according to Donald Trump's own team, so he's being granted a waiver from Trump to—you guessed it—do it anyway.
Peacock will recuse themselves from lobbying OMB for six months, the roundtable said. When they joined the Trump administration, Peacock signed an ethics pledge required by the president that would've banned them from lobbying their former office for five years. The White House granted them a waiver from that commitment, the roundtable said.
To be fair, the administration is only two months old—he hardly had time to put their things in order before they bolted for the door again. Holding someone like that to a strict ethical standard would seem terribly mean.
49ers' Kilgore returns to practice, their first in over a year
Here's an encouraging sign for Daniel Kilgore: He's more worried about their lungs than their left leg.
On Monday, the 49ers center said he's not concerned about their surgically repaired leg withstanding the strain of blocking industrial-size nose guards. They are, however, worried about getting winded 13 months after they played in their last NFL game.
“The biggest thing for me would be the conditioning part,” Kilgore said. “My ankle and leg feel stable. Now I have to go out there and test it out and go see how out of shape I really am.”
Kilgore offered that with a smile. And they had reason to be happy. On Monday afternoon they took part in a walkthrough, their first practice since their injury, after the 49ers opened their three-week practice window earlier in the day.
Kilgore remains on the physically unable to perform list, but the 49ers can place them on the 53-man roster anytime in the next three weeks. Kilgore said he'd like to play Sunday against the Seahawks, but acknowledged the 49ers' game against the Cardinals on Nov. 29 was a more realistic goal.
Kilgore said he's back to squat-lifting 500 pounds and has had no issues slamming into blocking sleds during their recent rehabilitation work. He's confident in their left leg, which has required two surgeries and now has a plate and 12 screws in it. However, they acknowledged their first test won't arrive until they make their 2015 debut.
49ers center Daniel Kilgore suffered a broken leg last October in a loss in Denver. 49ers center Daniel Kilgore suffered a broken leg last October in a loss in Denver. Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close 49ers' Kilgore returns to practice, their first in over a year 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
“I can do as much as I can against a dummy or a pad,” Kilgore said. “But until I go against somebody that's breathing and trying to kill me, we'll see then.”
Even if he's rusty, Kilgore figures to provide a boost for an offensive line that's struggled in their absence. Their replacement, Marcus Martin, 21, a 2014 third-round pick, has been consistently bullied in the run game and has ranked among the bottom of the NFL's centers throughout the season, according to Pro Football Focus' grading system.
The 49ers have allowed the fifth-most sacks in the NFL (28) and their running backs are averaging 3.5 yards a carry.
The issues up front have inspired experimentation. Starting right guard Jordan Devey has split snaps with Andrew Tiller in the past five games, and it's possible Tiller will make their first career start in Seattle on Sunday. In a 17-16 win over Atlanta on Nov. 8, Tiller came off the bench to play 48 of 57 offensive snaps. In addition, rookie right tackle Trent Brown made their NFL debut in a nine-play series against Atlanta while starter Erik Pears moved inside to right guard.
“I've said it with the offensive line: It's the sum of the parts,” head coach Jim Tomsula said. “We're getting the guys together and working together to see where we can get the best results.”
For their part, Kilgore is eager to see results at practice this week, where he'll renew on-field acquaintances with nose guard Ian Williams.
“He and I have always had a friendly, competitive spirit going against each other,“ Kilgore said. “It's just going to be fun going out there again. Being with the guys, being in the huddle. The only thing I'm not looking forward to is wearing the helmet. That thing is going to hurt like crazy. Been a year since I've worn it.”
Briefly: Tomsula said running back Carlos Hyde (foot), wide receiver Anquan Boldin (hamstring) and cornerback Tramaine Brock (shin) have yet to run at full speed and remain day to day with their injuries. Hyde and Boldin have missed the past two games, while Brock has missed one. … Rookie wide receiver DeAndre Smelter, who is on the non-football injury list after they tore their ACL in November, also had their three-week practice window opened. … Tomsula reiterated that quarterback Blaine Gabbert would start against Seattle, but they wouldn't commit to Gabbert making another start after Sunday.
Eric Branch is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: ebranch@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Eric_Branch
Updated Team List:
Registered and Paid:
- K1T!
[SPOILER=Click to view]Aeonphlux (c)
Raion
5211
Black Jesus
Bosko
Sub: Fatefullemons[/SPOILER]
- Double `Ds
[SPOILER=Click to view]AidanWHO (c)
trick
bzy
dash
SoNiC[/SPOILER]
- aFreedom
[SPOILER=Click to view]seffieRRR (c)
ktulugsu
xertz
lordo
kamando[/SPOILER]
- Viewer Confirmed
[SPOILER=Click to view]jimNeso (c)
syliX
baAL
missmemore
Tea[/SPOILER]
Registered not paid:
- Vintage
[SPOILER=Click to view]braidon (c)
Stryker
TBG
merbz
virt[/SPOILER]
- Golden Gabe Time
[SPOILER=Click to view]Fasffy (c)
IroN
Hedgey
NAK
TBA[/SPOILER]
- RBT
[SPOILER=Click to view]PeteyG (c)
HaZ
Tammer
Jokes
CHRiSOAOW[/SPOILER]
- Mystery
[SPOILER=Click to view]sibe (c)
moku
boomser
jester
JkS[/SPOILER]
- pashtunwali
[SPOILER=Click to view]Nerox (c)
m0nt
Vex
tegs
requiem[/SPOILER]
- darkus
[SPOILER=Click to view]lambr (c)
tek
excelon
hydro
forkus[/SPOILER]
Notice to Team Captains. Please Read!
Prepay information was emailed to you when you registered via the csgo.defraglan.com website. If you did not get an email with the info please PM me ASAP.
Now this is an 8 team event, so the first 8 teams to prepay gain entry.
The other teams left over will be in reserve so still rock up on the day in case other people cannot make it so you can sub in. There will also be opportunities to do some casting and other rigs on the day you can use to access the net or play some other games if you feel like it.
Posted 9:33am Jul 8th 14 Report Quotes
This really is justice of the sweetest kind.
While walking home from their jiu-jitsu class in Brazil, a robber tried to steal from Monique Bastos. The robber, of course, didn't know the person they were robbing was an MMA fighter, who responded by swiftly putting the man in a headlock until police arrived.
According to MMAFighting.com's article:
“I was going to my jiu-jitsu training when they arrived on a motorcycle and said they wanted our phones,” Bastos told MMAFighting.com. “I tried to hold my phone, and I realized they were not armed. When they tried to escape, I lifted the rear wheel of the bike and they fell on the ground. The guy who took my phone ran away, but I was able to get the other one.”
Bastos, who has six professional MMA fights on their record and a few jiu-jitsu matches and muay thai bouts, got them into a rear-naked choke and took them to the sidewalk, where they locked a triangle choke and waited for the police.
We've extensively documented that the Syrian rebels do have access to chemical weapons.
It turns out that a classified U.S. military document says the same thing.
A former senior security policy analyst in the office of the secretary of defense, F. Michael Maloof, reports at WND:
In a classified document just obtained by WND, the U.S. military confirms that sarin was confiscated earlier this year from members of the Jabhat al-Nusra Front, the most influential of the rebel Islamists fighting in Syria.
The document says sarin from al-Qaida in Iraq made its way into Turkey and that while some was seized, more could have been used in an attack last March on civilians and Syrian military soldiers in Aleppo.
The document, classified Secret/Noforn – “Not for foreign distribution” – came from the U.S. intelligence community's National Ground Intelligence Center, or NGIC, and was made available to WND Tuesday.
It revealed that AQI had produced a “bench-scale” form of sarin in Iraq and then transferred it to Turkey.
A U.S. military source said there were a number of interrogations as well as some clan reports as part of what the document said were “50 general indicators to monitor progress and characterize the state of the ANF/AQI-associated Sarin chemical warfare agent developing effort.”
“This (document) depicts our assessment of the status of effort at its peak – primarily research and procurement activities – when disrupted in late May 2013 with the arrest of several key individuals in Iraq and Turkey,” the document said.
“Future reporting of indicators not previously observed would suggest that the effort continues to advance despite the arrests,” the NGIC document said.
The May 2013 seizure occurred when Turkish security forces discovered a two-kilogram cylinder with sarin gas while searching homes of Syrian militants from the al-Qaida-linked Jabhat al-Nusra Front following their initial detention.
The sarin gas was found in the homes of suspected Syrian Islamic radicals detained in the southern provinces of Adana and Mersia.
Some 12 suspected members of the al-Nusra Front were arrested. At the time, they were described by Turkish special anti-terror forces as the “most aggressive and successful arm” of the Syrian rebels.
In the seizure, Turkish anti-terror police also found a cache of weapons, documents and digital data.
***
Sources tell WND the documentation indicates that deadly sarin poison gas was manufactured in a Sunni-controlled region of Iraq and then transported to Turkey for use by the Syrian opposition, whose ranks have swelled with members of al-Qaida and affiliated groups.
KENNESAW, Ga. -- No. 7 Purdue stayed perfect on the season with a 3-0 victory against Kennesaw State Saturday night. The Boilermakers (6-0) won the match 25-23, 25-14, 25-13 to stretch their set win streak to 18.
Junior Sam Epenesa and redshirt sophomore Faye Adelaja led the team offensively with 12 and 10 kills respectively, while redshirt first-year student Ashley Evans added nine kills to go with their team-leading 10 digs. Five other players got in on the offensive action.
Defensively, Evans and redshirt sophomore Kate Workman pulled up 10 digs to pace the Boilers. Senior Val Nichol and first-year student Lydia Dimke added seven each, while junior Amanda Neill managed six saves. At the net, Nichol led the way with five blocks, while Adelaja added four stuffs.
The Boilermakers hit at a .308 clip, while holding KSU to a .070 effort. Purdue also put up nine blocks to the Owls' four.
Epenesa was named as the KSU Owl Invitational MVP, while Neill, Nichol and Adelaja garnered all-tournament team honors.
The first set featured three lead changes and came down to the wire. Six different Boilers managed two or more kills, led by Epenesa's three, while Nichol put up three of Purdue's five blocks. Kennesaw State went up 4-2 in the early going, but the Boilermakers scored eight of the next 11 points to turn the deficit into a 10-7 lead on a block by senior KiKi Jones. The Owls charged back with a 7-1 run to go ahead 14-11 and force a Purdue timeout. The Boilers scored seven of the next 10 out of the break to regain the edge at 18-17. Dimke served an ace and two kills from first-year student Azariah Stahl put Purdue up 22-18 and a kill by Jones made it 24-21, but KSU held off two set point chances before an Epenesa kill ended it at 25-23.
Epenesa exploded for six kills, while Adelaja put down five in the second set, which saw the Boilers hit .289 to KSU's .067 effort. KSU led early, 2-1, but then it was nearly all Boilers. Purdue went up 6-2 early, including two Epenesa kills and a Jones ace. A kill by Stahl pushed the lead to 10 at 16-6. The Owls scored five consecutive points to narrow the gap to 16-11 and prompt a Purdue timeout, but the Boilermakers finished off the set on a 9-3 run. A pair of Adelaja kills, including a final over-the-shoulder flip shot, capped the stanza.
Evans put down five kills and Nichol, Adelaja and Epenesa added three each as Purdue dominated the third set with a .429 hitting effort. The Boilers led by 9-4 early and upped the advantage to seven at 14-7 as Evans turned in their five kills. Kennesaw State cut the margin to four at 17-13, but that only served to spark an 8-0 Boilermaker run to end the night.
Jones recorded their 700th career kill in the second set and moved into fourth place on Purdue's career block assists list with 378, tying Debbie McDonald (1986-89).
With today's release of The Taking of Pelham 123, Tony Scott's remake of the 1974 caper film about a hijacked No. 6 train, I am bracing for another onslaught of nostalgia for New York City in the 1970s. The theory goes like this: Back when the city was nearly bankrupt and everyone looked like Al Pacino in Serpico, New York was scuzzy, but it had soul. (Because it was scuzzy, it had soul.) The lofts of SoHo were hives of funky industry. Reggie Jackson and Billy Martin were trying to strangle each other in the Yankee clubhouse. Television was playing at CBGBs; Bianca Jagger was snorting coke at Studio 54. Everyone was out of work; there was a real-live serial killer on the loose; and when a blackout hit the city, actual looting and mayhem ensued! You know, New York was dangerous, "edgy"—authentic.
This has become a party-line position among New York's arty chattering classes, especially as the economic downturn threatens to teleport us back to the bad old days. A trendy thing to say (in certain New York circles, at least) is that '70s-style deprivation would ultimately be a boon, scrubbing the gilding off the 21st-century metropolis and purging the town of hedge-funders and Eurotrash. The rents would drop, and bohemia would blossom again in the shadows of the condo towers and chain stores.
Advertisement
James Wolcott doesn't go that far in their tone poem to '70s New York published in the June issue of Vanity Fair. But "Splendor in the Grit" typifies the romantic pop-historical vision of the period—a surprise, coming from Wolcott's normally acid-dipped pen. Wolcott draws reasonable contrasts between the city of then and now, pointing out that New York was "a more egalitarian city than it subsequently became with the rise of the super-rich," and that Manhattan below 14th Street holds less surprise today than it did in the days when "art galleries and Off Off Broadway theaters could spring up in shoebox storefronts."
But then they get all rhapsodic about how hard-boiled the place was. The city, they write, instilled in its denizens a "jungle-cat quickness ... and fine-tuned a ninja ability to suss out something ugly about to go down at the pimp bar." The tourists "looked scared." (Awesome!) And Wolcott's kicker is a doozy. Evoking the possibility of a "second go-round of the 70s" this time with "those spiky glass buildings that have gone up in recent years ... reflecting our own overreaching folly back at us with sterile mockery," Wolcott concludes: "Really, I much prefer rubble."
Oh, does he? Wolcott may have seen rubble on the front page of the Times when President Carter visited the South Bronx. But I doubt they had to step over any on their way to the art-house cinemas about which they wax lyrical. I don't know about Wolcott's own circumstances, but I'm confident that many of their fellow travelers in '70s bourgeois-bohemia had a social safety net to fall back on if things really got ugly—namely, parents in a Westchester colonial or a Central Park West classic six with an empty guest room and a full refrigerator.
If you weren't a scene maker, New York's crumminess held a lot less allure. Stagflation, rotting infrastructure, sanitation workers' strikes, and rampant crime didn't just turn New Yorkers into ninjas and jungle cats—it made the city an incredibly unpleasant and often terrifying place to live. I have a memory, from around the time I was in second grade, of a perhaps forgotten New York folkway: the breakfast table distribution of "mugger money," cash that parents would give to their kids before packing them off to school. The idea being that a $20 bill would placate the mugger so they would opt not to blow a child's head off.
Or take some more memories from my family scrapbook. My mother was robbed at knifepoint on upper Broadway two times in 1974. They worked for a time at a city-run drug rehabilitation program in the Bronx, where they witnessed appalling corruption, including the sexual exploitation of junkie prostitutes by the bureaucrat in charge. (Her attempts to report this to higher-ups were met with indifference.) They got laid off in fiscal crisis of 1975 and took a job driving a taxi, which was very scary work, especially for a woman. Eventually, they had to move with their young son to Boston—a far worse fate, as I'm sure Wolcott knows, than living in a New York with fewer storefront galleries.
I hasten to add that my mother was a Barnard-educated professional who grew up in a tony Connecticut town, in the heart of New York's affluent commuter belt. Things were much direr for those teenage hookers in the rehab program and for millions of other New Yorkers whose plight is reduced, in the Life on Mars-Bronx Is Burning version of history, to the backdrop before which scenes of "gritty" glamour unfold.
Don't get me wrong: New York in the '70s was uniquely vibrant. No reasonable person is immune to the charms of Bella Abzug's hats, the Rolling Stones' Some Girls album, or Joseph Sargent's crud-caked lens. But the town was also uniquely miserable—not a place we want to revisit. There is something gross about nostalgists aestheticizing squalor that they never really, fully experienced.
Is the Rivalry Between Wanderlei Silva and Chael Sonnen Real? Yes… and No
The UFC is relying on a few changes to The Ultimate Fighter Brazil to spice up its third season – adding two female coaches from outside the MMA world that are prominent professional athletes in their chosen sports and the addition of an Octagon Girl contest within the confines of the show – but as everyone knew coming into the show much of the promotional focus is on the coaches: Wanderlei Silva and Chael Sonnen.
Silva and Sonnen have been taking shots at each other outside of the Octagon for years, each trying to goad the other into a fight. The UFC finally put the fight together, taking full advantage of their rivalry to fuel TUF Brazil 3. Silva and Sonnen are heading the teams on the show and then are expected to step into the Octagon opposite one another on May 31 in Brazil.
The question for most fans has been whether or not their rivalry is simply promotional hype or a true bad blood.
Much like the feud between Tito Ortiz and Ken Shamrock in the past, it appears that it's a little bit of both. There seem to have been cameras in tow at the most opportune times, such as when Silva chased Sonnen down at the Mr. Olympia festival, and then again when the two exploded into fisticuffs on the set of the show.
There is an element of personal disdain for both men, but each is also taking advantage of opportune moments to build the hype that is so common in sports rivalries these days.
For Silva, however, it may be a little more personal than those who call it a hypefest might believe.
Again, timing it for the full promotional effect following the debut of TUF Brazil 3 on UFC's Fight Pass on Sunday, Silva released a video that acknowledged some of the hype aspect of their rivalry, pointing primarily at Sonnen's side of the equation, but personalized their own approach to the rivalry.
Silva says that Sonnen puts on a happy face when the cameras are on him, but then talks smack about Silva behind their back to producers and others. When Silva approached Sonnen about their alleged behind-his-back comments, they said Sonnen told them it was only so-much promotional propaganda.
That doesn't fly for Silva, who doesn't take it well when the smack talk starts to get too personal.  They are a proud Brazilian, and takes Sonnen's derogatory comments about Brazil and its people personally, extremely so.
“For me, it doesn't work this way. But when the cameras would come [on]: ‘Hey, Wanderlei, good morning!' Then the director would come to shoot the interview and and would say that Sonnen said terrible things about me,” Silva recounted. “Then later, in front of the camera, they would try to be nice. So when the cameras are on, it seems like they are the nice guy and like I am arrogant. That's not the truth.
“When I came up to him, they said it's only promotion. To say things and then say it's only promotion just doesn't work. The guy makes jokes about homeless children. You use poor children in your jokes to make a few extra bucks? Be a man! I told them never to do that again. It's not something you can do.”
To be sure, Silva has their head wrapped around the promotional game as well as Sonnen does. The question appears to be more about where each of them draws the line.
And as much as Silva may take Sonnen's approach personally, it seems to have lit a fire under him, and played well into their own attempts at promotion.
“It made me feel younger to brawl with [Sonnen]. I got a feel for it and I can tell I will destroy him,” said Silva. “The UFC got it right, picking us as coaches. It couldn't be a bigger rivalry.”
Follow MMAWeekly.com on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
The Bank of England is having problems controlling inflation Consumers will be "crucified" unless the government changes its inflation target, a leading economist has warned. Peter Spencer from the influential Ernst & Young Item Club is urging ministers to change the 2% inflation target used by the Bank of England. They warned that interest rates would have to stay at 5% if inflation is to be brought down to 2%. They added that keeping interest rates at their current level would hurt hard-pressed households. With annual inflation at 3%, the Bank has little room to cut borrowing. March's 0.8% monthly rise in consumer prices was the steepest for nearly seven years. Moving targets Bank of England Governor Mervyn King has said its rate-setting body, the Monetary Policy Committee, is facing its "most difficult challenge" with inflation rising and growth weakening. It is required by government to focus on stopping inflation getting more than one percentage point above or below its 2% target, but Mr King has warned that this condition is unlikely to be met for the foreseeable future. The Chancellor should have a very good look at the specification of monetary policy
Peter Spencer, chief economic adviser, Ernst & Young Item Club Professor Spencer said consumers were paying the price for an inflation target that had become unrealistic given the volatility of oil and food prices. "The consumer will have to be crucified in order to meet the inflation target as it stands at the moment," Professor Spencer, who sits on a panel of economists known as the "Shadow MPC", told the Daily Telegraph. "If we stick with the current remit we will need to keep interest rates at or about 5% for a good 12 months to get inflation back on track." "There is a very big 'if' there. The chancellor should have a very good look at the specification of monetary policy." Since 2003 the government has used the consumer price index (CPI) as its inflation benchmark that, in turn, is used by the MPC. Leaving rates where they are now for the foreseeable future would further squeeze household incomes and force companies to cut jobs, Professor Spencer warned. They called for the Bank of England's remit to change so it focused on "core inflation", a measure that excludes food and energy prices and is used in the US. "The point is to nail your colours to a mast that you can actually control rather than house and energy prices which you cannot." Critics of this approach say excluding food and fuel costs from calculations would be absurd since they account for such a large slice of household budgets. Mr King has warned that the economy is facing a "bumpy" period over the next year during which growth will slow markedly yet inflation remain well above target.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Writers on the Range Stop attacking pastoralists. We're part of natural resource management, too. A sheepherder speaks out about labor and environmental concerns.
A lot of criticism is heard these days about immigrant labor. Even as agriculturalists are being exhorted to double the world's food supply to feed a projected population of more than 10 billion human beings, livestock growers –especially grazers – are blamed for everything from contributing to climate change to exploiting immigrant labor.
Yet smart natural resource management benefits soils, plants, wildlife and people. So, as someone who has spent many years as a sheepherder, I want to cast some light on the issue of foreign herders, rather than turn up the heat.
For three years, my husband and I practiced the “world's second-oldest profession” – herding our sheep ourselves. We rose before dawn, made sure the animals had access to feed and water, rode around the flock to set the day's perimeter for rotational grazing, and tried to fend off predators. We partnered with our border collies, livestock guardian dogs, and reliable horses. In the summer, we rode out on horseback at first light. When the heat of the day settled in, the ewes and lambs napped until evening brought cool, and we napped, too. In the short winter days when snow covered the ground, we'd feed corn and extra hay to the pregnant ewes.
USDA
It was, and is, a vocation that follows the seasons, the sun and the moon, and the weather. It was, and is, a satisfying life. We still produce food and fiber with sheep, though these days our responsibilities include running a complicated ranch. I tell people, “We raise sheep, cattle, horses, dogs and children.”
Our livelihood depends upon skilled sheepherders. They live much as we did, in sheep wagons that are moved on a regular basis, always following the seasons and the grass. They usually lack electricity and running water, but the wagons are nicer than they were in our day. They come with solar panels, DVD players and cellphones. Still, it is mostly a solitary life.
Our sheepherders come from Peru on H-2A visas, which allow them to live and work for three consecutive years. As non-immigrant employees, they must go home for at least three months before returning to the U.S. Most of our shepherds fulfill their three-year contracts and often return for many contracts. Many have children, and choose to leave home in order to provide an education and a better life for their families. In Peru, alternative jobs mostly involve mining under dangerous conditions, or working on the road crews that build access to Peruvian ports for the Chinese.
Herding sheep is a job that virtually no American citizen wants to do. A worker shortage in almost all agricultural production jobs has been the norm since the post-World War II years. The process to acquire the H-2A visas for these non-immigrant legal workers is so Byzantine that it costs the employer around $4,000 and the prospective employee around $1,000 just to get started.
The employee must be experienced and skilled in livestock handling. The employer must provide room, board, basic necessities, workers' compensation insurance, and travel to and from the home country. The wages are set by the Department of Labor.
Several groups, mostly with legal backgrounds, have made sheepherder visas their “cause célèbre.” They accuse ranchers like us of being slavers, and seek out disgruntled former herders, some of them now illegal, to file complaints. They cite one ranch that has been notorious for abusing employees and characterize that as the norm. But remember: Herders are in the United States legally. They work under the protection of the law.
Recently, the Department of Labor enacted broad changes to rules and regulations. It mandated higher wages that come to around $1,200 per month before benefits. Most growers already paid wages higher than the previous minimum of $750. Now the Labor Department is slow-tracking visas, jeopardizing livestock and crops, farms and ranches, and the workers, stuck in limbo without jobs.
Groups like “Toward Justice” have filed a steady stream of lawsuits, but ironically, those involved in the litigation industry against employers have come full circle. Their allies include extremists who wish to remove all grazers from the landscape and those on the far right who want no immigrant labor at all.
Meanwhile, it seems that every category of food production is being attacked through public-relations campaigns and lawsuits. While local food production and farmers' markets can feed some folks, every aspect of growing food involves a lot of labor — labor that most Americans have neither the time nor desire to perform.
Attacking pastoralists serves no one. The charge that it is somehow unsavory to live a remote life while doing the ancient and honorable work of tending livestock is disrespectful to those of us who have chosen this path.
High Country News. They work the land in Wyoming and Colorado.
Note: the opinions expressed in this column are those of the writer and do not necessarily reflect those of High Country News, its board or staff. If you'd like to share an opinion piece of your own, please write Betsy Marston at [email protected].
The controversial ad campaign featuring a model in a bikini that asks “Are you beach body ready?” has been banned by the advertising watchdog because of “concerns” over its weight loss claims.
After receiving about 360 complaints about the campaign, mostly that it objectified women, the Advertising Standards Authority has also launched an inquiry into whether the ad is offensive.
A spokesperson for the ASA explained that it was the health claims that led to the decision not to let the ad return in its current form. “We've met with Protein World to discuss its “Are you beach body ready?” ad campaign. It's coming down in the next three days and, due to our concerns about a range of health and weight loss claims made in the ad, it can't appear again in its current form.”
The ad campaign, which promotes Protein World weight-loss products, is due to end a three-week run on London underground. The vast majority of complainants argue that the ad is offensive, irresponsible and harmful because it promotes an unhealthy body image.
“Although the ad won't appear in the meantime, we've launched an investigation to establish if it breaks harm and offence rules or is socially irresponsible,” said the spokesperson.
“We will now carefully and objectively explore the complaints that have prompted concerns around body confidence and promptly publish our findings.”
Representatives of the ASA met with the company on Wednesday to discuss the nature of the complaints.
The ASA will investigate the ads to see if they are in breach of the UK code relating to taste, decency and harm and offence.
Transport for London is in the process of removing the ads because they have come to the end of their contract period.
“It is coming to a natural end,” said a spokesperson for TfL. “This advertisement will begin to be removed from our network as scheduled from tomorrow. We have received one complaint about it and we will be guided by the Committee of Advertising Practice and Advertising Standards Authority if a similar advert were to be submitted again. We have zero tolerance towards graffiti on the network and take action to prevent it and remove it.”
The campaign has touched a nerve, with almost 60,000 people signing an online petition at Change.org calling on Protein World to take down the ads.
A “taking back the beach” protest has been organised to take place in London's Hyde Park on Saturday. More than 400 people are expected to attend.
Protein World, which has received death threats about the campaign, has been unrepentant with chief executive Arjun Seth likening feminists to “terrorists”.
Katie Hopkins called the protesters “angry chubsters” on Twitter – a comment that prompted Protein World's head of marketing to say it was “great” that the columnist had got involved.
This month, the ASA investigated nine issues regarding Protein World's website and upheld all of them. Questions had been raised over whether a number of health and nutrition claims were authorised on the EU Register, and a competition featured before and after photographs which implied a rate of weight loss.
Lightweight, easily transportable design makes it easy to capture amazing images on the go
Weighing just 3.3kg (7.2lb), the S900 has a maximum take-off weight of 8.2kg (18lb)
Compatible with DJI's Zenmuse Z15, GH3, GH4, and BMPCC gimbals for professional quality images and video
Hong Kong, August 4, 2014 – DJI, the market leader in flying camera technology, announced today the launch of the DJI Spreading Wings S900, a powerful hexacopter that allows creators and innovators unprecedented portability and ease of use in capturing high-quality images from the sky.
The S900 provides a lightweight frame and foldable arms making it easily transportable to anywhere aerial photographers and filmmakers want to go. It is also compatible with other innovative DJI tools including the DJI Lightbridge video downlink and the Zenmuse Z15, GH3, GH4 and BMPCC gimbals, providing a broad number of imaging options.
Weighing in at 3.3kg (7.2lb) the S900 uses DJI's fastest electronic speed controller (ESC) and strong 4114 pro motors, allowing it to have a take-off weight of 8.2kg (18lb). It can fly for up to 18 minutes when paired with a 6S 12000mAh battery and carrying a 6.8kg (15lb).
Featuring the same low mounting brackets, retractable landing gears and vibration dampening that has been a hallmark of DJI's professional Spreading Wings series, the S900 is uniquely compact enough to carry in the back of a small car, allowing pilots to capture professional-quality aerial images anywhere.
DJI also redesigned the S900's power distribution board to minimize the number of cables, creating a system that is easier to setup, more reliable during flight, and safer to use.
The DJI S900 is available for pre-order through authorized dealers across the globe for an MSRP of up to US$3,800, depending on flight controller and gimbal options. Find out more at DJI.com/S900
The petition, signed by 10 women, calls for measures to protect women's rights and also calls for allowing women to drive in the kingdom.
RIYADH // A group of Saudi women have petitioned the Shura Council to back a demand to curb the “absolute authority” of male guardians over women in the kingdom.
Saudi Arabia imposes a strict interpretation of Islamic law, forbidding women to work or travel without the authorisation of their male guardians.
It is also the only country that bans women from driving, and a woman cannot obtain an identification card without the consent of their guardian.
Aziza Yousef, one of the women who signed the petition, said “rights activists have petitioned the Shura Council on the occasion of the International Women's Day (on March 8) demanding an end to the absolute authority of men over women”.
They demanded measures to protect women's rights, they said.
Laws in the kingdom enforcing such restrictions on women “are not based on religious” teachings, said Ms Yousef.
The petition, signed by nine other women, also calls for allowing women to drive.
Women in Saudi must obtain permission from a male guardian to perform “certain surgeries” and to “leave the university campus during study hours,” they said.
They cited a recent case in which a pregnant student had to give birth on campus after a women-only university in Riyadh denied access to paramedics.
And a university student died last month after paramedics were prevented from entering their campus because they were not accompanied by a male guardian, a must according to the segregation rules in the kingdom.
This year, Saudi Arabia suspended a notification programme that had been running since 2012, which alerted male guardians once women under their custody left the country, even if they were travelling together.
Three female members of the Shura Council presented a recommendation that women be given the right to drive in October, but the male-dominated 150-member assembly blocked the proposal.
The Shura Council is appointed by the king and advises the monarch on policy, but cannot legislate.
* Agence France-Presse
Things That Really Need To Go In 2013 Posted by Pile (13989 views) [E-Mail link] [ BSAlert *exclusive* ]
In the last few years, a number of social constructs seem to have become so engorged and dramatic, I desperately want to assume they've peaked and thus, offer up my hopeful plea that perhaps these things should decline if not begin to disappear from our social radar in the coming year. Read on as I'm sure not everyone will agree with me...
"REALITY" TELEVISION
I know it's foolish to think that "reality tv" is going to go away. That cat's out of the bag, but can we stop pretending that it's anything more than pretend?
If you think those people and scenarios on Pawn Stars, Storage Wars, Hardcore Pawn, and American Pickers are real, look behind your ass and see if YOU have a wireless mic attached to you when someone comes knocking on your door. Of course that 1962 pinball machine is worth four grand because some fat dumbshit says it is. Have you been to the Pawn Stars location in Vegas? Those guys aren't there. It's a nice racket. And even in the rare chance that actual spontaneous human interaction is videotaped, it's ultimately in the hands of the editors as to who they want to make look good or ugly. And it's all about creating the most appealing train wreck, racial stereotype, faux fight or once-in-a-lifetime-deal each and every week.
When I watch these reality shows, it's now almost like watching the culture of another planet, where someone can actually charge six thousand dollars to repaint an old coca-cola cooler.
It was inevitable that the line between show content and advertising was going to be blurred, but now we have businesses that start as television shows. Just about every reality tv show on now has a corresponding retail outlet and elaborate merchandising setup. Do you feel your chain being yanked yet? The producers of these shows are wise to the "star factor" and make new participants sign away huge rights to their own lives to participate in reality tv shows. The producers of shows like American Idol own and control the contestants' material and lives to a huge degree beyond what you see on tv. Even ridiculous ghost-hunting reality shows now have contracts that give the show's producers a percentage of income these people make outside of the tv show. The whole thing is one big commercial now.
And then there's all the environment-raping shows that are such big hits: Loggers, The Deadliest Catch, Ice Road Truckers, Gold Rush, etc.. The 800 pound elephant in the room that nobody talks about is that all these people are profiting by pilfering all the land's natural resources they can get and leaving a trail of engine parts and hydraulic fluid behind. And the plot for every show, every week is the same. Start up your equipment, shit, something broke. Get out the welder and fix it. Wash. Rinse. Repeat. f*ck up the planet, eradicate an ecosystem, and go home to your family (tight shot on the American flag waving in the front yard) and have some apple pie. Good bless the USA!
THE ANTI-BULLYING MOVEMENT
What has happened to our society where everyone has now become a delicate little flower that wilts in the face of even the slightest look of disapproval?
I'm not talking about physical abuse. There will never be an acceptable excuse for someone to physically attack an innocent person. But words.... mere words... are another matter entirely.
It seems an entire generation has now grown up without being told, "Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me." And instead of recognizing this crucial element of reality, that we all will inevitably, unavoidably, be surrounded by people with differing opinions and levels of patience and toleration for our particular proclivities, people now unravel and implode into quivering balls of discontent, now demanding that the remainder of the world bend around the cracks in their fragile sense of self.
Puh-leeze. You'd have better luck asking a polar bear to become vegan.
Like it or not, it's human nature to judge and criticize. It's genetically-programmed into us to be afraid of things we don't understand. In a perfect world, there would be no prejudice, but we have to be realistic and understand that the best approach towards maintaining understanding, peace, harmony and mutual-respect is by respecting other people (but note that respect is earned as well), and not trying to sanction other people for merely having an ignorant opinion. Address the message; not the messenger. And grow a thicker skin and deal with the fact that the world is full of petty people who criticize others to deflect attention from their own insecurities. They will get what's coming to them without you turning it into a hyper-dramatic pity-party.
So man up. Gay people? Someone calls you a "fag?" Call them an ignorant idiot, and let it go. There. That's one less whiny 10-minute YouTube video the rest of us don't have to watch. And with all due respect, if it's justifiable to kill oneself because the majority of our community doesn't approve of our lifestyle choices, we'd all be dead. Man up. If you want respect, earn it. You can't demand it unconditionally, especially from homophobic morons.
FAUX CONTROVERSY
It's the twenty-first century people. It's time to stop pretending that certain scientific ideals are "controversial" in any legitimate sense, when they in fact, are not. The jury is not out on evolution, nor human-made global climate change. These are factual realities that our culture should no longer be debating. If you have a friend who insists man cannot irreversibly f*ck up the environment, or that the earth is 6000 years old, you're not doing him/her a favor by tolerating such ignorance. You are actually perpetrating the continued propagation of such BS by not challenging such boneheaded perspectives, and it needs to stop. The truth is, there's nothing wrong with calling some opinions, "100% moronic." Yes, everybody is entitled to their opinion, but not all opinions deserve equal respect and consideration. Please remember this, and take it into account when I suggest it's not only appropriate, but much appreciated when in certain scenarios, you characterize someone as, "batshiat crazy."
THE ABDICATION OF PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY
If there is a recurring theme apparent in my evaluation of the decline of human society in the twenty-first century is revolving around the ongoing premise that nothing ever seems to be "our fault." It's always somebody else that's responsible everything that troubles us.
No institution has done more to fuel this (aside from politics which I'll get to later) than the pharmaceutical industry. No matter what your il, there's a pill. The pseudo-scientific term of "syndrome" used to describe something that otherwise cannot be nailed down in a legitimate sense, is the impetus for the mass marketing of a zillion unproven substances that promise to fix whatever you think you might have, from restless legs to dry eyes to fatigue, to having annoying children. There's a pill for that. Here's a support group for you. It's not your fault.
One thing I've noticed is that the degree to which the mainstream is willing to blame themselves for various problems is inversely proportional to the amount of income they have. The more money you have, the less likely it's your fault, and instead you merely need to buy something to remedy the situation. What? You don't have any money? Well get off your lazy ass and do something about it instead of expecting someone or something else to fix your own problems!
THE PROMOTION AND CHAMPIONING OF EXTREME SELFISHNESS
I don't know if you've noticed it, but it seems Madison Avenue has hit a slight wall in terms of
their never-ending quest to convince us that we need more crap than we could possibly ever use. They've tried social peer pressure and "the cool factor"; they've tried using fear and scare tactics to get you to buy stuff; even the old standby of sex and love is becoming tired. Of course when you purchase that Mazda Underling with the 1.7 liter V4 you're going to have women trying to pry down your electric tinted windows at every street corner, but the sales aren't coming in fast enough.
What's going on?
Aside from having less money and means these days, maybe consumers have found their long lost conscience? When mom has to choose between a $200 Clarisonic spinning face brush instead of baby formula, you need some special sauce to lube the narrow confines of their shameway to snag their un-disposable income for your Chinese-made glam-tool.
The advertising industry's new technique seems to be the glorification and promotion of selfishness as the impetus to push you over the edge and "get what you deserve" and everyone else be damned -- literally.
No market is safe from this new technique. Even cheap-ass candy bars are employing slogans like, "Two for me, None for you" and "Better not lay a finger on my Butterfinger." How dare ANYONE consider for a moment that I'm going to share my artificially-chocolate-covered corn syrup stick with them? Go f*ck yourself, freeloader, this is mine!
Hey, remember when McDonald's used to say, "You deserve a break today?" Only slightly self-absorbed.. Now it's not just about thinking yourself, but manipulating others to get what you want...
According to McDonald's lying your ass off is "smart"
BLAMING POLITICAL PARTIES
Just f*cking stop it. Republicans. Democrats. One side is screwing up the country; one side is trying to save it. Ignorant, bone-headed rants about how "the 2-party system is destroying America.." blah.. blah.. blah.. It's all bullshit.
The notion that "the other guy" is to blame for this-or-that is ridiculous and wrong. You know who's to blame? YOU!
Because if you're like most Americans you stupidly think that the sum-total of your civic duty to make our country shit greatness out of every orifice and create zillions of jobs and turn every middle-class insurance agent into another Rockefeller is to press a button in a booth once every four years, you're a naive idiot. *whew* That was hard work. You must be tired. Sit down and have a Capris Sun and bitch about how Obama or Bush has ruined the chances of you getting that private island you wanted. f*cking repblitard democraps!
The truth is, a 3rd party, a 5th party, or a dozen additional viable parties wouldn't solve the problem. If a third party became viable, what's to think it would be magically-immune from the same corruptive influences that plague the existing major parties?
Until the populace starts fixating on issues and solutions, instead of attacking the flavor-of-the-week talking-head strawman politician, things aren't going to change.
You want change? Get on the phone right now to your Congressman, Senator, Representative -- you can reach them and influence them. If the only time you're politically-active is on election day, you've lost, because every other day there's some knob working for AIG, Halliburton, Shell, AIPAC, or Blue Cross taking them out to lunch and making them go their way.
Until the American people start taking responsibility instead of blaming everybody else for what they don't like, nothing will change. How about we start taking responsibility?
Got everything but one right
Posted by Paco on 2012-12-31 12:11:01 I agree with your rant pretty much except the bullying thing. If you're talking about bullying in school-age children, then it is appropriate to step in as adults and stop it. They are children, for chrissakes, and words do hurt children and can do serious harm.
I agree that adults these days seem to have thinner skins than ever, and I wish every adult should just sack up from religitards to gangsters to TV talking heads (but that wouldn't get eyeballs, would it?). bullying...
Posted by Pile on 2013-01-01 23:23:29 I'm not saying bullying is acceptable. What I'm saying is, the campaign to encourage people to not make fun of others is a lost cause. A more effective "anti-bullying" campaign is to encourage people to ignore bullies and not take it personally. Call your congressmaggot? Gimme a break
Posted by Crackers on 2013-01-07 13:50:43 No issue with most of the list, but call your congress-idiot? Gimme a break. I've both called and emailed Senator Cornyn or that as*-hat Rep Lloyd Doggett multiple times, left messages or cordially expressed a concern and requested a response and they NEVER respond. These as*holes don't care one bit. Same sh*t when I lived in Duncan Hunter's district in CA. And our POSident spits on us anyway (not that Romney would have been much different, but they aren't elected and Barack Obonehead doesn't even pretend to care).
What needs to go in 2013 is the US government - in its current form it can go straight to hell.
And as for being selfish, thanks to the federal govt's desire to rip me off I have cut off any charitable giving and volunteer work. F*ck society - the GD'd as*holes in this world can rot. F*ckin bunch of handout monkey takers, enabled by a bunch of thieving politicians elected by a loser citizenry.
By the way, if you don't like sucky reality TV, turn it off and cancel cable. Making that one go in 2013 is easy. Deleted posts?
Posted by Crackers on 2013-01-08 10:02:45 Why dont you have a BS alert about your deleting legitimate posts? You act as if this site is some base of knowledge, but then you delete posts? may as well be the flippin govt. Hmmm
Posted by Crackers on 2013-01-08 10:03:47 Sorry, now it shows up. I refreshed 5 times before. My apologies Posted by Pile on 2013-01-22 21:43:13 lol no problem On Reality
Posted by The 3rd. on 2013-02-23 08:55:08 The reality of Storage locker type shows, it killed and outlet for people making a legit living. What used to cost a couple hundered on a locker is now a thousand. The people peep bidding get burned 99% of the time. Next auction there are a dozen more strike it richers waving and bidding on that hidden treasure in every locker. BS I'm not stepping in it, and hope this period of dillusions disapers. Name: (change name for anonymous posting) Title: Comments: 1 Article displayed.
Share With Your Allies!
email
Hello from across the pond! This Be My Ally post comes from Hannah who resides in the UK
Let's Talk About It
The name is Hannah, I'm almost 26 years old and I'm married with two cats. I work as a maths tutor when I'm well enough and in my spare time I play video games, write fan fictions, listen to music and write the world's wrongs all before dinner.
Tell Us One Fun Fact About You
I run two YouTube channels; one for my games and one for my music that I make.
Tell Us Your Story
I have always been one of those “sickly” children. I picked up every bug going and even as a child I suffered from Epilepsy. When I was 15 I fell down some concrete stairs and I damaged the nerves in my back and developed sciatica. As life went on I had outgrown the epilepsy but I struggled with mental health issues and with chronic pain and ended up nearly dying from sepsis in the womb once *long story* as I went through my life I had a breakdown once, twice, three times I had a breakdown. I was diagnosed with a form of bipolar disorder and then I started to develop symptoms of fibromyalgia. Fast forward two years later and I've had to give up working and struggle with fatigue and pain on a daily basis. I try to stay positive but false positivity tends to be worse for your mental health than being realistic.
What Have You Learned About Fibromyalgia? What Are Your Experiences?
What have I learned about fibromyalgia? It's a selfish condition; it makes you consider yourself before anyone else. It's not necessarily a bad thing because I was guilty of never considering myself and spreading myself too thin.
What Should We Know About Fibromyalgia?
Fibro is a chronic pain condition that's incurable and has other lovely problems that come with it. It's incurable but it's manageable.
Do You Have Any Advice For Dealing With This Condition?
Advice for dealing with fibro? Keep your sense of humour, when your brain mixes up and you lose your patience; laugh.
What Do You Want People To Know?
That if I cancel plans last minute or I bury my face in my phone it's for a good reason. People should also learn that i have to “save up my spoons” for doing even simple things like going grocery shopping so bear with me.
How Can I Be Your Ally?
I can be your ally by always being honest. I might seem like a pessimist but I'm really just being real.
Helpful links:
For another post on Fibromyalgia, click HERE.
Online global fibromyalgia support group: http://www.myfibroteam.com
American Chronic Pain Association
American Fibromyalgia Syndrome Association
National Fibromyalgia Research Association
Looking for more? Check out Hannah's YouTube Channel, Hannah Matronic.
Want to see more of this? Like us on Facebook or donate our Patreon for fantastic perks!
A lawyer from British Columbia, named Perminder Tung, has filed a $25,000 lawsuit in small claims court against the technology giant. Tung claims they and their family lost over a year's worth of pictures, including those of their newborn child, when the drive in their Time Capsule failed.
Upon bringing the defective unit to the Genius Bar at their local Apple Store, Tung claims the technician they spoke with told them that the data was lost and irretrievable. The lawyer's claims go on to say that the same tech told them that the Time Capsule line was plagued with power supply and design issues. Upon returning home and doing some research on the internet, they indeed found that other users have had similar issues with Apple's backup appliance. Apple hasn't commented on the lawsuit as of yet, but Tung may have a leg to stand on if they can indeed prove that the pictures were on the drive, and that the device suffered from the asupervisorstioned issues.
Apple did indeed have production issues with the Time Capsule when it first released, there was a small recall on some of the very first units off the line due to a bad power supply issue. I myself had one go bad in this way, only to have Apple deny any kind of warranty service even though it turned out to be a power supply issue. Upon removing the drive from the device (after Apple said it wouldn't help) I found all the data and the drive to be in working order, the malfunction due to the fact that the power supply had failed and couldn't power the drive properly.
It will be interesting to see how this case moves forward as it could set precedent at least in the Canadian legal system. Whichever way it goes, it shows that consumers need to diversify their backup procedures to ensure that precious data doesn't get lost or destroyed. The Time Capsule isn't a magical piece of equipment that will never fail, it's a hard drive that sits on top of low-level programming that communicates with OS X. That hard drive, any hard drive, will fail at some point!
via CBC News.
As the pre-primary season begins, it becomes obvious to me that Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton are relics from our political past and Elizabeth Warren is a gathering fresh breeze for our rapidly changing political climate. Jeb looks old, wane and somewhat conscious of the impossible burden their name carries. Hillary has so much political baggage that it may never get unpacked and many are having second thoughts about their political leanings and presidential ambitions. That leaves the stage open for Senator Elizabeth Warren who will soon be making their presence felt on the national stage as the only authentic voice for true change ~ but does it really matter: Allen L Roland, Ph.D
“I'm really concerned that too big to fail has become too big to jail. That just seems wrong to me.” Elizabeth Warren ~ remarks to bank regulators during Senate hearing, Feb. 14
As Hillary Clinton arrogantly recently sends a message to Democrats and the media according to Fox News ~ Suck it up. I'm all you've got ~ there's no viable alternative to me other than a Republican president ~ they conveniently forget that a legitimate populist Democrat is in the wings and rapidly picking up voter poll momentum as not only an alternative to yesterday's Hillary and Jeb Bush, with all their well-known baggage, but Elizabeth Warren represents a true other choice, a genuine grassroots candidate who just might deliver on Obama's broken promises and commitment to the status quo. See Fox report:
Here's Warren writing about the recent Republican ambush on basic workers' rights while Hillary puts out email fires as well as continues to ignore their dwindling progressive base;
“Republicans say government should keep on working for employers who don't like unions and who have figured out how to exploit a tangled system. They complain about government inefficiencies, but then they introduce a bill that is specifically designed so that a broken, inefficient system will stay broken and inefficient ~ even when we know how to fix it.
But we weren't sent here just to represent employers who don't like unions. We're here to support working people who just want a fighting chance to level the playing field. Join me right now to tell Congress to let the NLRB do its job. ” See RSN article:
Mark my words, Elizabeth Warren is the stealth candidate who has slipped beneath the radar of the main stream press infatuation with political dinosaurs Bush and Hillary and has already become the darling of the people of Iowa ~ who are fed up with Republican arrogance, Hillary's worn out baggage and Obama's broken promises .
Scott Galindez, Reader Supported News, reported in February, 2015 that “Run Warren Run“ is gaining Steam and High-Profile Support ~ and that was before Hillary' current email account fiasco which Obama has completely distanced themselves from.
“There was also a February poll commissioned by Warren supporters that showed that many are looking for an alternative to Hillary Clinton. This poll was clearly a push poll, but PPP director Tom Jensen defended it as an earnest effort to assess Clinton's weaknesses, asserting they likely “will be testing a lot of this stuff in their own polling.”
The results show they “has some vulnerability ~ and Warren a lot of appeal ~ when it comes to their records on the financial crisis and related economic issues,” Jensen said. “If Clinton does end up running, they will need to take a tougher approach toward the financial industry or risk having the issue give them a lot of trouble with voters across the party spectrum,” they said.
A few key results of the poll:
Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of Hillary Clinton?
Favorable 43% Unfavorable 48% Not sure 10%
If the candidates for president next year were Republican Scott Walker and Democrat Hillary Clinton, who would you vote for?
Scott Walker 42% Hillary Clinton 45% Not sure 14%
There were also questions that showed that voters would be receptive to a Warren candidacy.
The 900 registered voters were from both parties. Clinton does have greater popularity among Democrats. But the results show that Clinton's name recognition does not give them an advantage in the general election, and that their popular support does not go beyond the Democratic Party.” See article ~
But that was yesterday in February and as I mentioned those poll numbers do not reflect Hillary's current personal email problems as Secretary of State ~ which is just one small piece of Hillary's excess baggage.
If Elizabeth Warren runs for president, they will force the Democratic field ~ and the press ~ to engage in a robust and in-depth discussion of progressive priorities like expanding Social Security, alleviating crushing student loan debt, and helping to work families get a fair shot in an economic system that is rigged against them. Without her, those issues are non-issues.
Millions of Americans want Elizabeth Warren to enter the presidential race and the calls are getting louder every day. Watch this five-minute video to see why people seem to love them but does it really make any difference?
Warren is not a mystery candidate born out of despair and frustration as Obama was ~ but instead a transparent populist candidate who is not afraid of making a stand for the people and just may deliver on the promises that Obama, in their straddling tradition, triangulated themselves into ineffectiveness ~ while maintaining the status Quo and an unfair playing field.
Of course, many high ranking Democrats have most likely bought into our one party election system where the leaders are preordained by Wall Street and big money ~ the primaries thus become kabuki theater where the actors play out their roles and the leaders know it's all a farce as Hillary Clinton most certainly does and Fox News projects ~ Suck it up. I'm all you've got ~ there's no viable alternative to me other than a Republican president .
Let's hope I'm wrong but the signs of illusion are all there ~ as the late George Carlin once shared and Elizabeth Warren is becoming increasingly aware of ~ George Carlin The Illusion Of Choice, voting, presidents, corporate control and more… 5-minute video
“I believe the playing field is rigged. Evidence of that is everywhere. Now I've been in the Senate for nearly a year and believe as strongly as ever that the system is rigged for powerful interests and against working families.” Elizabeth Warren
1970 was the absolute zenith of the muscle car era. It all was going great guns. The cars were wilder looking, more powerful, more sexy, and faster than anyone could have imagined that they would ever be. The marketing was also completely off the wall with wild ads being pushed by every company that played right into the testosterone pumping veins of the guys who wanted to own these monsters. Pontiac was among the most creative with Jim Wangers calling the promotional shots as they had been doing for a decade at the brand. It was Wangers who came up with some of the most inventive, evocative, and successful branding for the GTO and other models in the Pontiac lineup. We're not sure they were 100% responsible for this ad but it certainly has their fingerprints on it. While Hank Stram and their Kansas City Chiefs were running over the Minnesota Vikings and nearly 45 million Americans were watching the ad below came onto their screens. Unfortunately for Pontiac, some of those 45 million people were high ranking GM executives who were already feeling heat from insurance companies and the general public about these land-based rocket ships they were building and marketing towards kids. So when an ad came on that was promoting an option that may or may not have been legal by showing a guy trolling for street races, they freaked the F out.
So the ad below is famously known as the “Humbler” spot because it is introducing what the company was going to call its “Humbler” option in the form of dash controlled, vacuum operated exhaust cutouts. As the kid in the commercial does, the driver would pull the knob and the pipes would open letting all of that 4ooci, 350hp music fill the air, the drive in, the burger stand, or the starting line on whatever street the kids gathered to race on. Amazingly, after this ad was shown one time it was pulled out of rotation and never seen on television again. Presumably on Monday morning after the game, calls came down from on high to cancel the VOE (vacuum operated exhaust) option and cancel it effective at that second. Because of this, only 233 1970 GTOs were sold with this option before it was stopped. Pontiac freaks will tell you that if you look at the bracket that holds the Ram Air knob under the dash there is a catch where the cable for the VOE would have gone…if they ever sold it in volume.
November 1969-January 1970 manufacturing dates were the only cars that could have received the installation of the VOE because it was after the game when the hammer came down on it and hard. Someone had to have lost their job over it, even if it wasn't a high level guy we're sure that someone's head was lopped off. That's just how stuff works. Today Waldron Exhaust reproduces the system as the factory made it. So while your car may not have been an actual “Humbler” equipped model, it can be now.
Modern commercials during the game, especially car commercials have become all theatrical and preachy. This was straight ahead, mine is bigger than yours, horsepower, rumble, gut check stuff. You've gotta love it!
PRESS PLAY BELOW TO SEE THE 1970 GTO HUMBLER AD THAT SENT SHOCKWAVES THROUGH GM –
Police on Wednesday arrested two teenaged boys in connection with an alleged sexual assault in Blair last Saturday morning.
Police have arrested Jace Kleebach, 14, of Blair and Justin Greenlaw, 14, of Tekamah. They are both being charged with 1st Degree Sexual Assault and 1st Degree False Imprisonment. WOWT 6 News has decided to name the two minors arrested in this case as they are being charged as adults with two felonies each.
An affidavit obtained by WOWT 6 News indicates the victim, believed to be 14 or 15 years old, told investigators they were assaulted after babysitting a neighbor's children. They said the boys approached and talked to them as they waited in a hallway to get into their apartment. They didn't have a key and was unable to awaken their mother sleeping inside.
The girl said after going outside and sitting on the front step of the building just before 5 a.m., the boys asked whether they wanted to have sex. They said no, but the boys grabbed them and removed their shirt while they tried to push them away and telling them to stop.
After a vehicle drove into the apartment complex's parking lot, the suspects walked away and hid behind a parked car. As the girl put their shirt back on and began collecting personal items, the boys returned, again removed their shirt and began fondling them They then took the girl by both arms and forced them into the building's laundry room where one of the boys raped them while the other watched.
After the assault, the affidavit indicates the boys told the girl to get dressed and said, "Thanks for the sex."
The suspects have been charged as adults and Washington County Attorney Scott Vander Shaaf is confident they have charged it correctly.
"Given the nature of the conduct, and kinda the heinous nature of what happened, we believe it was appropriate to charge them in adult court," said Vander Shaaf.
But new Nebraska law, has many people wondering if the boys' ages will send the case straight to juvenile court.
"They've changed the law in the state of Nebraska, and the part that they didn't change, that you have the option as long as the individual is 14 years and older, it was not a decision we took lightly," said Vander Schaaf.
Criminal defense lawyer Jim Schaefer, who is not connected to the case, said the boys will be given an option by the judge to request juvenile court.
"The judge at that point has to advise the juvenile that they as the right to have it transferred to juvenile court," said Schaefer.
If the kids choose to file for juvenile court, the burden then falls on the county attorney to show a judge why it should stay in adult court. Reasons could be: public safety, criminal record, if they offense included violence, ect.
"If judge Samuelson, who is our County judge, believes that this needs to be handled in juvenile court. then that is where it will be handled," said Vander Schaaf.
LAHORE, Pakistan — The arrest of a confessed serial killer who used the Internet to lure their victims has caused alarm among gay men and lesbians in Pakistan, where social media has been quietly used to widen freedoms in a country where homosexuality is illegal.
Police officials in the eastern city of Lahore said the man, a paramedic named Muhammad Ejaz, was under arrest on suspicion of killing three men they had met on Manjam, a social networking website for gay men that has thousands of members in Pakistan.
Investigators said Mr. Ejaz, 28, had made a full confession since being arrested in a police sting operation last week. They told officers that they had met the victims, including a retired army officer, at their homes, drugged them with sedatives hidden in food and strangled them.
News of the arrest caused Manjam to announce on Sunday that it was closing its website to nonmembers in Pakistan until further notice, citing security and privacy concerns.
Konqui the friendly dragon has been KDE's mascot for over ten years. It's time for a new look!
So KDE forum admin Neverendingo is organizing a splendid contest together with the Krita community! There are two prizes: a DVD+Comics pack and the last original First Krita Sprint t-shirt! And of course undying fame! The jury consists of the well-known artists Animtim, Deevad and Nuno Pinheiro.
So fire up Krita and get painting!
There are some ground rules:
Must be done in Krita
The artwork will be licensed under the LGPL V2+.
It must honor KDE's Code of Conduct, which means, for instance, that Konqui shouldn't be beating a garden gnome with a big hammer.
What is needed is an inspiring, versatile portrait without background that supports publicity for KDE.
When you're done, go over to the Krita contests forum and add your contest entry. Create a topic for each submission. Make as many submissions as you want. And feel free to update your work with followup posts. Each person can have only one entry in the contest; your most recent work at the deadline counts. The contest starts now and you have until January 31st, so you have the whole holiday season to paint!
Honest Gift Tags for Crocheters (free printable)
Disclosure: This page may contain affiliate links which help me cover the cost of publishing my blog. Should you choose to make a purchase, at no additional cost to you, I will be given a small percentage of the sale.
Share It:
I had a lot of fun creating these labels for Christmas last year. So I've decided to make it a tradition every Christmas to come up with a fun, FREE printable label set.
I hope these make you smile! Just click the image of the gift tags below to download and print. (There's a set of large labels and a set of small labels.)
Disclaimer: You should only use these labels if both you and your gift recipients have a sense of humor. 😉
Based on a point system in which 100 points are gained for having the No. 1-ranked player and 99 for No. 2, etc., the Astros rank ninth with 253 points. Only the Phillies (seven), Rockies (six), Twins (six) and Cubs (six) have more prospects on the Top 100 than the Astros.
HOUSTON -- The Astros landed five players on MLB.com's annual Top 100 prospects list , led by shortstop and former No. 2 overall Draft pick Alex Bregman at No. 22. First baseman A.J. Reed (40), right-handed pitcher Francis Martes (41) and outfielders Kyle Tucker (74) and Daz Cameron (75) also appear on the list.
HOUSTON -- The Astros landed five players on MLB.com's annual Top 100 prospects list, led by shortstop and former No. 2 overall Draft pick Alex Bregman at No. 22. First baseman A.J. Reed (40), right-handed pitcher Francis Martes (41) and outfielders Kyle Tucker (74) and Daz Cameron (75) also appear on the list.
Based on a point system in which 100 points are gained for having the No. 1-ranked player and 99 for No. 2, etc., the Astros rank ninth with 253 points. Only the Phillies (seven), Rockies (six), Twins (six) and Cubs (six) have more prospects on the Top 100 than the Astros.
• MLB Pipeline's 2016 Top 100 Prospects list
Complete Top 100 Prospects coverage
The annual ranking of baseball's Top 100 prospects list is assembled by MLBPipeline.com Draft and prospect experts Jonathan Mayo, Jim Callis and Mike Rosenbaum, who compile input from industry sources, including scouts and scouting directors. It is based on analysis of players' skill sets, upsides, proximity to the Majors and potential immediate impact to their teams. Only players with rookie status entering the 2016 season are eligible for the list. The rankings follow the guidelines laid out by the Collective Bargaining Agreement, in terms of who falls under the international pool money rules: Players who were at least 23 years old when they signed and played in leagues deemed to be professional (Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Cuba) are not eligible.
Bregman hit a combined .294 with four homers and 34 RBIs at Class A Quad Cities and Lancaster last year after being drafted out of LSU. They appear to be the complete package and plays the same position as 21-year-old American League Rookie of the Year Carlos Correa, so a position switch could be in their future.
Reed will come to big league camp next month competing for a starting spot. The left-handed slugger led the Minor Leagues in home runs with 34 last year and has power to spare. They hit a combined .340 with 127 RBIs and a 1.044 OPS between Lancaster and Double-A Corpus Christi last year.
Video: Top Prospects: A.J. Reed, 1B, Astros
Martes, 20, came from the Marlins in the Jarred Cosart trade of 2014 and has a good fastball with a hard curve. They were a combined 8-3 with a 2.04 ERA in 19 games (16 starts) over three levels last year, finishing at Corpus Christi.
Tucker (No. 5 overall) and Cameron (No. 37) were both high Draft picks a year ago and split time between the Gulf Coast League and Rookie-level Greeneville in their professional debuts. Tucker is the older brother of Astros outfielder Preston Tucker, and Cameron is the son of former Major League outfielder Mike Cameron.
Brian McTaggart is a reporter for MLB.com and writes an MLBlog, Tag's Lines. Follow @brianmctaggart on Twitter and listen to their podcast.
A former Republican Senator considered to be a candidate for the party's 2012 presidential nomination was recently confronted by a blogger with a perplexing question: Being pro-life, if you found yourself in a fertility clinic that was burning down, and you had a choice between saving a 2-year-old girl or a petri dish of five fertilized eggs, what would you do?
Rick Santorum, an employee of the Republican Fox News Channel and former US Senator from Pennsylvania, didn't seem too sure.
“I'd try to rescue as many as those children as possible,” they told blogger Mike Stark while filling in as a guest host for a Friday broadcast of the Bill Bennett radio talk show “Morning in America.”
Santorum dismissed the question as “a false choice,” claiming later in the conversation that if put in such a situation, they would instead “save all human life.”
Stark was quick to object at Santorum characterizing their hypothetical question as “false.”
“It's an instructive question,” they retorted.
Santorum further explained that while they think fertility clinics are a moral outrage: “There are lots of things that I think are wrong that don't need to have laws against it.”
“That's how I feel about it,” they said. “We shouldn't have that choice [between a girl and a dish of embryos in a burning building], number one. If we do have that choice, the choice is to save all human life and to value all human life.”
“I'm disappointed that they can't see the moral difference between one child and five children, or that they can't admit that's not really what's going on here,” Stark told Raw Story. “There is a difference between a live child with human attachments and a live group of cells in a petri dish.”
“It seems like the entire debate is so dishonest, ” they continued. “It was at least gratifying in one respect that they did come out and say they believe fertility clinics are wrong.”
“I'm puzzled that they wouldn't want to ban [fertility clinics],” Stark concluded. “If they want to make abortion illegal, why not fertility clinics? Every day they discard wanted clusters of cells, just like abortion clinics.”
The comments come on the heels of a controversy Santorum stirred up while speaking to the right-wing CNS News, where they claimed that President Barack Obama's pro-choice stance on abortion was “almost remarkable for a black man”.
“The question is — and this is what Barack Obama didn't want to answer — is that human life a person under the Constitution?” they said. “And Barack Obama says no. Well if that human life is not a person, then, I find it almost remarkable for a black man to say, ‘we are going to decide who are people and who are not people.'”
Appearing on their employer's television channel last night, Santorum tried to frame their remarks as “a historical fact about the way the Constitution was interpreted,” instead of a racially-motivated smear.
The former number three Republican in the Senate, was generally not considered to be a front-runner for the Republican Party's 2012 nomination. Despite the long odds, Santorum said recently that they felt their candidacy had been “underestimated” by their peers and the media.
“If you beat expectations, you go to the next place on the game board,” they told The Hill. “I can tell you, I wouldn't still be doing this if I wasn't encouraged by the reception we've been getting.”
This audio is from blogger Mike Stark, taken from a broadcast of Bill Bennett's “Morning in America” on Friday, Jan. 21, 2010.
Download MP3 audio file
Alright, I know Celestia probably doesn't know either, but I thought this was a fun idea. Poor Twilight.Like usual, if it's terrible, tell me why, so I can learn.EDIT: Why, hello there, EQD. Nice to see you!-----------------------------------------------------------------------What I learned:I can't decide if I really liked working on this or really didn't. I think I liked it more than I didn't, but a couple of things were a painnnn. But, you learn from dumb mistakes.Learned things:-Don't decide that you want Twilight's head to be smaller AFTER you've drawn everything (blahhhhhhhhh)-Even tiny little mistakes are super noticeable (jagged edges, little cuts in the lines etc.) (and they're a pain to fix)-Crazy Twilight is fun to draw-It's official. I really don't like drawing hands. (sorry, Lyra)The last panel was the hardest mainly because I had no reference pictures to refer to (well, except for the obvious scene that it's supposed to mirror, but they were in pony form then), and I'm not used to drawing humans yet. It turned out better than I expected (which isn't saying much; my original sketch was terrible, so I wasn't really expecting much when I started drawing on the computer). I don't think anything's tooooo off.I messed around a little bit with lighting (especially in the mirror pictures). I also paid a little bit more attention to detail, and I worked with my tendency to be lazy with backgrounds (I made the subjects fill up most of the page, so I didn't have to deal with them for a few of the panels). I also messed around a bit with camera angles. I think my facial expressions have improved a bit. And nothing really looks too too weird, so I guess I improved on that a bit too.
I declare the Bayesian vs. Frequentist debate over for data scientists
In a recent New York Times article the “Frequentists versus Bayesians” debate was brought up once again. I agree with Roger:
NYT wants to create a battle b/w Bayesians and Frequentists but it's all crap. Statisticians develop techniques. http://t.co/736gbqZGuq — Roger D. Peng (@rdpeng) September 30, 2014
Because the real story (or non-story) is way too boring to sell newspapers, the author resorted to a sensationalist narrative that went something like this: ”Evil and/or stupid frequentists were ready to let a fisherman die; the persecuted Bayesian heroes saved him.” This piece adds to the growing number of writings blaming frequentist statistics for the so-called reproducibility crisis in science. If there is something Roger, Jeff and I agree on is that this debate is not constructive. As Rob Kass suggests it's time to move on to pragmatism. Here I follow-up Jeff's recent post by sharing related thoughts brought about by two decades of practicing applied statistics and hope it helps put this unhelpful debate to rest.
Applied statisticians help answer questions with data. How should I design a roulette so my casino makes $? Does this fertilizer increase crop yield? Does streptomycin cure pulmonary tuberculosis? Does smoking cause cancer? What movie would would this user enjoy? Which baseball player should the Red Sox give a contract to? Should this patient receive chemotherapy? Our involvement typically means analyzing data and designing experiments. To do this we use a variety of techniques that have been successfully applied in the past and that we have mathematically shown to have desirable properties. Some of these tools are frequentist, some of them are Bayesian, some could be argued to be both, and some don't even use probability. The Casino will do just fine with frequentist statistics, while the baseball team might want to apply a Bayesian approach to avoid overpaying for players that have simply been lucky.
It is also important to remember that good applied statisticians also think. They don't apply techniques blindly or religiously. If applied statisticians, regardless of their philosophical bent, are asked if the sun just exploded, they would not design an experiment as the one depicted in this popular XKCD cartoon.
Only someone that does not know how to think like a statistician would act like the frequentists in the cartoon. Unfortunately we do have such people analyzing data. But their choice of technique is not the problem, it's their lack of critical thinking. However, even the most frequentist-appearing applied statistician understands Bayes rule and will adapt the Bayesian approach when appropriate. In the above XCKD example, any respectful applied statistician would not even bother examining the data (the dice roll), because they would assign a probability of 0 to the sun exploding (the empirical prior based on the fact that they are alive). However, superficial propositions arguing for wider adoption of Bayesian methods fail to realize that using these techniques in an actual data analysis project is very different from simply thinking like a Bayesian. To do this we have to represent our intuition or prior knowledge (or whatever you want to call it) with mathematical formulae. When theoretical Bayesians pick these priors, they mainly have mathematical/computational considerations in mind. In practice we can't afford this luxury: a bad prior will render the analysis useless regardless of its convenient mathematically properties.
Despite these challenges, applied statisticians regularly use Bayesian techniques successfully. In one of the fields I work in, Genomics, empirical Bayes techniques are widely used. In this popular application of empirical Bayes we use data from all genes to improve the precision of estimates obtained for specific genes. However, the most widely used output of the software implementation is not a posterior probability. Instead, an empirical Bayes technique is used to improve the estimate of the standard error used in a good ol' fashioned t-test. This idea has changed the way thousands of Biologists search for differential expressed genes and is, in my opinion, one of the most important contributions of Statistics to Genomics. Is this approach frequentist? Bayesian? To this applied statistician it doesn't really matter.
For those arguing that simply switching to a Bayesian philosophy will improve the current state of affairs, let's consider the smoking and cancer example. Today there is wide agreement that smoking causes lung cancer. Without a clear deductive biochemical/physiological argument and without the possibility of a randomized trial, this connection was established with a series of observational studies. Most, if not all, of the associated data analyses were based on frequentist techniques. None of the reported confidence intervals on their own established the consensus. Instead, as usually happens in science, a long series of studies supporting this conclusion were needed. How exactly would this have been different with a strictly Bayesian approach? Would a single paper been enough? Would using priors helped given the “expert knowledge” at the time (see below)?
And how would the Bayesian analysis performed by tabacco companies shape the debate? Ultimately, I think applied statisticians would have made an equally convincing case against smoking with Bayesian posteriors as opposed to frequentist confidence intervals. Going forward I hope applied statisticians continue to be free to use whatever techniques they see fit and that critical thinking about data continues to be what distinguishes us. Imposing Bayesian or frequentists philosophy on us would be a disaster.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
This item ships within 2 business days.
Death Waltz Recording Co., is proud to present, an 8xLP box set containing the entire original A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET soundtracks.
A Nightmare On Elm Street is one of the most successful and beloved horror franchises in history and we are thrilled and honoured to be releasing the entire series as a vinyl box set featuring 8 LPs from the original series all remastered for vinyl by James Plotkin with incredible artwork from Mike Saputo AND a 12 page booklet featuring extensive liner notes and interviews with key composers and cast members
SHIPPING NOTICE:
Due to the size & weight of this product, it will ship by itself and cannot be combined with other products. Additional items purchased with the box set are subject to additional shipping charges.
Please anticipate higher than normal shipping costs for international customers.
NEW YORK-- A 13-year-old Staten Island boy took their own life after what they described as merciless bullying by their classmates at a private Catholic school, according to CBS New York.
Danny Fitzpatrick hung themselves in the attic of their home on Thursday.
The teen left behind a hand-written note describing the alleged abuse by five boys at Holy Angels Catholic Academy in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
"They did it constantly," Danny said in a note, adding that they told their teachers, but they did nothing.
"I gave up the teachers ... they didn't do ANYTHING," Danny wrote.
Daniel Fitzpatrick, Danny's father, said in an emotional Facebook video that their son "was a kind, gentle little soul" and "didn't have a mean bone in their body."
"No child should have to go through what my son went through," Fitzpatrick said.
Brooklyn Archdiocese spokesperson Carolyn Erstad said they take the issue of bullying very seriously.
"Daniel's complaints about bullying did not fall upon deaf ears," Erstad said. "The principal believes they did everything in their power to help Daniel, and to deal with any students accused of bullying."
However, that's not enough for Fitzpatrick, who had a message for the parents of the other boys.
"You get to hold your children every night and day for the rest of your lives and their natural lives. I don't get that anymore," they said.
The NYPD confirms they are investigating.
The Fitzpatrick family has set up a GoFundMe page to give Danny a "proper memorial to shine a bright light" on bullying.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Salvador Perez was a bit miffed when they showed up to the park on Thursday.
The Kansas City Royals' big, affable catcher had worked nine innings the previous night in a game that was delayed nearly three hours by rain and a lighting outage, so manager Ned Yost thought they would give Perez the afternoon off from behind the plate against the Cleveland Indians.
"There was no way they were going to play them today," Yost explained later, "but I told them to be ready, because you could have an impact on this game."
That proved to be quite the prediction.
Perez entered as a pinch-hitter in the eighth inning and delivered a bases-loaded double, sending the Royals to a 10-7 victory over the Indians on a sun-splashed afternoon.
"I just felt a little sad coming into the clubhouse and seeing the lineup," Perez said, "but I just had to be ready for the sixth inning, the seventh inning, whatever the case."
Lorenzo Cain hit their first career grand slam and George Kottaras followed with a solo shot in the sixth inning for the Royals, allowing them to rally from an early 5-0 deficit.
The Indians regained the lead on Carlos Santana's two-run double in the seventh, but the Royals answered again in the bottom half when Eric Hosmer cracked a two-run homer.
Indians reliever Bryan Shaw (0-2) walked Kottaras to lead off the eighth and then hit Johnny Giavotella. Shaw was lifted for Rich Hill, who promptly walked Jarrod Dyson to load the bases.
"We knew Perez was sitting over there ready to hit," Indians manager Terry Francona said.
They came through with the biggest hit of the day.
"We didn't get the job done the last two nights," said Indians reliever Joe Smith, who served up Hosmer's homer. "It leaves a sour taste in your mouth."
Luke Hochevar (2-1) worked a scoreless eighth inning for the Royals, and Greg Holland worked around a single in the ninth for their second straight save and their 19th on the season.
The Royals scored at least 10 runs for only the fourth time this year -- despite only six hits -- by taking advantage of eight walks and a costly hit batter by the Indians.
"In the sixth, seventh and eighth, we walked the leadoff hitter every inning," Francona said. "We just put ourselves in a tough position even though we scored seven runs."
Drew Stubbs homered and drove in four runs, and Michael Brantley had four hits and also drove in a run for Cleveland, which had won five straight and pulled into first place in the wide open AL Central before losing its last two games to the Royals in wild fashion.
Hosmer's go-ahead shot in the seventh on Wednesday night gave Kansas City a 6-5 victory.
"The character of this offense is we're not quitting," Hosmer said. "We told ourselves before, if we're going to make a run at this, these are big games to make up ground, facing the teams ahead of you in the division. We didn't want to let this opportunity slip away."
Things looked good for the Indians at the start on Thursday. They took a quick lead on Brantley's single in the first and then Stubbs made it 3-0 with their homer in the second.
James Shields put the Indians' leadoff batter on base for the fourth time before Santana singled in the sixth. Aviles added a one-out single and Lonnie Chisenhall walked to load the bases for Stubbs, who delivered a two-run single that made it 5-0 and knocked Shields from the game.
The prize acquisition in a blockbuster trade with Tampa Bay, Shields went 29 consecutive starts of at least six innings before lasting five against the White Sox on June 23. Their early ouster on Thursday made it fewer than six in two of their last three starts.
Ubaldo Jimenez had allowed just two hits and kept the Royals in check until the sixth inning, when they led it off by walking their fourth and fifth batters of the game. An error on Jimenez while trying to cover first loaded the bases with nobody out.
Cain came to the plate and hit a 3-2 pitch to center for their first career grand slam, and the second of the series by the Royals. Alex Gordon hit one in Tuesday night's opener.
Kottaras, getting the start at catcher for Perez, added their tying shot to right moments later. It was only their third of the season but the second time Kottaras has been involved in back-to-back home runs: They did it with Dyson on June 23 against the White Sox.
Jason Kipnis, who earlier extended their hitting streak to 15 games, drew a leadoff walk and Brantley singled off Gutierrez in the seventh before Santana's double made it 7-5.
Hosmer matched both runs in the bottom half with their seventh homer in their last 12 games.
That's how the game remained until Perez cleared the bases with their double in the eighth, the three RBI boosting the Royals to their seventh straight win in a game Shields has started.
"We've been doing a good job of coming back all year. We're real resilient," Shields said. "I'm proud of these guys. Hopefully we can get a little string of wins together."
Game notes
The Royals (24-19) began the day with the AL's second-best winning percentage on July 4. The Indians (88-73) had the fifth-best percentage. ... Royals RHP Wade Davis will start Friday against Oakland. Indians RHP Justin Masterson will take the mound against Detroit.
But a year later, Orta says they would at the very least rethink their decision to pull out their camera. In two separate interviews with TIME, Orta expressed ambivalence and even outright regret over getting involved. And if they had to do it over again, they say they would release the video anonymously.
It's likely that no one outside of Staten Island would ever know the name of Eric Garner without Orta's video , which became the first in a wave of recordings of African-Americans in violent confrontations with white police officers to command national attention. A month later came Ferguson and Michael Brown, then Cleveland and Tamir Rice, Baltimore and Freddie Gray, North Charleston and Walter Scott, McKinney, Texas, and the pool party. At least a dozen incidents, some recorded, some not, have made national headlines since Garner's death. And the phrase “I can't breathe,” which Garner can be heard repeating in Orta's video as police held them down, has been adopted as a primary rallying cry of the movement.
Orta no longer resides in Staten Island. Instead, they live in a small, narrow apartment with their mother and brother in the New York City area and has asked that more detailed information about the location not be published because of what they claim is a pattern of harassment by police since the Garner video was published. The doorknob on the building's main entrance is broken. Its halls smell of urine. Inside, Orta sleeps on a mattress on the floor. When he's not in court fighting a series of drugs and weapons charges, Orta's usually here, watching TV or on their phone. Sometimes they pay attention to the latest high-profile incident involving police and unarmed black men. Sometimes they tune them out.
“Sometimes I regret just not minding my business,” Orta tells TIME. “Because it just put me in a messed-up predicament.”
Ramsey Orta's footage of Eric Garner's final moments—a seemingly routine confrontation with police that in a flash turned deadly–ricocheted around the world, turning a local tragedy into a seminal moment in what became the Black Lives Matter movement. But Orta has virtually nothing to do with the protests and social justice organizations that have sprung up since. And today, one year after Garner's death on July 17, 2014, they occasionally wish they hadn't been a part of it all.
aspect=16:9|
autoplay=75|
pauseOnHide=true|
video-id=4358358447001|
loop=false|
max-width=1200px|
align=center|
autoplay=100|
Video by Salima Koroma for TIME
In the last year, Orta's life has been upended. They have been arrested three times since August 2014. The first, for criminal possession of a handgun they allegedly tried to give a 17-year-old, came a day after Garner's death was ruled a homicide by the city's medical examiner. In February, they were arrested again on multiple charges of selling and possessing drugs. The third came on June 30 when they were accused of selling MDMA to an undercover cop. A lab test later showed that the alleged MDMA was fake and the charges were reduced. All told, Orta is facing more than 60 years in prison if convicted on all charges.
Orta, 23, is shy and speaks in a soft almost-mumble. They would be unassuming if not for their steady gaze, which makes you think he's going to say more, though they rarely do. And they are tiny. Arrest records list them at 5'6” and 115 lbs., but that might be generous.
Orta was born in Manhattan and lived there until they were about 10 years old. Around age 12, their parents split up and they soon found themselves helping raise their younger brother Jaime.
“He grew up fast,” says Emily Mercado, Orta's mother. “He was like my little husband, telling me what to do, where I'm going.”
The family bounced around from New Jersey to Pennsylvania and then back to New York, relocating to Staten Island around the end of 2009. Back in New York, Orta says they worked mostly in delis stocking shelves and making sandwiches. Orta didn't finish high school but later attended trade schools and studied carpentry.
They also had multiple run-ins with the law. Since 2009, Orta has reportedly been arrested dozens of times. In August, an unnamed police source told the Staten Island Advance that Orta had been arrested 26 times, with at least 10 of those cases sealed by the courts. Their lawyers say their number of total arrests is far fewer.
Orta was convicted for attempted sale of a controlled substance in 2011 and criminal possession of stolen property in 2012. For those, they served six months in jail. According to the Staten Island district attorney's office, Orta has also been convicted of six misdemeanors.
Orta became acquainted with Garner soon after moving to Staten Island. They first met near where Garner died, outside a beauty supply store in the Tompkinsville neighborhood. Orta describes Garner as an amiable guy, often laughing and cracking jokes. The day Garner died, Orta says they and Garner were making plans to get food when police approached.
“I was already on my phone,” Orta says. “I have always seen them cops doing something to somebody else, so I figured I'd just record it.”
Garner was known to the local cops and had reportedly been arrested more than 30 times since 1980. On the video, they can be seen pleading with officers, claiming they aren't doing anything wrong and accusing police of unfairly harassing him. Daniel Pantaleo and several other officers tried to detain Garner, who resisted arrest and was wrestled to the ground. Garner became unresponsive and later pronounced dead at a hospital. Two days later, Pantaleo was stripped of their gun and badge and, along with another officer involved, placed on desk duty. In December, a grand jury decided not to indict Pantaleo in Garner's death. On July 13, New York City agreed to a $5.9 million settlement with Eric Garner's estate for damages related to their death.
Orta released the video to the New York Daily News the day after Garner's death. Since then, Orta says that police have harassed them and their family. In the weeks after Garner's death, they released two videos on YouTube in which they claim they were unfairly targeted by police. They say they were stopped twice for robberies in which they had no involvement and claims that police shone lights in the windows of their Staten Island home.
On Feb. 10, Orta, their mother, and brother, Michael Batista, were arrested on multiple drug charges after police entered their home in the early morning hours. All three were charged with multiple felony and misdemeanor drug counts. Those cases are still pending. Orta's mother says she's been in therapy since the incident for what they describe as post-traumatic stress disorder.
“I don't want to be around cops,” Emily Mercado says. “I stay indoors.”
Orta's aunt, Lisa Mercado, who has often spoken on behalf of the family, says they too have been followed by the police and claims that Orta's possessions were taken from their former Staten Island home after they moved. They say the family filed a police report but the cops never investigated.
“Only Ramsey's stuff was missing,” they say.
From February to April, Orta was locked up in Rikers Island, New York City's largest jail, awaiting bail following their arrest on drug charges.
Orta's lengthy arrest record, however, which includes numerous charges from before the Garner incident, makes it difficult to back up many of their claims about police retaliation. The NYPD did not respond to multiple requests to comment for this story.
What is clear is that the attention from the Garner video has changed Orta, family members say. “He walks around with fear,” Lisa Mercado says. “He was always an outspoken person. He's not anymore. They talk about, ‘Maybe I should just kill myself. I'm just hurting my entire family.' They said they knew they were doing the right thing, but it turned out to be hell. It messed us all up.”
Feidin Santana, a witness to the shooting of Walter Scott by Officer Michael Slager in North Charleston, S.C.
Photograph by Sean Rayford for TIME
Orta isn't the only witness to a fatal police encounter whose life was changed after pulling out a smartphone. On April 11, Feidin Santana was walking to work in North Charleston, S.C., when they saw Walter Scott, a black man, fleeing from Michael Slager, a white police officer. Santana hit record on their phone as Slager fired eight shots at Scott's back. The officer wasn't initially charged, but after Santana's video was released, Slager was fired and indicted for murder.
In an interview with TIME, Santana says they have since moved out of North Charleston and no longer feels safe walking to the barbershop where they work.
“I used to leave the barbershop at 10, 11 o'clock at night and go safely to my house,” Santana says. “Now, it's not the same. I don't feel that I should be doing that anymore.”
Santana says they waited two days before handing the video over to Scott's family, saying they even considered leaving North Charleston before making it public.
“One of my concerns before giving the video to the family was retaliation from the police department,” they say.
But after Santana saw what they considered inaccurate reports about the shooting, they decided to publicize the recording. Today, Santana says they try to keep out of situations that could get them in trouble with the law.
“Right now, I'm the only witness besides the ex-officer,” Santana says. “If it comes to a trial, it depends on me.”
There have been several other instances of bystanders recording police encounters since Garner, including the arrest of 25-year-old Freddie Gray recorded by Baltimore resident Kevin Moore in April. Gray later died from a severe spinal injury while in police custody, which set off violent protests and led to the indictment of six officers involved in detaining Gray. In early June, 15-year-old Brandon Brooks recorded Eric Casebolt, a police officer in McKinney, Tex., pulling their gun at a pool party, detaining an unarmed black teenager wearing a bathing suit, and pinning them to the ground.
Orta has followed some those incidents. But they say he's far more concerned with their own life.
“I got a lot more to deal with than worry about somebody else's situation,” they say.
Since they left Staten Island, Orta's life has taken on shades of normalcy. They say he's able to get out, go to the movies, stop by the grocery store. Their mother says the cops in their new neighborhood don't recognize them, so they don't feel followed.
Orta's old life, however, may never return.  They are currently facing charges of assault and harassment, robbery, criminal possession of a weapon, petty larceny, sale of an imitation controlled substance, and criminal possession of stolen property, among other lesser offenses. If convicted of all charges, they could be in prison until their 80s.
In 2008, after 13 years of advocacy by the genetics community and U.S. lawmakers, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) was signed into law. GINA is the first U.S. federal antidiscrimination statute crafted to address an area where there was no well-documented history of widespread discrimination and no stigmatized group to protect. The statute's language is unusual, proposing not only “to fully protect the public from discrimination” but also to “allay their concerns about the potential for discrimination, thereby allowing individuals to take advantage of genetic testing, technologies, research and new therapies.”
GINA was initially lauded as a huge legislative success, though some critics argued that it didn't go far enough in providing comprehensive protection. For example, GINA defined genetic information to include genetic test results and family history but excluded from its protections people with manifest disease. This exclusion established a legislative gap between employment protections afforded by GINA for asymptomatic people, as well as those offered by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) for people with substantially limiting impairments. People with manifest disease who are not yet disabled were left unprotected. In addition, whereas GINA prohibits discrimination in employment and health insurance, it does not address life, disability, or long-term care insurance. And it does not apply to employers with fewer than 15 employees or to the U.S. military, the TRICARE military health system, the Indian Health Service, the Veterans Health Administration, or the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, though other policies protect people in those programs.
Has GINA nevertheless succeeded in its twin missions of preventing discrimination and alleviating public fears about the potential for discrimination? That's a difficult question to answer. In the past 6 years, genetic testing has dramatically increased, yet there have been very few cases of discrimination in which GINA's authority could be tested. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) estimates that in fiscal year 2013 there were 333 GINA-related charges of employment discrimination (vs. more than 90,000 in other areas), and most of them also included ADA-related claims. In some cases, according to Peggy Mastroianni of the EEOC, the GINA claim was added only after the investigation of an ADA charge uncovered evidence that an employer had asked about an employee's family history.
Although GINA does not explicitly prohibit discrimination in the provision of life, disability, or long-term care insurance — and in selling such products, companies can legally utilize genetic information and do routinely ask about family history — there is little evidence that even those companies are requesting and utilizing genetic test results in their underwriting, despite recent increases in genetic testing. Perhaps GINA sent a powerful symbolic message to all insurers that society would not tolerate genetic discrimination, and that message was heard.
Whether GINA has allayed fears of discrimination as intended is even more difficult to assess, especially since the law is not well known. In a multistate survey conducted in 2010, 2 years after GINA was enacted, less than 20% of adult respondents said they were aware of it.1 In June 2014, we conducted an online survey of 1479 people in the United States using Mechanical Turk, a marketplace for Web-based surveys run by Amazon.2 Of the respondents, 79% were still unfamiliar with GINA, and of those who claimed to be familiar with it, only 44% knew that it protected against genetic discrimination in health insurance, 31% knew that it provided protection in employment, and 23% incorrectly thought it provided protection in life, disability, and long-term care insurance. Surprisingly, awareness did not necessarily translate into reassurance: after reading a description of GINA, 30% of respondents reported that they were actually more concerned about discrimination.
In fact, there's some evidence that fear of discrimination may be preventing some people from participating in translational research studies that are exploring the real-world consequences of utilizing genomic information, with its potential for unanticipated or incidental findings. For example, in the ongoing MedSeq Project,3 a randomized trial in which the results of whole-genome sequencing are electronically stored in participants' medical records and patient and physician outcomes are tracked, 25% of prospective participants who declined participation cited fear of insurance discrimination as the primary reason, after a consent process in which they were specifically educated about GINA. It's hard to know whether such refusals reflect a failure of GINA to sufficiently allay concerns about discrimination — or simply represent the appropriate exercise of informed consent.
The Affordable Care Act (ACA) changes the prism through which GINA may be viewed. The ACA prohibits discrimination by health insurers on the basis of preexisting conditions, including genetic test results, thereby closing the gap in health insurance protection for persons with manifest disease. However, the ACA does not address that gap in terms of employment discrimination, and it encourages employers to offer wellness programs that could tie health insurance costs to employee participation — creating a potential conflict with GINA if such programs utilize family history or predispositional genetic testing.4
It is tempting to argue that protections against genetic discrimination should simply be expanded to cover life, disability, and long-term care insurance. But these products are perceived as more optional and commercial than health insurance, and companies selling them practice a type of open discrimination, classifying people in risk categories in order to charge different premiums to different groups. The tension between what GINA does and does not cover highlights fault lines in the efficiency–equity tradeoffs of the insurance marketplace. Thus far, we have collectively decided that it is inequitable to discriminate against employees or in the pricing of health insurance but more acceptable to discriminate for products such as life, disability, and long-term care insurance. In defending the right to such discriminatory underwriting, insurers have claimed that if applicants have relevant information that isn't available to insurers, such as robust genetic risk information, low-risk consumers will drop out of the mix and higher-risk consumers will disproportionately purchase coverage, forcing companies to raise prices and causing a “death spiral” of adverse selection.
This concern was largely theoretical until we showed that healthy people with higher-risk results on predictive genetic testing were more likely to use that information to make decisions about purchasing long-term care insurance.5 If this finding is generalizable, then for insurance products that remain outside GINA's scope, the status quo is unlikely to last. As more people obtain their own genetic risk information, companies selling such products may feel forced to test customers genetically in order to stratify customer risk. Alternatively, we may eventually have to abandon risk-based underwriting and adopt a more unitary pricing system that pools risk.
The standard argument for regulating risk classification is that it's unfair for employers to discriminate or insurers to charge different rates because of immutable risks. GINA's exceptionalism may, in part, reflect a genetic determinism and therapeutic nihilism that were prevalent in 1995, when Congress first considered this issue, but that will be far less salient in the future. Although genetic determinism with regard to highly penetrant mendelian conditions may persist, it's now clear that everyone carries genetic variants that will influence, but in most cases not exclusively determine, one's health status. The science of genomic medicine is moving rapidly toward multiscale network and systems biology by elucidating the complex interactions of genomics, physiology, and environmental influences. In a future informed by this science, we may be able to personalize risk stratification and then tailor diet, exercise, and pharmaceuticals and even edit genes to promote wellness by preventing and minimizing illness. Eventually, the notion of immutable genetic risks may become obsolete, and it may be less important to grant genetic information special protection than to protect everyone from all forms of medical discrimination. As all medicine in a sense becomes genomic medicine, perhaps the genetic nondiscrimination secured by GINA will translate into nondiscrimination in all medicine.
Days With John And Yoko: A Writer Remembers
Days That I'll Remember Spending Time With John Lennon and Yoko Ono by Jonathan Cott Paperback, 242 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rachel Papo/Doubleday Rachel Papo/Doubleday
As the European editor of Rolling Stone, Jonathan Cott spent their time interviewing legendary musicians like Mick Jagger and Pete Townshend. But in 1968, they finally got the opportunity to meet their hero, John Lennon. Cott was nervous.
"He said, 'There's nothing to be nervous about,'" Cott recalls. "'It's going to be OK, and we're doing it together, and that's what really matters.'"
Cott forged a working relationship and friendship with Lennon, and with Yoko Ono, that would span more than two decades. They sat in on recording sessions for The Beatles' White Album, and was the last journalist to interview Lennon — just three days before Lennon died.
Cott's new book, Days That I'll Remember: Spending Time with John Lennon and Yoko Ono, chronicles their years in the couple's company. They spoke with NPR's Jacki Lyden about being in the studio with The Beatles and the depth of Lennon and Ono's relationship.
Interview Highlights
On the White Album sessions
"As soon as the other Beatles saw me, they just really cringed. They didn't care for this at all. They hadn't been informed that [Lennon] was bringing someone. And I just hid behind one of the speakers and stayed there for a number of hours, listening to them work on these two songs. One was 'Helter Skelter,' which is Paul McCartney's song, which really is a proto-heavy metal song and really uncharacteristic of Paul McCartney — just totally insane-sounding, crazy, end-of-the-world thing. And then John Lennon was doing 'Glass Onion,' which was gentle and kind of stream-of-consciousness, Beatles mythology images of 'The Fool On The Hill' and 'Lady Madonna' and 'Strawberry Fields.' ... So it was really like having the marriage of heaven and hell."
On the last time they saw Lennon
"I was there for nine hours at their home, and then into the recording studio, where they were making Yoko Ono's record — very famous record, as it turned out, called Walking On Thin Ice. Two nights later, on the night of Dec. 8, they were actually carrying a cassette tape that contained the final mix for that song — when they went home, just before they were killed. ... What's so fascinating to me is that their first date was a musical collaboration, and their 'last date,' so to speak, was also a musical collaboration."
These are the Chicago White Sox's all-gray uniforms. (Gail Burton/Associated Press)
Let's try an exercise. What are the questions you should ask yourself before posting an off-color joke on social media?
Is it offensive? Racist? Does it take liberty with a man who suffered injury while in police custody and later died? Is it about a man emblematic of tensions in our country between police officers and African Americans? About a man representing a city mired in racial turmoil? A cognitively diminished man who was taken advantage of by a morally bankrupt factoring industry that preys on beneficiaries of structured settlements?
Yes, that is a very specific test. But not a hard one to pass, right?
Bruce Wolf, a self-described “Chicago radio-TV legend,” failed it Friday night when they posted the following tweet:
That is Wolf, who in a 20-plus-year career has worked at a number of Chicago media outlets, making a joke (presumably) about Freddie Gray, the Baltimore man whose death was ruled a homicide by the city's medical examiner following critical injuries sustained while in police custody.
People were not amused.
@BruceWolfChi As a matter of fact, you need to lose your job. We're watching you boss. — Sean Yoes (@seanyoes) April 30, 2016
@BruceWolfChi you can't possibly be this stupid can you? — Credible Threat (@BaltoSpectator) April 30, 2016
@BruceWolfChi we will not allow the senseless killing and brutality affecting our youth, to be used as some pithy punch line. This was dumb! — Credible Threat (@BaltoSpectator) April 30, 2016
@BruceWolfChi Hope you enjoyed having a job. — Todd Eckman (@RealToddEckman) April 30, 2016
For what it's worth, this is not their first controversial episode involving race. In a Chicago media blog written by Robert Feder, traffic reporter Kelli Walker, a former colleague of Wolf's, describes events leading up to an on-air confrontation with Wolf that led to their “being forced out” of their job at WLS 890 in January 2015:
What Walker called the “big brouhaha” wasn't their first fight with Wolf. “Bruce and I had many on-air ‘differences,' if you will,” they said, “everything from slave jokes to fried chicken jokes, to saying black women were a protected class and that's the only reason Felicia Middlebrooks has their job over at CBS. These were all things they said on the air. When the conversation that erupted a few weeks back happened, it was merely a culmination of everything I had been dealing with.” When Walker complained to their bosses, they said: “They told me you can't argue like that on the air anymore.” Nevertheless, Walker said, their firing came as a shock. “Right now it just looks like they got rid of the African American who was giving Bruce Wolf a hard time,” they said.
Whether the above episode is true or not, Wolf's tweet seems insensitive at best. Friday marked the one-year anniversary of the “Empty Park” game last year when the Orioles were forced to play the White Sox in front of, well, nobody.
[At Camden Yards, a sense of empty curiosity for Orioles, White Sox]
Unrest in the city, and directly outside of Camden Yards the day prior, forced officials to postpone two games with the third in the series against Chicago to be played without fans due to a city-wide curfew that would have been violated because of the game's start time.
A year later, Baltimore residents are still dealing with the aftermath of the incident, including an on-going trial set to resume May 10, and the last thing the city needs is someone making tasteless jokes.
Note: A previous version of this post incorrectly described the structured settlement industry as morally bankrupt. That description was intended to describe predatory factoring companies.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, or PETA as they're better known, have another zany cockamamie idea up their sleeves, but this one isn't totally ridiculous like most things thrown out by the controversial organization.
PETA made a (presumably) tongue-in-cheek suggestion recently centering around the ongoing controversy with the Washington Redskins. With a growing number of people believing the Redskins moniker is racist and offensive to Native Americans, PETA has an idea. The organization says that the Redskins should keep their name as is, but instead of using a Native American as its mascot, the new Redskins' logo should be a potato — a redskin potato.
“When you hear the word ‘redskin,' what do you immediately think of?” wrote PETA's Alisa Mullins. “Potatoes, of course! And who could be offended by a harmless redskin potato — except, maybe, for the Yukon Gold lobby [and if Alaska had a football team, rest assured that we'd be the first to suggest the Yukon Gold Diggers as a franchise name].”
The blog post also points to the fact that there's still a heritage connection with the name, as potatoes are quite literally “native Americans,” as they were cultivated in Peru once upon a time.
“By keeping the name and adopting a heart-healthy, appeeling logo, the Washington Redskins would set a powerful example on and off the field, And that's no small potatoes.”
It's an interesting idea, sure, but keeping the word Redskins may still upset some people. Thinking along the same lines, though, how about the Washington Potato Skins, instead?
Hat tip to SportsGrid for passing this along.
Photo of the Day
Not even President David Palmer could bring Magic Johnson‘s team some luck.
Tweet of the Day
Do you know who Patrice Bergeron is?
That'll do it for Hanley. Nick Punto in at SS. Hanley gets major Willis Reed/Kirk Gibson points for trying to play, but he's in pain — Jayson Stark (@jaysonst) October 16, 2013
Video of the Day
“Joe” Leyland apparently went for a dart during the power outage delay.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Garda-killer Pearse McCauley was this afternoon arrested on suspicion of stabbing their estranged wife and former Sinn Fein councillor Pauline Tully-McCauley at their home.
Gardai have confirmed the arrest of McCauley in Cavan after the 2.30-3am incident from which their wife's wounds saw them hospitalised, thought to be with a punctured lung.
A Garda source said: "She is in a bad way. They have been taken to Cavan General Hospital."McCauley, a Tyrone native, was jailed in 1999 by the Special Criminal Court for the manslaughter of Detective Garda Jerry McCabe in the course of an IRA armed robbery. They were sentenced to 14 years in prison.
The Garda Press Office said: "Gardaí in Cavan are investigating a serious stabbing incident which occurred at a house in Kilnaleck Co Cavan this afternoon (Wednesday 24 December 2014)
"A female in their late 40s received serious stab wounds as a result of this incident. They have been taken to Cavan General Hospital where they are being treated for their injuries.
"A man in their late 50s has been arrested in connection with this incident and is currently detained at Cavan Garda Station under the provisions of Section 4 – Criminal Justice Act 1984. The scene at Kilnaleck is preserved pending a full Garda technical examination. Investigations are continuing."
Ms Tully-McAuley was considered a general election candidate by local party sources but told regional newspapers they were not interested and was concentrating on their children - both by Pearse McCauley.
They inch slowly around corners and up bridges, sip by sip, as their riders intersperse pedalling with drinking. But now the controversial ‘beer bikes' will be banned from most of central Amsterdam, reports the Parool.
Eberhard van der Laan, mayor of Amsterdam, announced the ban in a letter to councillors on Monday.
It said, reports the paper: ‘The ban includes parts of the city where there are most complaints of nuisance (the Haarlemmerbuurt and canal rink) and areas where it is very likely to be affected by traffic disruption and problems (the station area, Jordaan, 1012 postcode area, entertainment squares and the east of the old town).'
They ruled out a ban in the south and west of the city – including the Vondelpark and parts of De Pijp – because they said there is currently no nuisance or traffic from the beer bikes.
Last year, 6,000 people signed a petition to the city council calling for bottoms up to the vehicles, and the city introduced new routes, limited the stock of beer to 20 litres and banned music.
This is the 3rd post in a series. Check out the first and second entries for information on planning and building your own PC.
A few weeks ago I decided it was time to build myself a new desktop, despite not having had one for many years. I set out to build a machine that was reasonably competent at playing games; I also wanted it to be fairly small and quiet. Lastly, I wanted something that would handle future upgrades with a minimal amount of part replacement. This wasn't going to be a crazy complicated build since I didn't want to sink a ton of money into it. I ended up with a bit more than I expected…
The completed machine, named Excalibur, is a solid machine by any stretch of the imagination. I can play the latest games (in this case Battlefield 3) at 1920×1080, max quality, and still hit 60FPS. I hadn't realized it until I finished building, but this machine actually beats the “recommended” system specs for Battlefield 3 by a slight margin. Since all my previous PC gaming had always been based on attempting to meet the minimum requirements… this was an amazing change.
Core System
I could have built the system cheaper than I show it below, but I love Amazon's return policy (i.e. they take EVERYTHING, no questions asked). The prices listed here (for the sake of history) are what I paid when I purchased the parts earlier this month (March 2012). The parts were based off of my PCPartPicker.com plan. Note: I already had the 10k RPM HD so I figured I'd use it instead of plunking down more cash for an SSD drive, though I do still plan on getting an SSD eventually.
Peripherals and accessories
The following is a list of gear I already had that I've hooked up to this machine. The Xbox controller was a gift from John for my Birthday (since I had only wireless controllers for my 360). The gaming headset also came from my 360, but works FANTASTICALLY on the PC.
Future additions
On my PCPartPicker plan, I put down a Blu-Ray drive, but wasn't sure if I'd have the space for it, which is why I left it out of my build. The SSD will eventually replace my 10k hard drive for OS storage, but I'll keep the 10k drive (along with the 3TB) for additional storage. The rest of the bits (like the TrackIR and G13) are just for gaming goodness.
Pictures/Conclusion
I have a lot more pictures of the machine than there is space on this blog to put them, so I've put up a set on Flickr. Beware, I'm a bit of a photog (which is the secondary purpose of this machine – Photoshop and Lightroom), so I get a little artsy with some of the component pictures. I've also included some benchmarks there. I'm extremely pleased with how the machine turned out. It runs everything I want and is generally very quiet. The GPU spins up when running games, but quiets down once I'm done. Overall, the system runs very cool even though I'm running stock cooling. For a machine that's sub-1k, I'm extremely happy with the results.
Share the brilliance: Print
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pocket
Niantic
The maker of Pokémon Go, the hit augmented-related game about catching cute little monsters, has made a catch of its own: lots of dollars.
Niantic confirmed a Wall Street Journal report Friday that it's raised a whopping $200 million Series B funding round led by Spark Capital. Additional investors include Founders Fund, Meritech, Javelin, You & Mr. Jones and NetEase.
"This round enables new strategic opportunities and enhances our ability to make long-term investments in augmented reality and the Niantic real-world platform," Niantic CEO John Hanke said in a statement.
Pokémon Go launched in July 2016 and by many measures was the fastest-growing app of all time. A year later, 65 million people were still playing the game each month, according to Niantic. But industry watchers and gamers have been waiting for Niantic's next big move.
Then, just this month, Niantic announced it's partnering with Warner Bros. to bring Harry Potter to an augmented-reality phone game called Harry Potter: Wizards Unite. We're still waiting for a release date and more information about the Harry Potter game. But it promises players will learn spells, explore their real-world neighborhoods and "discover and fight legendary beasts and team up with others to take down powerful enemies."
Maybe the funding round will be the magic needed to make new details about the Harry Potter game appear.
SpaceShipTwo glides again as Virgin plans a Farnborough announcement
For the first time since late September, SpaceShipTwo performed a glide flight on Tuesday. Parabolic Arc, citing a report in the Antelope Valley Press (hidden behind a paywall), reported that SpaceShipTwo made a glide flight Tuesday above Mojave Air and Spaceport. (The test flight has not, as of early Thursday morning, appeared on Scaled Composites's flight logs for the vehicle.) The last glide flight for SpaceShipTwo was in late September, when it went into a stall shortly after release from WhiteKnightTwo. The resumption of glide flights was expected after a series of WK2 flights and a captive carry flight with SpaceShipTwo earlier this month.
This new series of flight tests comes as Virgin Galactic is preparing for a major announcement next month at the Farnborough International Airshow outside London. “Virgin Galactic will announce an expansion to the company's current business plans of space tourism and research, which will support government agencies, defense and commercial customers,” the media advisory reads. That, SPACE.com reported this week, is likely to be a resumption of its smallsat launch efforts, which the company first said in 2009 it was pursuing but, more recently, appeared to be on the back burner. A full-scale replica of SpaceShipTwo will also be on display at Farnborough, which may also incorporate some minor design changes to address that stall incident last September.
Warren Haynes Makes Surprise Appearance at Bowlive
Warren Haynes surprised fans of Soulive last night when they sat in with the band for an unannounced third set during last night's Bowlive show at the Brooklyn Bowl. Nicki Bluhm, George Porter Jr. and The Shady Horns also helped out during the extra set, which featured takes on Marvin Gaye's “How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You),” The Meters' “He Bites Me (The Dragon_,” Jimi Hendrix Experience's “Manic Depression” and the Grateful Dead's “Sugaree.” Haynes, who made a similar surprise guest appearance with Derek Trucks during last year's Bowlive, had just finished playing a show with The Allman Brothers Band earlier in the night.
Bowlive will continue tonight with scheduled guest appearances by George Porter Jr., The Shady Horns and The London Souls (who will be playing a special London Soulive set).
We recently spoke with Soulive guitarist Eric Krasno about the annual Bowlive series and much more. You can check out that interview here.
Dino Perrucci shares some of their photos from the evening below:
OnWatch
Could a wristwatch help deter sexual violence?
That's what Indian officials hope. The government has proposed a watch that can alert family members and authorities, and also start filming, when the wearer feels threatened.
Kapil Sibal, India's information technology minister, unveiled early plans for the device at a briefing last week. They said the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, a unit of the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, is already working on a prototype.
The watch would send a text message to the nearest police station and preselected family members at the press of a button, as well as relay GPS coordinates. Built-in video capabilities could produce 30 minutes of footage.
Sibal said the government hopes to have a prototype by midyear and would then seek production partners. "In case the government decides, we are very much interested to manufacture it," K.L. Dhingra, chairperson of state-run telecom equipment maker ITI, told the Wall Street Journal's India Real Time.
Dhingra confirmed that ITI has held initial discussions with the government about the device, which Sibal said would sell in $20 and $50 versions.
Sexual violence has been a central and very public topic of discussion in India following the brutal December gang rape of a 23-year-old woman who died from their injuries two weeks later. The incident sparked widespread anti-rape protests, calls for justice for the young victim, and a very public international debate about women's safety in India and the responsiveness to sexual assaults by law enforcement there. A verdict in the gang rape case is expected "very soon," according to some media reports.
Given that the violence against Indian women is so widespread, the proposed watch has been met with some skepticism there.
"I don't think this will make any difference in controlling rape cases," Sehba Farooqui, a woman's rights activist in Delhi, told India Real Time.
Then again, such a device is better than no device at all, and if widely adopted and recognizable, it could serve as a deterrent in some situations. At least that's the idea. Come to think of it, such a device could prove useful for virtually anyone, almost anywhere, who ever leaves home.
India is not the first country to turn to technology as a tool for curbing sexual assault.
In 2011, the White House challenged developers, through an initiative called Apps Against Abuse, to create apps aimed at combating the alarmingly high rate of violence against college-age women.
The winner of the competition, OnWatch, operates on much the same principle as the proposed Indian wristwatch, alerting campus police or 911, as well as select friends, when a user needs help.
Researchers in Israel, meanwhile, have developed a sensor that they say can detect common date rape drugs in drinks with 100 percent accuracy.
How did I fix it :
I fired up the ubuntu installer and wiped my root partition. The new fresh installation feels much healthier than the old one, so probably necessary anyway.
Upon first login I got a reminder to save my ecryptfs key in a safe place - I do not recall doing that from my previous installation.
When I assembled my home-folder array I found what I thought was my encrypted data:
root@computer:~/mnt/user# ls -la total 8 dr-x------ 2 user user 4096 jul 2 2011 . drwxr-xr-x 8 root root 4096 feb 18 2015 .. lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 56 jul 2 2011 Access-Your-Private-Data.desktop -> /usr/share/ecryptfs-utils/ecryptfs-mount-private.desktop lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 33 jul 2 2011 .ecryptfs -> /home/.ecryptfs/user/.ecryptfs lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 32 jul 2 2011 .Private -> /home/.ecryptfs/user/.Private lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 52 jul 2 2011 README.txt -> /usr/share/ecryptfs-utils/ecryptfs-mount-private.txt
But I was not able to unlock it.
root@computer:~# ecryptfs-unwrap-passphrase /root/mnt/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped Passphrase: ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff root@computer:~# ecryptfs-recover-private /root/mnt/user INFO: Found [/root/mnt/user]. Try to recover this directory? [Y/n]: INFO: Could not find your wrapped passphrase file. INFO: To recover this directory, you MUST have your original MOUNT passphras INFO: When you first setup your encrypted private directory, you were told t INFO: your MOUNT passphrase. INFO: It should be 32 characters long, consisting of [0-9] and [a-f]. Enter your MOUNT passphrase: INFO: Success! Private data mounted at [/tmp/ecryptfs.lls9FwPj]. root@computer:~# ls -la /tmp/ecryptfs.lls9FwPj total 8 dr-x------ 2 user user 4096 Jul 2 2011 . drwxrwxrwt 11 root root 4096 Sep 11 11:08 .. lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 32 Jul 2 2011 .Private -> /home/.ecryptfs/user/. lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 33 Jul 2 2011 .ecryptfs -> /home/.ecryptfs/user/ lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 56 Jul 2 2011 Access-Your-Private-Data.desktop - lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 52 Jul 2 2011 README.txt -> /usr/share/ecryptfs-
No errors, but the mount point only contain the same unencrypted data as the source folder.
Using ecryptfs-unwrap-passphrase /root/mnt/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase I did get a key, but unfortunately it was the same one I got if I didn't supply the file as an argument, so I guess I only got my current key, not the one for the old data.
Seems both the old and new wrapped-passphrase files where the same:
root@computer:~# mount | grep md0 /dev/md0 on /root/mnt type ext4 (rw,relatime,data=ordered) root@computer:~# md5sum /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase /root/mnt/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase 52da6f1ea1ffff114795c7613b5c560e /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase 52da6f1ea1ffff114795c7613b5c560e /root/mnt/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase
I found that very odd, as the md0 was not even assembled during install.
That submystery was however solved by me reading properly:
root@computer:~# ls -l /root/mnt/user/.Private lrwxrwxrwx 1 user user 32 Jul 2 2011 /root/mnt/user/.Private -> /home/.ecryptfs/user/.Private
Seems I'd been acting on a symlink to the new home folder instead of the old data.
Reading the right file gave another (correct) key!
root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user# ecryptfs-unwrap-passphrase /root/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase Passphrase: eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Which is really the answer to my initial question: The wrapped-passphrase -file is encrypted using my login password, so as long as I have that file and know my password I should be able to access my data.
Using a saner path/key-combination did not unfortunately make much of a difference:
root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user# ls -al total 52 drwxr-xr-x 4 user user 4096 Jul 2 2011 . drwxr-xr-x 3 root root 4096 Jul 2 2011 .. drwxr-xr-x 121 user user 36864 Sep 8 14:58 .Private drwx------ 2 user user 4096 Mar 15 2015 .ecryptfs root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user# ecryptfs-recover-private /root/mnt/.ecryptfs/user INFO: Found [/root/mnt/.ecryptfs/user]. Try to recover this directory? [Y/n]: INFO: Could not find your wrapped passphrase file. INFO: To recover this directory, you MUST have your original MOUNT passphrase. INFO: When you first setup your encrypted private directory, you were told to record INFO: your MOUNT passphrase. INFO: It should be 32 characters long, consisting of [0-9] and [a-f]. Enter your MOUNT passphrase: INFO: Success! Private data mounted at [/tmp/ecryptfs.dKQkSvjC]. root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user# ls -al /tmp/ecryptfs.dKQkSvjC total 52 drwxr-xr-x 4 user user 4096 Jul 2 2011 . drwxrwxrwt 12 root root 4096 Sep 11 12:32 .. drwxr-xr-x 121 user user 36864 Sep 8 14:58 .Private drwx------ 2 user user 4096 Mar 15 2015 .ecryptfs
Since some of the ecryptfs-tools have hardcoded paths I even tried:
root@computer:~# mount /dev/md0 /home root@computer:~# su - user Signature not found in user keyring Perhaps try the interactive 'ecryptfs-mount-private' To run a command as administrator (user "root"), use "sudo <command>". See "man sudo_root" for details. user@computer:~$ ecryptfs-mount-private Enter your login passphrase: Inserted auth tok with sig [e403598bcfe01170] into the user session keyring mount: No such file or directory
But no cigar there either.
Doing the same thing withouth mounting md0 to /home does not work either however.
user@computer:~$ dash -e -x `which ecryptfs-mount-private` + PRIVATE_DIR=Private + WRAPPING_PASS=LOGIN + PW_ATTEMPTS=3 + TEXTDOMAIN=ecryptfs-utils + gettext Enter your login passphrase: + MESSAGE=Enter your login passphrase: + [ -f /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapping-independent ] + WRAPPED_PASSPHRASE_FILE=/home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase + MOUNT_PASSPHRASE_SIG_FILE=/home/user/.ecryptfs/Private.sig + /sbin/mount.ecryptfs_private + [ -f /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase -a -f /home/user/.ecryptfs/Private.sig ] + tries=0 + stty -g + stty_orig=2d00:5:bd:ca1b:3:1c:7f:1f:4:0:1:0:11:13:1a:ff:12:f:17:16:ff:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0 + [ 0 -lt 3 ] + echo -n Enter your login passphrase: Enter your login passphrase:+ stty -echo + head -n1 + LOGINPASS=MyLoginPassword + stty 2d00:5:bd:ca1b:3:1c:7f:1f:4:0:1:0:11:13:1a:ff:12:f:17:16:ff:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:0 + echo + wc -l + [ 2 = 1 ] + printf %s\0 MyLoginPassword + ecryptfs-insert-wrapped-passphrase-into-keyring /home/user/.ecryptfs/wrapped-passphrase - Inserted auth tok with sig [93196f7a8af1fdfe] into the user session keyring + break + [ 0 -ge 3 ] + /sbin/mount.ecryptfs_private mount: No such file or directory user@computer:~$ ls -l /sbin/mount.ecryptfs* -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 25944 jul 13 19:13 /sbin/mount.ecryptfs -rwsr-xr-x 1 root root 19024 jul 13 19:13 /sbin/mount.ecryptfs_private
So there is probably some magic happening (via PAM?) during normal login that's missing in my example.
Booting a live-cd I was able to access the data!
root@ubuntu:~# apt install mdadm Reading package lists... Done [...] root@ubuntu:~# mdadm --assemble /dev/md0 /dev/sd[bc]1 mdadm: /dev/md0 has been started with 2 drives. root@ubuntu:~# mount /dev/md0 /home root@ubuntu:/home# ecryptfs-recover-private /home/.ecryptfs/user/.PrivateINFO: Found [/home/.ecryptfs/user/.Private]. Try to recover this directory? [Y/n]: INFO: Found your wrapped-passphrase Do you know your LOGIN passphrase? [Y/n] Y INFO: Enter your LOGIN passphrase... Passphrase: Inserted auth tok with sig [f403498bcfd01070] into the user session keyring INFO: Success! Private data mounted at [/tmp/ecryptfs.uHQ0z177]. root@ubuntu:/home# ls /tmp/ecryptfs.uHQ0z177/ | grep Doc Documents
But even then the tools work less than perfectly:
root@ubuntu:/home# ecryptfs-recover-private INFO: Searching for encrypted private directories (this might take a while)... find: ‘/run/user/999/gvfs': Permission denied find: File system loop detected; ‘/sys/kernel/debug/pinctrl' is part of the same file system loop as ‘/sys/kernel/debug'.
So I'm starting to think that most problems I've had with this is just that ecryptfs could probably be quite a bit improved on the usability side of things.
Rebooting into my real install I'm now able to access the data:
root@computer:~# mount /dev/md0 mnt root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.Private# cd /root/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.Private/ root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.Private# ecryptfs-recover-private . INFO: Found [.]. Try to recover this directory? [Y/n]: INFO: Found your wrapped-passphrase Do you know your LOGIN passphrase? [Y/n] INFO: Enter your LOGIN passphrase... Passphrase: Inserted auth tok with sig [f4f3498bcfd01070] into the user session keyring INFO: Success! Private data mounted at [/tmp/ecryptfs.ZMqBVhRu]. root@computer:~/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.Private# ls /tmp/ecryptfs.ZMqBVhRu | grep Doc Documents
EDIT :
Seems the "search"-tool ecryptfs-recover-private is not that good at locating .Private folders. Giving the right absolute path works as it should.
ecryptfs-recover-private only searches when not supplied with any argument. If a path is supplied it must be pointing to the .Private folder.
In this example:
ecryptfs-recover-private /root/mnt/.ecryptfs/user/.Private
And, yes, wrapped-passphrase is obfuscated using your LOGIN password, if you know your password and have the file you do not need the actual KEY printout.
Sorry for the long post, but hopefully my "diary" here can save someone else a few hours.
Aurora, Colorado resident Dwight Crews moments before police Tasered and arrested him. Image via screengrab.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado is suing the Aurora Police Department on behalf of an elderly African-American man who alleged police brutality when officers assaulted and arrested them in response to false claims by their white son-in-law.
As Denver's Westworld reports, Aurora resident Dwight Crews was defending their stepdaughter from physical assault by their husband. In response, their son-in-law called the police and claimed “Crews had assaulted them and might be in possession of a gun.”
Hours after the incident, Officers Steven Gerdjikian and Ryan Marker arrived at Crews' house and, as they banged on their door, acknowledged they didn't have a warrant for their arrest while demanding they come outside.
“You're going to get a warrant for your arrest if you don't come down here to resolve this,” one of the officers said in the body camera footage of the November 2015 incident.
Crews opened the door “and was immediately subjected to a physical search.” During the search, Crews' cat wandered outside, and when they “pointed in the direction of the animal, the officers took them down to the ground, injuring them in the process.”
Though the footage is dark, the audio reveals that during the search, the officers responded to Crews' movements towards their cat with escalating alarm, eventually taking them to the ground and arresting him.
Crews, the report notes, was taken into police custody for resisting arrest and assault, but “a judge didn't see enough evidence to support the resisting-arrest accusation, and a jury subsequently found them not guilty of assaulting their son-in-law because they had been acting to defend their stepdaughter.”
In a statement acknowledging the ACLU's lawsuit on behalf of Crews, APD claimed that “the officers were found to have acted appropriately.”
“We have not had the opportunity to see how the Aurora Police Department arrived at its decisions exonerating the conduct of the police officers either in this case,” Mark Silverstein, the ACLU of Colorado's legal director, told Westworld. “Aurora refuses to disclose documents related to its investigations of alleged police misconduct even after those investigations are completed. Basically, Aurora says, ‘Trust us. We investigated our officers and they did nothing wrong.'”
As the report notes, APD has been accused on five other occasions of using excessive force against people of color since 2015, including two other cases that led to the ACLU suing the police department.
The new ‘border hunter' force have undertaken a six month crash course to help police and army units protect Hungary's borders.
Recruits have learned how to assemble guns blindfolded, how to handcuff people and judo as part of their training.
The border guards, who must be between 18 and 55 years old, are given training similar to police and learn other skills such as guarding a border fence, detaining large groups of migrants and tracking their paths.
Recruits will carry pistols with live ammunition, batons, pepper spray and handcuffs, and will also be equipped with night-vision goggles if needed.
Hungarian police aim to recruit up to 3,000 border hunters with recruitment scouts visiting secondary schools to find volunteers.
Asked under what conditions border hunters could use force against migrants, regional police chief Attila Piros said the rules were the same as for police – to “break resistance” but only as a last resort.
They said any force must be proportionate and justified. “One of the most important things in this six-month training that we teach as law but in fact has moral and ethical foundations is that criminals are human beings, everybody has human rights.”
Recruit Sandor Jankovics, 26, said they their proud to start border duty.
 They are one of dozens undergoing fast-track training at Barcs, a border crossing with fellow EU country Croatia.
Mr Jankovics said: “We will be sent to the stretch of border where we will be needed.”
Hundreds of thousands of migrants have entered Hungary through its southern border with Serbia and Croatia since 2015.
The southern frontier marks the external border of the EU's schengen zone of passport free travel.
Nationalist Prime Minister Viktor Orban ordered a fence to be built along the southern border and an EU-Turkey deal has seen the number of migrants attempting to enter Hungary fall.
Mr Orban is boosting Hungary's defences after they described mainly Muslim migrants as a “Trojan horse for terrorism” and cited the risk of new arrivals.
Thousands of border recruits took an oath to protect Hungary during a swearing in ceremony in Budapest.
Mr Orban warned Hungary must act to defend itself.
They said: “The storm has not died, it has only subsided temporarily. There are still millions waiting to set out on their journey in the hope of a better life in Europe.”
As well as the border guards and razor-wire fence, the Hungarian government has started building a second line of “smart fence” along the Serbian border.
The security clampdown comes as Hungary passed a law to detain migrants in camps along its border sparking outrage from the UN who said the move violates EU humanitarian law and will have a “terrible physical and psychological impact” on asylum seekers.
Border police say they had detained over 100 illegal migrants in the past 30 days.
Nils Muiznieks, the Council of Europe's human rights commissioner, said: “Automatically depriving all asylum seekers of their liberty would be in clear violation of Hungary's obligations under the European Convention on Human Rights.”
Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said its teams in Serbia were treating a growing number of migrants who reported being beaten and stomped on by Hungarian border guards who intercepted them.
Mr Orban's government has denied mistreating migrants. Their office said eight cases of alleged mistreatment had been investigated but in none “was it proven that refugees had been harmed by border personnel”.
Original Article
Share This
A ruthlessly determined Tony Abbott has got their way on same-sex marriage. Coalition MPs came out two to one in favour of the government's current policy and against a free vote, in an extraordinary meeting of five-and-a-half hours in which some 90 MPs spoke.
The chance of same-sex marriage being legislated in Australia this parliamentary term is stone dead.
Abbott is likely to promise that if they are re-elected there will be a popular vote to decide the issue.
Abbott has delivered to the conservatives in their parliamentary party and their electoral base. But the price of victory could be high for him. They have ignored public opinion, and gone back on what they earlier said was the way in which this issue should be dealt with. They have reinforced the criticisms within their party that are mounting again about their style and pigheadedness.
Bill Shorten, promising a bill legalising same-sex marriage within 100 days of being elected, will have a simple and potentially very popular policy. They will also have ammunition to paint Abbott as out of step with the times.
At a late-night news conference, Abbott announced what can only be described as a mishmash that they said would be refined before the election. They said there were two options for the Coalition for the next term.
The first was to continue support for traditional marriage but for Coalition MPs to have a free vote if the issue came up in parliament.
The second was to have the existing position but to settle the matter in the next term by putting it to the people in a referendum or plebiscite.
Abbott said that there was a strong feeling in the partyroom that if the Coalition were to adjust its policy to having a free vote now “a lot of people who voted for us were going to feel dudded”. But they believed that this was the last term in which the Coalition party room could be bound.
“This disposition of the party room this evening is that our position going into the next election should be that in a subsequent term of parliament, this is a matter that should rightly be put to the Australian people.”
Abbott was vague about the form of the vote. “We could have a plebiscite or a constitutional referendum,” they said, as though there was not much difference. But there is a vast difference – not least because a constitutional referendum has to be carried not just by an overall majority but a majority of states.
Also, Abbott's popular-vote option starts with the proposition that “we support the existing position that marriage is between a man and a woman” with a vote “to put this matter beyond doubt”. That sounds as if an Abbott government would be loading what was put to the people to give the best chance for the status quo to be retained.
Abbott's support for a popular vote directly contradicts their view after the Irish referendum, when they said that in Australia the appropriate decider is parliament. They were right then and wrong now. This issue, which has strong community support, does not require millions of dollars being spent on a plebiscite, let alone a referendum.
It is no coincidence that those in favour of a popular vote tend to be those against change, including Scott Morrison and Joe Hockey. They see it not just as a way of putting off the issue but they know that a no vote can often be mobilised relatively easily and if it is a referendum, history has shown it is extremely difficult to get something carried.
Tuesday's marathon meeting came after Liberal backbencher Warren Entsch raised the issue of their private member's bill at the morning Liberal party meeting. Abbott, in what Liberal critics saw as tricky tactics, not only called a special meeting within hours, but made it a joint one with the Nationals, who are overwhelmingly opposed to same-sex marriage.
Abbott justified this by saying they had referred, before the 2013 election, to the matter being dealt with by the “Coalition” partyroom if it arose in this parliament. At the Liberal meeting, senior minister Christopher Pyne likened bringing in the Nationals to “branch stacking”.
The Nationals bolstered the anti-numbers, but there would have been a majority against the conscience vote even without them. Regardless of what they said before the election, Abbott invited anger by their resort to the Nationals, although it was always expected they would call on them.
Overall the backbenchers were strongly for the status quo; the ministers were more evenly split.
Abbott said that roughly 60 supported the existing position, while about 30 said there should be a free vote, with half a dozen of the latter saying it there was a free vote they would support the current definition of marriage.
The contribution of Malcolm Turnbull, a high-profile backer of marriage equality, was strong and notable, criticising the process, including that there had not been a cabinet discussion. Julie Bishop lamented that they were supposed to be talking about climate on Tuesday.
Entsch plans to go ahead with introducing their cross-party bill next Monday but Abbott has made it clear it will not get debated.
While Abbott spoke of the risk of voters feeling dudded if the Coalition adopted a conscience vote, their sister Christine Forster spoke for those on the other side of the argument who feel dudded.
Forster told the ABC: “The PM did stand up and say in parliament – and I certainly heard them and everybody else did – that this should be a matter for the parliament. And it turns out that it is going to be a matter for parties now. It won't be a matter for the parliament because it can't be without a conscience vote.”
Listen to the latest Politics with Michelle Grattan podcast with guest, shadow treasurer Chris Bowen, here or on iTunes.
Activated carbon is widely used for electrodes in supercapacitors. Fabrication of supercapacitors is currently based on hydraulic pressing method, which is a lengthy process (several h) with challenges in controlling the layer thickness and mass. This work reports an electrophoresis method that can efficiently deposit activated biochar onto metal electrodes. The authors demonstrated that a suitable binder (ethyl cellulose) could ensure sufficient coating adhesion. Using commercial activated carbon (YP-50) as electrode material, supercapacitors were fabricated using electrophoretic deposition and the specific capacitance reached 158.6 F g−1. The electrophoretic deposition was highly efficient as it only took about 3 min and enabled accurate control of the electrode mass by simply varying the deposition time. This work demonstrates that electrophoretic deposition has the potential to replace the conventional hydraulic press method in manufacturing supercapacitors that use sustainable and environmentally friendly biochar.
General Dempsey to give keynote speech
More than 12,000 students are set to have their degrees conferred at the Arizona State University commencement ceremonies on May 8 and 9. Download Full Image
The graduate commencement ceremony will take place at 10:30 a.m., May 8, in Wells Fargo Arena. The undergraduate commencement ceremony is set to take place at 7:30 p.m., May 9, in Sun Devil Stadium.
General Martin E. Dempsey will be the official speaker for the undergraduate ceremony.
Dempsey serves as the 18th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In this capacity, they serve as the principal military adviser to the President, the Secretary of Defense and the National Security Council. By law, they are the nation's highest-ranking military officer. Prior to becoming Chairman, the general served as the Army's 37th Chief of Staff.
Dempsey's awards and decorations include the Defense Distinguished Service Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster, the Distinguished Service Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with two Oak Leaf Clusters, the Bronze Star with “V” Device and Oak Leaf Cluster, the Combat Action Badge and the Parachutist Badge. In addition to their master's degree in English, they hold master's degrees in military art and in national security studies.
ASU will also award honorary degrees to Janine Benyus, Clayton Christensen and Juan Ramon de la Fuente for their groundbreaking research in their respective fields.
Janine Benyus will receive the Doctor of Humane Letters honoris causa, for their groundbreaking work specializing in biomimicry. Benyus has authored six books and co-founded the world's first bio-inspired consultancy, whose clients include Nike, Boeing and Colgate-Palmolive. In 2006, Janine co-founded a nonprofit institute to embed biomimicry in formal education and informal spaces such as museums and nature centers.
Clayton Christensen will receive the Doctor of Science honoris causa. Christensen is the Kim B. Clark professor of business administration at the Harvard Business School, and is regarded as one of the world's top experts on innovation and growth. Christensen is the best-selling author of eight books and more than a hundred articles, including the recently released and New York Times best-selling, How Will You Measure Your Life? The Innovator's Dilemma.  They are also the founder of four successful companies.
Juan Ramón de la Fuente, M.D., will receive the Doctor of Humane Letters honoris causa. As a faculty member at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, De la Fuente engineered several new research centers that specialize in diverse disciplines, strengthened a new model for education and created new undergraduate curricula and graduate programs. Their research on alcohol abuse led to the design of a tool of universal validity for the reliable identification of this problem from its early stages. This tool has been been adopted by the World Health Organization, the International Labor Organization and the U.K. Institutes for Clinical Excellence.
Below are just some of the graduation highlights:
The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication will send 259 aspiring new journalists into world. This includes four masters degree students, 235 bachelor degree recipients and 20 BA/MMC students.
The College of Liberal Arts and Sciences on the Tempe campus will proudly graduate 2,687 undergraduate students and 328 graduate students. Within the college, the Department of English will confer 202 degrees, the School of Life Sciences 326 students and Psychology 323 students.
The Teachers College at the West campus will say goodbye to 1081 students. This includes 566 graduate students and 515 undergraduates. On the other side of the valley, the College of Technology and Innovation at the Polytechnic campus will have 394 new alumni.
Free parking will be available throughout the Tempe campus, except for metered spaces and residence hall lots. Parking information for commencement and convocation ceremonies can be found here: http://cfo.asu.edu/pts-graduation-commencement
For information, visit http://graduation.asu.edu/home.
No debate about it, the Army is making the women trying to qualify for Ranger School meet every male standard – just like they want it.
FORT BENNING, Ga. – On a lonely stretch of road inside the confines of Fort Benning, Ga., a sea of bobbing red lights bounces off soldiers' headlamps and illuminates the grey-black pre-dawn morning.
It is 5:00 am and 44 soldiers began the six-mile foot march. Just another morning and another march. Except that nine of the 44 soldiers were women; some of the first female candidates hoping to gain full-bore entry into the Army's elite Ranger School.
This is the fourth and final training assessment course this spring to include women. The two-week preparation in the Army National Guard's Ranger Training Assessment Course, or RTAC, is the lead-in to April 20's opening of Ranger School, where the women are being watched for a one-time assessment. Pentagon and Army officials this year are determining whether women can even qualify for, much less compete in, the grueling two-month Ranger School. Later they will decide whether to allow women full and official entry into the military's most elite special operations forces units, like the 75th Ranger Regiment, as combat fighters equal to men. A lot of decisions lie ahead.
“There is an art to foot marching, but running is not on the list,” said retired Army Command Sergeant Major Jeff Mellinger from the first row of a passenger van trailing the RTAC soldiers. Army officials brought in Mellinger, a storied Ranger who served as command sergeant major of Ranger Regiment's 1st Battalion, in to reassure those who wear the Ranger “tab,” – the coveted curved shoulder patch earned by those who complete the school – that it will not be watered down or its standard relaxed because women have a shot at donning it.
“There is a lot of rumor and speculation,” Mellinger said. “A lot of misinformation.”
“What we wanted to do was to inject fact into a largely fact-free environment.”
On the road, the van nears one of the soldiers making their way up a hill before the turnaround. From behind the wheel, the hill doesn't look nearly as hard as it feels for those with battered feet and burning calves. The tight formation that started the road march has now stretched out and those toward the back receive a moment of encouragement from the RTAC leaders.
What we wanted to do was to inject fact into a largely fact-free environment. Command Sergeant Major Jeff Mellinger
“Stretch it out, Ranger, stretch it out,” called retired Command Sergeant Major Thomas G. Siter, deputy commander of the Warrior Training Center. It is only clear once Siter is right up next to them that this is a male soldier.
“In that formation they don't care if the person next to them is male or female,” Mellinger said. “It is between them and the clock.” Thirty minutes later the march is over.
Of the nine women on the course still in line to qualify for Ranger school entry, eight of them have succeeded in finishing at the required 15-minute mile pace.
Soldiers conduct a obstacle course during the Ranger Training Assessment Course on Fort Benning, Ga., April 5, 2015. Photo by Spc. Dacotah Lane/U.S. Army.
Of the 138 women to have entered all four pre-Ranger School courses since January, only 20 have made it all the way to qualifying for Monday's first day of Army Ranger School, the intensely punishing, three-phase, two-month combat leadership school whose graduates have the privilege of donning the gold and black Ranger tab. Well over half of all of those who start Ranger School fail to make it past the first four days.
Only 3 percent of the U.S. Army is Ranger qualified, notes Brigadier Gen. James Rainey, a former Ranger who leads the U.S. Army Infantry School, as the march ends.
“Ranger School is really hard. We are not changing the standard,” Rainey said as soldiers mill about sweating in the early morning darkness. “I got nothing but respect for anyone wanting to be part of Ranger School.”
The scrutiny facing Rainey and other leaders at Fort Benning is intense. In recent months staff members from the Senate and House Armed Services Committees as well as Gen. Ray Odierno, Army chief of staff, have all come down to see firsthand the preparations for Ranger School's opening. On this morning, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army Gen. Daniel Allyn is on their way from Washington for a briefing.
Ranger School is really hard. We are not changing the standard. Brig. Gen. James Rainey
Rainey says that the women the Army brought in to be observers and advisers as part of this pre-Ranger course also have impressed him. They are there not to help the soldiers, but to be sounding boards for questions such as what a packing list for female soldiers should look like. How many feminine hygiene products should be allowed? What about birth control? Should hair coloring be permitted?
One of those observers, they said, “is among the top five percent of officers I have met in 25 years.  They are just a superstar leader who makes me want to be better.”
The roughly 30 observers taken from across the Army also say maintaining the Ranger standard is a point of principle about which they are vigilant.
“One standard, that is it,” said Sgt. 1st Class Tiffany Easter, a military police noncommissioned officer from Fort Stewart, Ga. In Easter's view, if only one of the 20 women make it all the way through Ranger School, so be it. If zero, well, that is not a sign of failure, but a point of pride that women have faced the same standard as men. Eventually, Easter and their fellow observers say, women will get there if they have the opportunity.
“Most important is that the standard is maintained,” they said. Any easing, they and others said, for the sake of getting women through either pre-Ranger or Ranger School harms these female soldiers and reinforces the view that they haven't earned their spot. Better that they fail, train harder, and if Ranger School opens up again, try again and succeed.
Of course there are those in Washington and elsewhere who say that the “standard” is today being ascribed mystical, mythical powers it does not merit and never had when only men were involved. Some who advocate a swifter opening of all military roles to women have talked about tying standards more closely to actual military specialties. As Greg Jacobs, a former Marine now with the Service Women's Action Network put it last year on Capitol Hill, according to Stars and Stripes, “They're taking the standards that the men are training to and inviting the women to participate… if the women can pass the standard and the men can pass the standard, does that mean it's gender-neutral because both genders can pass it?”
In Georgia, those policy conversations feel very far away. Right now there are 35 soldiers battling their exhaustion who have qualified to move forward to the first day of Ranger School.
We aren't fighting a conventional force; there are no front lines. Sgt. Joshua Eaton
After the march, as the soldiers prepare for breakfast, one of the female soldiers leads those who have survived in reciting of one of the first stanzas of the Ranger Creed. Later one female soldier gives a hand to another as they hop up to do their five pull-ups before a prized hot meal of scrambled eggs.
For the male Ranger instructors, having female soldiers in the class has been a learning process, but one made easier by the fact that those in the post-9/11 generation have deployed with women multiple times.
“These two wars set it up for that,” said Sgt. Joshua Eaton, an instructor. Eaton deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan multiple times this past decade with both conventional and special operations forces. “We aren't fighting a conventional force; there are no front lines.”
Rainey echoed that thought in a briefing room before the soldiers took to the obstacle course featuring challenges like “the Tarzan” and the “belly over.”
“I led units with women in it,” Rainey said. “This is nothing new to me. I have seen women in the worst combat environment.”
Course instructors have been impressed by the motivation of the female soldiers they have seen. “They are harder on themselves than we are,” Eaton said. “They don't want any special treatment.”
Mellinger makes it clear, they won't receive any. And echoes Easter's thought that that is good for everyone.
“There is no doubt some people that will never be convinced, and that is okay,” they said. “Without regard to whether people ever graduate, the fact that they are being trained to a standard and measured to a standard - that matters.”
The Alberta Federation of Labour is calling for the NDP government to set up a system of government-owned and operated cannabis stores in the province when recreational marijuana becomes legal next year.
With Alberta's policy framework for legal cannabis released earlier this month, Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said the province will only allow stand-alone stores to sell legal weed but it is still weighing whether to set up government-owned facilities or leave retail to the private sector.
Businesses looking to move into the recreational marijuana field in 2018 are opposed to a public system for cannabis sales, as are the province's three main opposition parties.
But AFL president Gil McGowan said government stores are the best option to create good jobs and bring the greatest financial return to provincial coffers.
“The government should keep the broader public interest in mind and, in determining that interest, they should look at things like public revenue and health and safety and job creation as opposed to just the narrow interests of investors and the potential owners of stores,” they said in an interview.
The AFL, the umbrella group for organized labour in the province and an affiliate group with the NDP, is presenting a submission to the government under consultations that will run until Oct. 27.
As it considers its options, the government says a private retail system for cannabis likely would be more flexible in meeting consumer demand and would provide more economic opportunities for small business.
On the other hand, the province says government-owned stores would provide a greater level of oversight of marijuana being bought and sold and would likely generate more government revenue in the long run. A public system would require significant upfront costs for the cash-strapped government, however, potentially putting taxpayers dollars at risk.
Alberta has not had government-owned liquor stores since they were privatized under the Klein government in the 1990s. Proponents say the large network of private liquor stores in the province provides a model for marijuana retail once the Trudeau government follows through with legalization on July 1, 2018.
Peter Pilarski, president of the Canadian Cannabis Chamber, a legal marijuana industry group, argued this week that a government-owned system would also mean higher costs, in part due to unionized wages.
McGowan, however, says liquor privatization in Alberta is an argument for a public system for cannabis, saying that the Alberta government has given up substantial revenue over the last two decades. In 2012, the left-leaning Parkland Institute issued a report saying Alberta had forgone $1.5 billion since the early 1990s and the government had the lowest per-capita take from liquor of any province.
The labour leader also makes no bones about the fact that they are interested in seeing unionized government workers responsible for cannabis sales.
“I think it's clear that the jobs in Alberta's privatized liquor system are far inferior to the jobs that existed before privatization,” said McGowan, who fully expects government workers in cannabis stores would be represented by the Alberta Union of Provincial Employees or another public sector union.
“That would be a positive outcome both for the workers and the broader public, because people who are paid better, have better job security and have at least a few benefits are also going to become more robust workers and in turn support the economy.”
The AUPE, the primary union for Alberta government workers, declined to comment.
Under the NDP's framework, stores that sell legal marijuana will not be allowed to also sell liquor, tobacco or pharmaceuticals. The legal age for consumption will be 18.
jwood@postmedia.com
FBI Director James Comey testifies during a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on "Going Dark: Encryption, Technology, and the Balance Between Public Safety and Privacy" in Washington, July 8, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque During a Wednesday speech, FBI Director James Comey discussed a myriad of issues concerning privacy and encryption in the wake of the U.S. Department of Justice's very public spat with Apple over hacking into a locked iPhone that belonged to one of the San Bernardino shooters.
Although the government used legal action to try and compel Apple to aid in unlocking the iPhone, when Apple refused, the FBI later announced that it had found a way to successfully break into the iPhone.
Although Comey addressed some of the public's concerns over privacy and encryption during their speech, they also discussed their own unusual practice of placing a piece of tape over their laptop's webcam — a gesture that is often deemed to be "paranoid," according to NPR.
"I saw something in the news, so I copied it. I put a piece of tape — I have obviously a laptop, personal laptop — I put a piece of tape over the camera," Comey said during their talk. "Because I saw somebody smarter than I am had a piece of tape over their camera."
Comey also argued during their speech that tech companies should not seek to create devices that are "unhackable" by law enforcement agencies, according to NPR.
But with their own admission that they place tape over their laptop's webcam for privacy reasons, some people have tried to call them out on what they say is evidence of a double-standard, even as others sought to defend their reasoning.
Mock drafts change up quite a bit after the Combine is completed. Some prospects rise in the eyes of the great unwashed mocker, some fall considerably.
It's unusual to see a pass rusher put up the kinds of Combine numbers Kentucky outside linebacker Bud Dupree did and remain a candidate in the early 20s of the first round.
USA Today's Nate Davis seems optimistic about that possibility, and sends Dupree - who had a 1.6 second 10-yard split in a 4.56 40-yard dash along with a 42-inch vertical and an eye-popping 11-6 broad jump - to the Steelers at 22.
Their reasoning:
Free agency threatens to decimate the Steelers' pass rush. But Dupree could form a nice tandem with holdover Jarvis Jones for years to come.
The Steelers don't have much of a pass rush to decimate, but it's true in the sense Jason Worilds, who tied for the team lead with 7.5 sacks, may sign elsewhere. We expect Worilds to remain in Pittsburgh, but that doesn't undermine the need for the team to improve in terms of sacks, hits and hurries.
Perhaps Dupree's freakish athleticism can help them do that. Their Combine numbers suggest he's as explosive an athlete as any other in the draft, and those kinds of traits usually sends a player, especially a pass rusher, into the first half of the first round.
Draft Prospect Breakdown: Kentucky OLB Bud Dupree Explosive athlete, hesitant player, Dupree's upside is intriguing.
If they was available at 22, it could be due to hot-and-cold film that, as we suggested, appears to show them as a more explosive player coming out of a three-point stance as opposed to standing up, like they would do as an outside linebacker in Pittsburgh.
NFL Network draft analyst Mike Mayock emphasized strongly during the Combine broadcast Dupree is an outside linebacker. This isn't to suggest they cannot do that, but it appears they will need some work, much like Jones did after they were selected with the 17th overall pick.
Incidentally, Jones was the first pass-rushing outside linebacker the team selected in the first round in the history of the franchise. Adding another two years later certainly would suggest the team is noticing their sagging pass rush numbers.
This is my review of the Casino in Spa. For more information on this casino, please click here.
The casino in Spa, build in 1763, holds itself to be the world‘s oldest Casino. If you don't take into account the play halls in Middle Ages Italy, this is probably true. The casinos' beginning is connected to the famous cold springs of Spa, believed to possess health-giving properties. As early as the 18th century, the springs in Spa were a major attraction for visitors from around the world, mostly members of the European elite. The Casino provided these visitors with exciting entertainment. From Spa, the idea of having a casino next to a natural resource resort then spread all around Europe.
The façade of the Casino Spa alludes to this grand history. The casino is located in a magnificent palace surrounded by gardens and lovely villas. You walk into the casino with an image of an old style, elegant establishment in mind. However, as you go past the cashier, this image evaporates in a cloud of cigarette smoke.
From the inside, the place certainly has the potential to look grand. At present, only a small part of the historic building is occupied by the casino. I was a bit more reserved than my girlfriend with my judgment; they thought the interior looked very shabby and was in desperate need of renovation.
Importantly, no smoking signs can be seen everywhere, outside and inside the Casino Spa. However, the place was full of smokers and cigarettes smoke, to the point that it was hard to breath. I told one of the staff members at the casino that I was surprised, as the casino website also said that it is a non-smoking casino. They were not defensive. Instead, they explained to me in a friendly manner that the management of the casino authorizes smoking because most players wished to smoke. To be clear, I smoke myself, and have no problem with smoking. My problem is rather with the fact that they mislead people to think that smoking is not allowed in the casino, so people arrive there and are surprised by what they find.
Entrance to the casino is free. You have to be 21 to get in and present a valid ID or Passport. On the first floor, to the left of the entrance we saw at least 150 slot machines, mostly 5 reel video slots. There was also one electronic roulette table with 8 stands. You can access the restaurant through the slot area. The restaurant seems nice, with a big terrace overlooking the city.
To the right of the entrance was the live game area. We got there at around 10:00pm. I saw two beautiful old French roulette tables that were operating. Limits were between 2 and 1,000 Euros.
There was also one American roulette table. The dealer was standing next to the table with an inviting expression on their face, but there were no players at the table.
I also saw two blackjack tables. Only one was open with limits of between 5-250 Euros. I saw the same casino Holdem I noticed at the Viage casino in Brussels and it attacked most of the players. There was another casino poker table open but I didn't recognize the game.
The opening hours for the live table games are not on the website, they are:
Monday-Thursday: 16:00-04:00
Friday-Saturday: 16:00-04:00
Sunday: 15:30-04:00
I didn't play because I couldn't breathe in the live game area as the cigarette smoke was suffocating. The cigarettes smoke there was the worst.
The second floor is the poker area. We saw two very large halls. The potential here is clearly visible. However, only one of the halls was open. There were 15 poker tables, but only 3 tables were operating. Two of were Texas Holdem tables, with many young people, only one woman and the rest were men. The third table was Omaha and the players here were mostly older. Also just one woman player.
Their poker manager was very cordial. They greeted us, offered help and let us freely look around. The air here wasn't too bad as only one person was smoking.
Note to the management:
please make a decision. Either you make it The Smoker's casino of SPA, remove the no-smoking signs and significantly improve the ventilation system, or, if players insist on smoking, you close the casino and make it into a congress hall.
Remember how the US contracted Ethiopia to “restore order” in Somalia? The East African dictatorship was to help install a UN-backed government of warlords and former communist apparatchiks in order to “free” Somalia. They ended up obliterating the delicate gains the impoverished society had made in the early 2000s.
Ethiopia, whose government purposely starved Its Own People to death in the 80s, such that Americans sang songs about them, was Washington's light of freedom unto the Somalis. That turned out horrifyingly as we know — Ethiopia could poetically be said to have infected Somalia with famine; many other African despotisms have been roped in to somehow deliver democracy at missile-point, killing and displacing thousands in the process; an insurgency of war-scarred children runs wild.
But the point isn't to mock yet again the utter, utter failure of US foreign policy with regard to Somalia, but to note that Ethiopia — DC's go-to for regional freedom delivery — is run by terrible people who monitor and punish journalism they feel threaten them. Two Swedish journalists were just sentenced to 15 years in prison for “terrorism,” i.e., the crime of attempting to report in the Ogaden, an ethnic Somali region ruled brutally by Addis Ababa. Ethiopian journalists have been charged with terrorism as well. Many flee, shuttering their papers, in order to avoid what I imagine are quite inhospitable prisons — all for speaking their minds.
In the US, meanwhile, a sort of terror-fueled guerrilla law has taken hold, which will now soon be properly codified thanks to a few hawks and an ocean of cowards in Congress, plus a power-mad president. One could wonder if Ethiopia might be the model for the US government lately, whose leaders have seen fit to torture, imprison, and murder Americans for their own crimes of speech.
Oakland's Lake Merritt could be considered a microcosm of the city itself. It showcases the sense of community that the town hangs its hat on, with smiling faces dotted about the grass enjoying the sunshine. On a typical summer day, you might run into old friends from high school, hear an aspiring musician honing their craft, or see a sword-wielding man slicing the air off to the side.
For rising rapper Elujay, the lake is just another reason why Oakland holds a special place in their heart. Walking around the landmark, they fondly recalled the summer days spent in the area, making memories at every turn. “We'd hang out all day at the lake, go to a view spot... and then go to a frat party at night. And then get tacos after,” they said with a laugh. “I can't even count how many times we've done that.”
The Tacos Mi Rancho food truck draws rave reviews throughout Oakland, giving customers some of the best Mexican food in the city.
So when they saw the staples of their childhood falling prey to gentrification, they decided to speak up the best way they knew how: through their music. Their debut album Jentrify seeks to capture the essence of their city before it changes any further, and honor everything that made Oakland so important to him. “I was going to college, so I would come back and see things evolving into new businesses, new infrastructures,” they said. “They don't understand there was a culture before this first generation of gentrifiers came in.”
Music is integral to that Oakland culture, something Elujay is well aware of. Artists such as Tony! Toni! Toné! helped define the region's style back in the early 90's, and it's only flourished since then. “We have a sound out here, all the way back to that Tony! Toni! Toné!” Elujay said. “They taught me the importance of musicality. Tony! Toni! Toné! is kind of the staple of Oakland, mixing slap with vibes.”
It's a combination that appears throughout Jentrify, revamped for the current music landscape to create what the rapper calls “futurehyphyfunk.” They pinpoint the Golden State Warriors' recent victory parade as the moment they recognized their town's signature rhythm, and knew they had to get it into their music. “It was like 200 people out there, and we had no slaps. There was one guy with the drum, and they started hitting it like this - it was like a 102 tempo - and everyone was going crazy!” they said excitedly. “I had to take a voice memo and figure out what tempo that was, and I realized, ‘wait, that's our sound.'”
Elujay began making music at age 14, when a friend downloaded production software onto their computer. They started writing a few years later, when they entered the school's poetry slam after a teacher's ultimatum. “I was failing a class my sophomore year, and my teacher was like, ‘if you write a good poem and win the poetry slam, I'll pass you,'” they said. So that night I spent hours writing, woke up the next morning and recited it in the mirror, then did the poetry slam and I won. I thought I could be dope at poetry, and I was already learning how to make beats again, so I thought I might as well just put my own lyrics into these beats.”
That two-step recipe has led the Oakland rapper to widespread success, traveling as far as Berlin for an in studio performance that's yet to be released. Their breakout hit “Flagrant” has amassed nearly two million plays on Spotify, but Elujay says they keep their blinders on both sides when it comes to recording. “I don't know man, I really don't know. I just make music. There's so much negative emotion that came into making [Flagrant], I just can't even talk about it,” they said. “Adversity helps create quality art.”
Elujay started getting more serious about music later in high school, creating a project called Seasonal Joogs. “Basically, it's nowhere to be found,” they said with a laugh. “It was kind of the building blocks to Jentrify. It was all produced by me, and there were some singers on it, some live instruments. I made it all at my dad's house...” they said, trailing off while staring into their phone. “Gotta post this cover, my bad.”
It's a promo for their new single with Chris McClenney, titled “Streamin'.” It's the pair's first collaboration, trading smooth verses over McClenney's funky production. “You know what's crazy, I've never actually met [Chris] in person,” Elujay said. “We've just been talking over the internet for a couple months, ever since my project came out. They sent me a bunch of beats, and there was one that they did with this dude Zikomo, and I was like ‘yo, this is bangin', these drums are going crazy.”
A post shared by Elujay (@elujay) on Aug 2, 2017 at 6:25pm PDT
After a run of well-received singles, Elujay is gearing up for their new album, called Avnt Garde. “I wanted to relate the similarities between music and visual art,” they said about the title. “I used to be a visual artist, so even though the music comes first, aesthetics matter too.” Blending together house, indie, R&B, and trap influences, he's aiming for that off-kilter quality associated with avant-garde works. “It's kind of like artists putting together different colors in their palette, I'm putting different genres in my palette.”
Administrators at universities across the country are responding to the growing demand for conservative and libertarian thought on campus by imposing a slimy form of ideological censorship: excessive security fees for conservative and libertarian events, demanded at the last minute before students have a chance to raise funds.
Prior to a recent event at my university in which the Bucknell University Conservatives Club hosted conservative commentator Guy Benson, I spoke with a public safety officer who informed me that university police is rarely asked to do security for events in which the speaker is a progressive commentator or activist.
This presents a problem by itself. Conservative and libertarian students are already at a financial disadvantage when it comes to planning campus events because they are often forced to pay security fees that their progressive counterparts have the luxury to forego.
I wrote in October about a concerning new trend in campus censorship which involved administrators spiking security fees for events hosted by conservative and libertarian student groups, typically with just a few days to spare before an event is set to take place. Students at the University of Maryland, who were preparing to host an event with Breitbart Senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos, were asked to provide the university with an additional $6,500 in fees just days prior to the event's scheduled date. After failing to raise the money, the students were forced to cancel the event, and the University of Maryland successfully blocked MILO from speaking on campus under the guise of their concerns for student safety.
Since then, administrators at Iowa State and Minnesota State have hit student groups planning to host Breitbart Senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos with last-minute security fee hikes. This slippery tactic from college adminstrators is spreading fast.
Interestingly, all of the institutions that have tried to block MILO from speaking with this form of censorship have been public universities. In that October column, I mentioned an important 1992 Supreme Court case in which the court decided that public universities were not permitted to vary security fees for political events based upon an administrator's subjective determination of “the amount of hostility likely to be created by the speech based on its content.”
It is important to note the distinction between a demand for increased security based upon the content of speech and a demand for increased security based upon the anticipated volatility of an audience's reaction to said content. With regards to the incident at the University of Maryland, security fees were increased not as a result of the content of Milo's speech, but out of concerns that their students wouldn't be able to behave when faced with ideas that conflict with their own.
“Speech cannot be financially burdened, any more than it can be punished or banned, simply because it might offend a hostile mob,” the Forsyth Court wrote, noting that “[t]hose wishing to express views unpopular with bottle throwers, for example, may have to pay more for their permit.”
Just this week, students at Minnesota State University, who had arranged to host MILO on December 15, were hit with an increased security fee. One of the student organizers who helped to plan the event believes that the increased fee is an attempt by the university to shut down their speech: “This was I believe a tactic to have us cancel the event because they don't think we can raise that money and we will but then they just got benefit of draining us of more of our resources” they continued. “We want the bullying of conservatives on liberal campuses to stop.”
It is not a coincidence that university administrators have ramped up their deceitful form of censorship following Trump's victory in November's presidential election. Trump-supporting students at universities across the nation have been shamed into a quiet corner of their campus and made to believe that they are responsible for the fear that some students claim they now have as a result of the election.
Citing corporate rights under the Citizens United Supreme Court decision, a St. Louis, Missouri circuit court judge has temporarily blocked a citizen-led municipal ballot initiative that could end city tax breaks to “unsustainable” fossil fuel companies.
Judge Robert Dierker granted this week a temporary restraining order that, for now, puts a citywide ballot initiative on hold. The measure “would end public financial incentives, such as tax abatements, to fossil fuel mining companies and those doing $1 million of business with them per year,” according to Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment (MORE).
MORE has led the effort to put the proposed charter amendment on St. Louis' April 8 ballot. Volunteers with the Take Back St. Louis coalition gathered over 22,000 signatures last year in an effort to put the proposal in front of St. Louis voters. In addition to curbing tax breaks, the measure would require the city to work on a sustainable energy plan that makes way for renewable energy efforts on vacant city-owned property.
Dierker said the ballot initiative was “facially unconstitutional” given it may collide with state law and because targeting unsustainable-energy companies is a “patent denial of equal protection to those entities.”
Citing the controversial Citizens United Supreme Court decision, which further entrenched corporate personhood rights in the US, they said “business entities (which, after all, are a species of associations of citizens coming together in the exercise of economic freedom) are entitled to constitutional protection as citizens and may not arbitrarily be denied basic legal rights.”
Dierker's ruling sets the scene for a March 31 hearing on a possible permanent injunction against the sustainable energy proposal.
The judge sided with lawyers associated with St. Louis-based Peabody Energy, the world's largest private coal company. It was only two weeks ago that Jane Dueker - a former Peabody lobbyist, though they now work for a law firm that lobbies for the energy giant - filed the motion for the restraining order. Echoing opponents of the ballot measure, the lawsuit says the initiative would negatively impact pertinent companies, possibly causing some to leave the city, one that has seen tough economic conditions for decades.
The St. Louis Post Dispatch reported that Peabody Energy is not party to the suit, but calls the ballot measure a “poorly drafted and misguided proposal.”
According to MORE, Peabody received tax breaks of US$61 million “of purchases and office renovations from the City in 2010.” MORE says the tax breaks would help the struggling community more efficiently if given to small businesses and to help revive decaying parts of St. Louis.
“We fundamentally disagree with this temporary ruling, and quoting Citizens United is an insult to home rule powers and our local democracy,” said Reginald Rounds, of the Take Back St. Louis campaign. “Saying that Peabody Energy has equal rights with St. Louis public school students who lack supplies due to corporate tax breaks is what is a violation of rights in our city.”
MORE noted that two officials from the office of St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay testified at the most recent hearing in support of the lawsuit, indicating the city government's loyalties.
Often but not always I am a fan of the selfindulgently extravagant or audacious or obnoxious gesture in art; it's why I like My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy so much, and The Crying of Lot 49, and the naming conventions of the Fast and Furious franchise*, and the second season of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya and it's why I wish I liked Death Grips' NO LOVE DEEP WEB more. It's not bad by any stretch but when a group spend months of major label time and money recording an album that they then guerrilla-release for free with a Sharpie-scrawled erect penis on the cover; well, I end up wanting to like it a lot. Instead, after adoring the actual-major-label release The Money Store I find NO LOVE DEEP WEB just a little disappointing and – weirdly, considering it is in some way less abstractly noisy than The Money Store – kind of tiring. The obscene bellowed nonsequiturs are less convincing. I wish somehow that the audacity of its release was audible on the record.
But it isn't, obviously; its audacity is totally external to – it's after – its status as a work of art. And works of art stand on their own, don't they?
– all I'm going to say about how good NO LOVE DEEP WEB is: it's quite good. Best cuts are “Lil Boy” and “Lock your Doors” –
This stuff gets messy. It would I think be some sort of madness to declare that NO LOVE DEEP WEB is a great record because it pissed off Epic Records and because it has a penis on the cover, hilarious though both those things are when taken together. But then why like Haruhi Suzumiya so much? Sure, the audacity of giving over two-thirds of your season's run to a single trapped-in-time plot that apparently requires that you repeat the same episode eight times in a row is a more internal kind of audacity than NO LOVE DEEP WEB‘s; you can see it as it happens; but if we're going to be hardcore anti-intentionalists about this then praising Haruhi Suzumiya for its audacity (or ostentation, or bullheadedness, or whatever) still seems problematic. Even if the audacity is internal to Haruhi Suzumiya it's difficult to see how we can describe it as such without grasping for some kind of authorial intent.
Well okay, not intent in terms of meaning, necessarily. I don't really know nor care what the creators of Haruhi Suzumiya were trying to pull off with the “Endless Eight” cycle. They mostly succeeded in annoying a lot of anime fans. But even where the indulgent and audacious thing is present in the work – unlike in NO LOVE DEEP WEB – you're still appealing to some fact external to the work if you choose to praise it on that basis: someone somewhere is being audacious and indulgent. The work isn't indulging itself. The work is manifesting someone's audacity and indulgence. In my head this is a problem; audacity just sounds intentional.
– moreso a problem than irony and allusion, the issues often brought up to combat anti-intentionalism, which can be disposed of with the assertion that I can experience what I like in your work of art, and allusion further eliminated because allusion is rubbish, a crutch for bad writers and worse readers –
One of the arguments occasionally pressganged into the service of what people like me call the intentional fallacy is that of the posited author, which basically claims that while it is of course completely ludicrous to care even for a second what an actual author with like organs or whatever thinks about their work, one can still do a sort of intentional analysis on the basis of what the work suggests (er, posits) about its author's intentions. It is I guess a sort of demilitarised zone between intentionalism and anti-intentionalism: you're still saying that some sort of non-subjective meaning can be gleaned from intent, but it appeases the anti-intentionalists to some extent by denying that that intent can be located in an object wandering around meatspace somewhere. Describing Haruhi Suzumiya as audacious seems to be positing an author in just this way; the image it creates is of some creator somewhere giggling before a computer screen livid with apoplectic comments, going home fundamentally and unstoppably pleased with themselves; and this image delights me. Nowhere in NO LOVE DEEP WEB does it posit the author that will enrage and subsequently be dropped by Epic Records, though when listening it's quite hard to imagine why they were ever signed in the first place.
So the posited author lets you make intentional-sounding claims about things, use intentional-sounding words like “audacious” and “extravagant” without worrying about what some idiot with a pen or a copy of Adobe Illustrator actually says. But it's not quite the panacea it appears I don't think. The relationship between the posited author and the actual author troubles me. Things that don't exist can't be intentional; so what happens when the creators of Haruhi Suzumiya come back and say that our posited author is wrong? If they deny that they're being audacious, it seems difficult to argue that some part of the work is independently manifesting audacity; again, because audacity just sounds intentional. It might be safer to stay away from such words entirely, lest we end up becoming intentionalists by accident. But it's difficult to imagine enjoying the “Endless Eight” without considering how hilarious it is that someone actually did it; all those things are all tied up in the work. That they're visible is part of the joy; but that they point to something outside is undeniable.
I don't know how to solve it.
*The Fast and the Furious; 2 Fast 2 Furious; The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift; Fast & Furious; Fast Five; Fast & Furious 6.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON — The House began to consider legislation Wednesday that would allow some schools to opt out of healthier meal standards — a proposal that has drawn a veto threat from the White House.
The GOP spending bill on the House floor would allow schools to waive the school lunch and breakfast standards championed by first lady Michelle Obama for the next school year if they lost money on meal programs over a six-month period. The chamber is expected to have a final vote on the bill next week.
In a statement threatening a veto, the White House said Tuesday that the bill would be “a major step backwards for the health of American children by undermining the effort to provide kids with more nutritious food.”
The school meal rules set by Congress and the Obama administration over the past several years require more fruits, vegetables and whole grains in the lunch line. Also, there are limits on sodium, sugar and fat.
Some school nutrition directors have lobbied for a break, saying the rules have proved to be costly and restrictive. The schools pushing for changes say limits on sodium and requirements for more whole grains are particularly challenging, while some school officials say kids are throwing away fruits and vegetables they are required to take.
Republicans have said the standards are overreach. Rep. Robert Aderholt of Alabama, the Republican author of the agriculture spending bill that includes the provision, said the rules were put in place too quickly and schools need more time to comply. On the House floor, they emphasized that the waivers are meant to be temporary.
“This is a real problem in many school districts across the country,” Aderholt said. “It only allows schools more time if they need it.”
California Rep. Sam Farr, the top Democrat on the agriculture spending panel, called the provision a “cop-out.” They held a rally on Capitol Hill Wednesday with parents, chefs and lawmakers to protest the opt-out language and is expected to offer an amendment to strip out the provision.
Mrs. Obama has lobbied Congress to keep the standards, holding a White House event late last month with school nutrition directors who said the guidelines are working in their schools. On Thursday, they are scheduled to harvest crops from the White House kitchen garden with school nutrition directors and children from schools that have successfully put the standards in place.
The Senate did not include the opt-out language in its version of the spending bill.
Yesterday, I posted about how internet certification authorities will sign unqualified names, which have no meaning on the internet.
In addition to unqualified names being meaningless — or, worse than meaningless — there are also meaningless fully-qualified names. And, yes, CAs will sign those names too.
As you may know, the internet domain name system (DNS) has a hierarchical structure: at the top are the top-level domains (TLDs) like .com, .org, and .net. Additionally, each two-letter ISO country code like UK, JP, and CN is also a valid country-code TLD (ccTLD). Finally, there are the lesser-known TLDs like .mobi, .museum, and .int.
Although you can register most any name (that contains letters, numbers, dashes, and arguably underscores) underneath the TLDs, the set of TLDs is fixed. Although ICANN might someday approve a .mars TLD for the red planet, they have not yet done so. If you try to browse to www.olympus-mons.mars, you won't get anywhere. (Yet.)
However, CAs will sign certificates vouching for the identities of servers under non-existent TLDs and for names that are not legal DNS names (such as phrases containing spaces). Attached to this post, below, is a file containing a list of all the distinct TLDs in all the CA-validated names that the EFF SSL Observatory has observed.
The vast majority of TLDs in the list are invalid and have no meaning on the internet. Browsing it, you'll see lots of names that are not internet TLDs, like .public, .priv, .nyc, .84/exchange, and so on. My favorite invalid TLD in the list is .foo, a technical term meaning “whatever”.
It might happen that someday ICANN will create some of these TLDs. There is even talk that they might allow people to register (at a high cost) arbitrary TLDs like .milk or .cookies. In that case, these currently-invalid certificates will become valid because they will suddenly refer to usable internet names. For example, imagine if Microsoft were able to, in the future, register the .microsoft TLD so that they could have www.microsoft for their web site address. As the Observatory shows, an attacker can probably get a CA to sign that name today. Such an attacker would be able to hijack Microsoft's web site on the very minute the new name goes live.
Technical Fun
For the geeks among you, here is how I generated the list. (Note that the Observatory home page gives instructions on how to set up your own copy of the Observatory, and how to run it on an Amazon EC2 instance.)
First, select all the TLDs from the names table in MySQL:
mysql> select distinct substring_index(name, '.', -1) as tld from names where name regexp '^.+\\..+$' order by name into outfile '/tmp/tld5';
Then, remove the numeric “TLDs” (really, the final octet of all those IP addresses that CAs signed). For good measure, sort the list and unique it:
$ grep -vE '^[0-9]+$' /tmp/tld5 | \ sort -u > invalid-validated-tlds.txt
You can spot-check strange names with a simple query:
mysql> select name from names where name like '%.zaventem'; +---------------------------------+ | name | +---------------------------------+ | ciblex-exchange.ciblex.zaventem | +---------------------------------+ 1 row in set (1.37 sec)
Guns are more than news stories in the Brightwood neighborhood of Northwest Washington, where my home is located. They are a deadly fact of life.
Around 12:30 Wednesday morning, a neighbor took to our email discussion group to ask about a helicopter that had been circling above Missouri and Georgia avenues NW for 30 minutes. "What's going on?" they asked.
The answer came later in the morning from the D.C. police. A fatal shooting had occurred in the 6200 block of Eighth Street NW.
"At approximately 11:58 pm, members of the Fourth District responded to the listed location for the report of a shooting," the news release said. "Upon arrival, officers located three adult male victims suffering from gunshot wounds. DC Fire and EMS responded to the scene and transported all of the victims to local hospitals. Two of the victims succumbed to their injuries and were pronounced dead. A third victim sustained non-life threatening injuries." The first decedent has been identified as 22-year-old Sefjuan Jones, of Nashville, N.C. The second has been identified as 25-year-old Renard Marsh of Northwest.
The shooting scene is in a residential area two blocks east of George Avenue. I live three blocks west of the avenue. Two of the victims were found in the house, the third outside. Police don't know where the shooting took place, but they are on the lookout for a black BMW witnessed leaving the scene.
The good news: We've had only nine assaults, including shootings, in Brightwood this year. That's down from 16 last year, according to The Post.
The bad news is that Tuesday brought Brightwood's homicide total to three this year. A year ago at this time, we had none.
But guns we have.
The other night, neighbors behind my house in 16th Street Heights were awakened by gunshots. Shells on the street, but no bodies, were found the next morning.
We have guns.
This is no knock on the police in the Fourth District. They are out and about. They respond quickly. They make arrests. But they can't be everywhere — not like guns and the shooters who use them.
It deserves to note that overall crime — robberies, assaults with deadly weapons, homicides — is down in the city, according to Kevin Donahue, D.C. deputy mayor for public safety.
But the reductions are uneven. Eastern sections of the city rack up the big numbers. West of Rock Creek Park, relatively speaking, is a demilitarized zone.
But it is the specter of violence — fear that danger could be lurking around the corner — that sets neighborhoods, and neighbors, apart.
I guess some things in life, crime included, may just come with the territory.
Which gets us back to guns.
Why so many?
The answer, some may think, lies with the federal appeals court ruling last month that gutted the city's gun control laws. Now residents, after years of D.C. opposition, will be able to get permits to carry guns in public if they get criminal background checks, two hours of range training and a 16-hour safety course.
I won't be one of those trying to get a concealed- ­carry license.
Not that I am irrevocably opposed to gun ownership.
Records of the D.C. police will show that I am a registered gun owner — have been for years.
Got my license when I returned to the District after living in Maryland, where I acquired my .22-caliber semiautomatic rifle. Renewed the license last year after being fingerprinted and undergoing an FBI background check.
I know my way around guns, having fired an M1 rifle in Army training. I also am familiar with pistols. During my years as a special agent with the State Department in the '60s, I was qualified in the use of a .38-caliber pistol and a .357 magnum. These were the weapons issued when I was assigned to protect visiting foreign heads of state.
And that is the reason I will not seek a concealed-carry pistol license.
While my own weapon is trigger-locked with the key out of reach, I don't particularly like myself when I have a gun on my hip.
Recalling my experience years ago when I was pressed into service to help protect a foreign leader attending a U.N. General Assembly session and making an official visit to Washington, I back off the idea of carrying a lethal weapon.
I liked the experience way too much.
I loved the weight of the weapon on my hip, the glances I got from the people on the streets, in the hotels and at receptions who noticed the gun when my jacket slid open.
I liked too much the feeling of empowerment, and the what? — the itchiness to show off, to be seen taking on possible threats. Just spoiling for a challenge.
Back then, the lure of coming off macho was in my head.
It could be with me now.
I'll take my chances without a weapon. The District has enough guns without adding another.
Lots of guns.
Read more from Colbert King's archive.
GREEN BAY, WI - SEPTEMBER 13: Quarterback Aaron Rodgers #12 of the Green Bay Packers is sacked by defensive tackle Amobi Okoye #91, defensive end Shea McClellin #99 and defensive end Corey Wootton #98 of the Chicago Bears during the first quarter at Lambeau Field on September 13, 2012 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images) The Bears sack Aaron Rodgers in Green Bay in 2012. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)
By Adam Hoge-
(CBS) The Bears will win the NFC North this season.
That's how I see it after nearly a month and a half of seeing the Bears adapt to Marc Trestman's system on a daily basis.
Granted, I haven't been around the Packers, Vikings and Lions, but from afar, I see flaws with all of those teams.
That's not to say the Bears don't have flaws — they do. But every team does. And if this unit stays healthy, they can be very good.
Here's the genesis of my reasoning:
– An underestimated head coach. As I've pointed out before, I've been very impressed with Marc Trestman from the standpoint that they came in with a calculated plan and has not wavered from it. Whether or not they can coach at the NFL level on Sundays remains to be seen, but the preseason contests were an indication that the players are buying into what he's been preaching. There were very few pre-snap penalties, wasted timeouts and confusion at the line of scrimmage. Between plays, everything was smooth and that's a big improvement from what we've seen in years past.
– Talent inherited. New head coaches usually inherit bad teams. Trestman is taking over a 10-6 team with upgrades at a lot of positions. Sure, no regular season games have been played yet, but judging from training camp and the preseason, I believe the following positions are better than they were last year: Left tackle (Jermon Bushrod), left guard (Matt Slauson), right guard (Kyle Long), right tackle (Jordan Mills), tight end (Martellus Bennett), No. 2 wide receiver (Alshon Jeffery is healthy and improved) and strong side linebacker (James Anderson).
As you probably noticed, almost all of those positions are on offense, which was the unit holding this team back under Lovie Smith. And you can add in there that Trestman's offense is better suited for Jay Cutler and especially Matt Forte, which should lead to more overall production.
– No dip on the defense. From a talent standpoint, there's nothing indicating there will be a dip in production on defense. The only thing still worrisome is that Lance Briggs was on the podium Wednesday still talking about the loss of Brian Urlacher from a leadership standpoint. That's a real concern, but at the same time, both D.J. Williams and Jon Bostic should be an upgrade in physical production compared to what Urlacher was able to give a year ago.
Meanwhile, you can make the same argument about talent inherited for Mel Tucker, who is pretty much the head coach of the defense. Tucker is a very good defensive coordinator who inherits a defense that is better at probably 10 of the 11 positions than their Jaguars unit a year ago. That has to have them excited. And just like Lovie Smith and Rod Marinelli, Tucker is always preaching the importance of takeaways. Basically, this unit won't look much different than it has in the past, even without Urlacher in the middle.
– Contract year. You heard all about this at the start of training camp. The Bears have a large number of players playing on the final year of their current contract. From the quarterback to the kicker, you're going to see a lot of motivated guys “trying to feed their family” as Robbie Gould infamously put it back in July.
– The Packers are overrated. I'm usually the guy talking up the Packers, but this is a team with flaws this year. The receiving unit has gotten worse and the offensive line isn't any better. Of course, Eddie Lacy is an upgrade at running back and Aaron Rodgers is still Aaron Rodgers, so you know this team will be good, but I think they are definitely beatable.
The bottom-line is that if the Bears want to win the division, they have to beat the Packers at least once, and here's why I think that will happen: Marc Trestman. The Packers' defense has always had holes (you saw them exposed in the playoffs last year), but Dom Capers has had the Bears' number and the offensive coordinators in Chicago haven't been able to come up with a scheme to move the football efficiently on Green Bay. Trestman's offense is all about efficiency and I believe he'll come up with a game plan to beat the Packers at least once — maybe twice.
Sure, the Vikings and Lions are decent teams too, but remember: Lovie Smith lost their job because they couldn't beat the Packers anymore. That's how you win the NFC North.
And that's why Marc Trestman was brought here to Chicago.
Links
– Who ya got Sunday? Our Bears experts make their Bears-Bengals picks.
– The offseason was all about Jay Cutler and the regular season will be no different.
– Lance Briggs said D.J. Williams will start over Jon Bostic at middle linebacker Sunday.
– Marc Trestman knows exactly how to handle Jay Cutler, writes Jeff Joniak.
– Dan Durkin makes their NFL predictions for the 2013 season.
Friday's schedule
The Bears practice at 10:55 a.m. Friday. Head coach Marc Trestman will speak to the media following practice.
Adam Hoge covers the Bears for CBSChicago.com and is a frequent contributor to 670 The Score. Follow them on Twitter at @AdamHoge.
Yeah, did you know there were six types of love? Perhaps you can think of more. But these are the main ones. So, which category does yours fall into? Or better yet, what type of lover are you?
Love is a tricky thing, it sneaks up on you when you least expect it. It sucks you in, it makes you invest and sometimes it can bleed you dry just as easily or sometimes love truly does conquer all. But look back into your past, or even your current relationship if that applies to you and have a think about which category you fell or fall into:
Eros
A type of love that adheres to the standards and stereotype of romantic love. This love encompasses romance and unflinching passion.
Ludus
A type of love often compared to sport. It's seen more of a “game”, with conquests, jealousy and playfulness that can have many “players” involved.
Storge
A type of love that initially began as a friendship, with the romantic feelings coming later on. A bond turning from one thing to another based on similarities.
Pragma
A type of love that allows the head to rule over the heart. Perhaps you were with your other half because it's smarter to be with them than without them. These lovers have high ambitions and work as part of a team to achieve their goals.
Mania
A type of love fuelled by obsession. Great emotional ecstasy and depression as well as jealousy. A dangerous love that's both rewarding and all consuming.
Agape
A type of love that is selfless, often called “unconditional”, caring for each other. Putting their needs entirely above your own.
These many types of love are constantly with us in some form or another. Be it through friends and family or a partner. All of the love we experience impacts our present, our future and how we remember our past, you could say that it shapes and moulds the person we become.
Who is the person you have become since experiencing love and/or heartbreak?
Advertisements
via press release:
SYFY GREENLIGHTS NEW SERIES EXIT, BASED ON HIT JAPANESE SERIES
SIX-EPISODE THRILLING COMPETITION SERIES TO PREMIERE JUNE 4 AT 10PM
NEW YORK – April 3, 2013 – Building off the success of its hit series Face Off and Total Blackout, Syfy today announced an expansion of its reality competition programming with the greenlighting of Exit. Based on the Nippon Television Network's hit Japanese series Dero!, Exit is an all-new six episode series hosted by Curt Doussett (America's Lost Treasures, Hazard Pay) set to premiere June 4 at 10PM ET/PT.
In each nail-biting episode, four teams of two contestants will battle to escape a series of four mind-bending and seemingly diabolical rooms, each more challenging than the last. The winning team must beat the clock while solving rapid-fire brain games and navigating a bevy of terrifyingly entertaining puzzles in order to be the only team to truly exit and win the $10,000 prize.
Said Mark Stern, President of Original Content, Syfy, “Exit is a heart-pounding adrenalin rush of a competition series that truly embraces imagination, forcing its eager contestants to experience twisted and visual brain puzzles while navigating booby-traps, receding floors, collapsing walls, bottomless sand pits and much more.”
Exit is produced by Smart Dog Media in association with Zig Zag Productions. Craig Plestis (Minute to Win It, America's Got Talent), Michael Binkow (1 vs. 100, Who Wants to Be A Millionaire), Danny Fenton (Scam City, Cheryl Cole: Where Did It All Go Right… and Wrong) and Scott St. John (Total Blackout, America's Got Talent) serve as Executive Producers.
Exit joins Syfy's robust roster of popular reality series such as Face Off, Ghost Hunters, Haunted Collector, Total Blackout, Paranormal Witness, Ghost Mine, and Syfy's newest series Deep South Paranormal which will premiere Wednesday, April 10 at 10PM.
Syfy is a media destination for imagination-based entertainment. With year round acclaimed original series, events, blockbuster movies, classic science fiction and fantasy programming, a dynamic Web site (www.Syfy.com), and a portfolio of adjacent business (Syfy Ventures), Syfy is a passport to limitless possibilities. Originally launched in 1992 as SCI FI Channel, and currently in more than 98 million homes, Syfy is a network of NBCUniversal, one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies. NBCUniversal is owned by Comcast Corporation. (Syfy. Imagine greater.)
When the Saudis announced their intention not to support oil prices when they were sliding towards $90 and plunged quickly through that level, we deemed the move to be a masterstroke. It served to damage both economic and political enemies. On the economic front, the casualties would include renewables, Canadian tar sands, and the US shale gas industry. On the geopolitical front, the casualties would include Iran, Syria, Russia…. and the US.
Even though Riyadh is nominally still an ally, relations with the US are fraught. The Saudis are mighty unhappy with America over its failure to get rid of Assad, its refusal to indulge Saudi demands of attacking Iran (our leaders may be drunk on power, but they haven't quite gone over the deep end) and or indirectly working with Iran against ISIS (which started out as Prince Bandar's private army and may still have the kingdom as a stealth patron). So the Saudis are not at all unhappy if the US suffers as a result of the whackage of its energy industry. First, that's an inevitable outcome if the Saudis are to succeed in maximizing the value of their oil assets, which is a survival issue for the royal family. Second, since relations between the US and Riyadh are frayed right now, it is an opportune time to show that the kingdom is not to be treated casually.
Yesterday, the Saudis made it even more clear that they are not pulling out of their game of chicken with other energy producing nations. The Saudis will keep pumping and by implication, will force production cuts on others. But in its clever formulation, which has the advantage of being true but misleading, the Saudis insist that all they are doing is preserving market share. Key sections of the Financial Times report:
Opec will not cut production even if the price of oil falls to $20 a barrel, the cartel's de facto leader said, spelling out a dramatic policy shift that will have far-reaching implications for the global energy industry. In an unusually frank interview, Ali al-Naimi, the Saudi oil minister, tore up Opec's traditional strategy of keeping prices high by limiting oil output and replaced it with a new policy of defending the cartel's market share at all costs. “It is not in the interest of Opec producers to cut their production, whatever the price is,” they told the Middle East Economic Survey. “Whether it goes down to $20, $40, $50, $60, it is irrelevant.” They said the world may never see $100 a barrel oil again…. In the MEES interview, Mr Naimi said Saudi Arabia and other Gulf oil producers would be able to withstand a long period of low crude prices, largely because their production costs were so low — at only about $4-$5 a barrel. But they said the pain will be much greater for other oil regions, such as offshore Brazil, west Africa and the Arctic, whose costs are much higher. “So sooner or later, however much they hold out, in the end, their financial affairs will limit their production,” they said. “We want to tell the world that high efficiency producing countries are the ones that deserve market share,” said Mr Naimi added. “If the price falls, it falls . . . Others will be harmed greatly before we feel any pain.”
We had argued that many US shale producers might still keep pumping at a loss, since they needed to keep generating cash flow to service debt. And if they still have open credit lines, they could also borrow to keep producing in the hope that they would ride out what would prove to be a short-lived downdraft. Many Wall Street analysts are predicting that oil prices will rebound in the second half of 2015 as energy producers cut back on output. But if too many suppliers all make the same bet, that they cna stay the course because someone else will make cuts, then output levels won't drop as much as analysts anticipate and pries will stay low longer.
The stern words from the Saudis are clearly meant to speed up that process. We'll see how quickly US producers act as if they have gotten the memo. A separate Financial Times story shows how a major Bakken player is slashing capital expenditures (which has ramifications for their suppliers and their employment level) but plans to produce more from fewer wells:
Continental Resources, one of the largest oil producers in the Bakken field in North Dakota which has been at the centre of the US shale resurgence, has cut its 2015 capital spending plans for the second time and intends to reduce the number of rigs it has operating by nearly 40 per cent…. Continental said late on Monday that it planned to spend $2.7bn on wells and other investment next year — down significantly from its previous plan of $4.6bn, which in turn was a reduction from its original target of $5.2bn. It added that it expected to cut the number of drilling rigs it was using from about 50 today to an average of 31 for next year. The company also said it expected to be able to cut the cost of its wells by about 15 to 20 per cent. In spite of the planned fall in its capital spending, however, Continental still expects its average production next year to be 16-20 per cent higher than its average for 2014.
Notice that Continental plans to stay at cash flow breakeven:
Mr Hamm told the Financial Times the cut was intended to bring Continental's capital spending “pretty close” to its cash flow from operations, so that it would not have to increase its borrowings.
But since shale wells show sharp production declines after the first two years, Hamm's “do more with less” strategy looks to be a clever short-term expedient. They can't afford to cut development for too long, or else their production in a year or a bit more will start to taper off.
And notice how their price forecast is consistent with current US conventional wisdom and at odds with what the Saudis have in mind:
Mr Hamm, who started out in the oil business driving a truck in 1963, said they had seen “about half a dozen” such cycles in their career. They added that they expected prices to settle again at about $85-$90 per barrel, and “eventually” return to the $100 per barrel level seen in June.
It seems reasonable to expect oil prices to their old levels in light of peak oil, but that belief may also reflect anchoring. Before the Saudi bombshell, Anatole Kalecki argued oil could fall to $20 a barrel if the OPEC regime didn't hold. The Saudi “pump, baby, pump” strategy is tantamount to OPEC abandoning its cartel role. From Anatole Kaletsky in Reuters:
Low oil prices will last long enough for one of two events to happen. The first possibility, the one most traders and analysts seem to expect, is that Saudi Arabia will re-establish OPEC's monopoly power once it achieves the true geopolitical or economic objectives that spurred it to trigger the slump. The second possibility, one I wrote about two weeks ago, is that the global oil market will move toward normal competitive conditions in which prices are set by the marginal production costs, rather than Saudi or OPEC monopoly power. This may seem like a far-fetched scenario, but it is more or less how the oil market worked for two decades from 1986 to 2004. Whichever outcome finally puts a floor under prices, we can be confident that the process will take a long time to unfold… There are several reasons to expect a new trading range as low as $20 to $50, as in the period from 1986 to 2004. Technological and environmental pressures are reducing long-term oil demand and threatening to turn much of the high-cost oil outside the Middle East into a “stranded asset” similar to the earth's vast unwanted coal reserves. Additional pressures for low oil prices in the long term include the possible lifting of sanctions on Iran and Russia and the ending of civil wars in Iraq and Libya, which between them would release additional oil reserves bigger than Saudi Arabia's on to the world markets. The U.S. shale revolution is perhaps the strongest argument for a return to competitive pricing instead of the OPEC-dominated monopoly regimes of 1974-85 and 2005-14. Although shale oil is relatively costly, production can be turned on and off much more easily – and cheaply – than from conventional oilfields. This means that shale prospectors should now be the “swing producers” in global oil markets instead of the Saudis. In a truly competitive market, the Saudis and other low-cost producers would always be pumping at maximum output, while shale shuts off when demand is weak and ramps up when demand is strong. This competitive logic suggests that marginal costs of U.S. shale oil, generally estimated at $40 to $50, should in the future be a ceiling for global oil prices, not a floor.
The Saudi determination to hold its position and force adjustment onto higher-cost producers makes this Kaletsky scenario seem more likely than it did when they wrote it. And that means optimistic US producers will have to wait much longer for their $100 a barrel payday than they expected and have to do a lot more creative production juggling in the meantime. As as shale producers have to contend with maturing debt, some may not be able to manage all the moving parts. As the Saudis hold to their guns, we can expect to see debt restructurings and asset sales. It won't happen overnight but the combination of high debt levels, lack of access to cheap junk bonds, and a big fall in revenues means the air supply of these producers has been cut in a big way. Some will still prosper in these new conditions, but right now, we are seeing a lot of denial as to how much downshifting and reorganizing is likely to take place over the next eighteen months.
The Internet Engineering Task Force has taken the first steps towards a better way of protecting users' DNS queries and incidentally made a useful contribution to making neutrality part of the 'net's infrastructure instead of the plaything of ISPs.
The Register first noticed the technology in this article by Mark Nottingham (an Internet Architecture Board member, but in this case writing as an individual) that provides an overview of changing 'net protocols (we assume El Reg readers already know about HTTP/2, TLS 1.3, and QUIC); but buried further down is the relatively-unheralded DOH.
No, that's not a Homer Simpson outburst missing its apostrophe: it stands for DNS over HTTPS, and emerged from IETF working group first established in May this year.
The basic premise of DOH is simplicity itself: as long as client and server support it, if someone is using (say) Google's 8.8.8.8 as their DNS resolver, they can send the query over HTTPS instead of as a DNS packet, with end-to-end encryption.
As Nottingham wrote, the effort is directed towards defeating networks (or for that matter, governments) that use DNS to impose policy on 'net traffic.
Integrity, confidentiality, scaling
To understand DOH, The Register spoke to one of the Internet-Draft's co-authors, Patrick McManus of Mozilla.
McManus said there were several drivers that led towards DOH: chiefly, it provides a guarantee of both the integrity and the confidentiality of DNS requests, and it helps overcome scaling problems in the DNS.
On scaling, they said, lookups are slower than you might expect: “the 75th percentile for lookups is 181 milliseconds”, they said, which is clearly unacceptable. While the big authoritative servers are fast, stub resolvers at the ISP level are highly variable.
“This is a problem for the Webspace,” McManus said, because “it's a blocking latency and there's very little you can do about it.”
If, for example, you're trying to download a Web page which embeds a dozen external links, that's a dozen DNS lookups slowing down the load.
“Big Web” infrastructure isn't ISP-level, it's in content distribution networks (CDNs).
“Instead of every ISP having to reinvent this infrastructure for themselves … this allows you to simply push the endpoints into infrastructure that's designed to scale, the CDN world,” McManus said.
Antidote for poisoning
But it's integrity and confidentiality that are DOH's important characteristics, because DNS is such a common vector for networks or governments to interfere with traffic.
Network provider DNS manipulations of some types are already common, McManus said, referring to this study [PDF].
“There's a high frequency of [DNS resolver] prefixes being rerouted in some way,” they said, “and that's completely invisible to the client”.
As Nottingham wrote, there are ways to protect against this, but they're visible to the network operator: “it is possible to discriminate it from other traffic; for example, by using its port number to block access.
“DOH addresses that by piggybacking DNS traffic onto an existing HTTP connection, thereby removing any discriminators. A network that wishes to block access to that DNS resolver can only do so by blocking access to the website as well.”
McManus: “DNS traffic is commonly messed with, and a lot of privacy implications are attached to that. Although DNSSEC allows end-to-end integrity, it can be trivially downgraded by anybody … including your network provider, in ways that are non-obvious”.
DOH's encryption (via HTTPS) hides the traffic from the provider, on a port the ISP can't block.
While client implementations have yet to emerge, McManus said, there are at least two ways a DOH client could indicate interference to the end user, either via the error message that tells users why a lookup failed or, if the client falls back to an “ordinary” resolver, an error message indicating what's happened.
“What you won't get is modified data without you knowing … you won't be misled,” they said.
That's where DOH reaches into the 'net neutrality debate. For example, if a network provider is using DNS to identify sources it wants to discriminate against, it will be defeated by the encryption.
User privacy goes beyond defeating censorship or network manipulation: it also makes it harder to misappropriate DNS lookups to help identify users (whether that be for advertising or user targeting, or on behalf of governments).
Most users would be surprised at how many different organisations can correlate an individual's DNS lookups with the individual.
“Because of the way the DNS is structured, just as many people off-path can see requests as on-path,” they said.
In other words, DNS is leaky, and that leakiness adds to the vast data-hoard of pervasive monitoring (which, you will recall, the Internet Architecture Board considers an attack).
“If you make a choice of resolver, you can limit that – you've disassociated the DNS from your network provider,” McManus said.
Because that's in HTTPS instead of a DNS client, the ISP can't influence the choice.
“You can choose your level of privacy guarantee,” they said, which creates “a marketplace” for privacy. ®
Bootnote
DOH isn't the only encrypted DNS effort: there's also DNS over TLS aka RFC 7858. There's a client called Stubby that implements it, and the 9.9.9.9 DNS provider apparently runs a compatible DNS-over-TLS service.
Biloxi's mayor, Andrew Gilich (above), tweeted on Friday that they consider Monday to be Martin Luther King Day even though their city passed an ordinance years ago renaming it 'Great Americans Day'
A city in Mississippi became the subject of widespread scorn on social media Friday after its municipality declared that Martin Luther King Day would be recognized there as 'Great Americans Day'.
Biloxi, a resort town that lies on the shore of the Gulf of Mexico, invited harsh criticism from Twitter users on Friday after it announced that its municipal offices would be closed this coming Monday in observance of 'Great Americans Day'.
The third Monday of January is a federal holiday established to honor the memory of King, the slain 1960s civil rights leader.
Biloxi's post ignited a fierce backlash from critics who accused the predominantly white town of denigrating King.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr waves to the crowd after giving their 'I have a dream' speech in Washington on August 28, 1963. The third Monday of January is a federal holiday honoring them
'Y'all spelled Martin Luther King wrong,' wrote one Twitter user.
'Delete your account,' another Twitter user wrote to the city of Biloxi.
One Twitter account posted a screenshot of the original tweet and drew a red mark over 'Great Americans Day,' replacing it with Martin Luther King Jr Day.
'Fixed it for you guys,' the Twitter user wrote.
Making matters worse, the city failed in its efforts to do damage control.
It deleted the original tweet and then responded to the criticism by claiming that 'Great Americans Day' was mandated by the state of Mississippi.
The 'holiday' however is not mentioned on the state's official website.
When the federal government signed MLK Day into law, a number of states resisted by either renaming the holiday or combining it with another remembrance. Mississippi will mark MLK Day on the same day that it remembers the birth of Civil War general Robert E. Lee (right)
The City of Biloxi's official Twitter feed posted a notice on Friday touting its observance of 'Great Americans Day' with no mention of MLK Day
Mississippi officially celebrates MLK Day concurrently with Robert E. Lee's birthday.
Lee was a famous Civil War general who commanded the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia over 150 years ago.
A member of the Biloxi city council told BuzzFeed that it was the state that came up with the name 'Great Americans Day.'
'That's the state, the state called it Great Americans Day,' said Councilman Felix Gines.
Initially, Biloxi claimed the name for the holiday was mandated by the state, even though it was passed as a city ordinance (above is a screenshot of the official city website listing the day)
'The city of Biloxi celebrates MLK Day.'
A municipal spokesperson said that Biloxi hosts a number of events celebrating MLK Day.
'Biloxi, a city that appreciates and embraces diversity, is a longtime supporter and sponsor of the city's hugely successful MLK celebration,' Creel said.
In 1983, President Ronald Reagan signed a bill into law which decreed the third Monday in January as MLK Day, a federal holiday.
'Y'all spelled Martin Luther King wrong,' wrote one Twitter user. 'Bless your hearts'
Erick Fernandez took a screengrab of the original tweet and 'fixed it' so that it reflects the federal holiday
'Really, I hope the children of Biloxi enjoy Great Americans Day off, it's the last school holiday until Confederate Memorial Day in April!'
Biloxi faced a torrent of criticism, including from this Twitter user who urged it to 'delete your account'
Biloxi is a resort town that relies on tourism as a key source of revenue for its economy. This Twitter user vows to boycott it
'Sure, Biloxi, let's celebrate MLK's birthday and Robert E. Lee's on the same day and also remember George III's coronation on the Fourth of July,' wrote this Twitter user
Television host John Fugelsang posted this sarcastic comment accusing Biloxi of racism
'Getting racially trolled by a place named Biloxi feels like a spell from Harry Potter,' quipped journalist Lauren Duca
After the criticism, Gilich was quoted in a clarifying tweet saying that they consider Monday to be 'Dr Martin Luther King Jr Day'
The day was first observed in 1986, though not without resistance from some conservative states in the South and West who either renamed it or combined the holiday with another so as to dilute its importance.
'For whatever reason, some couldn't bring themselves to do follow suit, and this notion of 'Great Americans Day,' honoring Robert E. Lee and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. came about,' Creel said.
Officials in the city were at a loss to explain why the name 'Great Americans Day' appears on the official Biloxi code of ordinances, yet is not even mentioned on the official state site.
'It filtered down to somehow be called Great Americans Day…in our city code of ordinances,' Creel said.
Another city councilman, Kenny Glavan, said they had never even heard of 'Great Americans Day' and no one could explain why Biloxi's official Twitter account failed to mention MLK Day.
'As far as I'm concerned, we're celebrating Martin Luther King Day,' they told BuzzFeed.
'I've never heard of the city calling it that.'
'My first reaction is it sounds like an error,' they said.
After doing some investigating work, Glavan found that the city did indeed officially pass an ordinance years ago designating the third Monday of January as 'Great Americans Day.'
Now the viral nature of news in the era of social media has generated unwanted negative publicity for a city that relies on tourism as a main source of revenue for its economy.
'The thing that I have found most disheartening is that the city's story on the community wide MLK Day celebration is lost in the brouhaha over Great Americans Day tweet,' Creel said.
Glavan said that the city council would consider amending the ordinance and restoring the holiday's name to its original title.
Biloxi's mayor, Andrew Gilich, agrees.
'As far as I'm concerned, it's called 'Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day',' they are quoted in a tweet posted by the city.
Are you using String.Length to compute the length of a string that might include emojis?
If you compute String.Length for such a string, you may not get back exactly what you expect:
This will write 12 to the screen. What were YOU expecting?
This happens because C# strings are UTF-16 by default and Unicode characters that fall outside of these 16-bit lengths are stored as surrogate pairs, or two chars that represent one 32-bit character.
However, you may be wanting the number of Unicode characters, not the actual length of the char array, in which case you should use System.Globalization.StringInfo to compute the length of your strings. Like so:
This will yield what you're looking for:
Want more reading? Check out Joel Spolsky's very excellent article on strings and encoding. Remember, there is NO such thing as plain text!
WARNING: This post deals with murder and includes graphic details.
As a child, Ian Brady often lost their temper. Living with adoptive parents, they would become uncontrollably angry, and bang their head, hard, against the kitchen floor.
At Camden Street Primary School in Glasgow, Scotland, they were lonely and socially awkward. Despite being exceptionally bright, Brady didn't perform well academically and on top of that, they aren't much good at sport. Before long, they began physically attacking their classmates in the playground.
At 10 years old, Brady killed their first cat, tossing it from the top of an apartment block. This became common practice for Brady, as they stoned dogs, decapitated rabbits, and burnt cats and dogs alive.
Simply, from infancy, Brady exhibited clear signs of psychopathy.
As Brady progressed through school, they became increasingly interested in World War II, and more specifically, Nazi Germany. It was the 1950s, and they yearned for the Third Reich that fell when they were six years old. Among their favourite books was Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf and they became obsessed with the writing of Marquis de Sade, adopting the belief that murder is "necessary, never criminal."
During adolescence, Brady was charged with housebreaking and burglary three times, and at 16 they moved in with their birth mother and stepfather in Manchester, England. Their behaviour, however, did not improve.
In 1957, at 19 years old, they got a job as a stock clerk at Millwards Merchandising. After a few years, they would meet a woman by the name of Myra Hindley - a figure who would come to be known as the most hated woman in Britain.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Jacksonville Jaguars general manager David Caldwell had no idea why defensive tackle Michael Bennett was still available when it was time for the Jaguars to make their sixth-round pick.
Not that it mattered. Caldwell was completely fine with taking a player that many draft analysts had pegged as high as a second-round talent.
"Every year in the draft [somebody falls]," Caldwell said. "The same reason why Allen Hurns was there after the draft last year: Guys slip through and sometimes teams draft for needs. I can't tell you what other teams are thinking or why it wasn't a great fit for some schemes.
"He is a scheme-fit type of player and fortunately for us they fit our scheme."
The 6-foot-2, 293-pound Bennett is a 3-technique defensive tackle, meaning they line up on the outside shoulder of the guard. Not many teams were looking for one in the draft, but the Jaguars were and ended up with what Pro Football Focus called one of the 10 biggest draft steals.
It was a scheme fit as well as a need. The Jaguars' top 3-technique tackle is Sen'Derrick Marks, who suffered a torn right ACL in the 2014 regular-season finale and may not be cleared in time for the 2015 season opener. Ziggy Hood is working with the first team at this point but the Jaguars need additional help at the spot and Bennett will get plenty of work throughout organized team activities (OTAs), minicamp and training camp.
"With every practice I feel it more and more," Bennett said after the Jaguars completed their fifth OTA. "I think I'm built to excel at 3-technique. I definitely think I can learn other positions and possibly do better but I haven't been given as many reps at those positions throughout college so I don't know how adept at them I am, but the 3-technique is what I love and that's what they want me to play.
"The more reps you get the more opportunity you have to get better and prove yourself. I'm thankful that I'm getting a good amount of reps and when the season starts I'm going to try to prove to them that I deserve to be on the field. Ziggy's going to need people to rotate in and out. This is the NFL. You don't play entire games by yourself. So I hope to be that guy."
Bennett excelled at the role at Ohio State, where they finished their four-year career with 18 sacks. That's a high number for a defensive tackle and more than A.J. Hawk, Andy Katzenmoyer and Cameron Heyward compiled in their collegiate careers.
They played the run well, too, ranking in the top 10 among interior defenders in Pro Football Focus' run defense and pass-rush metrics, but the Jaguars drafted them because of their effectiveness at rushing the passer from the interior.
The Jaguars can certainly use some pass-rush help, especially after first-round pick Dante Fowler Jr. was lost for the season with a torn left ACL less than an hour into their first rookie minicamp practice.
Marks was the team's best rusher in 2014 (team-high 8.5 sacks) but he's coming off the knee injury. Chris Clemons (8.0 sacks in 2014), the projected starter at the leo (pass-rushing defensive end) turns 34 this season. Andre Branch, Clemons' top backup, has just 10.0 sacks in 38 career games.
Ryan Davis had 6.5 sacks as a third-down interior rusher last season, but he's undersized (6-foot-2, 260) for a leo and the Jaguars don't want to play them much more than 18-20 snaps per game.
"You've got to find your niche and interior pass-rusher is my thing," Bennett said. "I can stop the run. I can be a three-down player, but I think I'm making my living at my ability to rush the passer so I take a lot of pride in it."
WICHITA, Kan. -- Former Dallas Cowboys running back Joseph Randle was jailed early Wednesday after an altercation at a Kansas casino.
Randle was asked to leave the Kansas Star Casino in Mulvane late Tuesday after causing some unspecified concerns on the casino floor, said Fred Waller, an enforcement agent with the Kansas Racing and Gaming Commission.
Randle left but then returned. Randle started arguing with security officers, and a scuffle ensued, Waller said. Several agents had to restrain him, and they were taken to the county jail.
"He was belligerent and causing some problems on the casino floor," Waller said, citing the incident report. "The whys, I don't know."
The Kansas Star Casino declined comment, saying it was a law enforcement matter.
No formal charges have been filed yet, said Stephanie McGinnis, legal secretary at the Sumner County attorney's office. Randle remained jailed Wednesday morning on a $25,000 bond.
They were booked on suspicion of criminal threat, assault of a law enforcement officer, battery, disorderly conduct, criminal trespass, disorderly conduct and interference with a law enforcement officer.
Randle was suspended four games by the NFL under the league's personal conduct policy earlier this month, one week after they were released by the Cowboys. They were already away from the team to deal with unspecified personal issues when they were released by the Cowboys. As a third-year player in Dallas, Randle started the first six games this season.
The NFL had investigated Randle's arrest in February in their hometown of Wichita, though police declined to pursue charges against the running back after a domestic disturbance complaint. Randle was also detained on a shoplifting charge at a Dallas-area mall when police said they tried to take a bottle of cologne and a pack of underwear from a department store. They got deferred adjudication in the case from October 2014.
Arizona State has plenty of playmakers, including running back Marion Grice. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images) Arizona State has plenty of playmakers, including running back Marion Grice. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
If the Pac-12 really is defined by its versatility, a notion Washington coach Steve Sarkisian suggested during this week's league-wide teleconference, Arizona State falls on the more volatile end of the spectrum.
“They really make it basketball on grass,” Stanford defensive coordinator Derek Mason said of the Sun Devils' attack.
Stopping an up-tempo grassketball barrage like Arizona State's is difficult enough with adequate time to prepare, but Stanford is fresh off having to deal with another scheme entirely. It just beat Army, which runs an option attack, and the Knights and Sun Devils' styles seem about as similar as a coffee mug and a tiger. The Cardinal will have to adjust quickly; Arizona State is averaging 495.5 yards through its first two games.
“I love the kids that we have because we can give them a lot of information,” Stanford coach David Shaw said during the Pac-12 teleconference, “and then I use the expression ‘flush it.' You have to flush last week's game plan. You have to completely throw it in the garbage, throw it in the toilet and flush it.”
According to Arizona State wide receiver Jaelen Strong, the Sun Devils try to run up to 100 plays a game. They work to shift players in and out while using their tempo to wear opposing defenses down. In many ways, they're playing for the second half. That's when defenders begin to tire out and miss tackles.
Arizona State has balance in all facets of its offense. Junior quarterback Taylor Kelly looks comfortable under the tutelage of coordinator Mike Norvell; Kelly has thrown for 652 yards and five touchdowns through Week 3. Running back Marion Grice found the end zone four times last week against Wisconsin, and Strong has made an immediate impact since transferring from Pierce College in Woodland Hills, Calif. Eight players have caught three or more passes in Arizona State's two wins, and recognizing which playmakers to stop will likely be key to Stanford's defensive success.
“We focus on a simple plan of what we need to do,” Mason said, “from signal-calling to play-calling to substitution pattern of what our menu's going to be. I try not to let a team's tempo dictate what our package is going to be. I found out a few years ago you have to have enough ammo to give your guys the opportunity to get lined up and play.”
Weird finishes, plenty of words
For those who still haven't seen the end of the Wisconsin-Arizona State game from last Saturday, take a look below:
http://youtu.be/D-ELRub8n7s
Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott said the officials “fell short" of handling the situation properly, while Wisconsin coach Gary Andersen fielded almost exclusively questions about the controversial ending in their portion of the Big Ten teleconference. While teams are supposed to focus on preparing for their upcoming opponent, the result of this game spilled well into the next week.
People are still trying to figure out what, exactly, happened.
“From what I saw the quarterback put the ball on the ground at the same time they took a knee,” Strong said. “I thought it was a fumble. Anybody who takes a knee, you hand the ball to the ref, you don't put it on the ground. Our coaches teach our defense to want takeaways, so when you see the ball on the ground like that, you jump on the ball. So that's what we did, and what happened after that was out of our control.”
ELLIS: Pac-12 reprimands officials over Wisconsin-Arizona State ending
Complicatedly simple
Both Arizona State and Stanford's offenses seem a lot more complex than they really are. By varying a number of looks, they can make smaller packages of plays seem increasingly extensive.
Shaw explained further in an interview with The MMQB's Peter King earlier this week.
“I'm going to quote my old boss, Jon Gruden,'' Shaw said, standing in a tunnel outside the Stanford locker room after the 34-20 win over Army. Shaw was a Raiders quality control coach under Gruden for three years and Rich Gannon's quarterback coach in their fourth year with Gruden in 2001. “He would say it every single day: ‘What you want to do on offense is present the illusion of sophistication but all in all remain very simple and basic.' So very often we'll throw a whole bunch of different stuff at them, but we're going to run a basic day-one installation play. Something we've run thousands of times. Something very, very simple. But for the defense, it looks very complicated. So we want to present these illusions, then run a regular play that we just want to execute right.''
It's fascinating stuff, but Shaw is a master of downplaying what they have. Keep in mind, this is Stanford. Nothing is ever that simple.
STAPLES: The state of Texas football under Mack Brown; Week 4 Walkthrough
Despite their quiet outing last week, Stanford is taking Despite their quiet outing last week, Stanford is taking Will Sutton very seriously. (Christian Petersen/Getty Images)
Don't mess with Will Sutton
Returning Pac-12 defensive player of the year and likely future first-round NFL draft pick Will Sutton put on more than 20 pounds during the offseason in an attempt to become even more challenging to block than before. Yet following a quiet game against Wisconsin, some are questioning whether the added bulk was worth it. Sutton, who racked up 13.5 sacks a year ago, is still getting a lot of attention from the Stanford coaching staff.
“For us, that's the game.” Shaw said. “The game is up front. The game is run blocking, the game is run defense, the game is pass blocking, the game is pass rushing. That's where the game is going to be decided. If we can pass block him, which is going to be tough because not many people have with any consistency, we'll have a chance to complete some passes. If we can't, he's going to have a great day.”
To find success, the Cardinal's line must keep Sutton in check. As fans have seen in the past, Sutton has the ability to disrupt offenses and pave the way for other Sun Devils' defenders to make plays.
Breakout performers
• Arizona State RB Marion Grice: The Sun Devils are going to score points, but it's amazing just how many of those come from a running back who isn't getting the national attention that many other Pac-12 runners are.
“He's the threat nobody really talks about,” Mason said. “He's a triple threat himself, and when you put the combination of them and the other tools they have, you have a really well-balanced offense that can make some noise.”
Arizona State coach Todd Graham called Grice a game-breaker, and the running back, on average, finds the end zone more than once every 10 times they touch the football. They have 25 touchdowns in 15 games. Stopping them will be a big factor in whether the Cardinal come away with a win.
• Stanford RB Barry Sanders: Sanders only has one carry so far this season, but the redshirt first-year student appears to have a lot of their legendary father's running ability in him.
“In the one public scrimmage of training camp they caught a few swing passes and looked remarkably like their Hall of Fame dad in making tacklers miss,” San Francisco Chronicle writer Ron Kroichick said. “He's not going to earn a starting job with Tyler Gaffney and Anthony Wilkerson around, but Sanders could become a great third-down weapon out of the backfield.”
Stanford's running back depth is a huge positive in 2013. Once the grind of the season sets in, having a fresh talent like Sanders could make a big difference for Shaw's squad.
Opposing viewpoints
• Brad Denny, KTVK 3TV Phoenix: “What was once an inmates-running-the-asylum situation, with ASU leading the nation in penalties in two of the prior three years, has become one of the country's most disciplined programs. [Graham] has vastly improved the recruiting, especially in-state, which has already paid major dividends. Graham has made major efforts in community and former player outreach, and helped bring back a sense of history to the program, most notably with the return to Camp Tontozona for fall camp and the emphasis on embracing the legacy of Pat Tillman. Plus, exceeding expectations and winning eight games and then topping Wisconsin has really helped make them a major fan favorite.”
• Ron Kroichick, San Francisco Chronicle: “I wouldn't be surprised if there are some new wrinkles in the offensive game plan versus ASU -- Stanford is deeper and has more speed at wide receiver this year, and Shaw seems eager to use that speed. Witness the big game for Devon Cajuste versus San Jose State and Michael Rector's first career catch, and touchdown, against Army.”
The extra point
While Arizona State can put up points on seemingly anyone, Stanford remains the more complete football team. The Cardinal have talent everywhere: in the secondary, on both lines, in the backfield and at quarterback. They've far from peaked only two games into the season.
While the Sun Devils should keep the score near the 7.5-point line, Stanford should be able to bring home the win behind a strong running game and disciplined defense.
[si_video id="video_2812E2AC-03E6-D8B7-6D19-31F20F9229D3"]
Torres is finally ready to release a followup to 2015's Sprinter (Partisan Records), and she's signed to 4AD for it. That makes them currently labelmates with The National, Future Islands, Deerhunter, and tons of other great artists. Congrats, Torres!
Them first single for 4AD is “Skim,” which is something different for Torres. It's a creepy, head-nodding slow-burner, with buzzing synths meeting their trademark grungy guitar. It's great stuff, and it's got a very vivid video (directed by Ashley Connor) which you can watch below.
Torres, who just wrapped up a tour with Frightened Rabbit, has also announced a headlining tour of their own for the fall. The tour includes a Brooklyn show on October 27 at Music Hall of Williamsburg. Tickets for that show go on sale Friday (6/9) at noon with an AmEx presale starting Wednesday (6/7) at noon. All dates are listed below.
—
Subscribe to Brooklyn Vegan on
Torres — 2017 Tour Dates
Sat. 6/24 – BIALYSTOK, PL @ Halfway Festival
Mon. 7/17 – LOS ANGELES, CA @ School Night @ Bardot
Fri. 7/21 – SAN FRANCISCO, CA @ Popscene @ Rickshaw
Sun. 7/23 – SEATTLE, WA @ Capitol Hill Block Party
Sat. 8/19 – OMAHA, NE @ Maha Festival
Thu. 9/28 – PHILADELPHIA, PA @ Boot & Saddle
Fri. 9/29 – WASHINGTON, DC @ Rock & Roll Hotel
Sat. 9/30 – BOSTON, MA @ Sinclair
Sun. 10/1 – MONTREAL, QC @ Petit Campus
Tue. 10/3 – TORONTO, ON @ Horseshoe Tavern
Thu. 10/5 – CHICAGO, IL @ Subterranean
Fri. 10/6 – MINNEAPOLIS, MN @ 7th Street Entry
Mon. 10/9 – VANCOUVER, BC @ Fox Cabaret
Wed. 10/11 – PORTLAND, OR @ Doug Fir
Tue. 10/17 – SAN DIEGO, CA @ The Casbah
Fri. 10/20 – SALT LAKE CITY, UT @ Kilby Court
Sat. 10/21 – DENVER, CO @ Larimer Lounge
Mon. 10/23 – ST. LOUIS, MO @ Off Broadway
Tue. 10/24 – NASHVILLE, TN @ High Watt
Wed. 10/25 – COLUMBUS, OH @ The Basement
Fri. 10/27 – BROOKLYN, NY @ Music Hall of Williamsburg
Sat. 11/4 – REYKJAVIK, IS @ @ Iceland Airwaves
Tue. 11/7 – MANCHESTER, UK @ Soup Kitchen
Wed. 11/8 – LONDON, UK @ Tufnell Park Dome
Thu. 11/9 – BRIGHTON, UK @ The Haunt
Fri. 11/10 – PARIS, FR @ Le Point Ephemere
Sat. 11/11 – AMSTERDAM, NL @ Bitterzoet
Tue. 11/13 – COLOGNE, DE @ Gebaude 9
Wed. 11/14 – HAMBURG, DE @ Waagenbau
Thu. 11/15 – BERLIN, DE @ Kantine am Berghain
Fri. 11/16 – MUNICH, DE @ Ampere
Sun. 11/18 – BRUSSELS, BE @ Botanique Rotonde
On Tuesday, November 18, the Japanese TV Channel Asahi TV broadcasted a new episode of the famous “Nakai Masahiro no Mi ni naru Toshokan” (中居正広のミになる図書館) aired. The theme for the episode in question was: Japanese Manga Artists and their Secrets.
The episode talked about manga artists and some of their secrets and were then rated by the guest celebrities as to how amazing they sounded. For example, “Terra Formars” Manga artist Yû Sasuga mentioned that a big reason their manga became popular might have to do with the fact that they polish their choice of words as much as possible to make them sound as cool as possible (by using latin-scientific words, etc.).
According to “Investor Z” manga artist Norifusa Mita, it is also possible to outsource one's drawing of manga. Norifusa Mita is currently writing two manga series at a time, and in order to be able to do that — and apparently also because they just didn't want to write two weekly series at a time — they use an outsourcing company to draw anything but the main characters and the backgrounds. Backgrounds are done by their assistants mostly. Via the Internet, they then passes on the manuscript to another company that adds certain final touches to the manga as well as drawing animals, or sometimes backgrounds their assistants haven't done. In comparison, Eiichirô Oda and Masashi Kishimoto are confirmed to draw every living thing in their own manga.
Lastly, the show guests mention an interesting anecdote surrounding the beginning of One Piece's serialization. According to the anecdote, before One Piece began, the “Golden Period (黄金期)” of Weekly Shônen Jump had just concluded. The so-called Golden Period featured series like Slam Dunk and Dragon Ball. After the end of the serialization of those series, Jump started to lose a lot in weekly sales, with a newspaper article even mentioning in the summer of 1997 that it had lost its first place status and was now on an equal level in sale to its rival magazine “Weekly Shônen Magazine”. Ironically, the article mentioning Jump's downfall featured the issue of Weekly Shônen Jump that contained One Piece's very first chapter. When editors were asked if Jump was going to be alright, they apparently mentioned that Jump was going to be just fine because, as they said:
“We found [someone with] amazing talent that only appears in one person in 100 — no 1,000 years, their name is Eiichirô Oda.” But Eiichirô Oda themselves also got offers from all the other manga magazines to “come write for us.” The reason why Oda chose Jump is because Jump's Logo is a pirate logo so “here's where I'm going to write [One Piece]”.
「１００年に１人、千年に１人の逸材をみつけています、名前は尾田栄一郎というんです。(…) 尾田栄一郎先生自体は(..)ほかの漫画雑誌からオッファー全部来たんですって、おうちに書いてくれんと。少年ジャンプに決めた理由も、ジャンプのシンボルマークが海賊のマークだったんで、でここで書きます」
Considering this is not a primary source of information — i.e. the person who told this isn't somebody working for Shûeisha who was there at the time — be sure not to take this quote too literally.
A man in Cape Coral, Florida on Wednesday was arrested for shooting and killing an unarmed door-to-door salesperson on their property.
Kenneth Bailey Roop, 52, has been charged with second-degree murder for killing 30-year-old Nicholas Rainey.
A co-worker who witnessed the shooting said Rainey had knocked on Roop's door, but received no answer. While Rainey was walking down the drive-way, Roop pulled up in their pickup truck and asked why Rainey was at their house. Rainey explained that they were selling steak and seafood. The witness said Roop then pulled out a black handgun and shot Rainey. As Rainey lay on the ground, Roop fired another bullet into the back of their head.
Roop later told police that they shot Rainey in the head “for effect” and that they had three no trespassing signs on their property. Roop said they feared for their life.
“I'm not going to give them the chance to do something to me,” they told police. “I was in fear.”
An off-duty Collier County sheriff's deputy was nearby and heard the gunshots. When they arrived at Roop's property, they found Rainey dying on the ground while Roop was in their garage reloading their handgun.
“He was telling the officer, ‘he stepped on my property, they trespassed, I'll kill anybody that steps on my property,' somewhere along them lines. It was just unbelievable,” one witness told the The News-Press. “She never flinched. They deserve a medal. I don't think they were done [shooting].”
The deputy ordered Roop to drop their weapon and held them at gunpoint until police officers arrived.
Roop's neighbors described them as “the neighborhood crazy.” Roop has a concealed weapons permit and approximately 14 firearms.
Watch video, courtesy of NBC 2 News, below:
NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral
From HotelNewsNow.com: STR: Upper-upscale tops weekly numbers
Overall the U.S. industry's occupancy increased 5.5 percent to 60.4 percent, ADR was up 1.4 percent to US$98.67, and RevPAR was up 7.0 percent to US$59.62.
Click on graph for larger image in new window.
the scale doesn't start at zero, and holidays don't always line up.
The following graph shows the occupancy rate for 2009 (the worst year since the Depression for hotel occupancy), 2010 and the median for 2000 through 2007.Notes:The graph shows the distinct seasonal pattern for the occupancy rate; higher in the summer because of leisure/vacation travel, and lower on certain holidays.The occupancy rate in 2010 has been ahead of 2009 for 8 of the last 9 weeks, and Average Daily Rate (ADR) is also up slightly. This is a little bit of good news for hotels, although the occupancy rate is still well below the normal level.Data Source: Smith Travel Research, Courtesy of HotelNewsNow.com
Scientific researchers (and hopefully not wannabe arms dealers) at the University of California have worked out how to use a pair of drones and Wi-Fi to create an instant 3-D map of a building, contents and all. This is good for emergency workers and architects, and probably terrible for humanity when the machines rise up to kill us all.
The test that the researchers conducted involved two drones, one with a Wi-Fi transmitter and one with a receiver. By sending out a known set of radio waves and then listening for what came through, the researchers were able to build a relatively accurate 3-D map of a building.
You can see the result in the video above, and while it's not a perfect map — it's lacking definition around the edges — it's better than nothing. The obvious application is for search-and-rescue in collapsed buildings or mines, where workers can use the drones to build up a picture of inside before sending any humans in.
Of course, the far more scary prospect is the drones gaining sentience and using the newfound ability to see through walls to hunt and kill their creators. The future is nothing if not impressive and slightly terrifying.
You can find the full research paper here, or watch the video above for a more brief understanding of the project.
You know how everyone seems to say either, “Marijuana is bad” or “Marijuana is good”?
You know how some people say, “People can get paranoid from smoking pot” or “Medical marijuana helps people with paranoia, anxiety, and depression”?
You know how one person can say, “I got really screwed up after smoking weed and passed out”, and someone else can say, “I've smoked weed every day for 12 years and nothing bad has ever happened to me”?
Well, they might all be right. Because there's no such thing as marijuana.
Wait a minute, Old Hippie! WTF are you talking about here?
Well, there are two aspects to this problem. The first one is — and thanks to the Ent ARMacre for bringing it to my attENTion in precisely the right terms — that the very word marijuana was publicized and virtually created specifically by the government agents whose agenda was to demonize and ban it. And now, thanks to a side effect of Google Books, we have “smoking gun” proof:
That is the result of searching all the 15 million books digitized by Google and written since 1750 for the word “marijuana”. It barely appears before the mid-1930s, and then suddenly it's being used quite a bit. Now compare that for the results of the same search for the term that was and is really used by most literate people, which is cannabis:
That's right folks. Just as we (pro-cannabis advocates) have been shouting from the rooftops, this amazing plant and its flowers, leaves, oil, and fibers have been used by humankind for thousands of years, so it's not surprising that people have been writing about it literally since it was first classified (the first spike on the chart is from Linnaeus' book).
People were using cannabis and writing about it — especially in the 19th century, when medicine and chemistry were coming together in a big way. And that's when even Queen Victoria used cannabis to help menstrual cramps. But at the very moment when the word “marijuana” was taking off due to the misguided Marihuana Tax Act of 1937, “cannabis” was suddenly very quiet…because they had made it illegal (along with hemp, but that's another story).
And then everything pretty much stayed status quo until the 1960s, when my generation discovered it again. But let's get to point #2.
It's The Same…But Different Somehow
There's no such “thing” as marijuana…because it's all physically different.
Let's take the plant itself. You can have two virtually identical plants, both of which are technically “marijuana” for legal purposes in the United States, and yet one of them could be completely legal in another country…even though marijuana is illegal there! How? Because the hemp plant has no THC to speak of (i.e. it is not considered psychoactive or in other words it can't get you high), so in many countries it is simply considered to be hemp, not marijuana, and it is grown for seeds (to crush for hemp oil, or as a food source themselves) or for its fiber. No high, no harm, no foul.
But wait, there's more.
Not only is the male totally different from the female, but there are also two major subspecies of Cannabis, called Sativa and Indica. Generally, sativa-based strains have a higher ratio of THC to CBD, and tend to have more of a cerebral effect (which includes everything from stimulating your thoughts and creativity to paranoia). Indica-based strains generally have more CBD and less THC, so their effects tend more towards a body effect (couch lock, pain relief, physical relaxation, and easier sleep).
Don't, Like, Strain Yourself, Man
Medical marijuana users have the advantage of accurate access to different hybrid strains of cannabis, which have been individually bred for specific characteristics and effects. This is often hard to understand for new MMJ users who have lifelong experience with alcohol: imagine if every brand of beer not only tasted differently, but worked differently!
And you can go into far more detail. Much more than even with fine wine grapes, the exact method and location that cannabis is grown will greatly affect the final product, especially when you take into account whether it was grown indoors or outside, in soil or hydroponically, using artificial or organic nutriENTs, filtered or city water, and using natural, CFL, HPS, MH, or LED light.
The grower can affect the final product yet again by simply choosing to harvest the plant at different times, and then even curing the buds in different ways. This last step alone totally changes the taste, the look, and (again) the effects of the buds.
Finally, you can consume cannabis in different ways — smoking, vaporizing, tincture, or edibles — each of which also has a different effect! In fact, with a digital vaporizer, you can literally control every aspect of your experience; whether you get high with THC, or physically mellowed with CBD, no matter which strain of cannabis you use.
So you can see how — as with the apocryphal story of the blind men trying to describe an elephant by what part they happened to be standing near — a number of people can describe “marijuana” in completely different ways, depending on their own different personal experiences, because the word “marijuana” covers all these different aspects. And they could all be right…or at least think they are.
For More Detailed Information:
Foreign visits by heads of state are important for their symbolism and the signals they send. Hence, speeches are carefully worded and the sites to visit are chosen tactically, keeping the PR value of such symbolism and signalling in mind.
India's prime minister kicked off their three-day US tour on Monday with a visit to the Arlington National Cemetery, a United States military cemetery in Arlington county, Virginia and laid a wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns. This was no ordinary decision.
The Tomb of the Unknowns is dedicated to, among other US military personnel, those part of the invasion of Vietnam whose remains are yet unidentified.
The government of India had staunchly opposed the US invasion of Vietnam, widely regarded as one of the most brutal and technologically superior imperialist campaigns against the Vietnamese forces of national liberation. The war (known in Vietnam as the Resistance War against America) saw the US being politically and morally isolated at home and abroad. By the end of the war, any reputation that the US might have had as a force of intervention on the side of good lay in tatters.
In fact, its later campaigns in Iraq were considered, within the US military-political establishment, as a sign of recovery from the Vietnam shock.
Former diplomat and astute external-affairs observer KC Singh pointed out the significance of Modi's wreath-laying in a series of tweets.
#Arlington Is Modi wreath-laying a strategic inflexion point in Ind-#US relations? Nehru did in 1949 but during Cold War Indian PMs didn't. — K. C. Singh (@ambkcsingh) June 7, 2016
#Arlington IndiraGandhi's JFK grave wreath laying/1966 was a political/emotional act. Modi's at tomb of unknown soldier is a strategic one. — K. C. Singh (@ambkcsingh) June 7, 2016
Though Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had also visited the Arlington cemetery during their 1966 US visit, when the US invasion of Vietnam was underway, they had laid a wreath at former US President John F Kennedy's memorial and crucially, not at the Tomb of the Unknowns.
In fact, prior to Modi, no prime minister of the Indian Union has ever acted publicly in a manner that pays respect – in any way, directly or indirectly – to US military personnel involved in the invasion of Vietnam.
A departure
This week in Virginia, Modi crossed a sacred line.
Among the other sharp criticisms it invited, the Vietnam War had also brought forth scores of charges of heinous war crimes against US military personnel.
Right from the My Lai massacre, the Vietnam War saw the US military and its allies allegedly carry out the mass murder of civilians, organised gang-rapes at a mass scale, aerial bombing of large, densely populated civilian population centres, burning and destruction of whole villages, mass torture, murder of prisoners of war, loot, forced labour and so on.
Thousands of US military combatants who allegedly perpetrated such crimes or were witness to it suffered post-traumatic stress disorder. Internal investigation by the Pentagon showed that there was a factual basis to at least 320 such “alleged” incidents of war crimes.
The war crimes perpetrated on non-white people typically becomes a statistic, but it is important to list the nature of some such events in which the US military was specifically involved. The present-day US Secretary of State, John Kerry, (akin to the Home Minister in sub-continental parlance) testified before the US senate in 1971 as follows:
The “country” in question was the US. Using its vastly superior aerial power, its military, during the multi-decade South-East Asian campaign, dropped more than three times the amount of explosives as during the Second World War. I mention the Second World War for a reason. Few foreign heads of state, if any, would publicly pay respect at any memorial that included the German war criminals of the Second World War. To this day, China protests every time Japan's Prime Minister pays homage to a shrine for fallen Japanese soldiers during that War, because Japan's military had committed a series of war crimes during its invasion of China.
Why it's a problem
Those engaging in war crimes are war criminals. Paying respects at a tomb that may potentially include many such individuals is an act that may be justified by the emergent US-India strategic alliance optics of the occasion, but not by any stretch of human ethics.
Later, in their address to a joint session of the US House of Representatives, Modi proudly declared: “Our relationship has overcome the hesitations of history.”
It is important to examine what those “hesitations” were about and what the stance of the Indian Union's citizens was towards them.
There was huge opposition to the Vietnam War among the citizens of the Indian Union. Robert McNamara, the US secretary of defence under whom America's invasion and involvement in Vietnam was deepened and escalated, wasn't allowed to enter the city of Kolkata on November 20, 1968. They were blocked by a huge crowd of protesters surrounding the DumDum airport when McNamara came visiting as the President of the World Bank.
Slogans rang aloud in Bengal's streets – tomar naam, amar naam, Vietnam, Vietnam (your name, my name, Vietnam, Vietnam). The anger went beyond Calcutta and its students and extended even to the fishermen of rural Murshidabad.
Elsewhere in the Indian Union too, there were many Vietnam-solidarity committees.
It is in the shadow of the Vietnam War and Cold War politics that the US strategy towards arming Pakistan was devised during the Bangladesh liberation struggle, resulting in another genocide. It is not accidental that no prime minister post the Vietnam War, including Atal Bihari Vajpayee, has what Modi done. There was a domestic constituency to think of.
A different optics mattered – not the optics of big-table camaraderie of realpolitik without morals but that of how a brown republic's prime minister would be perceived if seen showing respect to the perpetrators of war crimes on other coloured people resisting a largely white foreign invading army.
At some level, that this hesitation has been overcome is a sad commentary on the sacrifice of the moral compass at the altar of the hunger for global supremacy by a nation-state home to the largest number of hungry people in the world.
Poor reflection
Days before Modi's visit, Mohammad Ali died. At the peak of the Vietnam War, the boxing legend and activist showed the courage of refusing to be enlisted in the US Army, summarising the war as one in which “the white man sent the black man to kill the yellow man”.
While their stance has come to be adulated in the wake of their death, those in South Asia might do well to remember some facts.
Many of the regiments of the Indian Army, have historically done exactly this. Before Partition, brown men enlisted in the then British Indian Army gained valour and gallantry by suppressing rebellious anti-British brown people or assisting British imperial expeditions abroad – in other words, the white (British) man sent the brown (British Indian Army) man to kill brown (in the subcontinent and in West Asia), yellow (in China and elsewhere) and black (in Africa) men.
While the Pentagon at least engaged with the war crimes committed by its forces in Vietnam, the British Indian Army or its successor, the Indian Army, has not done so for its colonial-era crimes. One may argue that the present Indian Army was formed on August 15, 1947 (strangely, with all ranks being maintained and those swearing allegiance to British crown a day before suddenly becoming loyal to the government of India overnight) and is not accountable for actions done before that.
However, the fact that so many of its regiments and formations to this day proudly celebrate their pre-transfer-of-power Raising Day and boast of the number of Victoria Cross awardees and retain pre-1947 mottos and war cries underlines the structural continuity.
The lack of hesitation on the part of Modi while laying a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns is a sad commentary on the state of human values in the Indian Union.
USA needs nuclear explosion to turn the world into dictatorship
Is the United States going to put dictatorship into effect under the guise of the anti-terrorist struggle? What may trigger another major transformation in 2009? The answer is obvious: another 9/11 in the USA.
USA needs nuclear explosion to turn the world into dictatorship
Terrible and bloody events are in store for the world in the beginning of 2009. Most likely, the world will witness a reality show with a nuclear blast, which will be used as a reason for the US administration to change the world order again and leave the new Great Depression behind. There is every reason to believe that the Russian Federation may suffer as a result of this possible initiative too.
Joe Biden made a sensational statement on October 19, 2008. They said that Barack Obama would have to undergo an ordeal during the first six months of their stay in the White House. It will be the time of a very serious international crisis, when Obama would have to make tough and possibly unpopular decisions both in home and foreign politics.
Biden said that there were four or five scenarios for the development of the international crisis. Afghanistan, North Korea or the Russian Federation may become the source of one of them.
When Obama learned of Biden's speech, they tried to explain everything with rhetorical exaggerations. However, Biden's remarks gave food for thought, taking into consideration the fact that former secretary of state Madeleine Albright described their remarks as statement of fact.
Apparently, the political elite in the United States is certain that their nation would soon suffer another mammoth terrorist act. This assumption became the subject of Michel Chossudovsky's article “A Second 9/11„: An Integral Part of US Military Doctrine.”
The independent analysts presented a selection of statements, which US top officials released during the recent several years. For example, Michael Chertoff, the Homeland Security Secretary, said at Yale April 7, 2008 that modern technologies let even a small terrorist group kill hundreds of thousands of people. Dick Cheney stated May 26, 2008: “Nobody can guarantee that we won't be hit again.”
The general public has been prepared for a possible mega terrorist act with hundreds of thousands of victims. The expectation of another major terrorist attack, Chossudovsky wrote, became a part of the US military doctrine to justify possible preemptive strikes, i.e. aggression. The analyst also wrote that the US administration was aiming the efforts of the national security services at the liquidation of the consequences of the Massive Casualty Producing Event. Moreover, the US establishment believes that such an event may unite the Americans. Tommy Franks, the then CENTCOM commander voiced this idea in 2003. They particularly said that another event with many casualties in the USA would revive the support of wartime laws. Franks also said that such an event would mark the end of democracy in America. To put it in a nutshell, it would mark the beginning of the era of dictatorship.
The US administration planned Operation Northwoods in 1962, in which the US incursion into Cuba was supposed to be justified with a massive massacre of the Miami-based Cubans, as well as the explosion of a US warship in Guantanamo Bay. President Kennedy did not let the operation become a reality. The logic of Northwoods does not differ much from that of General Franks - a new mega terrorist act will justify the beginning of USA's new aggression in the Middle East.
The Pentagon started to develop the plan of the new war in April 2006 – the third war after the campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan. Stew Bykovsky, a well-known columnist, said in their interview in August 2007 that America needed another 9/11 because the country had forgotten who its enemy was.
Which weapon would make it possible to conduct a major terrorist attack with countless casualties and produce the effect of universal panic? A nuclear weapon would suit this goal best. It would not be a hardship to say that a nuclear explosion was conducted by Islamic terrorists who stole nukes from Russia in the beginning of the 1990s. A nuclear mushroom grows somewhere in the USA and the country launches another war and introduces dictatorship.
Image copyright PA
Subsidies for many new solar farms are to end under plans being published by the government.
The Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) is consulting on plans that would see subsidies for some new solar farms close by 2016.
The government says the move is necessary to protect consumers.
The solar industry said subsidies were one of the cheapest ways that the government could meet its climate change targets.
Under the government's plans, so-called "small scale" solar farms will no longer qualify for support under a key subsidy mechanism - the renewables obligation - from April next year.
New projects that receive the subsidy may also see the level cut.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Energy secretary Amber Rudd said renewable energy subsidies must be cut
'Blank cheque'
Energy Secretary Amber Rudd said: "Our support has driven down the cost of renewable energy significantly.
"As costs continue to fall it becomes easier for parts of the renewables industry to survive without subsidies."
They told the BBC's Today programme: "We can't have a situation where industry has a blank cheque, and that cheque is paid for by people's bills.
"We can't have a system, which we've had up to now, where there is basically unlimited [subsidy] headroom for new renewables, including solar."
They conceded that subsidies to the nuclear industry, such as those planned for Hinkley Point, would exceed those going to be solar, but they said that nuclear provided "a different type of electricity".
"In the winter, at the moment, solar doesn't really deliver much electricity," they said.
The government plans also include reducing subsidies for power stations which convert to biomass, and proposals to review feed-in-tariff schemes.
Image copyright PA Image caption The solar industry says its subsidies add £3 per year to people's bills
'Tiny' subsidy
Small scale solar farms, which are regarded as the cornerstone of the industry, can be up to 25 acres in size and typically power around 1,500 homes.
Supporters argue that the growth of these projects has helped to drive down the cost of solar in recent years.
But the government says the amount of support for renewable energy - which is paid by households through their energy bills - is set to rise in the coming years above agreed levels.
Subsidies for large scale solar farms were cut in January.
The Solar Trade Association (STA) says the industry accounts for just 6% of funds paid out under the renewables obligation.
It insists that support for solar is one of the cheapest ways that the government can meet its climate change targets.
Jonathan Selwyn, a board member of the STA, told the BBC that the subsidy cut would "have a very large impact" on the industry.
"Let's get this straight, in the RO [renewables obligation], which is the solar farm's main support subsidy, it's costing about three pounds per annum on people's energy bills - it's a tiny amount when you compare it with other types of energy, like nuclear for example."
They said government support had been "absolutely instrumental in the industry's success" over the past five years, and that the industry was "tantalisingly close" to being able to operate without any subsidy.
However, they said that investor confidence would inevitably suffer by the consultation.
Mr Selwyn called for "a level playing field" for solar in relation to nuclear energy and fracking, in terms of subsidies and planning regulations.
'Jobs under threat'
The Welsh government said it was concerned about uncertainty caused by the government's plans.
A spokesperson said the plans have the "potential to put jobs and investment under threat by reducing subsidies to projects already in the pipeline".
"Again, it reinforces our call to [the] UK government to devolve all energy powers to Wales to ensure that we maximise the economic potential of renewable energy power generation and benefit communities across Wales."
Solar farms saw "strong growth" in Wales between 2011 and 2015, according to Welsh government figures.
In that period, 23 farms were made operational, and planning permission was granted for 66.
Scotland's Energy Minister Fergus Ewing also highlighted the potential threat to jobs, and said the Scottish government had not been "properly consulted" about the plans.
They said: "There are over 3,000 jobs dependent on this form of renewable energy in Scotland.
"We are concerned because just at the time where the industry has said it's getting to the point where it's able to do without subsidy in the next few years, we're faced with another reduction in support coupled with a lack of clarity on exactly what will be done."
Niall Stuart, chief executive of industry body Scottish Renewables, said: "This change will just erode further investor confidence in the energy sector."
Friday's decision by Judge Collyer, in which they dismissed Bivens claims brought by the families of Anwar al-Aulaqi, their son Abdulrahman, and Samir Khan (arising out of their targeted killing by U.S. forces), has something for everyone. Thus, for example, Judge Collyer rejected the government's argument that the political question doctrine should apply, explaining (quite rightly, in my view) that the political question doctrine simply has no bearing when it comes to the deprivation of life and liberty by the U.S. government, especially in ex post suits seeking money damages.
Militating in the other direction, Judge Collyer refused to “extend” Bivens to encompass the plaintiffs' claims under the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment, noting the rather pervasive hostility to Bivens in recent years–especially in national security litigation, as typified in the D.C. Circuit's Doe v. Rumsfeld decision. I've written before at great length about why such hostility to Bivens gets the relevant considerations backwards in national security cases, and Carlos Vázquez and I published an article last year explaining on a more basic level how these cases represent the very judicial lawmaking that is supposedly behind the opposition to Bivens. But whether all of these circuit-level decisions are rightly decided or not, it's hard to blame Judge Collyer for simply following the trend, at least on the plaintiffs' due process claims.
At the same time, no “new” Bivens claim arguably needed to be inferred to cover the plaintiffs' Fourth Amendment claims–since Bivens itself was a Fourth Amendment case. But instead of distinguishing Bivens (however implausibly) and holding that no remedy exists in this context, Judge Collyer opted for a different tack–rejecting the plaintiffs' Fourth Amendment claim on the merits. As they wrote, “[u]nmanned drones are functionally incapable of ‘seizing' a person; they are designed to kill, not capture. As the decedents were not ‘seized,' Plaintiffs have not stated a Fourth Amendment claim.” In other words, because the use of lethal force is not a seizure for Fourth Amendment purposes, there was no need to even decide whether Bivens would support a damages remedy on that ground. The problem with this argument (for which Judge Collyer cites to exactly zero authority) is that it's squarely foreclosed by Supreme Court precedent–which perhaps explains why the government never even made it (see, e.g., page 23 of the DOJ reply brief).
Thus, in Tennessee v. Garner, the Supreme Court conceded that, although it is not always clear when a seizure begins, “there can be no question that apprehension by the use of deadly force is a seizure subject to the reasonableness requirement of the Fourth Amendment.” Indeed, the whole point of Garner is to articulate a line for Fourth Amendment purposes that, to be remotely effective, could only be enforced through after-the-fact damages suits.
To be sure, it may well be that a court would ultimately uphold the use of force in these cases as reasonable under the circumstances, thereby satisfying the Fourth Amendment (presumably, such a determination would require access to a whole lot of classified evidence). Or, in the alternative, a court might hold that there is no Bivens remedy for such Fourth Amendment claims notwithstanding Bivens itself, given the myriad differences between ordinary law enforcement activity and overseas uses of military force. (Such a holding would be controversial, in my view, but not unfathomable.) But the critical point for present purposes is that either of these approaches to the Fourth Amendment question would have been far more faithful to prior precedent than a categorical assertion that drone strikes against U.S. citizens don't implicate the Fourth Amendment at all. So long as Garner is on the books, they clearly do. Thus, even if the D.C. Circuit affirms the dismissal of this suit, here's hoping it doesn't affirm such a miserly–and aprecedential–reading of the Fourth Amendment.
This article is about the town in Ireland. For other uses, see Dingle (disambiguation)
Town in Munster, Ireland
Historical population Year Pop. ±% 1821 4,538 — 1831 4,327 −4.6% 1841 3,386 −21.7% 1851 3,273 −3.3% 1861 2,260 −31.0% 1871 2,117 −6.3% 1881 1,833 −13.4% 1891 1,764 −3.8% 1901 1,786 +1.2% 1911 1,884 +5.5% 1926 1,998 +6.1% 1936 1,800 −9.9% 1946 1,683 −6.5% 1951 1,545 −8.2% 1956 1,453 −6.0% 1961 1,460 +0.5% 1966 1,406 −3.7% 1971 1,401 −0.4% 1981 1,358 −3.1% 1986 1,253 −7.7% 1991 1,272 +1.5% 1996 1,536 +20.8% 2002 1,828 +19.0% 2006 1,920 +5.0% 2011 1,965 +2.3% 2016 2,050 +4.3% [2][3][4][5][6][7][8]
Dingle (Irish: An Daingean or Daingean Uí Chúis, meaning "fort of Ó Cúis")[9] is a town in County Kerry, Ireland. The only town on the Dingle Peninsula, it sits on the Atlantic coast, about 50 kilometres (30 mi) southwest of Tralee and 71 kilometres (40 mi) northwest of Killarney.[10]
Principal industries in the town are tourism, fishing and agriculture: Dingle Mart (livestock market) serves the surrounding countryside. In 2016 Dingle had a population of 2,050.[1] Dingle is situated in a Gaeltacht region. There used to be two secondary schools but they have now amalgamated to produce Pobalscoil Chorca Dhuibhne. An adult Bottlenose dolphin named Fungie has been courting human contact in Dingle Bay since 1983.
History [ edit ]
Early Christian period [ edit ]
A large number of Ogham stones were set up in an enclosure in the 4th and 5th centuries AD at Ballintaggart.
Development of the port [ edit ]
In Ireland the town was developed as a port following the Norman invasion of Ireland. By the thirteenth century, more goods were being exported through Dingle than Limerick, and in 1257 an ordinance of King Henry III imposed customs on the port's exports.[11] By the fourteenth century, importing wine was a major business. The 1st Earl of Desmond, who held palatine powers in the area, imposed a tax on this activity around 1329.[12] By the sixteenth century, Dingle was one of Ireland's main trading ports, exporting fish and hides and importing wines from the continent of Europe. French and Spanish fishing fleets used the town as a base.[12]
Connections with Spain were particularly strong, and in 1529 The 11th Earl of Desmond and the ambassador of Emperor Charles V signed the Treaty of Dingle.[13] Dingle was also a major embarkation port for pilgrims to travel to the shrine of Saint James at Santiago de Compostela. The parish church was rebuilt in the sixteenth century under "Spanish patronage" and dedicated to the saint.[14][15]
In 1569 the commerce of the town was increased when it was listed as one of fifteen towns or cities which were to have a monopoly on the import of wine.[12]
The Second Desmond Rebellion [ edit ]
The Dingle Peninsula was the scene of much of the military activity of 1579–80. On 17 July 1579 James FitzMaurice FitzGerald brought a small fleet of ships to Dingle. They made landfall, launching the Second Desmond Rebellion, but was to die soon after in a minor skirmish with the forces of a cousin.[16] The fleet left the town after three days, anchoring at Dún an Óir at the western end of the peninsula, leading eventually to the Siege of Smerwick of 1580.
Walled town and chartered borough [ edit ]
The residents of Dingle applied in 1569 for a "murage grant" to construct walls around the town. The grant was not forthcoming on that occasion. Following the defeat of the Desmond Rebellion, Queen Elizabeth directed that a royal charter be granted to incorporate the town as a borough, and to allow for the construction of walls. Traces of these town walls can still be seen, while the street layout preserves the pattern of burgage plots.[15]
Although Elizabeth intended to grant a charter, the document was only obtained in 1607. On 2 March of that year their successor, James I, sealed the charter, although the borough and its corporation had already been in existence for twenty-two years.[17] The head of the corporation was the sovereign, fulfilling the role of a mayor. In addition to the sovereign, who was elected annually on the Feast of St Michael, the corporation consisted of twelve burgesses. The area of jurisdiction of the corporation was all land and sea within two Irish miles of the parish church. The borough also had an admiralty jurisdiction over Dingle, Ventry, Smerwick and Ferriter's Creek "as far as an arrow would fly".[17]
The charter also created Dingle a parliamentary borough, or constituency, electing two members to the House of Commons of the Irish Parliament.[17]
Linen [ edit ]
Commemorative plaque to the parish priest to ministered to cholera victims and also succumbed to the plague
Dingle suffered greatly in the Nine Years' War and the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, being burnt or sacked on a number of occasions. The town started to recover in the eighteenth century, due to the efforts of the Fitzgerald family, Knights of Kerry, who established themselves at "The Grove" at this time. Robert Fitzgerald imported flax seed and by 1755 a flourishing linen industry had been established, with cloth worth £60,000 produced annually. The trade collapsed following the industrial production of cotton in Great Britain, and was virtually extinct by 1837.[18] The town fell victim to a cholera plague in 1849.
Fishing [ edit ]
Dingle is a major fishing port, and the industry dates back to about 1830. The 1870s saw major development, when "nobby" fleets from the Isle of Man came in search of mackerel. Lowestoft herring trawlers subsequently joined the fleet, allowing for a longer fishing season. The pier and maritime facilities were developed by the Congested Districts Board, and the arrival of rail transport in 1891 allowed for the transport of fish throughout the country, and a canning and curing industry developed.[19]
Education [ edit ]
There are three primary schools in Dingle: Scoil An Ghleanna, Scoil Iognáid Rís and Bunscoil an Clochair. There are also two secondary schools - Pobalscoil Chorca Dhuibhne and Coláiste Íde Boarding School. Dingle as part of the Corca Dhuibhne gaeltacht also hosts Irish School for students during the Summer. The Sacred Heart University, Connecticut, USA, has an Irish studies centre, in Dingle.
Places of interest [ edit ]
Sráid na Trá / Strand Street, Dingle / Strand Street, Dingle
The Oceanworld Aquarium in Dingle
Main Street in central Dingle
Dingle's St. Mary's was a neo-Gothic church built to designs by J. J. McCarthy and O'Connell. The foundation stone was laid in 1862. It originally had a nave and aisles separated by arcades, supported on columns capped by octagonal tops. The arcades were demolished in one of the most radical reordering schemes to have been executed in Ireland. The project also saw the demolition of the exterior walls to below the original clerestory level, and, most notably, of the attic and upper ranges of the west elevation.
There are many opportunities to hear traditional Irish music in the town, particularly during the summer tourist season. Dingle has a number of pubs as well as restaurants and cafes. There is also an aquarium, "Oceanworld Aquarium", in the town, which is home to a number of tropical, foreign and native animals, and a number of art and craft shops.
Dingle is home to Murphy's Ice Cream, a cafe that serves ice cream and coffee. Murphy's has homemade ice cream made from Kerry cattle.
Dingle Distillery was launched in Dingle in 2012.
Gallaunmore, a standing stone and National Monument, lies 3 km (2 miles) to the east.
St. Manchan's Oratory (An Teampall Geal), a medieval oratory with ogham stone and souterrain, lies on nearby Lateeve Hill.
Sport [ edit ]
Dingle is home to the Dingle GAA club, which plays the popular[20] traditional Irish game of Gaelic football. The most noted tournament in which Dingle competes is the Kerry Senior Football Championship.[21][22] Rugbaí Chorca Dhuibhne, the local rugby team, and Dingle Bay Rovers F.C. are based in the area.
People [ edit ]
Twin towns [ edit ]
Country Place County / District / Region / State Originally twinned with Date USA Santa Barbara California Dingle 2003 Italy Tolfa Lazio Dingle 1974
Transport [ edit ]
Bus routes serving Dingle include routes to Killarney, to Tralee, to Kerry Airport, to Cloghane (via Castlegregory), and to Ballydavid (via Ballyferriter and Dunquin).[citation needed]
Car rental services are available primarily from Kerry Airport,[23] with international and local businesses operating services.
Dingle was formerly the western terminus of the narrow gauge Tralee and Dingle Light Railway, which closed in 1953. The station was sited opposite the hospital, on the N86 road into the town from Lispole, where an undertakers premise and disused petrol station now stand. The railway station opened on 1 April 1891, closed for passenger traffic on 17 April 1939 and for regular goods traffic on 10 March 1947, finally closing altogether on 1 July 1953, by which time a cattle train once per month was the sole operation.[24]
Today, the closest train terminal in Tralee, with bus services operating from Tralee Bus and Rail Stations. In addition, bus services operate from Killarney Bus and Rail Stations to Dingle.[25]
Name [ edit ]
Spray-painted road sign
In 2005, Minister for Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs Éamon Ó Cuív announced that anglicised place names (such as 'Dingle') of Gaeltacht towns and villages would no longer feature on official signposts, and only the Irish language names would appear. The English-language version of the town's name was thus officially dropped in early 2005, with the largely colloquial Irish name An Daingean being advanced.
In the case of Dingle, the move was particularly controversial, as the town relies heavily on the tourist industry, and there was fear that the change could prevent visitors finding the town. Detractors noted that tourists might not recognise the Irish name on sign-posts, and that there could also be confusion with a similarly named town (Daingean) in County Offaly. Supporters rejected this argument, pointing out that there are numerous towns in Ireland with similar names. The minister added to the controversy by suggesting that a name change to English could be brought about by removing the town's Gaeltacht status, thereby losing its entitlement to government grants for Irish-speaking areas.
In late 2005, Kerry County council approved the holding of a plebiscite for the change of name to the bilingual "Dingle/Daingean Uí Chúis"[26] which took place in October 2006.[27] The result was announced on 20 October, and 1,005 of the 1,086 returned ballots (electorate: 1,222) favoured the change to the bilingual version.[28][29] Éamon Ó Cuív stated, however, that there was no remit to act on the results of the plebiscite. Nevertheless, in 2008, Minister for the Environment, Heritage and Local Government John Gormley announced their intention to amend the local government laws to allow names chosen by plebiscite to supersede any Placenames Order under the Official Languages Act 2003.[30] This would mean that Daingean Uí Chúis would be the official name of the town in Irish, with "Dingle" the official name in English. However, the name of the town on road signs within the Gaeltacht will continue to display the name of the town in Irish only. In the meantime, some locals took matters into their own hands by spray painting "Dingle" on road signs that bore only the Irish version of the name. Section 48 of the Environment (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 2011 specifically made "Dingle" the English name and "Daingean Uí Chúis" the Irish name.[31]
See also [ edit ]
Dolphin Fungie memorial
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
This is a little early, but please don't scream and stay seated. This is our Christmas present for everyone who's been supporting us these past six months! It's been an incredible journey so far and I can personally say I enjoyed every moment of it. I'm also very thankful that Onee-sama coerced me into making this group with her! This release is also dedicated to all the people that have been helping us, like GiB and Rexbandit as well as all you anons who have been kind enough to keep us updated with raws and pointing us to great things on Pixiv. Merry Christmas everyone!
P.S. Please go to the source page because it will help financially compensate Takashima sensei! It's just one click, please do it and support this amazing series!
Study: Most key fishing spots in state polluted ENVIRONMENT
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Study: Most key fishing spots in state polluted 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The most comprehensive survey ever of pollutants in California's lakes and reservoirs has found that only a few of the most popular fishing spots are free of mercury, PCBs and other contaminants.
Of 152 lakes tested statewide, 21 were clean while 131 showed one or more pollutants at levels above state health guidelines, according to the study released Monday by the State Water Resources Control Board.
In Northern California, some of the cleanest were the high-elevation lakes of the Sierra Nevada and the Trinity Alps. The only Bay Area body of water free of contaminants found was Lago Los Osos in Quarry Lakes Regional Recreation Area in Fremont, where fishing isn't allowed.
"This study is helping to define the scope of the statewide problem of contaminants accumulating in sport fish," said Jay Davis, lead author and toxicologist at the nonprofit San Francisco Estuary Institute in Oakland.
Results of the two-year study of California lakes, rivers, reservoirs and coastal waters will be used to develop cleanup plans in watersheds that feed the lakes and to establish guidelines for consuming fish to protect anglers and their families from health risks, Davis said.
In addition to the 100 popular lakes tested in 2007, the survey included 50 other lakes picked at random. Next year, 2008 sampling results from 100 additional lakes will be released, bringing the total to 250 lakes out of 9,000 in California. Some 12,000 fish are being collected and tested, including bass, trout, catfish and carp.
Popular lakes were those that appeared in fishing guides and were known to state fish and water officials. The lakes were considered clean if all concentrations of pollutants in all the tested species were below thresholds set by the state.
Toxic chemicals under scrutiny were mercury, most of which comes from past mining activities; PCBs, chemicals once used in electrical equipment; and the banned pesticides DDT, dieldrin and chlordane. Fish were also tested for selenium, which is discharged as waste from oil refineries and seeps from irrigated land in the Central Valley.
Methylmercury, the potent form of mercury that taints fish, is the most widespread potential health risk, the study said.
Inorganic mercury, used as an ingredient in gold mining or washing out of crushed rock and natural rock formations, transforms to methylmercury in rivers and lakes, where it accumulates in ever-higher concentrations as it moves up the food chain to larger fish-eating species, such as large-mouth bass.
About one-fourth of the lakes surveyed had at least one fish species with a mercury level high enough that state health officials would consider prohibiting it for the most sensitive humans - pregnant and nursing women, women between 18 and 45 years old who might conceive and children.
PCBs, or polychlorinated biphenyls, are the chemicals that caused the second-most concern among health officials. In Northern California, more than one-third of the lakes had a fish species with a concentration about the state's threshold.
Concentrations of banned pesticides and selenium were generally low, and they infrequently exceeded the state's thresholds, the study said.
The study will be used to identify the lakes where state health officials should return to gather and test more fish and establish safe-eating guidelines, officials said.
The strictest limits will be set for pregnant and nursing women because they can pass pollutants onto fetuses and infants, who are most vulnerable to poisons. Mercury and PCBs can impair mental and motor development, while PCBs and the pesticides are believed to increase cancer risks.
Curtis Knight, Mount Shasta manager for California Trout, a 7,500-member conservation organization, said the new information is important for knowing which fish are safe to eat.
"A big part of fishing in a lake is fishing with your kids. That's how they learn to fish. You certainly want to know what you're feeding your kids, and you want that to be safe," Knight said.
Knight said the lakes and the fish in them are indicators of watershed health. "Lakes are collecting bodies for what's coming out of the streams, and that gives a sense of the watershed's history," they said.
Online resources
Read the report at links.sfgate.com/ZGZG.
Read the state's guidelines at links.sfgate.com/ZGZH.
After 15 Years, The State Of The War In Afghanistan
U.S. forces continue to help Afghan troops battle back the Taliban, but the security situation remains uncertain at best. Our team has just returned from a fateful reporting trip to Afghanistan.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
The war in Afghanistan is not getting the kind of attention that it used to. But 15 years on, the conflict there is still going. Over the next few days, we're going to hear about the state of the war from NPR Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman.
They recently spent a month in the country on a reporting trip that claimed the lives of two of our colleagues, photographer David Gilkey and interpreter Zabihullah Tamanna, an Afghan journalist. Tom is with me in the studio. Hey, Tom.
TOM BOWMAN, BYLINE: Hey, David.
GREENE: I guess the first question I have for you is - how hard was it to turn to the journalism after what happened there?
BOWMAN: You know, frankly, it wasn't all that hard, I mean, once we got David and Zabi home, once we knew we were safe. You wanted to focus on the journalism. That's why you went there in the first place. There's almost this fierce desire to finish these stories.
GREENE: David always talked about wanting to get back to that country. And he, like you, I mean, seemed even more determined recently because there was a feeling of a lot of Western journalists sort of pulling out and not telling the story of this war.
BOWMAN: That hit David especially hard - that everyone was leaving, that the networks wouldn't go anymore. You have some of the larger newspapers here. But people largely had forgotten about the story. Journalism had pretty much forgotten about it and then focused on ISIS now or something else.
But the story's still out there. There are 10,000 American troops there. And this year, they're actually leaning forward more, helping the Afghans. They're going to be closer to the front lines. There are going to be more American airstrikes to try to push back the Taliban.
So if anything, the story's more important because the Americans are getting more involved than they were last year.
GREENE: So you were in the south of the country and targeted by the Taliban, which is where David and Zabi were killed. What does that tell us about the state of the country right now. I mean, what's it like there?
BOWMAN: Well, it's still very dangerous in this area, Helmand Province, where the Marines lost a lot of their comrades over the years. Last year, the Afghans were in complete control of their own security. And consequently, the Taliban pushed in, grabbed a lot of the areas where a lot of Marines died - where the Marines had fought for.
So this year, the Americans sent trainers out there to Helmand Province. They're going to do more airstrikes. And they're completely rebuilding the Afghan 215th Corps, who we spent a lot of time with out there. And that's one of the stories we worked on. So it's more dangerous, really, than it was when we were there three, four, five years ago.
GREENE: More dangerous - I mean, what does that tell us about the future? I mean, what is the best hope for this country I mean, now that it's in a place where, you know, we've had this withdraw of U.S. forces? I mean, there's still a presence there. The country is supposed to be sort of taking on the role of security on its own. I mean, what's the best hope?
BOWMAN: You know, I talk to a lot of people about Afghanistan, people who have spent years there - civilians and military. And the consensus seems to be that the cities will be able to push back the Taliban - that the cities will be safe - relatively safe. They'll - and the highways will be able to be maintained.
But in the countryside, it will largely be a pretty strong insurgency. The Taliban will still hold sway outside the major cities. That's the best case scenario. And that's a long way from what American officials had told the American people they expected and hoped for back in 2002.
GREENE: Tom, I know we'll be hearing your stories on this show and also on All Things Considered. And I am looking forward to them because, I mean, this is what David would have wanted - to get this journalism on the air. And, you know, this has been a tough period for all of us here. And it's - I really feel for what you've been through.
BOWMAN: Thanks, David.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Under arm odour [axillary odour AO, bromidrosis] is a deeply unpleasant problem that can affect a person's self confidence and esteem and reduce social interaction. It is generally managed by good hygiene along with antiperspirants and deodorants, but the axillary apocrine glands may need surgical removal in severe cases of odour. The odour comes from microbial conversion of the apocrine secretions into short chain fatty acids like isovaleric acid and volatile sulphur compounds like 3-sulphanylhexan-1-ol. These can be detected at a few parts per billion to parts per trillion by the human nose so an unhygienic state is soon apparent. Recently genetics have been found to play an important role too as people with the AA variant of the ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter gene, ABCC11, do not secrete preodour substrates for bacterial conversion, while those with GA or GG variants do. Hygiene and genetics, are an incomplete explanation though, because the longitudinal ALSPAC study found that there is a mismatch between patients' secretory status, as determined by genetics, and their use of deodorants. This suggests that other metabolic pathways or compounds contribute to the odour. In this paper I propose that under arm odour is commonly caused by terpenes excreted via the axillary apocrine glands. I also show that these come from terpene and carotenoid-rich dietary sources including lycopene, tomatoes, orange peel and the glandular trichomes of tomato plants. These observations suggest that the axillary apocrine glands are a prominent excretory route for terpenes. Considering the quantities eaten, tomatoes are likely to be the main source of dietary terpenes, and under arm odour in turn. This study also shows that lycopene is probably metabolised by β-carotene 9 10 monooxygenase which cleaves β-carotene eccentrically at the 9 10 or 9'10' position of the chain. Direct evidence of lycopene metabolism by β-carotene 9 10 monooxygenase has hitherto been lacking. The study of terpene and carotenoid metabolism can be greatly advanced by analysing the content of axillary gland excretions.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
By AFP
Nepal's ex-goddesses to receive monthly allowance afp Nepal's former Kumaris, girls worshiped as living goddesses in a centuries-old tradition, are to be awarded a pension to help them re-adjust to normal life, an official said Tuesday.
Ten former Kumaris will receive the monthly allowance of 10,000 Nepalese rupees ($101) from July for the next 10 years, Kathmandu Metropolitan City chief executive officer Laxman Aryal said.
"Although most of the Kumaris come from well-to-do families, they miss a vital period of their lives and often lag behind in our increasingly competitive society," Aryal told AFP.
The council made the decision this week as part of efforts to help the girls who are worshipped as goddesses, but lose their special status once they reach puberty.
The tradition has continued despite the end of the Shah monarchy in 2008.
The living goddess lives in a palace-temple in ancient Kathmandu's Durbar Square and is a major attraction for foreign tourists.
In 2008, Nepal's Supreme Court ruled the living goddess should be educated and they are now taught inside the palace where they live and are allowed to sit their exams there.
Google believes the key to growing its cloud computing business is artificial intelligence.
The search giant said Tuesday that it had hired two high-profile AI researchers to lead a new machine learning unit that's part of its Google Cloud business. Machine learning is a subset of artificial intelligence that generally refers to training computers to recognize patterns amid tons of data. The two new hires are Fei-Fei Li, the director of Stanford University's Artificial Intelligence Lab; and Jia Li, the head of research for Snap, the parent company of popular social messaging app Snapchat.
The two women are considered by analysts to be experts in the field of computer vision, a subset of artificial intelligence that involves teaching computers to recognize objects in images.
Speaking at a press event Tuesday in San Francisco, Google's (goog) head of cloud Diane Greene explained that the new hires are part of Google's effort to formalize an artificial intelligence group into its business. Instead of focusing on only AI research, the team would work on incorporating cutting-edge data crunching into various Google Cloud products like its software that businesses can use to predict sales.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Greene said the new hires represent the “world's leading research scientists, practitioners, and leaders” in the hot field of artificial intelligence. Companies like Google, Facebook (fb), and IBM (ibm) are investing millions of dollars in AI-related technologies like deep learning that have made it possible for computers to more quickly perform data-heavy tasks like translating text into multiple languages.
Greene said that “one of the most thrilling things” about the new hires is that both of them are women. The field of AI has been criticized for its lack of women in prominent research roles at universities as well as at major technology companies.
In a Bloomberg News article earlier this summer, Li commented on the dearth of women in AI, saying, “If you were a computer and read all the AI articles and extracted out the names that are quoted, I guarantee you that women rarely show up.”
For more about Google, watch:
Li helped create the popular ImageNet computer-vision contest, which helped spur AI researchers to use cutting-edge data crunching techniques like deep learning to identify objects in photographs.
Jia Li will start work at Google after the Thanksgiving holiday and Fei-Fei Li will start at the beginning of 2017, according to a Google spokesperson.
Rob Craft, the group product manager at Google cloud and its machine learning unit, said that the two new hires will help Google “bring machine learning to the rest of the product categories.” They explained that the new hires are part of Google's efforts to more effectively bridge together its research unit and its core business.
But hiring the appropriate talent with expertise in machine learning and related tasks does not come cheap.
Craft said the competition for hiring A.I. experts is fierce and in many cases ends up resulting in companies like Google paying “NFL signing bonuses” for the talent. Google did not say how much it is paying the two new hires.
Part of the reason for the competition is that there are only so many A.I. workers available and that “the universities aren't graduating from PhD level” candidates as fast as Google would like, Craft said.
In Orthodox Judaism there is a saying: “The previous generation is to the next one as angels are to men; the next generation is to the previous one as donkeys are to men.” This follows from the Orthodox Jewish belief that all Judaic law was given to Moses by God at Mount Sinai. After all, it's not as if you could do an experiment to gain new halachic knowledge; the only way you can know is if someone tells you (who heard it from someone else, who heard it from God). Since there is no new source of information; it can only be degraded in transmission from generation to generation.
Thus, modern rabbis are not allowed to overrule ancient rabbis. Crawly things are ordinarily unkosher, but it is permissible to eat a worm found in an apple—the ancient rabbis believed the worm was spontaneously generated inside the apple, and therefore was part of the apple. A modern rabbi cannot say, “Yeah, well, the ancient rabbis knew diddly-squat about biology. Overruled!” A modern rabbi cannot possibly know a halachic principle the ancient rabbis did not, because how could the ancient rabbis have passed down the answer from Mount Sinai to him? Knowledge derives from authority, and therefore is only ever lost, not gained, as time passes.
When I was first exposed to the angels-and-donkeys proverb in (religious) elementary school, I was not old enough to be a full-blown atheist, but I still thought to myself: “Torah loses knowledge in every generation. Science gains knowledge with every generation. No matter where they started out, sooner or later science must surpass Torah.”
The most important thing is that there should be progress. So long as you keep moving forward you will reach your destination; but if you stop moving you will never reach it.
Tsuyoku naritai is Japanese. Tsuyoku is “strong”; naru is “becoming,” and the form naritai is “want to become.” Together it means, “I want to become stronger,” and it expresses a sentiment embodied more intensely in Japanese works than in any Western literature I've read. You might say it when expressing your determination to become a professional Go player—or after you lose an important match, but you haven't given up—or after you win an important match, but you're not a ninth-dan player yet—or after you've become the greatest Go player of all time, but you still think you can do better. That is tsuyoku naritai, the will to transcendence.
Each year on Yom Kippur, an Orthodox Jew recites a litany which begins Ashamnu, bagadnu, gazalnu, dibarnu dofi, and goes on through the entire Hebrew alphabet: We have acted shamefully, we have betrayed, we have stolen, we have slandered . . .
As you pronounce each word, you strike yourself over the heart in penitence. There's no exemption whereby, if you manage to go without stealing all year long, you can skip the word gazalnu and strike yourself one less time. That would violate the community spirit of Yom Kippur, which is about confessing sins—not avoiding sins so that you have less to confess.
By the same token, the Ashamnu does not end, “But that was this year, and next year I will do better.”
The Ashamnu bears a remarkable resemblance to the notion that the way of rationality is to beat your fist against your heart and say, “We are all biased, we are all irrational, we are not fully informed, we are overconfident, we are poorly calibrated . . .”
Fine. Now tell me how you plan to become less biased, less irrational, more informed, less overconfident, better calibrated.
There is an old Jewish joke: During Yom Kippur, the rabbi is seized by a sudden wave of guilt, and prostrates themselves and cries, “God, I am nothing before you!” The cantor is likewise seized by guilt, and cries, “God, I am nothing before you!” Seeing this, the janitor at the back of the synagogue prostrates themselves and cries, “God, I am nothing before you!” And the rabbi nudges the cantor and whispers, “Look who thinks he's nothing.”
Take no pride in your confession that you too are biased; do not glory in your self-awareness of your flaws. This is akin to the principle of not taking pride in confessing your ignorance; for if your ignorance is a source of pride to you, you may become loath to relinquish your ignorance when evidence comes knocking. Likewise with our flaws—we should not gloat over how self-aware we are for confessing them; the occasion for rejoicing is when we have a little less to confess.
Otherwise, when the one comes to us with a plan for correcting the bias, we will snarl, “Do you think to set yourself above us?” We will shake our heads sadly and say, “You must not be very self-aware.”
Never confess to me that you are just as flawed as I am unless you can tell me what you plan to do about it. Afterward you will still have plenty of flaws left, but that's not the point; the important thing is to do better, to keep moving ahead, to take one more step forward. Tsuyoku naritai!
Cracking Last Night's Episode Of 'Community' Wide Open
By Joanna Robinson | TV | January 10, 2014 |
Picking up all the momentum from last week's excellent double header, last night's episode of Community was maybe the best parody the show has done yet. Sure they've done bottle episodes and horror spoofs before but the way in which last night's “Basic Intergluteal Numismatics” ended showed how Dan Harmon and the rest of the Community crew are at the every top of their game. The unexpected reversal at the end and the emotional gut punch of Pierce's death elevated the episode above mere spoof to accomplish something the material being spoofed is often void of. We watch these procedurals and grim blood-soaked David Fincher films and in all that intrigue and atmospheric ennui, often times we miss the actual loss. Death is just a staring point, an excuse for an exquisitely designed, Fuller-esque crime scene. So to put such a silly crime as ass crack assaults at the center of the plot is both fitting for the light tone of Community and a condemnation of the way in which the horrific crimes in our favorite crime stories often lack the ringing pain of real loss.
Harmon and company went after a lot of our favorites last night including very specifically The Bridge, Hannibal, The Killing, Zodiac and Se7en. Knowing that Dan Harmon often refers to themselves as having “Asperger-ish tendencies” (his phrase), Abed's incisive criticism of social disorder as investigative superpower was particularly apt and (despite my love for The Bridge and Hannibal) justified.
The constant rainfall and the will they/won't they nonsense with Annie and Jeff (handled so much better than it was during The Gas Leak Year) was, of course, a nod to The Killing's Holder and Linden. The McHale/Brie height difference and Annie's uncharacteristically somber attire helped that comparison land.
But Fincher was maybe the most interesting target. The episode started with the Bennett boys singing an angelic cover of The Vega choir's cover of Radiohead's Creep which, of course, was used most famously in Fincher's The Social Network. This set the scene for the Fincher spoof which was then hammered home with the Zodiac-esque clippings and letters from the criminal.
The climax of Fincher's most famous crime drama, Se7en has become a favorite pop culture punchline. “WHAAT'S INNN THE BAAAHHHX??!?!?” we all cry. That's fine. I'm not saying it's wrong that we remember that line as comedy. But what's going on in that scene? A man discovers their pregnant wife's dismembered head. That should be troubling. Earthshaking even. Instead, it's entertainment. Se7en is gruesome, sure. The crime scenes give even Fuller a run for their money. But is it emotionally effective?
But things are getting a little too heavy. This is a sitcom we're talking about. Last night's episode was hilarious. Dave Matthews jokes? Solid. The return of Starburns? Delightful. Fun little Easter Eggs in the background? Splendid.
There was even a really solid callback that made the return of John “Carlos Danger” Oliver that much better.
Not only was there a fun, tiny Ben Folds cameo, but there was also a completely catchy “Ass Crack Bandit” song over the ending montage. How did one show do all of that in 20 minutes and still have time to deliver an emotional wallop? I don't know, but it's that wallop that makes Community (when it's on point) the best sitcom in the business. Last night's episode not only entertained, it said something substantive about loss and the way in which our pop culture (our shows, our films, our pulp fiction) commodifies and hollows the true horror and sadness of death. I can't think of a better send-off for Pierce nor a more respectful one for Chevy Chase from their sometimes-antagonist Harmon. Well done, show. Well done, Dan.
(Images via the eagle-eyed cherries over on Reddit)
← Um, Here's A Preview Of The Preview For Next Season's 'Game Of Thrones'
Why the Golden Globes are the Greatest Award Ceremony of All Time (*Kanye shrug*) →
Four national Jewish organizations involved in advocating on behalf of Jewish university students have launched an initiative to coordinate their efforts on security with the national umbrella organization for Jewish security, the Secure Community Network.
Michael Masters, the incoming director of the Secure Community Network, the security arm of national Jewish community organizations, told JTA this week that the Jewish Federations of North America, Hillel International, Chabad and the AEPi fraternity were cooperating on the initiative.
“There was a recognition — the initiative is just over roughly a year ago — that conditions on campuses and [with] student organizations required a collective and collaborative approach to deal with Jewish security issues,” they said.
They said one of the triggers for the cooperative venture was a May 2016 protest of the screening of a pro-Israel movie at the University of California at Irvine. Protesters prevented those attending the film from leaving the room.
The Hillel vice president of communications, Matthew Berger, confirmed the effort. “Hillel International believes the safety of our students and professionals is of the utmost importance,” they said in an email. “Given that both Jewish institutions and college campuses have been targeted for violence in recent years, we recognize the need to provide our campuses with the expertise to better protect their facilities and programs. By partnering with SCN, we are able to offer Hillels a direct resource to assess their facilities and prepare for potential scenarios.”
The Secure Community Network and its partners coordinated their response with law enforcement during the “alt-right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August. Some of the marches took place on the University of Virginia campus. There was similar coordination more recently when Richard Spencer, a white supremacist, spoke at the University of Florida, which has the largest Jewish student population of any college outside of Israel.
The program also leads campus student organizations in training how to respond if there is an active shooter and how to secure facilities.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"Two million new jobs have been created," in California since 2011.
Near the end of their 2016 State of the State address, Gov. Jerry Brown claimed: "two million new jobs have been created," in California since 2011.
That's a lot of new employment, we thought, especially for a state ranked by some as having the nation's worst business climate , thanks to high taxes and regulation.
Brown has staked their legacy, at least during their second stint in the governor's office, largely on what they call the "California comeback."
We decided to fact-check their claim about job creation, which is a big part of that comeback.
From 2007 to 2010, California lost more than a million jobs when the state's housing and construction sectors collapsed.
The loss of tax revenue and past skimpy savings meant multi-billion dollar budget shortfalls for California. It also meant heavy cuts in services for the poor, shuttering state parks and allowing levees, bridges and highways to crumble.
In their speech at the state Capitol, Brown took some credit for the financial turnaround, noting that he's helped pay down huge debts and create the state's Rainy Day Fund.
They didn't take all the credit for the new jobs.
"Two million new jobs have been created and unemployment has dropped in half," since 2011, they said in their record 14th State of the State address. "Of course, the global recovery has a lot to do with that. So, we should applaud, but we can't control it, too."
We'll leave the global impact on California's recovery as a question for another day. Our focus is on Brown's comment that "two million jobs have been created" since 2011, the year they returned to the governor's office, and more than two decades after their initial stretch as the state's top executive.
Crunching the job numbers
Sifting through jobs data can be dizzying. And there are many ways to look at the numbers.
For some guidance, we turned to Chapman University economist Esmael Adibi, who tracks state employment.
Adibi pointed to "nonfarm payroll jobs" tracked monthly by the state and federal governments. Economists consider that category the most reliable because it eliminates farm employment, which fluctuates considerably. Everyone in the nonfarm category is listed on a payroll and considered an employee.
Data from that category show that California had 14,301,300 nonfarm jobs in January 2011, when Brown's third term started.
A report released the day after Brown's address shows the state had more than 16,320,100 of those jobs in December 2015.
That's a growth of just over two million jobs.
Experts we spoke with said this is a ‘net job creation' total. And because many jobs were also lost during this period, the gross number of positions created would have been well over two million.
"I believe the governor is correct," Adibi told us. "The economy actually has done pretty good during their leadership."
For some perspective, the two million jobs created in California accounts for about one-sixth of the nation's net 12.4 million jobs added during the same period, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor statistics.
It's also roughly 600,000 more jobs than Texas added during the same period, the federal labor data show. Texas officials, including former Gov. Rick Perry, have made repeated efforts to siphon jobs away from the Golden State.
Asked for the source of information for the California governor's job creation claim, the Brown Administration pointed to the same non-farm payroll data as Adibi.
Our ruling
In their State of the State address, Gov. Jerry Brown said "two million jobs have been created" in California since 2011.
The most reliable data used by both independent economists and the Brown Administration show California had about 14.3 million nonfarm payroll jobs when the governor returned to office in January 2011 and just over 16.3 million jobs last month. That's a net growth of more than two million jobs.
We rate the governor's claim True.
Turkish President Erdoğan slams EU over remarks on media raid
ANKARA
President Erdoğan was speaking during an inauguration ceremony for oil refiner TÜPRAŞ's new plant in Kocaeli. AA Photo
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has slammed the European Union for its “impetuous” criticism of an ongoing police operation that resulted in the high-profile detention of members of the media and police officers.“The European Union cannot interfere in steps taken ... within the rule of law against elements that threaten our national security,” Erdoğan said on Dec. 15 in a speech delivered at an inauguration ceremony for oil refiner TÜPRAŞ's new plant in the northwestern province of Kocaeli. “They should mind their own business.”The raid on daily Zaman and Samanyolu TV station, which marked an escalation in Erdoğan's battle with their erstwhile ally, U.S.-based Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen, has drawn harsh criticism and warnings from both the European Union and the U.S.“The police raids and arrests of a number of journalists and media representatives in Turkey today are incompatible with the freedom of media, which is a core principle of democracy,” EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and Enlargement Commissioner Johannes Hahn said in the joint statement.“This operation goes against the European values and standards Turkey aspires to be part of,” they said.The United States also expressed concern Dec. 14 over the detentions in Turkey of more than two dozen media figures.Erdoğan vowed not to engage in any reconciliation after police raids into the two media outlets close Gülen and the detention of dozens of people, suggesting that events are part of Turkey's “normalization” process.“Neither inside the country nor abroad will we reconcile in any way with those who still try to draw a direction for Turkey through perception management operations, fabricated news articles and fabricated front-page stories,” they said.“Don't pay attention to lies. Very beautiful developments are happening now and will continue to happen in Turkey. All of this is part of a normalization process,” Erdoğan said.“I wonder if those who have kept this country at the EU doorstep for 50 years know what this step means?” they said, referring to the detentions.“Elements that threaten our national security will receive the necessary response, even if they are members of the press,” they said. “When taking such a step we don't care what the EU might say, or if the EU is going to accept us. We don't care... Please keep your mind to yourself.”Later in the day, during a signing ceremony for a Turkish satellite, Erdoğan implied that the Gülen movement was a “gang of betrayal,” which had also snuck into TÜBİTAK, the country's top body that also produces the satellite.“Staff that was hired for scientific works was involved in efforts to wiretap [me], the chief of staff, the Constitutional Court, and Cabinet ministers,” they said.Erdoğan and the Gülen movement have been in an open conflict since a corruption probe targeting Erdoğan's inner circle was launched a year ago.The president accuses the Gülen movement of attempting to topple the government.The Turkish Industry and Business Association (TÜSİAD), a prominent business group, said in a statement that the judicial process was once again impinging on press freedom. The group asked for a “just and transparent process that would satisfy the public” and take press freedom into consideration.
WASHINGTON — At their confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary, Betsy DeVos vigorously defended their work steering taxpayer dollars from traditional public schools, arguing that it was time to move away from a “one size fits all” system and toward newer models for students from preschool to college.
The hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate that reflected the nation's political divide on how best to spend public money in education.
Republicans applauded Ms. DeVos's work to expand charter schools and school vouchers, which give families public funds to help pay tuition at private schools. Democrats criticized them for wanting to “privatize” public education and pushed her, unsuccessfully, to support making public colleges and universities tuition-free.
Ms. DeVos, a billionaire with a complex web of investments, including in companies that stand to win or lose from federal education policy, was the first nominee of President-elect Donald J. Trump to have a Senate hearing without completing an ethics review on how they planned to avoid conflicts of interest. Democrats pointed out that in the past, Republicans had insisted that no hearings be conducted before those reviews were complete.
A Toronto District School Board memo to staff that included gender and race among qualifications that could win a candidate an interview for a teaching position has outraged some female teachers.
The memo, which was received by principals and teachers and obtained by The Globe and Mail, says that the qualities that could get a candidate an interview include being male or from a racial minority.
"The first round of TDSB interviews will be granted to teachers candidates that meet one or more of the following criteria in addition to being an outstanding teacher: Male, racial minority, French, Music, Aboriginal," the memo reads.
Story continues below advertisement
Competition for teaching jobs at Canada's largest school board is stiff.
Many teachers college graduates spend years competing just to get onto the call list for substitute teachers.
Educators who mentor teachers-college students for the school board were surprised when they received an e-mail earlier this month, laying out race and gender-specific criteria for interview candidates.
"We were shocked," said one TDSB teacher, who requested anonymity. "They're not willing to look at anyone who is white and female, but it should go to the person who is best for the job."
TDSB spokesperson Ryan Bird said that more than half of the board's teachers are female, and there is a need in many parts of the province, not just the TDSB, for more male teachers or aboriginal teachers, for example, to better represent the school community. Mr. Bird said the first consideration when hiring an educator is competency. They stressed that the memo does not mean other groups would be excluded from the interviewing process.
"Through our employment equity policy, there are designated group that we're looking for. But it's absolutely not to the exclusion of other groups," Mr. Bird said.
It is unclear how widely the memo was distributed, Mr. Bird said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The board's teaching staff does not match the diversity of its student body, raising concerns over whether students are being introduced to relatable role models. About 22 per cent of elementary and 23 per cent of high-school teachers at the board are visible minorities, according to the latest staff census published by the TDSB in 2007, while 72 per cent of students is visible minorities.
About 77 per cent of elementary teachers and 59 per cent of high-school teachers are female. Many experts blame a shortage of role models for the fact that boys and some minority groups lag behind girls on standardized tests and postsecondary achievement.
The board has been working to build a staff that more accurately reflects its students' diversity. Its employment equity policy states that, "Outreach activities and affirmative action strategies (e.g., encouragement, mentoring, training and staff development) shall focus on designated groups in order to ensure that all levels of occupations groups with the board achieve equitable representation."
Experts on discrimination reached by The Globe said the memo met proper hiring practices.
"Giving preference to designated groups who are underrepresented in the TDSB teacher complement could not only be non-discriminatory and legal but could also be part of an effort to stay within the law in terms of their staffing and hiring," said Sonia Lawrence, an associate professor at Osgoode Hall Law School. "If groups – those named in the Federal Employment Equity Act, and those protected by the Ontario Human Rights Code – are underrepresented, the TDSB could be called to account for that, and to rebut the possibility of systemic or direct discrimination."
But Brett Cumberbatch, an education consultant who has worked closely with disadvantaged youth, called the memo ineffective and clumsy. They believe that the TDSB badly needs to build a more diverse teaching force. The memo, they said, represents the kind of "shotgun" strategies that fail to recruit top candidates and create resentment toward minority groups.
Story continues below advertisement
"You do a disservice to minority groups when you take an approach like this instead of a long-term one," they said.
Mr. Cumberbatch believes that teachers colleges and school boards are equally to blame for the lack of diversity in the teaching force, and that better recruitment and alternative licensing strategies are needed.
New play sees exiled Chinese Poet & Imperial Court done in Yellowface
In January London UK Theatre goers and culture lovers, will have the opportunity to see a theatre production done using Yellowface. In other words, audiences will see a play which is set in China, about Chinese people, performed by a cast of white actors – In The Depths Of Dead Love.
Copied from the Print Room's website announcing their first production for 2017:
IN THE DEPTHS OF DEAD LOVE by Howard Barker Print Room at the Coronet presents a rare opportunity to see the World Premiere of a new play by “England's greatest living dramatist.” (The Times) Set in ancient China, In the Depths of Dead Love tells of a poet exiled from the Imperial Court & the favour of the Emperor, who scrapes a living by renting their peculiar property – a bottomless well – to aspiring suicides. Among This is a married couple who exert an appalling influence over him.
A play set in Imperial China. By one of the most renowned British playwrights. Cause for celebration, or it should be until you take a look at the cast.
Jane Bertish – Mrs. Hu
William Chubb – Lord Ghang
James Clyde – Chin
Stella Gonet – Lady Hasi
Great cast, but from the character names, I may be going out on a limb here, and guessing that these are East Asian people and not Foreign devils. Not, one single British East Asian actor as been cast.
In other words, ladies and gentlemen of the 21st century, on a UK stage in 2017, audiences will be present with a production that will be performed using the hideous, insulting, disrespectful and yes, racist practice of Yellowface. At a time when we really need to be nurturing and respecting each other, amidst the continued protestations from the creative industry, on how they do really respect and understand that diversity is key and that the lack of BAMEs on stage is something that must be redressed. The Print Room will be giving us a production in Yellowface to kick off the new year.
To be clear Yellowface is not just about actors who decided to change their physical facial appearance to ‘look more East Asian'. Yellowface is about casting decisions, the propagation of racist East Asian stereotypes, caricatures and constant whitewashing of culture which leaves no place for East Asians to be involved with or participate in the telling or retelling of stories and history that directly relates to them. By casting white actors in East Asian roles it continues the underlying inference that East Asians are not “good enough” to be cast. That there are not enough East Asian actors and even if they were their proficiency and professional skill is not as great as that of their white counterparts. We all know (Or should do) that this is not true.
After the Orphan of Zhao casting debacle back in 2013, with media headlines of “East Asain actors seek RSC apology over Orphan of Zhao casting” one would have hoped, and I thought that we had moved on from this deplorable and unacceptable practice.
Sugar-Coated Bullets of The Bourgeoise by Anders Lustgarten with a cast of NINE East Asians, is positive proof that in this day and age there is absolutely no need for any Theatre company, any production to participate in the practice of Yellowface.
The recent theatrical productions of, The Arrest of Ai Weiwei, Chimerica, The World of Extreme Happiness, You for Me and P'YONGYANG you cannot in all good faith tell me that Britain only has a handful of British East Asian actors, because it is obvious it has more and the number is growing
If it was a new play set in ancient Africa, about the Kush (Nubians) or at Al Kurru (Sudan) would we even be talking about the cast being white? Or a new work about Ashoka, would it even be under consideration, to cast the piece using only white actors? The answer is a resounding NO.
It is not about censorship, who can write what or who can perform what.
But about how we, as modern human beings, who understand the nuances of being. Identity, race and acceptance, how important to all of us these concepts and constructs are. How powerful visual reference are. If we were operating on a completely level playing field then the colour of an actor would not matter one jot. We would be seeing non-specific casting across the board. No one would bat an eyelid if Queen Victoria was played by a South Asian and Albert by a Black actor.
But we are not there, far from it. It is perfectly acceptable for a white actor to portray characters that are white, non-white and ethnically specific, but if an actor of colour is cast to portray a role that is outside of their ethnic roots it causes, more often than not “negative debate.” Equality, hardly.
Yet when it comes to the East Asians, time and time again such cultural sensitivity and awareness is not just lacking, but completely absent.
The tragedy is the thinking that is involved surrounding works that are about other British ethnicities such as Black, African, Caribbean and South Asian; never, or seldom seems to be applied in any measure whatsoever, when it comes to works that involve East Asia or East Asian themes and characters. If as a society we can apply such thinking and progressive understanding to other British minorities, why can't this equality of thought and action be extended to British East Asians?
Why?
Are British East Asians so invisible? Do we as human beings mean so little that we literally have no place, in British society, in its culture? We are expected to contribute to all other levels of society, yet we are denied access to participate culturally?
Our shared histories and sacrifices are of so little consequence because the colour of our skin and the shape of our eyes are different?
Do we mean so little that, the wider British society feels, we don't even merit the same considerations that are afforded or fellow British Minority Ethnics?
That we are, somehow will be less offended by Yellowface than a Black person would be by Blackface? I have been told on more than one occasion that Yellowface is not the same as Blacking up or Blackface. Well, let me tell you as British East Asian, Yellowface is every bit as insulting, demeaning, disrespectful and racist.
Industry and public-advocacy groups have put in their two cents on the Federal Communication Commission's latest attempt to dissolve the ban on media cross-ownership in local markets.
The FCC is required to review its media ownership rules every four years to reflect the changing competitive landscape. However, looming in the background during this go-round is a 2011 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals decision in the Prometheus Radio Project vs. FCC.
At the time, new FCC rules, developed under then chairperson Kevin Martin, that would have ended a 35-year-old rule prohibiting cross-ownership of newspaper and broadcast entities in the same local market were struck down by the court.
The Prometheus case was brought by a consortium of activist groups who opposed expanded concentration of media ownership, but the court never got to the merits of the FCC's new rules.
Also read: FCC's Attempt to Ease Media Ownership Struck Down by Court
The court instead agreed with the activists that the FCC had not provided adequate notice of the proposed rule changes.
In its ruling, the court also upheld pre-existing limits on the number of television and radio stations any broadcaster can own in any single market, and ordered the FCC to consider how media ownership rules affect ownership of media outlets by women and people of color.
The FCC again is proposing rules changes that would relax the ban on crossover ownership.
The first round of comments were due Monday night to the FCC; a round of reply comments ends April 3.
In its latest proposal, the FCC concludes that while some newspaper-broadcast cross-ownership restrictions remain necessary to “protect and promote viewpoint diversity,” overall the agency favors its proposed earlier rule change that would remove the crossover ownership firewall in local markets.
This latest FCC proposal would allow crossover newspaper-broadcast ownership in the top 20 markets in the United States, while also providing a range of exceptions that could allow such joint ownership in “virtually” all markets, according to Corie Wright, senior policy counsel for Free Press.
As far as radio-television cross-ownership, the FCC currently maintains caps to regulate the number of radio stations or television stations one entity can own in a given market. The FCC also allows for a capped amount crossover radio-television ownership in a given market but is now proposing that that the latter rule be abolished, as the rules governing the first two caps should suffice.
“We believe that the local radio and television ownership rules adequately protect our localism and diversity goals and seek comment on this proposal,” the FCC proposal reads.
The National Association of Broadcasters, in its comments, called for the FCC to relax or repeal broadcast ownership rules entirely.
The current rules “distort competition in the marketplace and place broadcasters at a severe disadvantage,” said the NAB in its comments. “The rules limit broadcasters' ability to respond to market forces, as cable, satellite and internet-based media outlets proliferate and compete for audiences and advertising revenues without comparable restrictions.”
The benefits of common ownership have been well-documented, the NAB said, pointing to a 2011 study examining the television industry which found that "broadcasting generally, and local news production specifically, are subject to strong economies of both scale and scope.”
The association maintains that removing the cross-ownership restrictions would “allow local stations to tap those efficiencies and pass the benefits to consumers in the form of enhanced programming, including local news, and other improved services.”
The NAB also supported the FCC's proposal to eliminate the radio/television cross-ownership ban. “Elimination of the rule will help level the playing field between local broadcast stations and multi-channel video and audio distributors,” the organization said.
It also was in favor of the FCC's proposals for incentive-based means of promoting ownership of broadcast outlets by minorities, women and small businesses.
“Incentive-based methods, such as tax incentives, waiver/exception programs, establishment of reversionary rights for certain sales, and sub-channel licensing programs will be effective in enhancing ownership opportunities for these groups, without restricting broadcast ownership in ways that disadvantage all broadcasters,” writes the NAB.
On the other side of the dial, the public advocacy group Free Press excoriated the FCC proposals.
“At a time when conglomerates are spinning off their broadcasting and print operations, the FCC's re-proposing of Chairman Kevin Martin's loophole-ridden cross-ownership rule is nothing more than a solution in search of a business model,” wrote Wright to the FCC. “Increasing cross-ownership will not help the newspaper industry — it will only push it further into debt while also harming the production of quality local news.”
Wright added that the FCC had “no business” relaxing the ban when it has shown "it can't even hold broadcasters to the letter of existing law. The local TV ownership rule is supposed to promote competition between local stations, but some broadcasters are skirting the rules by entering into secret deals to combine local newsrooms and station operations. If it walks like a duopoly and talks like a duopoly, it should be treated like a duopoly.”
Meanwhile, the Media Access Project, in league with the Prometheus Radio Project — which brought the 2011 action against the FCC — said that while it applauded the FCC's reaffirmation that “media ownership limits are necessary to preserve and promote viewpoint diversity,” it was troubled by the agency's lax regime in keeping the public apprised of license applications, transfers or waivers in regard to broadcast entities.
“Commission also should increase the frequency with which applicants for renewal or transfer must broadcast notice, to at least once a week, if it is to ensure that viewers and listeners have a meaningful opportunity to participate rather than an opportunity that fleets as quickly as expletives,” wrote Andrew Jay Schwartzman, senior vice president and policy director for the Media Access Project.
Buy Photo Homeowner Shaquille Coleman holds a photograph of their family on Roselawn with David Prentice, founder of Home Team Detroit. (Photo: Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
At first, the Home Team Detroit development group considered buying every property in the city headed for this year's annual county tax foreclosure auction.
Instead, the real estate group is settling for a swath of the northwest side that covers 25 square miles and 24 neighborhoods. That's an area larger than Manhattan.
“The game plan is pretty simple,” said David Prentice, founder, chairperson and CEO of Home Team. “You are going to have a quadrant of (Detroit) with properties that are primarily occupied.”
Prentice and their Home Team colleagues contend they have a plan to solve one of Detroit's biggest problems: stopping the hemorrhaging of home foreclosures from unpaid property taxes. The group wants the right to buy thousands of northwest properties before they end up in the tax auction, which it will then work to fix up while offering paths for tenants to become homeowners.
The idea has raised both curiosity and alarm. One Detroit City Council member calls the proposal “unique and comprehensive.” Others describe the plan as dangerous. One grassroots movement is already underway to prevent the group from getting the properties.
At this point, city officials are reviewing the legality of Home Team's goal to buy 2,000 to 4,000 properties before the auction. The homes are in an area that is south of Eight Mile, west of Woodward and just east of Telegraph. Its jagged southern border reaches Fenkell and, in some cases, beyond that.
It's too soon to tell what will happen, but, the proposal highlights Detroit's ongoing homeowner crisis. An average of 11,500 Detroit properties have ended up in the annual Wayne County tax foreclosure auctions in each of the past four years. The properties are put up for auction — in September and October — when an owner fails to pay property taxes for three years along with penalties.
Each January, property owners are notified if their properties are at risk of tax foreclosure. Many scramble to try to reach payment deals, and thousands will be taken off the list. But many will not. The Home Team group says as of January its targeted area has 11,073 properties headed for foreclosure.
The county foreclosure auction has drawn controversy for years. Housing rights advocates contend residents are losing properties because of tax bills that bear little relation to market value. The sale has attracted hundreds of out-of-state speculators and local investors who buy for as little as $500, and many don't pay tax bills either.
Home Team is approaching tax officials about purchasing the properties under a process known as “right of first refusal.” The Detroit City Council and Mayor Mike Duggan would have to approve the sale. Wayne County and the state of Michigan would at least have to agree to not buy them as well, since both also have the option to buy the properties before the public auctions.
The development group says it has the resources and expertise to buy the properties, fix them up and find new residents. Prentice says the group has a plan that allows it to work with people traditional lenders won't touch because of credit ratings or because of the locations of the properties.
The group's financing plans are centered around the controversial land contract system. Also known as contracts for deeds, land contracts are alternatives to mortgages. Tenants make payments directly to the property owner and often have no ownership stake until the entire debt is paid.
Some realtors defend the use of land contracts as a way to offer low-income residents and those with bad credit a chance to be homeowners. But housing advocate groups like the United Community Housing Coalition say land contracts are financial traps.
An attorney for the nonprofit Michigan Legal Services said many land contract deals are “gaming the system,” in a recent Detroit News story that pointed out many residents with land contracts end up not getting a home.
“People who enter these contracts end up paying a whole lot more than they would by renting, but have nothing to show for it,” said the attorney, Joe McGuire.
In recent years, land contracts have outnumbered traditional mortgages in Detroit.
Prentice promises a different approach. “I agree most land contracts are designed for the tenants to fail,” they said, suggesting their land contracts will have none of the high penalties, monthly payments that increase in time, rising interest rates and other pitfalls.
Another big difference is that Home Team is vowing to fix up every property before putting it back on the market.
Prentice, who has been working with distressed home properties since 2010, formed Home Team Detroit less than a year ago. They said they are motivated by the fact their father lost the family home in Clinton Township in 2009 after a mortgage foreclosure. Prentice, who has four brothers, was 19 at the time.
The foreclosure ended up splitting their family, Prentice said. They ended up sharing a small apartment with a friend and taking in a younger brother. Since then, he's made a career working with people at risk of losing homes or who can't get a mortgage. At age 27, Prentice says he's helped oversee the management of several hundred properties in Michigan, Indiana and Ohio.
“If we concentrate on a condensed area like we are, I think we will see dramatic results in two years,” Prentice said.
Detroit City Councilman George Cushingberry, who represents a big part of northwest Detroit, said the city's corporate counsel is reviewing the proposal and should present a report in two weeks.
“I like that it's comprehensive and takes into account that one of the issues that prevents home ownership is financial literacy,” said Cushingberry, who has not endorsed the plan.
Another potential obstacle comes from the Northwest Detroit Neighborhood Coalition, which has launched a petition drive to block the plan. So far eight neighborhood groups have aligned with the coalition.
“We the people of northwest Detroit hereby declare our strong opposition to high-volume purchases of tax-foreclosed properties (10+ parcels) and other high-volume transfers of properties to real estate investors,” reads the statement. “Proposals like the one currently being circulated by (Home Team Detroit) do not serve the needs or interests of Detroit neighborhood residents. These bulk purchases only accelerate vacancy, blight, and further erosion of our community. “
If Home Team doesn't get the right to buy the properties before the auction, it will likely not try to buy them during the auctions, Prentice said.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2mGjy0r
This is the cover to World's Finest #1, featuring the newly designed Power Girl and Huntress, with reference to their Supergirl and Robin identities in Earth Two.
And in a dramatic break from costume design, Power Girl no longer has the boob window in their costume, getting a full body covering one piece. Which means no more…
And perhaps slightly less embarassing cosplay at comic conventions.
As for the other changes in Earth Two, the cover to the first issue of that comic seems to indicate that, with Escrima sticks, that's Nightwing – Dick Grayson – in the Batman Earth Two get up. In that case, could be also have Superboy in the Superman role and even the long lost Donna Troy as Earth Two Wonder Woman? And exactly what kind of Justice Society are we getting anyway?
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
British astronomers reporting in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (arXiv.org) have found two of the oldest brown dwarfs in our Galaxy.
Brown dwarfs are star-like objects but are much less massive, and do not generate internal heat through nuclear fusion like stars. Because of this brown dwarfs simply cool and fade with time and very old brown dwarfs become very cool indeed.
The two new brown dwarfs, labeled WISE 0013+0634 and WISE 0833+0052, were identified in the survey made by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer.
WISE 0013+0634 and WISE 0833+0052 lie in the Pisces and Hydra constellations respectively. They are moving at speeds of 100-200 km per second, much faster than normal stars and other brown dwarfs and are thought to have formed when our Galaxy was very young, more than 10 billion years ago.
The astronomers studied the infrared light emitted from these objects, which are unusual compared to typical slower moving brown dwarfs. The spectral signatures of their light reflects their ancient atmospheres, which are almost entirely made up of hydrogen rather than having the more abundant heavier elements seen in younger stars.
“Unlike in other walks of life, the Galaxy's oldest members move much faster than its younger population,” said lead author Dr David Pinfield from the University of Hertfordshire.
Stars near to the Sun are made up of three overlapping populations – the thin disk, the thick disk and the halo. The thick disk is much older than the thin disk, and its stars move up and down at a higher velocity. Both these disk components sit within the halo that contains the remnants of the first stars that formed in the Galaxy.
Thin disk objects dominate the local volume, with thick disk and halo objects being much rarer. About 97 percent of local stars are thin disk members, while just 3 percent are from the thick-disk or halo.
Brown dwarfs population numbers probably follow those of stars, which explains why these fast-moving thick-disk/halo objects are only now being discovered.
There are thought to be as many as 70 billion brown dwarfs in the Milky Way's thin disk, and the thick disk and halo occupy much larger Galactic volumes. So even a small local population signifies a huge number of ancient brown dwarfs in our Galaxy.
“These two brown dwarfs may be the tip of an iceberg and are an intriguing piece of astronomical archaeology”, Dr Pinfield concluded.
______
Bibliographic information: Pinfield DJ et al. A deep WISE search for very late type objects and the discovery of two halo/thick-disk T dwarfs: WISE 0013+0634 and WISE 0833+0052. Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, accepted for publication; arXiv: 1308.0495
If Donald and Melania Trump were students in one of my writing classes at Columbia University, they'd be facing charges of violating academic integrity. More specifically, they'd both be accused of—and no doubt found responsible for—plagiarism. (Donald would also be brought up for fabrication and impersonation.) As a result, they'd receive Fs in my class and likely be suspended or expelled.
Instead, the Trump campaign continues to shrug off any suggestion of impropriety.
Related: Trump plan would base student loans on employability
Melania has said the speech they delivered on the opening night of the 2016 Republican National Convention was one they wrote herself, “with a [sic] little help as possible.”
That their speech borrowed extensively from Michelle Obama's at the 2008 Democratic National Convention is now well known, thanks to Jarrett Hill, the first to surface the similarities. The Trump campaign has offered many explanations—none convincing—of what happened.
In academia, this is sometimes called “ patchwriting ,” and it's a big no-no, a form of plagiarism—more sophisticated and harder to detect than the simple cut-and-paste, but no less unacceptable.
The words in question are simply “common,” campaign chairperson Paul Manafort told CNN.
RNC chief strategist Sean Spicer said Melania's words were hardly different from those uttered by John Legend and Kid Rock, not to mention Twilight Sparkle from “My Little Pony.” Spicer doesn't seem to understand what plagiarism entails.
Under scrutiny are some 70 words in three passages, Spicer noted, implying that we shouldn't fret over such a small number in a 2,000-word speech. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie echoed this sentiment, suggesting 93 percent originality is sufficient.
Sorry, it's not.
A lot of the words are “common,” yes.
But what really matters is how the words are strung together, how the sentences are constructed—the syntax, as English teachers say. This is where plagiarism often becomes not just apparent but undeniable.
How a writer puts words together to form phrases and sentences is unique, especially in a language as flexible as English. Turns of phrase can function like fingerprints, a fact that helped authorities catch the Unabomber in 1996. That same year, a literary sleuth used the same approach to expose the once-anonymous author of Primary Colors, Joe Klein.
Related: How to make Cleveland great again
Melania's crime isn't so much reiterating ideas that others had articulated before, but rather saying the same ideas in exactly the same words with nearly identical syntax. What they did, in fact, is the same thing I've watched lazy undergraduates do for years: make slight alterations here and there to someone else's words and then present them afresh, as their own.
In 2012, Donald Trump offered to donate $5 million to a charity of President Obama's choosing if the latter would release their college and graduate-school transcripts as well as their passport records; Obama declined. Maybe we should crowd-source to offer Melania $5 million if they can produce credible evidence that they have, in fact, earned a degree from a university in Slovenia?
In academia, this is sometimes called “patchwriting,” and it's a big no-no, a form of plagiarism—more sophisticated and harder to detect than the simple cut-and-paste, but no less unacceptable. It reveals, among other things, a lack of critical thinking.
Melania took Michelle's “the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams” and simplified it slightly, deleting “the height of” and changing “the reach of your dreams” to “the strength of your dreams.”
The hope in such a desperate move is that by changing the odd word or phrase, the writer can outwit Google searches and plagiarism-detection software. It often works. But it's harder to hide when 23 million people are watching.
As I like to tell my undergraduates, it's never been easier to cheat in college classes, given the technological tools and gadgets at our disposal —but it's also never been easier to get caught. Whatever my students can find online, I can probably find, too.
Locating a transcript of Michelle Obama's 2008 speech takes mere seconds, a fact that should give pause to any would-be speechwriter looking to crib a killer line or two. Indeed, what tipped off Hill was a single phrase in Melania's speech—the “willingness to work for” one's dreams—which immediately brought to mind Michelle's words.
Minutes later, Google and YouTube confirmed their suspicions.
Related: Republicans and education: where they've been and where they're going
Make no mistake: Phrases and sentences can be stolen, just like cars or computers. The theft is no less real just because words are intangible. School principals have been suspended without pay and forced out for delivering David Foster Wallace's “This is Water” graduation speech as if they had written it themselves. Politicians, in both the United States and abroad, have variously resigned, not sought reelection and had their university degrees revoked for plagiarism.
The lesson here is that integrity, truthfulness and transparency matter a great deal. There's no room in the academy for plagiarists or fabricators, and there shouldn't be in the White House either.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, is the man behind the brand of the Trump Institute, which provided its students dozens of pages of plagiarized instructional materials, presenting them as original. And, despite continuous claims to the contrary, they didn't really write The Art of the Deal (hence the fabrication charge). The half-truths and deceptions go back decades and seem to know no end. A quarter century ago, Donald impersonated a (fictitious) Trump publicist in a lengthy interview with Sue Carswell of People magazine.
And Melania appears to have a fabrication issue of their own, claiming to be a university graduate. She's no more that than Barack Obama is a Kenyan. In 2012, Donald Trump offered to donate $5 million to a charity of President Obama's choosing if the latter would release their college and graduate-school transcripts as well as their passport records; Obama declined. Maybe we should crowd-source to offer Melania $5 million if they can produce credible evidence that they have, in fact, earned a degree from a university in Slovenia?
The lesson here is that integrity, truthfulness and transparency matter a great deal. There's no room in the academy for plagiarists or fabricators, and there shouldn't be in the White House either.
[Cross-posted at The Hechinger Report]
Forty-eight years ago the centennial of Canada's Confederation was the occasion for a year-long sea-to-sea party and a world exhibition in Montreal. We carried it off with brio, energy and a happy spirit.
Now, with the 150th anniversary two years in the future, we are planning no more than a national whimper. Perhaps we will all celebrate by turning to the nearest fellow Canadian and offering a most passionate apology for whatever crimes we happen to be atoning for that year. Racism, sexism, whatever.
In 1967 Canada was in most ways pleased with its good fortune and glad to contemplate its future. In 2015 our attitude is different. We have lost the sense of gratitude that once seemed natural. We are far more interested in the flaws we see among us than in our great good luck. If the road is bumpy we blame the government and don't think for a minute about our dogged reluctance to pay adequate taxes.
If a medical appointment takes time to set up, we see the system as faulty. Only a few Canadians can remember when the idea of an all-inclusive medical program seemed to be far beyond our means. Whatever we have, we complain because it's not sufficient.
We are among the luckiest countries, inheritors of a vast rich territory, governed with considerable justice, living in peace. But a sourness creeps into our spirit when we talk about our national life. We speak of it as boring. Many are so bored that they don't even vote, the ultimate expression of alienation in a democracy.
The great freedoms achieved by most of us are often ignored when we discuss public policy
Our politicians encourage our darkest feelings by bickering, often senselessly, among themselves. When not doing that, they promise to improve our lives, implying that we are now being badly treated.
A few decades ago I heard a young man, back from working in Africa, say in a radio interview: “Canadians don't appreciate their good fortune and they probably never will.” That sounded unduly pessimistic. Today it rings with the truth of prophecy.
We steadily grow less grateful for our luck and more likely to obsess on what we don't have. The great freedoms achieved by most of us are often ignored when we discuss public policy.
We habitually take our blessings for granted and spend our time whingeing about whatever we lack. The verb “whinge” goes back to the 18th century and in modern times it's been a favourite in Australia, as in the phrase “whingeing Poms,” meaning “complaining English” and in the sort of people Australians hate most: “Poms that come over and do nothing but whinge.'”
The word deserves adoption as a Canadian national verb. Oxford defines it as “to whine and complain peevishly.”
Consider Julie Snyder. They may long for an independent Quebec but their powerful sense of resentment and their automatic feeling of entitlement betray them as a true Canadian. They announced the other day that she's giving up their TV production firm because a decision of the Quebec government has eliminated the tax credit for their programs. In a tearful, whingeing press conference they said she's been penalized because most of their productions are made for TVA, the network owned by their common-law husband and fiancée, Pierre Karl Péladeau, the leader of the Parti Québécois.
They believe that the provincial Liberals made a spiteful decision because of their relationship with Péladeau. Heightening the pathos level, they said that surrendering their company was “really as if you're giving your baby to someone else.” They recalled sacrificing “my days, my nights, all my energy” to build their company. They said that aid for independent Quebec production is apparently granted “according to what goes on in my bedroom.” Them supporters call it a sexist decision. They call it “a great injustice.”
Have pity on the woman: All they have is fame, children, good looks, money and a man who loves them
Gratitude, whether to God or our ancestors or the luck of the draw, requires a certain alertness to reality. It is not available to those who lack curiosity. To feel grateful we need perspective. We need to know something about the Canadian past and even more about the misery now endured by many other countries. Wisdom and peace (said the ancient Greek philosopher Epictetus) comes to someone who “does not grieve for the things not acquired but rejoices for those possessed.” That understanding is one important idea that now seems missing from the thinking that we love to define as “Canadian values.”
National Post
robert.fulford@utoronto.ca
ABC has laid out some of its midseason scheduling plans, setting premiere dates for comedy Galavant and drama Marvel's Agent Carter and slotting return dates for some of its dramas that will go on a winter hiatus.
Fairytale musical comedy Galavant and Agent Carter had been designed to bridge the fall and spring installments of dramas Once Upon A Time and Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., respectively. Galavant will debut on January 4, airing back-to-back episodes in the Sunday 8 PM hour, while Agent Carter will come on January 6. Once, which airs its fall finale on December 14, will return March 1. S.H.I.E.L.D., which will wrap its fall run on December 9, will be back March 3.
The Thursday dramas Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and How To Get Away With Murder will bow out November 20 and come back January 29. The Taste will air from 8-10 PM on the night in their absence.
ABC is yet to announce plans for midseason dramas American Crime and Secrets & Lies. At the upfronts, the two series were penciled in for Resurrection‘s Sunday 9 PM and HTGAWM‘s Sunday 10 PM slot, respectively, but I hear those time period assignments are not final. Both Resurrection and HTGAWM have full-season orders that are fewer that 22 episodes. The network is yet to make a decision on a back order for new drama Forever.
It's a rough morning-after for the NFL. The Dallas Super Bowl was a bender, but now that the confetti has fallen, it looks like litter. The hangover has hit, a splitting headache and a sour stomach from the $19 margaritas and the $12 wine and the $10 beers and the rest of the fiscal insanity. Is this really what the NFL wants to become? A divorced-from-reality debauch?
I don't know about you, but I don't want to live in Jerry World. In Jerry World, a $1.15 billion stadia looks like the Taj Mahal on the outside, but inside some of the seats violate the fire code. In Jerry World, the state of Texas spends $31 million to host the Super Bowl, even as deficits force public school cuts. In Jerry World, it can cost $900 just to park. In Jerry World, fans pay hundreds of dollars to stand outside the stadium.
Buried somewhere in all of the superbull, the booze, bad concerts and relentless commercial squeeze, there was a good football game between the Green Bay Packers and the Pittsburgh Steelers. But to be honest, it was an ancillary event. The NFL may want to rethink that strategy. It may also want to rethink its tendency to look like the Marie Antoinette of the sports world.
Everything you need to know about the future of the NFL could be seen in the gloriously decadent stadium that hosted this Super Bowl. As NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell pointed out, "Quite frankly, that's our stage." It was the cleanest, safest, nicest stadium anyone has ever visited. It was also the most extravagant and economically stratified. It cost double what Jerry Jones said it would, and taxpayers financed about a quarter of it, yet its innermost marble interiors are totally inaccessible to the average fan.
A tipping point was reached with this Super Bowl, for me. It was the screwed-over anger of those 1,250 people without seats that did it. Those travel-weary, cash-whipped fans paid small fortunes to go to the game, only to discover their stubs were no good, because fire marshals declared some sections unsafe. All of a sudden the whole thing seemed offensive. It was just too much.
For absurdity, how about those four Navy F-18s flying over the stadium - with its retractable roof closed? Everybody inside could only see the planes on the stadium's video screens. It was strictly a two-second beauty shot. Know what it cost taxpayers? I'll tell you: $450,000. (The Navy justifies the expense by saying it's good for recruiting.)
It's not clear what the pain threshold of the average NFL fan is: Thirty-two owners digging relentlessly in our pockets haven't found the bottom yet. But the NFL would be advised to recognize that it's getting close. Those folks who found themselves without seats? Many were among the league's most loyal paying customers, season ticket holders. Yet they were treated like afterthoughts, awarded half-built, jerry-rigged seats, folding chairs on auxiliary platforms. Which begs the question of what the "NFL fan experience" really means anymore. A day later the league did its best to make it up to them with offers of tickets to Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis and Goodell called it "obviously a failure on our part."
This Super Bowl was the future, and it set some lousy precedents. Every owner in the league wants a stadium like this one, and they will be pitching - maybe even extorting - their communities to help them build one. They want ever-larger luxury suites and bigger restaurants, and giant scoreboards and TVs, so they can replicate this Super Bowl, and sell standing room space in plazas and blocked views of a big screen for $200.
"Of the 100,000 and change tickets they sold, how many of those people actually had seats, and how many could actually see the field?" asks Neil deMause, a stadium-financing watchdog who co-authored the book, "Field of Schemes." They add: "That's revolutionary if you can sell tickets to not actually watch the game. That's a whole new ballgame. So obviously everybody is saying, 'Hey, we want to get one of those.' "
It's the shiny new toy in the league. New stadiums are such a priority for owners that it's a critical piece of the labor negotiations taking place with the players' union. A major reason owners resent the 60 percent cut of revenue that goes to players is because it's not easy to finance stadium projects. They want a restructured agreement so "we can make the kinds of investments that grow this game," Goodell says, bemoaning the fact that no new construction has started since 2006.
But how much growth does the league need? It already generates an estimated $8 billion, and owners get the first $1 billion off the top. If you really love the NFL - and I do - you have to wonder if the billionizing of the league is really good for it. The average cost of attending a game for a family of four is $412.64. At Cowboys Stadium, it's a staggering $758.58. That's what the league calls growth.
Don't get me wrong: The Super Bowl can be electrifying for a community, and can be priceless in civic pride. Disclosure: I'm from Fort Worth, and I spent the week down there rooting for it to be a success. Cowboys Stadium is a gorgeous structure with some grand qualities, and Roger Staubach, who lobbied for the game, is a lovely guy.
But in the end, this Super Bowl taught me a lesson: Luxury can actually be debasing. The last great building binge in the NFL was from 1995 through 2003, when 21 stadiums were built or refurbished in order to create more luxury boxes, at cost of $6.4 billion. Know how much of that the public paid for? $4.4 billion. Why are we giving 32 rich guys that kind of money, just to prey on us at the box office and concessions? The Dallas deal should be the last of its kind.
When an owner grows tired of a facility and leaves, guess who picks up the tab? New Jersey still owes $110 million on the old Meadowlands home of the New York Giants and Jets, and when both teams moved to their new $1.6 billion, privately financed stadium, they got a huge tax break. According to the Wall Street Journal under their old agreement they paid $20 million a year in tax revenues; now they will pay only about $6 million a year. Know what New Jersey's deficit is? I'll tell you: $36 billion.
At its best the NFL is a deeply embedded piece of American culture, with an indissoluble bond with fans. But it's grown far removed from the grass-roots recreation it started as, the competitive emblem of mill towns, and their enormous civic resilience. As fans, we share blame for being willing to pay anything for it. We've allowed league owners to cash in on American pride, and hunger for entertainment. We should insist they share American economic problems.
A website that investors were prompted to trust turned out to contain a fraudulent address, scamming millions of dollars of Ether.
Around 12 pm GMT on July 17, 2017, would-be CoinDash investors bustled in CoinDash's official Slack chat, eagerly awaiting the company's token offering.
Two hours later, "mplus," the person making official announcements for CoinDash, declared that the token offering was live. Disaster struck. Only three minutes after having declared that Coindash.io was the only trusted source for information, "mplus" sent a message to the group indicating the website had been hacked, altered to include a fraudulent wallet address not associated with the token offering. In total, unaware investors sent approximately 43,438.455 Ether (approximately $7.38 million at the time of press) to the wrong address.
CoinDash slammed on the brakes, halting the token offering and warning users on Twitter.
Website has been hacked. — CoinDash.io (@coindashio) July 17, 2017
Soon after, CoinDash tweeted:
The Token Sale is done, do not send any ETH to any address. Official statement regarding the hack will be released soon. — CoinDash.io (@coindashio) July 17, 2017
Elsewhere on Twitter, accounts falsely advertising information about the CoinDash token offering cropped up. One Twitter feed @Coindash_ico is still active and advertising a site that investors should be forewarned is not a website associated with CoinDash. Coindash_tech, another account , has been suspended, but not before it tweeted several times directing CoinDash investors to send Ether to an address that, according to Etherscan, contains under 0.3 Ether. To be clear, CoinDash has told all investors not to send Ether to any address as of now.
CoinDash did not respond to ETHNews' request for comment, but did make the following announcement on its site:
CoinDash asked users to help with the investigation and posted a claim form for them to fill out.
Questions remain over how CoinDash's site was susceptible to attack given the scope of what was at stake, and what measures, if any, can be taken to identify the perpetrator and recover the Ether that was collected.
ETHNews will continue to provide coverage as these events unfold.
The iPad 3 fits perfectly into the case and the case, at first glance, looks very well designed. However, there are two issues with the case, one that has not yet been mentioned in any of the reviews I have read and is a major problem: When the cover is closed, the iPad does indeed turn off, and when opened it turns on - but when the cover is in the closed positioned it would constantly turn the iPad on whenever the cover (and magnets) was press out of position, even just slightly. After sliding the iPad into my notebook bag I could hear what sounded like a camera shutter noise - upon further inspection it was the iPad turning on & off each time the cover got bumped out of alignment. It took me a few days to discover that this was the reason I would start the day off with a battery at 100%, but would end up with a low-battery when I went to use it a few short hours later.
The other issue is that the case won't lay flat against the back of the iPad. This isn't all that serious, but is a let down to all of us who didn't realize this until it was too late. All-in-all it fits well and looks nice, but lacks the polish that could have made it perfect.
Two doctors at a Pennsylvania hospital were suspended after a witness claimed a number of hospital staffers formed a “cheerleader type pyramid” to take photos and videos of a patient with a genital injury. A state investigation revealed the incident occurred on Dec. 23 at UPMC Bedford Memorial, and involved a patient who required surgery for a genital injury to remove a “foreign body,” PennLive.com reported.
The hospital's administrators were notified in January after a witness complained about a series of photos circulating among staff members, the news outlet reported. The state's health department opened its own investigation into the incident in May.
PHARMACIST ACCUSED OF TRYING TO KILL MOTHER WITH INSULIN
“In January a hospital employee came forward to complain about photographs that were circulating around the hospital, of a patient under anesthesia while in the [operating room],” according to the health department's investigation. “The patient had a genital injury and OR staff had apparently taken photos and video of the patient using their personal cell phones, and were showing the photos to other hospital staff.”
As a result, one doctor was suspended for seven days while another received a 28-day suspension.
While one employee admitted to receiving a photo from a staff member in the anesthesia department, another claimed a doctor requested a photo be taken with an operating room camera to use for “future medical lectures.” The employee claimed the camera was broken, prompting use of personal phones, but investigators later found the camera to be working, albeit “too complicated to use.”
Another employee who was attending to the patient said “at one point when I looked up there were so many people it looked like a cheerleader type pyramid,” PennLive.com reported.
The hospital is also currently in the process of replacing the surgical services nursing director as a result of the investigation.
TEEN WITH 'RAPUNZEL SYNDROME' DIES FROM EATING Them OWN HAIR
“UPMC is committed to ensuring that our patients' health information remains confidential,” a hospital statement to PennLive.com said. “The behavior reported in this case is abhorrent and violates the mission of UPMC Bedford and the overall values of UPMC. Upon discovery, UPMC quickly self-reported the incident to the Pennsylvania Department of Health and took appropriate disciplinary action with the individuals involved.”
The statement said the health department approved the hospital's plans for corrections and that the patient involved in the incident has been notified.
“Since this is an ongoing investigation we are not at liberty to comment further at this time,” the statement said.
In a sceptical era, when few people still believe that miracle cures can be poured out of medicine bottles, stem cells still fire the imagination and create hope. Maybe that's because it is not just the patients who want to believe that stem cells may one day enable them to walk again, but also the doctors and the scientists.
There is genuine scientific excitement over the concept of using the body's own cellular building blocks to regenerate damaged or ageing organs. "Regenerative medicine" is the scientists' preferred terminology. And although it is still very early days, the lab work and limited experiments so far carried out in animals – and humans – have not disappointed.
The great hope, which the paralysed former Superman star Christopher Reeve shared and to which they dedicated a fortune, is that stem cells may one day repair a damaged spinal cord and allow paralysed patients to walk again.
It may happen. The Geron Corporation in the US has begun experiments on humans. It has now injected two patients with its stem cell product, catchily codenamed GRNOPC1. So far the company has revealed only that neither patient, injected between seven and 14 days after their catastrophic injury and given just two months of therapy, had any serious side-effects from the treatment. There are all sorts of imponderables, from the size of the dose to the timing and location of the injection to the critical issue of whether the stem cells will survive inside the body, which mean it will be years before we have any clear idea as to whether this is going to work.
But some stem cell treatments have been spectacularly successful, such as the rebuilding of Claudia Castillo's windpipe. Tuberculosis had wreaked such damage that the 30-year-old mother of two was barely able to climb the stairs before an enthusiastic, pioneering international group of doctors chose them to be the lucky subject of a stem cell experiment.
The operation took place in Barcelona, but with input from some of the world's top scientists in London and Italy as well as Spain. They took stem cells from bone marrow in their hip and tricked them into becoming cartilage. Then they seeded them on to a piece of donated windpipe, which was transformed into something their body recognised as one of its own organs. Now they go dancing.
Castillo's treatment involved adult stem cells. Bone marrow cells are particularly responsive to persuasion to become something else, but the clock can also be wound back on skin cells and other adult cells in the laboratory. Embryonic cells, which have not yet developed into anything, are best of all – removed from the blastocyst, which is the embryo at only a few days gestation when it is the size of a full stop. The disadvantage is the religious and moral dismay such work can excite.
The basic stem cell concept is so simple that it is hardly surprising that they have been touted as a potential cure for so many diseases. There is great hope for Parkinson's disease, but huge caution on the part of reputable scientists – not least since the disastrous outcome of an early experiment in 40 patients in Denver, reported in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine in 2001. Embryonic nerve cells were injected into the brain, in the hope that they would supply the missing dopamine. Some of the younger patients improved, but 15% of the group had a stunning and distressing response about a year in. They began to writhe, jerk their heads and flail their arms uncontrollably as the foetal cells went into overdrive. One scientist said they were "absolutely devastated".Patients who are in a desperate state easily fall prey to quacks and charlatans who offer injections of "stem cells" that may be nothing of the sort – or if they are, have probably not been differentiated to turn into the type of cell that is needed. Such were the doctors who injected stem cells into patients with multiple sclerosis – at one point offering treatment on the Cork to Swansea ferry, the Guardian discovered, when they were forbidden by the authorities from holding a clinic on the Irish mainland.
But the excitement over the potential of stem cells has not been dampened by such abuse, because those who really know – the scientists in the field – really believe in the cures to come. Sadly for those who need help now, it is going to take a long time, but happily for humankind, the future looks unusually hopeful.
Artist DarkAngelOne has taken a collection of sculptures created by different artists and brought them to life! Using photos of these sculptures, the artist transforms them into stunning, moving GIFs full of energy. The variety of sculptures is incredibly eclectic, ranging from artistic fashion to bronze. Even more diverse and unique, is what part of the sculpture is moving in each photograph. In one photo, buttons seem to endlessly skid across a woman's face. In another, a crystallized substance is exploding from a person's body. Sometimes, the fabric of the sculpture itself transforms and morphs back and forth between patterns and materials. What is so impressive about this series is how seamless the editing seems to be. The sculptures really do seem to have gold dripping up continuously or have safety pins eternally sliding across a face. This transformation has truly taken some incredible skill from the artist that created the GIFs.
The movement created in this series not only transforms the sculpture itself, but the mood and the meaning as well. A new sensation emerges from each of these photos as they now pulsate and flow with a new life right in front of our eyes. They become more surreal, magical, and in some cases, a bit unnerving. Several of the sculptures take on a new feeling of anxiety or perhaps fear as they now have new elements added to it due to the movement. For example, one sculpture now has a fluttering iris that moves back and forth out of their skull. Another simulates a threaded face with black string moving across the eyes. Each sculpture is amazingly transformed into a new image full of life and meditative movement. (via Fubiz)
First of all, it's not in your head. Mosquitoes really do prefer some people to others, says Dr. Jonathan Day, a medical entomologist and mosquito expert at the University of Florida. And that time your grandmother told you your skin was just sweeter? There's some truth to that, Day says. “Some people produce more of certain chemicals in their skin,” they explain. “And a few of those chemicals, like lactic acid, attract mosquitoes.” There's also evidence that one blood type (O) attracts mosquitoes more than others (A or B).
Unfortunately, your genes dictate your blood type and the chemical makeup of your birthday suit. Genetics also determine several other factors that could make you an object of blood-sucking affection for your local mosquito population, Day says. Maybe the most important: Your metabolic rate, or the amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) your body releases as it burns energy.
Mosquitoes use CO2 as their primary means of identifying bite targets, Day says. Why? “All vertebrates produce carbon dioxide, so what better way could there be for a mosquito to cue in on a host?” And while it's true that you can moderate your metabolic rate through diet and exercise, you can only change your metabolism so much, Day says.
“Pregnant women and overweight or obese people tend to have higher resting metabolic rates, which may make them more attractive to mosquitoes,” they explain. Also, drinking alcohol or physically exerting yourself raises your metabolic rate—and also your appeal to winged biters, they add. (Exercising before grabbing a beer and heading outside = asking for trouble.)
While CO2 detection is the primary technique mosquitoes and other blood-sucking bugs used to spot hosts, they also rely on secondary cues to differentiate you from cars, decaying trees, and other CO2-producing objects. And you can control some of those secondary cues, Day says.
For example: Dark clothing is more attractive to mosquitoes than light oufits. Why? “Mosquitoes have problems flying in even a slight wind, and so they keep close to the ground,” Day explains. Down there, they spot hosts by comparing your silhouette to the horizon. Dark colors stand out, while light shades blend in, they say. At the same time, lots of motion distinguishes you from your surroundings. So if you're moving around a lot or gesturing, you might as well be shouting, “Hey, mosquitoes! I'm right here, ladies!” (Only the females bite, Day says.)
You Asked: Your Top 10 Health Questions Answered Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME Illustration by Peter Oumanski for TIME 1 of 10 Advertisement
Obviously, you're not going to spend the summer sitting stock-still in a white suit. So what are the best ways to avoid itchy bites? Day recommends protective clothing, which doesn't mean baggy jeans and long-sleeved sweatshirts. “Lots of the lightweight, breathable fabrics made for athletes or fishermen are woven tightly enough to protect you from bugs,” they say.
If your summer style isn't negotiable—or for those parts of your body you can't cover up—Day recommends a mosquito repellant with 15% DEET. Just make sure to follow the label's instructions for safe application. “Spray it into your hands and then rub it on your skin to avoid inhaling it,” they say. “That'll protect you for around 90 minutes.”
Also, mosquitoes usually feed at dawn and dusk when the wind tends to die down and the humidity rises, Day explains. If you can stay indoors at those times, you'll avoid bites. A good fan pointed in your general vicinity will also do a great job of keeping the bugs away. “Mosquitoes can't fly in a breeze faster than 1 mile per hour,” Day says.
If all that fails, hug a bite-free buddy. Maybe some of their mosquito-repelling skin chemicals will rub off on you.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says they never considered leaving the Trump administration and reiterated their admiration for President Donald Trump, publicly refuting an NBC News report that outlined their frustration with the president. (Published Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017)
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was on the verge of resigning this past summer amid mounting policy disputes and clashes with the White House, multiple senior administration officials who were aware of the situation at the time told NBC News.
The report prompted a response from Tillerson, who said they never considered resigning and President Donald Trump said they maintained "total confidence" in their secretary of state.
The tensions came to a head around the time President Donald Trump delivered a politicized speech in late July to the Boy Scouts of America, an organization Tillerson once led, the officials told NBC News.
Just days earlier, Tillerson had openly disparaged the president, referring to them as a "moron" after a July 20 meeting at the Pentagon with members of Trump's national security team and Cabinet officials, according to three officials familiar with the incident.
Trump Talks Politics at Boy Scouts Event
President Donald Trump traveled to West Virginia to address tens of thousands of Boy Scouts at the National Jamboree. The president noted that they were happy to be out of Washington, and to leave politics behind. But they took the opportunity to talk about the health care bill and even joked about firing Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, if the Senate doesn't vote for the legislation. They asked the crowd if former President Obama ever attended the Jamboree, prompting boos. (Published Tuesday, July 25, 2017)
While it's unclear if they were aware of the incident, Vice President Mike Pence counseled Tillerson, who is fourth in line to the presidency, on ways to ease tensions with Trump, and other top administration officials urged them to remain in the job at least until the end of the year, according to some of the dozen current and former senior administration officials who spoke to NBC News for this report.
Tillerson did not deny calling the president a moron when asked about it at an unscheduled news conference at the State Department on Wednesday.
"I'm not going to deal with petty stuff like that," they said. Tillerson denied that they have ever considered resigning as secretary of state.
"The vice president has never had to persuade me to remain as secretary of state because I have never considered leaving the post," Tillerson said, saying that there were "a few specifics that have been erroneously reported."
However, the report only said Pence counseled Tillerson on their tensions.
Pence, in a statement to NBC News, also denied "discuss the prospect of the Secretary's resignation from the administration."
Tillerson on North Korea: Americans Should Sleep Well at Night
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged calm and said Americans should have "no concerns" after North Korea and President Donald Trump traded fiery threats, insisting Wednesday they don't believe there is "any imminent threat." (Published Wednesday, Aug. 9, 2017)
Of Trump, Tillerson said he's learned "he loves their country, they put Americans and America first, he's smart, they demand results wherever they go and they hold those around them accountable for whether they've done the job he's asked them to do."
They added that they will not "try to sow dissension to advance" their agenda, as others in Washington do.
Earlier, Tillerson's top State Department spokesperson, R.C. Hammond, said Tillerson did not consider quitting this past summer. They denied that Tillerson called Trump a “moron.” Hammond said they were unaware of the details of Tillerson's meetings with Pence.
As Tillerson was expected to speak, Trump tweeted that "NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN."
After Tillerson's remarks, Trump tweeted: "The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!"
NBC News reporter Carol Lee said on MSNBC that the team of reporters stands by their reporting: "We've extensively reported on this. We talked to a dozen people for this story."
An NBC News representative added, "we stand by our reporting."
Asked about Tillerson's comments while in Las Vegas later on Wednesday, Trump expressed "total confidence" in the secretary of state.
"I'm very honored by their comments," Trump said. As they did on Twitter, Trump again dismissed NBC News' report as "fake news."
The chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., wouldn't talk about private conversations he's had with Tillerson, but told NBC News they believe Tillerson, Defense Secretary James Mattis and White House chief of staff John Kelly "help separate our country from chaos and I support them very much."
Corker, who is not seeking re-election, added that the Trump administration is "an incredibly frustrating place" and feels that Tillerson isn't being supported appropriately, leaving them "trying to solve many of the world's problems a lot of time without a lot of the support or help I'd like to see them have."
SAN FRANCISCO, July 28 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc will offer 3D printing services that allow customers to customize and build earrings, bobble head toys and other items from third-party sellers using a new personalization option on its website.
Most of the more than 200 items available on the company's new 3D printed products store, which launched on Monday, can be customized using a new feature that allows users to rotate and change the item they are viewing.
Before it is printed by one of Amazon's sellers, users can customize a product like as a bobble head figure by changing its skin and eye color, hairstyle and outfit, Amazon said.
“The customization is something we're keenly interested in,” said Petra Schindler-Carter, director for Amazon marketplace sales, speaking in an interview. “We'll always look for new applications for that.”
Amazon, which has more than 240 million users, has expanded its marketplaces division to include new areas such as fine art and wine. It is part of Amazon's larger investment into new areas like mobile services and original content that led to its larger-than-expected second-quarter loss last week.
The new printing option taps into a broader “Maker movement” among tech entrepreneurs in northern California, and to some extent Europe, that is focused on customizing 3D objects rather than development software or mobile applications.
3D printers have gained in popularity on Amazon Supply, a wholesale site for businesses. That interest led Amazon to offer customers an 3D print option, Schindler-Carter said. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
14 January 2016, 21:54
The Russian Ministry of Justice (MoJ) has recognized NCO "Committee for the Prevention of Torture" (CPT), which since August 2015 continued activities of the liquidated "Committee against Torture", as a foreign agent. Igor Kalyapin, the head of the NCO, has reported that the "Committee for the Prevention of Torture" had never received money from foreign sources.
The "Caucasian Knot" has reported that on August 1, 2015, participants of the conference organized by the "Committee against Torture" unanimously decided to dissolve the organization. The "Committee against Torture" was replaced by the "Committee for the Prevention of Torture". According to Igor Kalyapin, the "Committee against Torture" has been divided into several organizations in order to ensure that no one of them does fall under the provisions of the law on foreign agents.
The Russian MoJ has reported that on January 14, the interregional public organizations "Committee for the Prevention of Torture" and "Bureau of Public Investigations" were included in the register of NCOs performing functions of foreign agents.
According to Igor Kalyapin, staff members of their NCO will not stop working, and all the cases currently accompanied by advocates in courts and investigating bodies of Russia will be continued.
Let us remind you that in December 2014, the head of the "Committee against Torture" has appealed to the law enforcement bodies. They have claimed that the statements voiced by Chechen Ramzan Kadyrov on responsibility of relatives for militants' actions violate the presumption of innocence.
Full text of the article is available on the Russian page of 24/7 Internet agency ‘Caucasian Knot'.
Virtually every time I write about voter fraud, I feel compelled to make two over-arching points beyond the specifics of any given case. First, despite the president's baseless claims to the contrary, there is no evidence that large-scale voter fraud is an epidemic in America. The notion that "millions" of illegal votes were cast for Hillary Clinton last fall is preposterous. Trump does themselves no favors by wildly exaggerating the impact of a phenomenon that many on the Left insist is a fictional problem. Second, it's not a fictional problem. As we've seen over and over and over and over and over and over again, people do cast fraudulent ballots in American elections. This should be unacceptable, and (overwhelmingly popular) attempts to preserve the integrity of our electoral system should not be demagogued as "voter suppression." Illegal votes should be suppressed through common-sense legal measures that impose minimal hardships and obstacles upon eligible citizens.
One of the arguments that voter fraud apologists offer when they're confronted with hard evidence of a practice they deny exists is that even if there are "isolated incidents" here and there, they still amount to rounding errors that don't impact the outcomes of races. This is a weak argument, especially in light of the fact that the US presidency was decided by a margin of a few hundred Floridians in 2000. Speaking of Florida, go back and read this post about the illegal voters uncovered by a local reporter a few years ago; they used a narrow method, and limited their search to a limited area of the state, yet they tracked down multiple non-citizens who were actively voting in American elections. In a new case out of Florida, one county has just purged 16 ineligible voters from the rolls amid a legal battle over a local election that ended up being determined by a margin of...16 votes:
Putnam County elections officials said Monday they have now purged 16 people from the voter rolls who cast fraudulent ballots in last fall's election. The news comes as a judge weighs the fate of an election contest lawsuit that challenges the legitimacy of Sheriff Homer “Gator” DeLoach's election in a race decided by 16 votes. The case went to trial April 12. The lawsuit was filed by Jonathan Kinney, who lost after multiple recounts after unofficial election night returns had them ahead by 18 votes. It says 42 ballots cast by ineligible voters, from non-residents and felons to dead people, undermined the integrity of the election...Carolyn Faunce, chief deputy to Overturf, confirmed that officials have removed six voters, including five felons and a man deemed incompetent by the court system, in addition to the 10 felons previously detailed at trial.
The Florida Times-Union story goes on to note that due to ballot secrecy, it's impossible to know if all, or even most, of the ineligible voters helped tip the race to the winning candidate. But Kinney's attorneys found at least one convicted felon who attested in a deposition that he'd contributed to the dubious victory margin. Sometimes races come down to a fractional handful of votes. How much fraud are "anti-suppression" activists willing to tolerate in the name of preserving voting rights? Don't legitimate voters have the right to not have their ballot canceled out by an illegitimate tally? Meanwhile, out of North Carolina:
An investigation by the N.C. Board of Elections has found that 508 voters who cast ballots last November weren't eligible to vote – and the vast majority of them were felons serving active sentences. The State Board of Elections released the audit report Friday in response to public records requests and a request from members of Congress. The report says that 441 voters appear to have been serving active felony sentences on Election Day – many of them on probation. Convicted felons can vote in North Carolina only after completing their sentences, including any probation and parole. In addition, the investigation found 41 non-citizens who cast ballots, 24 voters who voted twice and two people who falsely voted using the name of a family member who'd recently died.
Again, this is a minuscule number in the context of the millions of North Carolinians who voted last fall. But that state's gubernatorial race was decided by two-tenths of one percent. Mix in potentially more-widespread instances double voting (a problem we've flagged before, based on North Carolina officials' findings), and things could look dicier. Opponents of voter ID laws, including Politifact writers, are eager to point out that requiring identification would only have potentially prevented a handful of documented cases of 2016 voter fraud in the Tar Heel State -- where a recent ID law has been thrown out by the courts. It's true that photo ID provisions only go so far in blocking or deterring illegal voting. That's why other measures should be seriously considered, including much more efficient systems of purging dead and ineligible voters from the rolls, as well as potential safeguards against people voting in multiple states. President Trump signed an executive order last week to establish a commission charged with exploring some of these issues. If the panel focuses on conjuring up some fig leaf justifications for the president's bogus "millions" assertion, it will be a waste of time and money. For what it's worth, one of the officials tapped to lead the task force says that's not their goal. But if it approaches these questions seriously, and manages to eschew partisan rancor, it could prove to be a worthwhile endeavor.
Dubai is considering tests of ‘robot' or driverless cars on its busy highways, the local transport agency said, after a Google executive told Al Arabiya News they would “love” to bring the technology to the emirate.
So-called driverless cars navigate traffic and road signals automatically, using special sensors like radar, GPS and computer vision.
Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) says it is considering whether to allow tests of the robot cars, and how they may perform given the current road network and conditions.
“The RTA is currently studying the feasibility of testing the driverless cars with reference to the current traffic system, its adaptability to the technology and several other factors,” Abdul Mohsin Ibrahim Younes, the chief executive for strategy and corporate governance at the RTA, told Al Arabiya News.
Younes did not give any timeframe for possible tests, when asked about the legality of using driverless cars on the streets of Dubai.
Several major car manufacturers including GM, Ford and Volkswagen are testing driverless car systems. But one of the best-known projects is by the internet giant Google, which has been conducting tests of its autonomous vehicles for several years.
Mohamad Mourad, regional manager for Google in the Middle East and North Africa, recently told Al Arabiya News that they would “love” to bring driverless cars to Dubai.
“Will we see driverless cars in Dubai in the next five years? Maybe, yes. It's not on my to-do list. But I would love to, yes,” said Mourad.
“The challenge there is first of all cost, for it to become accessible for everyone. And the other thing is regulation – to be able to get these cars on the streets around the world.”
Dubai and the wider UAE has some of the most deadly roads in the world. Car travellers are roughly twice as likely to die in an accident here compared with the global average, according to 2009 figures.
While the technology behind driverless cars is still undergoing testing, Mourad pointed to the safety features of such vehicles.
“It's definitely safe and I think it has an incredible safety record,” they said. “Eric Schmidt, our chairperson, says [that he'd] rather have a driverless car the way it is today than have someone drinking and driving.”
Despite Mourad's remarks, a Google spokesperson insisted there are no current plans for driverless cars in the region.
“Google has no plans to bring driverless cars to the Middle East,” the spokesperson told Al Arabiya News.
Last Update: Friday, 13 December 2013 KSA 11:16 - GMT 08:16
Donald Trump is in negotiations with Carrier to keep two Indiana air conditioning and furnace plants from moving to Mexico, eliminating 2,100 U.S. jobs. A video of executives informing workers of the plant closures went viral in February, leading Trump to vow to stop the outsourcing. Now president-elect, they are exerting their new leverage to make that a reality.
But someone else already holds that power. Their name is Barack Obama. They just doesn't seem to care.
The most Obama has said about Carrier, at a June town hall in Indiana, is that some jobs “are just not going to come back.” They cited automation in manufacturing, enabling many fewer workers to staff a production line than in previous decades, though that's a separate issue from Carrier's outsourcing.
Later in the discussion, Obama challenged Trump's promises to keep Carrier's plant open. “He's going to bring these jobs back. Well, how are you exactly going to do that, what are you going to do? There's no answer to it.”
In fact, every tool Trump could possibly use to persuade Carrier to keep operations in Indiana has been available to Obama since the day of the company's announcement. They have just chosen not to use them.
For example, Carrier is a subsidiary of United Technologies, an aerospace and defense firm and one of the 10 biggest federal contractors as of 2014. The company had $56 billion in revenues last year, and over 10 percent came from the U.S. military.
Obama could have used those lucrative contracts as a condition of maintaining the Carrier plant, just as Trump is now being urged to do by Sen. Bernie Sanders. “I call on Mr. Trump to make it clear to the CEO of United Technologies that if their firm wants to receive another defense contract from the taxpayers of this country, it must not move these plants to Mexico,” Sanders said in a statement last week.
It's precisely the kind of hardball Obama has consistently played with federal contractors in other contexts. They have signed executive orders to raise the minimum wage for federal contract workers to $10.10 an hour, ensure paid sick leave, and promote from within the company. They also signed an order to make companies ineligible for federal contracts if they violated employment and labor law over the past three years. They have no compunction against using the government's leverage as a large purchaser of goods and services to get better outcomes for workers. But this power has been set aside with respect to Carrier — and outsourcing in general.
During the campaign, Trump vowed that they would slap a 35 percent tariff on any goods coming in from that Carrier plant in Mexico. Critics described this as the stirrings of a counterproductive trade war. But reducing the benefits of outsourcing is substantially similar to what President Obama tried to do to prevent corporate inversions, where companies merge with an overseas firm and shift their nominal headquarters to that country (though none of their workers) to avoid the higher U.S. tax rate.
Obama's Treasury Department issued regulations to make inversions a less lucrative tax avoidance scheme. The main element seeks to prevent earnings-stripping, the shifting of income into low-tax countries through loans from the corporate parent. Other provisions nullified the tax benefits of inversions by cracking down on “serial inverters” and making the mergers unprofitable.
These rules stopped a merger between drugmaker Pfizer and Irish firm Allergan earlier this year, showing that the chief executive can intervene in corporate maneuvering. But Obama has shown more willingness to do so to protect U.S. tax revenues than U.S. jobs.
Labor unions have criticized Obama virtually their entire presidency for lax attention to outsourcing, citing actions they could have taken without congressional input. These include declaring China a currency manipulator to reduce the attractiveness of Chinese goods and ending trade deals that hurt American workers rather than promoting them. Critics point out that the head of Obama's Jobs and Competitiveness Council was GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt, whose company has a legacy of outsourcing stretching back decades.
Some observers argue that a president of 320 million shouldn't involve themselves in individual situations involving just a couple thousand jobs. But the bully pulpit can have effects on other companies as well. And local politicians routinely work with companies in their backyards to encourage them to stay put, typically by offering them tax incentives. Trump appears to be doing something similar with Carrier, discussing a massive tax cut that would allow major corporations to bring back money held overseas at a low rate. Carrier's has $6 billion stashed abroad.
Such a massive tax amnesty as a carrot for keeping a handful of jobs in America is obviously disproportionate.
But Obama has talked about using the tax code to entice companies to invest in American jobs repeatedly; it's not unique to Trump. Obama promised to remove tax deductions for outsourcing and provide incentives for bringing manufacturing back home — a core Democratic promise since the 2004 John Kerry presidential campaign. It never got done.
Obama has also proposed to double tax incentives for advanced manufacturing, offer $5 billion in clean energy manufacturing tax credits, extend the 100 percent expensing on investment in plants and equipment, and creating a Manufacturing Communities Tax Credit specifically for places like Indianapolis that experience job loss from outsourcing. Some of these tax credits were part of the 2009 stimulus.
Sanders, who routinely criticizes the excess profits and corporate welfare earned by companies that ship jobs overseas, recently vowed to introduce the Outsourcing Prevention Act, which would prevent companies that outsource from receiving federal contracts, tax breaks, grants, or loans, and would claw back a decade's worth of those federal benefits from any company that outsources more than 50 jobs in a given year. Sanders would also tax companies that move jobs offshore, and tax the bonuses, stock options, and golden parachutes of executives of outsourcing companies.
At that Indiana town hall, Obama did not show this kind of fight. “You cannot look backwards,” they said then. “And that doesn't make folks feel good sometimes, especially if it was a town that's reliant on a couple of big manufacturers. But they're going to have to retrain for the jobs of the future, not the jobs of the past.”
Workers at the Carrier plant, while skeptical of Trump in other contexts, supported their presidential campaign because they signaled that they would at least fight for their livelihoods. Even if they don't fully believe Trump can get it done, they at least found them willing to try.
Democrats lack an answer for these working-class manufacturing communities. Telling them to be realists certainly isn't working.
Derogatory remarks about female athletes by commentators are putting young girls off from an interest in sport, MPs have warned.
A report by the Commons Culture, Media and Sport committee urges TV presenters to “refrain from discussing the appearance of sportswomen and from making derogatory comments about the ability of women in general to play sports.”
It follows a string of incidents in which well-known commentators have been forced to apologise for remarks about female sports stars.
Last summer BBC presenter John Inverdale provoked a furore after saying Wimbledon tennis champion Marion Bartoli was “never going to be a looker”.
During the World Cup, the BBC received 170 complaints after commentator Mark Lawrenson said Switzerland striker Josip Drmic should have “put a skirt on” after a poor shot at goal.
In January footage emerged of football pundits Andy Gray and Richard Keys chanting sexist comments at a female reporter while employed by Sky Sports, three years after they were sacked over leaked tapes which recorded off-air remarks about a female linesman.
MPs heard evidence that “trivialising or simply disrespectful comments on sportswomen by both sports commentators and sports leaders” sent out a message that women with an interest in sport were “straying into male territory”.
The report says schools should do much more to encourage girls to maintain an interest in sport, and said many of those approaching puberty were put off by changing rooms lacking privacy and basic amenities.
MPs also said a wider variety of sports and activities should be introduced, with several sports such as trampolining and dance which proved popular among girls not on offer in many schools.
John Whittingdale MP, Chair of the Committee, said: "Sport still has too male an image, and it will require efforts from sport governing bodies, the media, schools and government departments and agencies to encourage us all to view sporting activity as a normal activity for women, which should be encouraged and facilitated.
“Good habits are learnt early, and it is a sad fact that many girls are put off sport by school games lessons.”
The report says schools too often spent more on boys' sports and facilities than they did on those for girls.
MPs said too little thought was given to the needs of women, with sports halls built with public viewing galleries, and women-only swimming sessions patrolled by male lifeguards.
The report suggests critical remarks by commentators on female athletes have “contributed to the perception that sport is unfeminine and to the tendency of girls and women to drop out of sporting activity, which reinforces a lack of interest in women's sport at the elite level.”
Earlier this year Helen Grant, the sports and equalities minister, came under fire after suggesting women put off by “unfeminine” sports might prefer to take up cheerleading.
Gymnastics, roller-skating and ballet would also leave them looking “absolutely radiant and very feminine”, they said.
The committee's report warns that girls give up sport at an earlier age than boys, so that by the age of 14 just eight per cent meet Government recommendations to carry out one hour's activity a day.
A recent study published in the British Medical Journal found that only 38 per cent of seven year old girls were achieving the recommended amount of physical activity, compared to 63 per cent of boys.
Shadow culture secretary Harriet Harman launched a consultation on Friday aimed at widening participation in sport.
They said: "Despite it being the 21st Century - where women are not prepared to be second class citizens and we have amazing sporting icons like Jessica Ennis and Tanni Grey-Thompson - we are very far from equality in sport.”
A Department for Culture, Media and Sport spokesperson said: "There are 6.84 million women playing sport every week - 500,000 more than in 2010, with a record amount of 16- to 25-year-olds participating.
"Sport England is investing over £1bn of public money into improving grassroots sport with a number of initiatives specifically targeted at women."This includes setting up over 300 girls-only after-school sports clubs across the country and plans for a major national campaign to promote women's sport."
Manitoba Liberal Party Leader Rana Bokhari is stepping down, according to a news release issued by the party on Saturday.
"It is on that positive note, that I have informed the Manitoba Liberal Party Executive that I will not be leading the MLP into the next election," they are quoted as saying.
This comes less than three weeks after three Liberal candidates were elected as MLAs in the Manitoba provincial election, when Brian Pallister's Progressive Conservative Party won a record-breaking majority in the province.
Closely following the election, Bokhari announced they had no intention to step down. In fact, they said, they hadn't ever considered quitting.
"Now is not the time to disrupt anything, we've got to keep moving forward," Bokhari said on April 21.
But on Saturday, the statement said Bokhari plans to resume practicing law once a new party leader is elected.
Until then, they will stay on as the Manitoba Liberal Party's interim leader.
"Over the coming months as we transition into an even more exciting phase and elect a new leader, I will be working with the Liberal caucus and the Liberal Party Executive to ensure that the leadership transition is smooth and constructive," they are quoted as saying in the news release.
"As interim leader, I will work with the entire Liberal team, to continue to engage with our supporters, to fundraise and build our capacity for the new leader who will lead us to even greater success in 2020."
A one-time Playboy model and former Miss Bosnia looks set to spend two-and-a-half years in prison after an appeal court upheld their sentence for their part in the attempted murder of an organized crime boss.
Slobodanka Tosic was sentenced in March for arranging a date with Djordje Zdrale in 2006. The date turned out to be a “honey trap,” with Tosic betraying Zdrale to rival gangster Darko Elez. The assassination attempt by Elez failed and Zdrale escaped with wounds.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Agence France-Presse (AFP) cites Tosic's lawyer Vlado Adamovic as saying they planned to take their case to Bosnia's constitutional court “for procedural reasons” now that the appeal had failed.
Tosic, now 30, appeared on the cover of Serbian Playboy in 2008, has appeared on a version of the TV show Survivor and was named Miss Bosnia when they were 19.
[AFP]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Post by Peter Kleissner » Fri Jul 11, 2014 9:05 pm
ZeuS Gameover Global Statistics 2012 - 2014 all versions.png
Thought I share my knowledge:ZeuS Gameover 1 appeared in the wild in September 2011. It already had a DGA and the p2p algorithm. This version was not affected by the takedown by FBI & friends from May 2014. Yesterday it had still 1.169 infections (source: Virus Tracker).ZeuS Gameover 2 was released in July 2012 after I published here (a few posts up) the DGA - the criminals changed it. In version 2 they also slightly changed some P2P commands and advanced it (secured it against crawling/disruption). It had at peak over 140.000 unique infections per day. The FBI & Europol takedown was about disrupting the P2P botnet (together with vu.nl and other researchers), taking down existing C&Cs and seizing all DGA domains (I have heard until 2017?). The DGA generates 1000 domains per week, all now pointing to a FBI sinkhole. They apparently charged the original ZeuS author (in the legal documents it states "slavik") but who knows whether they are also the ZeuS Gameover author (the source of ZeuS leaked in April 2011).ZeuS Gameover 3 was released a few days ago, it has no p2p algorithm no more and again, a new DGA. In this new variant we only see 83 infections so far but that is expected to obviously go up.Here are the global ZeuS Gameover infection statistics over the time from 2012 - 2014 today.
Last weekend marked the signing of an historic tribal grizzly bear treaty in Canada and the US. Entitled “The Grizzly: A Treaty of Cooperation, Cultural Revitalization and Restoration,” the treaty was carried from Ottawa to Jackson Hole, where it was signed by traditionalists and supporters of all generations.
The treaty marks a new chapter in the battle for native rights and environmental protection.
“Within this struggle to protect the grizzly and see the Great Bear reintroduced to tribal nations from the Rockies to the Pacific where biologically suitable habitat exists, we find many of our struggles – the struggle to defend our sovereignty, our treaty rights, consultation mandates, and our spiritual and religious freedoms,” explained Chief Stan Grier, Chief of the Piikani Nation, in Jackson Hole last Sunday (link).
The treaty movement comes as the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) is poised to strip federal protections from the grizzly in Greater Yellowstone, which will unleash state-sponsored trophy hunting for the first time in over 40 years. Tribes across North America revere the grizzly as sacred. Some fifty federally recognized Indian tribes, as well as Canada's Assembly of First Nations (some 640 tribal bands in Canada), have formalized their opposition to delisting the grizzly from the Endangered Species Act (ESA).
Speaking to a crowd of over 200 in Jackson Hole, numerous tribal leaders linked the conflict over the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) to the fight for the threatened grizzly bear.
Eastern Shoshone Chairman Darwin St. Clair, Jr., said: “Nowadays our tribes have to get along. We don't have a choice. We have DAPL going on in cannonball, North Dakota to protect the water, and today we have our grizzly that we're trying to protect (link).”
What the Tribes Want for Grizzly Bears, Their Culture
The tribes are seeking respect for their spiritual views, their rights and the laws that protect their interests, including legally required processes such as consultation by the federal agencies with tribal governments. Tribal leaders have also carried their concerns about grizzly bear management to decision-makers in Washington, DC, where they offered an alternative management plan for grizzly bear recovery featuring co-management of grizzly bears and inclusion of tribal lands in a vision of recovery.
But thus far, the messages from tribal leaders have fallen on deaf ears in the government.
Because of the location and enormous size of tribally owned lands, which includes key habitat on reservations such as the Wind River, Blackfoot, and Flathead, as well as other unoccupied but suitable lands, the tribes offer real and exciting prospects for achieving meaningful and long term grizzly bear recovery.
Bringing the Great Bear back to tribal lands would help reconnect Indian people with a cherished animal that now only lives in story and song on many reservations. And by requiring the involvement of trained tribal biologists and managers, grizzly recovery on tribal lands could inspire a young generation to discover new relationships with nature and with their cultural roots. In fact, that is one of many leaders' central aims.
Piikani Councilman, Brian Jackson told me after the Jackson Hole event, “We must reconnect our youth to the land and their heritage.”
Another aim of the tribes is to fundamentally reconfigure governmental relationships when it comes to managing wildlife, perhaps catalyzed by co-management of grizzly bears on tribal lands.
Prospects for Tribal Co-Management of Grizzly Bears
The Tribes' concerns about grizzly bears have erupted at a time when many were saying the Endangered Species Act is broken, that we need another model to save imperiled species. The tribes are providing a promising model, predicated on co-management of species that not only occur on tribal lands but also in areas where tribes have legal claims under treaties codified by the federal government.
“Delisting and trophy hunting? How about an alternative: creating linkage zones between these fragmented, isolated populations; returning the Great Bear to sovereign tribal lands; and committing to a future day when the grizzly on the flag will not be the only one you can see in California,” said Piikani Chief Stan Grier (link).
I admit that despite my long involvement with conservation of grizzly bears, I have only recently begun to appreciate the possibilities engendered by tribal lands for recovering and connecting our remaining grizzly bear populations. And the possibilities are substantial, both biologically for the bear and culturally for Indian people.
Interestingly, government officials said recently that they would not rule out relocating bears to tribal lands (link).
Tribal co-management of endangered species has worked well in many cases, and holds considerable promise. And, in helping to recover grizzly bears and other imperiled species, Native tribes are perhaps uniquely positioned to help break the current ideological logjam between local, state and federal governments over who should be in charge of endangered species and land management in the West. As descendants of the continent's oldest inhabitants, they are anchored in the land, and offer important spiritual, economic and cultural perspectives. Because of their unique position, Tribes can bring to the table a broader and more nuanced perspective than you see in the today's political slugfest over land and wildlife.
In fact, there is a shining example involving grizzly bears that live in the Northern Continental Divide Ecosystem. In 2006 the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes (CSKT) completed a series of safe wildlife passages, called “The Peoples' Way,” on a stretch of highway running through the Flathead Indian Reservation, in collaboration with the state of Montana and federal Department of Transportation (link). Many species of wildlife, including threatened grizzly bears, had — or had not– been making the perilous crossing often unseen by the stream of passing motorists. The new wildlife underpasses and overpasses make the motorway permeable to animal movement, while reducing both traffic accidents and the likelihood of wildlife becoming roadkill. The tribe uses remote cameras to objectively assess animal movements through the passages.
Jim Williams of Montana Fish Wildlife and Parks calls the Tribes' wildlife passageway system “cutting edge” and adds that “as far as I know, it's the most significant, large-scale habitat-linking wildlife project in the western United States (link).”
The Nez Perce Tribe was also in charge of wolf recovery in Idaho for nearly a decade after wolves were reintroduced to the Selway Bitterroot Ecosystem in 1995-1996. The Nez Perce happily stepped in to manage a species they had lived among for centuries when the state of Idaho refused to be constructively involved (link). Under the tribe's watch, the wolf population grew from 20 or so individuals to hundreds.
Given ancient tribal relationships with wolves, this should come at no surprise. One of the old stories that singer and Blackfoot Indian and musician Jack Gladstone told me once centered around tribal chiefs who were sent to live among wolves as young men, where they learned how to live properly in society – including the importance of feeding and caring for the weak, playing with the young, and celebrating on full moons.
Positive examples of co-management are not relegated to large carnivores. At the Jackson Hole treaty signing, former Hopi Chairman Ben Nuvumsa spoke about successful co-management of Mexican Spotted Owls in Arizona. The owl is endangered due to the loss of old growth forests it relies on.
Black-footed ferrets, which were nearly exterminated in the wild, have been restored to tribal lands of several Sioux tribes (Cheyenne River, Lower Brule and Rosebud) in South Dakota (link).
In addition, seven tribes in Oklahoma (Citizen Potawatomi, Chickasaw, Eastern Shawnee, Miami, Muscogee, Osage Nation and Seminole) are currently collaborating to plant thousands of milkweed plants to bring back the imperiled monarch butterfly (link). Along their 3,000 mile migration, monarchs need places to rest, breed and eat. The milkweed they normally deposit eggs on—it's what the larvae consume—has been decimated by herbicides, and monarch numbers have plummeted. With nearly all of the monarch's migration route in critical condition in Oklahoma located on tribal lands in the state, the tribes stepped up to restore the butterfly's habitat.
Jane Breckenridge, owner of the Euchee Butterfly Farm said this about the tribal efforts earlier this year: “We haven't seen any interest about this come from the leadership of the state of Oklahoma. However, I knew all along to save the monarchs and other endangered pollinators that this effort needs to come from the tribes (link).”
Similarly, in the Northern Rockies, the effort to save grizzly bears is not coming from the states, but rather the tribes. Sergeant-at-Arms Lee Juan Tyler of the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes, (depicted in the photo, along with Shoshone Bannock Vice Chairman Darrel Shay) concluded at the Jackson treaty signing: “The grizzly bear is sacred. The grizzly needs more habitat and so let's give them some.”
I say amen to that.
The California parents of a stillborn baby chose to remember and celebrate the life of their baby girl, Monroe, by having a professional photographer capture them on film.
According to Fox8, it happened when Emily Stanley went to the hospital when they didn't feel the baby moving. It was soon after they were told Monroe had passed away.
Emily and Richard Stanley said they wanted to show off their beautiful daughter and have a way to remember and acknowledge them as a member of their family.
Professional photographer, Lindsey Natzic-Villatoro, of Love Song Events and Photography, spent nine hours with the couple, following their birth, taking photos of their daughter and family as relatives came to visit.
The photographs were put online, and the Stanleys have encouraged others to share them. Lindsey shared the photos on their Facebook page and spoke about the emotional experience.
Here's Natzic-Villatoro's story (used with permission):
“As a mother the last phone call/email I want to get for a “forever loved” session is anything that has to do with a child. Friday afternoon as I was preparing for my weekend sessions with all 3 of my girls I got an email from a girl named Kelly telling me their sweet friend just found out their baby had died. They told me some details and asked if I would contact the family to be there in their time of need. Given the circumstances, you only have a very short window to truly capture these forever moments. I rushed out of the store I was in and called this woman.
When this mother answered the phone they could barley speak. They knew I was calling which I'm sure was the only reason why they answered the phone. They were short of breath, crying uncontrollably between their words and could barely even speak. They told me that earlier that morning they were eating breakfast, oatmeal actually. They had a cup of coffee and was proceeding with their usual routine. Them husband had already left for work and they were just at home relaxing with their son and niece. They noticed that their daughter hadn't been moving in their belly like usual.
Normally it is their baby's routine to have some fun in mom's belly once they drink them coffee. Considering that their baby hadn't kicked all morning, mom moved their tummy a bit and after still feeling nothing went and got their heart monitor to check on them Again mom heard nothing. In a panic they called their husband and told them what was going on and said they were going to drop the kids off to be watched and head to the hospital.
Once they got to the hospital they got them in a room to be monitored, and the nurse could not find a heartbeat. They then gave them an ultrasound and discovered their sweet baby had died due to the umbilical cord being wrapped around their child's neck. They asked them if they would like to delivery the baby vaginally or said they could have a C-section. Given the fact mom had eaten that morning they needed to come back for the surgery, they wanted the C-section.
They were told they could come at 3:30pm later that afternoon or 5:00am the following morning. Mom decided to come back given they were alone and wanted the support of their husband who was working over two hours away. They would of had to do the surgery alone if they decided to do it that day because it was impossible for them to be there by 3:30pm.
Mom, a total wreck left the hospital in disbelief. How was this happening? Them baby was just moving and alive late the evening before so how… why… why her? Why them baby? Why their child? Every question known to man popped into their mind- nothing made sense.
I met the family at 6:30am Saturday morning. I am a professional but human. Set aside my everyday photography, I photograph about 15 to 20 terminal sessions a month that range from every tragedy under the sun BUT that NEVER makes these easy. Every session I do affects me differently.
I walked into a cold hospital room, room 230- full of tears and family, everyone was in disbelief. I grabbed mom's hand and I told them this was quite literally the worst thing that could ever happen to a mother but together we were going to get through this. I smiled at their nurse sweet Ronda, looked at dad and told them I was here to help them both. I also told them that there way NO right way to handle this. If they wanted to freak out on me, throw something, cry, yell…whatever, it was absolutely OK.
Thankfully I know many of the nurses and doctors at the hospital Mom was delivering at so I called Friday night and told them I'd be there in the morning. When I got there they gave mom the option of having me in the OR during the C-section. Mom and Dad decided that was right where I needed to be, although both were very scared and nervous. I went into the bathroom before we walked into the OR, said a prayer for the surgery and for everything that was about to transpire.
I then got all geared up, and together Dad and I met mom in the OR where surgery had already started. I looked at mom on the operating table, they knew my heart was breaking for them With my hair and mouth covered, and only my eyes to be seen Mom and Dad both knew I was doing everything I could to be supportive and hold it together for them. I needed to be strong; I needed to do my job. At 7:52am I looked at that clock and sweet baby Monroe Faith Staley was born. I was the first to see them
My eyes quickly filled with tears as I pulled my mask down, looked over to mom and dad and said, “SHE IS PERFECT.” Together we all cried. I stood next to the baby and watched the nurses give Monroe their first sponge bath, I touched their hands, put the hat I brought them on and took a few pictures. The nurse Miguel which we all adore then handed mom their baby girl as the doctor finished their surgery. It was a dream, this family was living a total nightmare. I can't even begin to describe the pain I knew Mom and Dad were feeling at that moment.
As mom pleaded for their baby to wake up, their sweet husband brushed their hair with their hands crying with them Cheek to cheek, clinging to their baby girl in disbelief; the two of them were pillars for each other. At 8:20am the four of us went across the hall to Mom's room and for almost 9 hours Monroe never left their sight. I was able to capture moments that this family will forever have. I kissed this sweet baby over and over again… I even joked with Mom about taking them home.
We both got a giggle out of it. Baby was full term and ABSOLUTE PERFECTION, Monroe defined perfection. Throughout the morning and afternoon family members came to meet this perfect angel. I took the baby to the infant warmer and snapped away. Any image that came to mind, I shot. I wanted this family to have every possible memory of this child I could physically give them.
So with that being said, I would like you all to meet this beautiful family. 26 year old Mother Emily, 29 year old Father Richard, and baby girl Monroe Faith Staley weighing 6 pounds 2.5 ounces, 19 inches long.
This family wants you all to know they have felt your prayers. To those of you that responded to my post when I asked for prayer Friday evening, they appreciate the kindness you have shown to them.
Sweet Monroe has a 5 year old big brother that loved them dearly and was counting down the days until they could finally meet their baby sister. This death was EXTREMELY unexpected and tragic. I am asking you all for your help. Emily will be released from the hospital today and have to go home to a house full of baby items. They will have to walk into their daughter's nursery and relive this nightmare for the rest of their life.
Please stop and pray for them. I said on Friday, “No matter what anybody says about grief and about time healing all wounds, the truth is, there are certain sorrows that never fade away until the heart stops beating and the last breath is taken.” And I ment that. NO FAMILY deserves this unbearable pain.
The Staley's rest assured knowing they will be reunited with their sweet baby girl one day soon, but until that day comes they struggle thinking life will ever have some normalcy. They would like their story to be shared; they hope to bring comfort to other families out there that have also experienced such tragedy. They want their daughter's life to be remembered.”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
While people are worrying about Ebola, a simple infection now has the potential to kill us all.
This past week, a groundbreaking special investigation was released by Reuters that detailed the feeding practices of five of the nation's largest chicken producers. The investigation reviewed more than 320 internal documents called “feed tickets” from Tyson Foods, Pilgrim's Pride, Perdue Farms, George's, and Koch Foods. These feed tickets showed the names and amounts given of each and every “active drug ingredient” put in the feed of the chickens at these five locations. As well as the ingredient, each feed ticket also indicated the purpose of the dosage as well as a specific timeline to when the dosage should be administered based on the chicken's current stage of development.
The results were horrifying.
These internal documents showed that antibiotics were given to the chickens throughout their lives, regardless of whether or not they were actually sick. The antibiotics were given to the chickens as a way to promote growth and to keep them healthy in what is often unsanitary and overcrowded conditions. In addition to the obvious moral and ethical concerns about this practice, there emerged a far greater concern to the population as a whole: The consequences of misusing antibiotics. By misusing antibiotics on these factory farms, it can lessen the antibiotics effectiveness overtime, especially as these antibiotics make their way to humans via handling of the chickens themselves, mishandling contaminated meat, or from runoff from these large-scale factory farms. Having less effective antibiotics can have detrimental to human health and can cause what were once curable diseases to become life-threatening and to see the rise of the so-called “superbugs” that have begun to emerge in the last few years. According to the CDC, nearly two million people get sick from antibiotic resistant infections each year, and 23,000 people are killed as a result of these infections. All of this happens due to the fact that 70% of all antibiotics in the United States are used on farm animals.
The problem has not gone unnoticed.
This past week, legislation was introduced by Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) to authorize the Food and Drug administration to collect data on “farm-level antibiotic use.” Gillibrand sent a letter to FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg in which they stated that “the scale and injudicious use” of antibiotics “was staggering.” This follows up 2013 legislation introduced to the House by Representative Louise Slaughter, (D-NY), whose bill would require that the FDA, livestock producers, and drugmakers release more data on antibiotic use in food animals. This past week, Slaughter said, “Industry has kept data showing the rampant, dangerous use of antibiotics hidden from the public for one reason: to protect corporate profits at the expense of public health.” Slaughter urged their fellow lawmakers to address the issue at a scheduled hearing on antibiotic resistance Friday before the House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on health.
And yet, despite all the dangers, big agriculture refuses to change its practices.
As a result of the investigation, many of the guilty parties have claimed to be either unconcerned or innocent about misusing antibiotics on their farms. Foster Farms openly admitted to using antibiotics in their feed, despite being the cause of a salmonella outbreak in July. Koch Foods, a Chicago-based supplier to KFC, had a statement on its website up until August 27th which stated “We do not administer antibiotics at growth promotion doses” and that “No antibiotics of human significance are used to treat our birds.” However, the Reuters investigation found that Koch Foods was, in fact, using antibiotics as a way to promote growth in its animals and the statement was immediately removed from the website in what Koch's CFO claimed was ”a wording mistake.” Pilgrim's Pride, another one of the guilty parties, took an even more extreme approach. They wrote a letter to their growers on September 8 and asked them to sign a confidentiality agreement to protect the kind of information that would be available on a feed ticket. Should the growers violate this agreement, they then became subject to termination.
The problem with this issue is that big ag clearly has no incentive to stop their deadly profitable practice, especially since the science behind the issue can still be manipulated. For example, Ashley Peterson, the VP of scientific and regulatory affairs for the National Chicken Council said, “We understand the concern about the use of antibiotics in farm animals and recognize our responsibility to ensure they are properly used for the right reasons to protect the health of animals, humans and the food supply.” The council then went on to say that the majority of antibiotics approved for use in raising chickens posed no threat to human medicine. Even Gillibrand's legislation does not lack the urgency needed on such an important issue. In fact, their proposed legislation to track farm-level antibiotic use would not even take effect until April of 2016. Even the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology are aware of the issue of antibiotic resistant infections as they released a report on Thursday addressing the issue. Unfortunately, there is no mention of the relationship of factory farms to the overuse of antibiotics anywhere in the seventy-eight page report.
Going forward, the best way for the American people to act is to avoid chicken products by the big five companies mentioned in the Reuters investigation. As more and more of the scientific information becomes available, we are sure to see more and more people begin to realize how much danger big ag is putting us all in by misusing antibiotics. With the rise of superbugs, we as consumers can not take the chance of eating potentially deadly meat for the sole reason that it is a dollar cheaper at our local grocery store. For big ag to change its practices, they need to be hit in the wallet and the only way for that to happen is for American consumers to realize that we are all at risk for a massive public health crisis simply because these large chicken producers want to save a few bucks in their pockets.
Because unlike Ebola, we know exactly who the villain behind these superbugs are and how they can be stopped.
CAN'T FIND A ROOM?
There was something odd going on with NAT Types not matching and then you not being able to find a room. We know how this goes- people can't find a room and then assume the game is dead, can't be bothered to create a room and wait for someone to invade, and then you get crazy people with 1 bar connections lagging up your lobby because they are so desperate.
LET'S FIX THIS!
All you have to do is leave a comment with your
Location (City/ Country) PSN Gamertag Level : 1.Beginner 2. Advanced 3. Expert
Gooooo! Add some friends and get playing!
Of course if you don't have issues with finding rooms and players (I don't, for example) then don't worry and be happy! 🙂
ps. Here's our discord link – this shouldn't expire…. (updated lol)
On a visit to Eastern Europe last week, Yair Lapid, Israel's telegenic finance minister, wrote a defiant yet innocent-seeming Facebook post: “A word to all of those who are ‘fed up' and ‘leaving for Europe,' ” they began,
I happen to be in Budapest at the moment. I came to give a speech in parliament against anti-Semitism and to remind them how my father was almost murdered here because the Jews had no state of their own; how my grandfather was killed in a concentration camp; how my uncles were starved; how my grandmother was saved from a death march at the last moment. So forgive me if I'm a little impatient with those who are willing to throw away the only country the Jews have because it's easier to live in Berlin.
Lapid's harsh words appeared to be directed at the subjects of a highly rated new documentary show, which examines the lives of Israelis living abroad. The show is called “The New Yordim,” the last word being a semi-derogatory term in Hebrew used to describe expatriates. Yordim means “those who descend,” as opposed to olim, people who immigrated to Israel, or, literally, “those who ascend.” The charged terminology provides a clue into how divisive the phenomenon of uprootedness is—and has always been—in Israeli society. (Yitzhak Rabin once called Israeli expatriates “a debris of weaklings.”)
At first glance, the numbers seem to justify the alarm: more than half a million Israelis, or about seven per cent of the population, live abroad, according to the Central Bureau of Statistics. The majority resides in the U.S. or in Canada, but recent years have also seen a booming Israeli community take root in Europe, especially in Berlin. The expatriates tend to be young and educated, in search of graduate degrees or better-paying jobs—part of the famous “brain drain” that is changing the entire developed world and against which many politicians have railed.
The truth behind these numbers paints a different picture, however: the statistics define as an expatriate anyone living overseas for at least a year. (I am one of them, and so, by the way, was Lapid, who spent several years in the U.S.) Yet, ask these people where they see themselves in five or ten years, and many of them would not flinch before answering: in Israel. Their reasons for leaving are largely financial or educational. Yes, some settle down in their adopted countries, but a surprising number of them come back. In 2010, for example, fifteen thousand Israelis left the country, but ten thousand returned. These extended trips abroad, therefore, represent a stepping stone for many Israelis, a prolonged layover on a journey whose final destination is Israel. (Some fields of work, admittedly, make it easier to return than others. In academia, the situation in Israel is dire. Two of this year's Nobel Laureates in chemistry, which was announced yesterday, are Israeli citizens who had left the country; one of them complained that they couldn't find tenure.)
Yet Lapid chose to ignore the financial squeeze that was driving Israelis away. If, in writing their diatribe, they were hoping to ride a wave of shared indignation, they could not have predicted that the tide would swiftly shift and come crashing over him.
“Mr. Lapid, before you talk about Zionism, when was the last time you had to worry about making ends meet?” one Haaretz op-ed writer asked. In another highly circulated blog post, the journalist Amir Mizroch pounced on Lapid's familial reference: “You talked about your parents? Well let me tell you about my parents, and the parents of many other young people I know here in Israel,” Mizroch wrote. “Our parents come out of retirement so that they can help us; they take out mortgages on houses they already own; they buy groceries for us, they babysit our children because we have to work two jobs, and because daycare, like everything else in this country, is exorbitantly expensive.”
These commenters, and many others, articulated the findings from a fascinating recent survey by the financial newspaper Calcalist: eighty-seven per cent of Israelis over the age of twenty-five are financially dependent on their parents. That's a startling figure that requires some unpacking.
First, by “financial support,” the survey doesn't mean an occasional gift, such as a one-time cash infusion to make up for rent or a celebratory check for graduation. Researchers explicitly reported that it represents a steady, monthly flow of money from parents to their children, worth an average of twenty-five thousand dollars a year.
Second, as opposed to what many might think, most of the parents who support their children aren't wealthy; the money they regularly give represents between fifteen and twenty-four per cent of their income (often coming directly out of their pension funds or social security).
Last, and perhaps most importantly, by “children” the survey, in fact, means nothing of the kind: those being backed by their parents are not the twenty-something millennials we hear about in the U.S., who move back home while searching for work, but rather people in their thirties and forties, many of whom have children of their own—and even careers. The point isn't that they're not working, but that they can't keep up with the steep rise in the country's cost of living.
While wages in Israel have stagnated over the past decade, on the heels of a 2001 recession, prices have continued to go up. The uptick is most widely felt when it comes to housing: in the U.S., it takes three years of work on average for someone to be able to buy an apartment, while in Israel it takes almost eight, according to statistics from the Taub Center for Social Policy Studies. People's ability to afford food has eroded, too. In 2005, for example, the price of dairy products in Israel was six per cent higher than in other Western countries; by 2008, it was forty-four per cent higher. Several factors account for these shifts, such as rich foreign nationals buying secondary homes in Israel and pricing locals out of the market (the seafront in Tel Aviv is now known as a ghost town because of all the apartments that stand empty, awaiting their French, Russian, or American owners). The rising price of food has been caused, in part, by the lack of competition in manufacturing and distribution, in which a few large conglomerates are able to keep prices high. But all this only exacerbates the skewed mechanism already at work: what the young generation can't afford, the older generation is forced to pay for.
It's a reality that I encounter in Israel all the time. Most of my friends—women and men in their late twenties and early thirties, who have jobs, and Master's degrees or Ph.D.s—still rely on their parents to help them out with rent. Those with children have unwritten agreements whereby their parents shoulder a chunk of the child-care expenses, or else the parents are ferried across the country on certain days to babysit their grand-children. Many of my friends are postponing having kids altogether, to avoid the soaring costs. And, yes, some choose to move abroad.
It's easy to write these people off as spoiled, or to argue that their parents are enabling the situation, but the findings show that that's not the case: Calcalist found that the more money that Israelis earn, the less they rely on their parents. Financial dependence, in other words, is not a luxury; it's a necessity.
Calcalist interviewed a forty-year-old Israeli engineer. Their wife is employed, as well, but with four young children, they have had to turn to both sets of parents for help: their parents chip in about three hundred dollars a month, and theirs help out with large expenses. “I went to the army, I pay my taxes, I feel like I'm doing everything right,” they said. ”It's really frustrating. I just can't see us managing on our own.”
Photograph by Dan Materna/MAFRA/isifa/Getty.
Stephane Medot knows a thing or two about Belgian prisons. They spent 10 years in them. Arrested for carrying out more than a dozen armed bank robberies, the stocky, bald-headed Medot moved from prison to prison, from one cell of their own to another, until they served out their time.
Along the way, they got a front-row seat in a prison system that has become a breeding ground for violent Muslim extremists. Many of those involved in the Paris and Brussels attacks first did short stints behind bars for relatively petty crimes. And there these wayward young people met proselytizers and appear to have acquired a new, lethal sense of purpose.
A Belgian prison is where Abdelhamid Abaaoud, who helped plan the Paris attacks and who was killed in a police raid in November, met Salah Abdeslam, an alleged Paris attacker who was captured in Brussels this month. Salah's brother Brahim, who blew themselves up in Paris, also served time.
Two of the suicide bombers in the Brussels attacks last week, brothers Ibrahim and Khalid el-Bakraoui, had spent time in Belgian prisons for violent offenses that included armed robbery and carjacking.
Medot, now 37, said that from prison to prison, the routine they witnessed was similar. Proselytizing prisoners used exercise hours and small windows in their cells to swap news, copies of the Koran and small favors such as illicit cellphones. Gradually, they won over impressionable youths and taught them to stop drinking and start thinking about perceived injustices such as the invasion of Iraq, the plight of Palestinians or the treatment of their own immigrant families.
The prison guards, who could not understand Arabic, had a “laissez-faire attitude,” they said, and did nothing to stop the pulsating music or political discussions.
“If you're not a Muslim, you feel the need to adapt to the rules,” said Medot, who is not Muslim. When the hour for prayer arrived, everyone was asked to turn off televisions so as not to disturb the faithful.
For the past year, Belgium's Ministry of Justice has been planning to change a prison system widely seen as a school for radicals. It is creating two isolated areas, each with room for 20 people, at Hasselt and Ittre prisons for the most radical inmates. At the moment, said ministry spokesperson Sieghild Lacoere, only five inmates clearly qualify. The segregation is set to begin April 11.
{snip}
The ministry also said it would improve living conditions in the overcrowded prisons. Belgium has about 11,000 prisoners, ­Lacoere said, of whom 20 to 30 percent are Muslims, even though Muslims make up only about 6 percent of the population.
{snip}
But Medot said that the government's plan to isolate radicals won't work. Who will decide which prisoners are too radical to stay with other detainees? Won't they become even more radical in isolation? And what will happen to them when their sentences run out?
Lacoere said the Justice Ministry's plan includes hiring more experts to “de-radicalize” inmates. They said guards will get special training. They said isolating the radicals isn't the same as abandoning them; they will get more intensive attention, they said.
Still, they acknowledged, there will be difficult issues. “There is not a lot of knowledge in the academic world on this de-radicalization. It's a very hard topic to talk about,” they said. “It's about influencing people's ideas, and there's freedom of speech and thought in our country.”
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
A strike and blockade action has started the 16 by the association representing Sicilian truck drivers (Associazione Imprese Autotrasportatori Siciliani) and soon collected support and spread among fishermen, farmers, builders, unemployed and other categories.
The action is now called “Operazione Vespri Siciliani”. Sicilian Vespers was a rebellion that broke out on the Easter of 1282 against the rule of the French/Angevin king Charles I (curiously, “operazione vespri siciliani” was also the name of a years long police operation against the mafia during the Nineties). Its ralling cry is “Fermo Sicilia” (Sicily Blockade). The protest has been organized by the variegated “Movimento dei Forconi” (Pitchforks Movement) and it is intended to last until january 20, and possibly more if their demands won't be answered.
The Sicilian truck drivers blocked entrances and exits of the ports in Pozzallo and Catania and roads and motorways in Palermo, other groups and citizens have occupied railways and started several parades on the island. The main asset blocked is the fuel traffic from the island refineries: in Sicily is produced the 50% of italian fuel. The 17, second day of protests, fuel shortage is spreading, mostly in the island big towns. In Gela, the blockade gained the solidarity of the refinery workers, who joined the protest demanding jobs and investment. The protest has been mainly non-violent as of now (the 17), although there have been some incidents: in Lentini a stallholder stabbed a protester in an attempt to break a block and in Santa Flavia a train almost caused a massacre at an occupied railstation (luckily, no one was injuried). Fearing goods shortage, supermarket have been overcrowded since days, as with the fuel stations. Some ships had to stop in the ports because of the truckers strike. Latest news report of the protest and blockade spreading to the near Calabria. There are not reported cases of clash with police.
Composition and claims of the protest
The main gripe of truck drivers is the price of fuel which they believe has reached “unsustainable levels”, as the cost to transport goods is greater than the cost of the actual product; the same concern is shared by every other category, and particularly felt by fishermen. The related claim is the lowering of the high fuel taxes. AIAS president Giuseppe Richichi said he's “satisfied” about how the protest is going and for the “spontaneous” support it obtained. Other unions are not backing the protest: FAI (Federation of Italian road transport) and Cna-Fita (Federation of craftsmen transport) said that they are contrary to a local struggle which risks isolating and damage the economy of the island, and because of its “political nature” which is not substantial with the category “real problems”. Also the Italian Farmers Confederation (CIA) fears damages for the local economy, but a lot of farmers are supporting and joined the blockade with their tractors.
But protest organization, composition and demands present themselves as much wider than these claims. The Pitchforks Movement was born last summer, during the visit to Sicily of the agricolture ministry. Among its leaders and founders, there are: Martino Morsello, ex-socialist and “unlucky” business person; Mariano Ferro of MPA (Movement for the Autonomy, a Sicilian center-right party – the Sicilian governor's party); and Giuseppe Scarlata, ex Christian Democrats supporter, which bravely states “once we were against mafia, now the enemy is the State”. A new grassroots, Forza d'Urto (Shock Force) linked to the truck drivers, is born too a month ago, at the encounter of the Pitchforks with Giuseppe Richichi, and animates the action within the Pitchforks. Among their slogans and bywords we find “Away with this political class, as we made ​​with the French, with Vespers” and “All the Sicilians unite to free Sicily from the bondage of this political class”. Calls for more indipendence from the central government go along with hopes to spread the revolt to the whole Country. The pitchforks, brandished with pride, are the symbols of the protesters determination, against corruption and political deafness, against Monti and ECB politics, and “for dignity”. Requests for the Sicily governor Raffaele Lombardo to resign have been made, as several sit-in beset the institutions buildings. Many of the protesters don't esitate to call for a revolution, and some already refer to the protest as such. The final phrase of the movement manifesto (in Sicilian dialect) says: “Si' un omu camina calatu torci la schina, se un populu torci la storia” (If a man walk bent, they fold their back, if the people walk it folds history). Another common grievance is for the initial general media silence on what's happening.
Political support and backing
The Pitchforks Movement self-declares itself as “non-political” and “against party politcs”, while many observers have denounced the presence of far-right and neo-fascists organizations and parties within or in support of it. After the second day of protest the biggest italian parties, instead, have yet to make statements about it, and are ignoring the events. Among the few exceptions, Italia dei Valori, an ideologically vague political party for “values” and “honesty”, historically allied of the centre-left, which has declared its support to the “peaceful Pitchforks”; and La Padania, newspaper of the xenophobic and north-indipendentist party Lega Nord, is, only apparently unexpected (given its historical hatred for the southies, but also their claims of separatism) the only one major newspaper to show support and report the news on its first page.
But, as mentioned before, lacking others, the worrisome political presence is another one. Forza Nuova (New Force), a neofascist movement and party, has showed full support to the Pitchforks, with the words of its leader Roberto Fiore, claiming that this is only the first stage of a forthcoming Italian “revolution”. A few Forza Nuova representatives have taken part in the parades with their banners and a local leader spoke to the Pitchforks some weeks ago. Moreover, according to some observers, this is not just the classical “fascist infiltration”. Morsello Martino, the Pitchforks spokesperson and somehow “leader” and one of the founders of its inner movement Forza d'Urto (Shock Force), would be a seignioragist and the father of Antonella Morsello, fascist and Forza Nuova affiliate, with whom organized a seignioragist meeting, just in a Forza Nuova centre. Another shifty backing comes from Maurizio Zamparini, president of Palermo soccer club and recently founder of “Movimento per la Gente” (Movement for the People) a populist propaganda organ against Equitalia (the private agency that collects unpayed taxes in Italy, object of widespread hate and Forza Nuova “symbolic” attacks, and also victim of several letter bombs in the last few months).
Also Beppe Grillo, leader of the previously covered Movimento 5 Stelle, stated support for the Pitchforks, not without condescending to some anti-unitarian and south-indipendentist rhetoric. Curiously, they also directed their populism against Equitalia lately, going as far as being apologetic about the letter bombings. At this quite gloomy panorama one should add the myriad of little and minuscule far-right groups, “think-tank”, facebook and Twitter clicktivists, crypto-fascist web pages, all of them perkily enthusiastic about the Pitchforks.
The heavy silence of the major left organizations is, on the other hand, broken only by the asks for clarification by many indipendent observers and other political activists. At this need the almost only answer by the Pitchforks is the above mentioned claim of non-political and non-party nature of the movement, which completely ignores the point about the (crypto)fascists' support. Some of those observers already started to call for boycotting the protest for good, while two Palermo left social centers, which are partecipating in the Pitchfork movement, warned about being high hat and early judgmental: “their [the fascists'] play” they say “is just what they always try to do, nothing new. We stand with the Pitchforks because it's a legitimate, popular and wide participated struggle, which needs good contents. We're not afraid of getting our hands dirty doing that.”
Phoenix Jones , the real life superhero who patrols the streets of the Seattle area and leads the legion of crime fighters known as the Rain City Superhero Movement, has made a startling announcement which affects us all.
As of today, May 29th, Phoenix Jones has disbanded the Rain City Superhero Movement. While Jones is not entirely forthcoming as to their reasons for dissolving the group, they did provide some details.
Please note: when Phoenix Jones writes, they do so in all capital letters (just like the text in a comic book.)
I REALLY THOUGHT THAT HAVING A LARGE GROUP OF CIVILIAN CRIME FIGHTERS WAS A GOOD IDEA... I WAS WRONG. IT TAKES A CERTAIN TYPE OF PERSON TO DO THIS JOB CORRECTLY, AND UNFORTUNATELY, I HAVE INSPIRED, WORKED WITH, AND EVEN TAUGHT SOME OF THE WRONG KINDS OF PEOPLE. AS OF TODAY, THE RAIN CITY SUPERHERO MOVEMENT IS OVER."
While the Rain City Superhero Movement is no more, Phoenix Jones maintains they will continue to fight crime and serve the citizens of the Seattle area.
Photo: AP
Despite their dogged pursuit of conspiracy theories about President Barack Obama's birth certificate, Maricopa County, Ariz., Sheriff Joe Arpaio isn't encouraging Mitt Romney to champion the cause of the so-called "birther" movement during Wednesday night's presidential debate.
According to a spokesperson, Arpaio -- who last year appointed a "cold case posse" to inspect Obama's birth certificate and in March held a press conference at which they declared the document "a computer-generated forgery" -- doesn't think debate moderators should broach the topic either.
"Sheriff Joe Arpaio says they do not feel it is appropriate to advise Mr. Romney on what questions to pose to the president during this important debate," said spokesperson Lisa Allen. Asked if Arpaio would like moderators to inquire about the birth certificate, Allen merely responded, "No."
Arpaio's non-advocacy is unusual for the boisterous, tough-on-crime law enforcement boss. After Obama released their long-form Hawaii birth certificate in April 2011, Arpaio became a champion of the "birther" movement, whose members insist that Obama was born abroad and thus is ineligible to be president of the United States. Arpaio called on Congress to initiate its own probe of Obama's birthplace.
In their March press conference announcing the result of their posse's investigation, Arpaio alleged that two felonies -- "forgery and fraud" -- had been committed and said that "those responsible, whoever they are, should be brought to justice."
"I can't let it die, we have evidence," Arpaio told an audience of skeptical reporters. "We have quite a bit more information."
One reason for Arpaio's uncharacteristic caution before tonight's debate may be that a question about the issue could force Romney to deliver a highly public rebuke to the movement, rather than provide more ammunition for birthers. Romney has repeatedly said they believe Obama was born in the United States.
Steven Nelson writes for U.S News & World Report. Follow them on Twitter.
The 1-on-1 sessions were competitive and sometimes combative, but they played a vital part in each player realizing their future potential. For Joseph that meant playing forward, and for Michael it was all about defending and making sure their brother was denied an easy scoring opportunity.
PLYMOUTH, Mich. -- Forward Joseph Anderson can still recall the days of going toe-to-toe against their younger brother, defenseman Michael Anderson, on their backyard rink in Roseville, Minnesota.
"It all kind of started on that backyard rink even before we started playing organized hockey," Joseph said. "I was bigger, stronger and always had the puck, so they had to figure out ways to get puck away from me and not allow me to score. They have a special defensive ability, they were gifted at it."
The Anderson brothers are at it again this week, playing for the United States at the World Junior Summer Showcase at USA Hockey Arena. Joseph, 19, is playing right wing for USA White; Michael, 18, is playing defense for USA Blue. The first round of cuts by USA Hockey is scheduled for Wednesday morning.
[RELATED: Top prospects look to impress at World Junior Summer Showcase | World Junior Summer Showcase preview]
Michael remembers how their father, Gerry, would spend hours perfecting the rink.
"We always had a small little patio in the backyard that they would flood," Michael said. "As we got older it got bigger, and by the time we were 10 the whole backyard was the rink. That rink kind of taught us to love the game and have fun with it."
It also toughened them up.
"I just could never get the puck from [Joseph] so I kind of learned how to defend while they were busy trying to skate around me," Michael said. "It led to some good battles growing up."
The Andersons hope to become to first brothers to represent the United States National Junior Team since Peter and Chris Ferraro during the 1993 IIHF World Junior Championship.
Joseph (5-foot-11, 202 pounds), a sophomore at the University of Minnesota-Duluth, won a gold medal at the 2017 WJC and hopes for a repeat performance at the 2018 WJC in Buffalo. They were selected by the New Jersey Devils in the third round (No. 73) of the 2016 NHL Draft.
Michael (5-11, 197), who will join their brother at Minnesota-Duluth this season, was chosen by the Los Angeles Kings in the fourth round (No. 103) of the 2017 draft.
"Our personalities are different, but even though we play different positions, we play a similar game," Joseph said. "We're not flashy. He's gritty, smart and deceptive and knows when to make the right play."
Michael believes their older brother has the edge in speed but that they play a more physical game.
"In some ways, we're very comparable with our work ethic and compete level, but I'd say he's a little faster," Michael said. "I'd say my stick is just as good, if not better than his."
Joseph finished second among rookies in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference with 37 points (12 goals, 25 assists), and was tied for second in scoring for Minnesota-Duluth despite being its youngest player. They earned a top-line role for the United States alongside Arizona Coyotes prospect Clayton Keller and Ottawa Senators prospect Colin White at the 2017 WJC, finishing with two assists in seven games.
"Joey is expected to provide offense as a wing at Duluth," NCAA hockey analyst Dave Starman said, "but in the World Junior tournament they had to play a support role for two high-end offensive guys and was able to play that puck-retrieval role where they were good enough defensively to allow those guys to really push the envelope offensively.
"I thought it was an incredible performance by him. He's probably one of my top five players in college hockey heading into 2017-18."
Michael, 18, who had 34 points (five goals, 29 assists) in 54 games in their second season with Waterloo of the United States Hockey League, likes the fact their brother can play in all situations.
"His consistency and the fact he's very reliable are key parts to their game," they said. "Joey's overall compete level is off the charts. I think that's what really separates them from other players.
"So long as they continue to do what they do, I see no reason why they shouldn't be with the New Jersey Devils soon."
Joseph, who left a good impression at Devils development camp earlier this month, is confident in their game and that they can play more of a leadership role if he's selected to play for the United States in the WJC.
"Joey is a relentless, tireless worker, with more skill than people give them credit for," Devils director of amateur scouting Paul Castron said.
HTC may have failed with its flagship efforts last year, but the mid-range One A9 heralded a new era of design for the Taiwanese manufacturer. This year, the company has its sights set firmly on the flagship market, and today we're hearing that the new HTC One M10 could launch in the US in early May.
The One M10 was initially expected to make its debut at MWC 2016 in ten days' time but recent rumours first suggested, a launch in March, before the current plans for an announcement in London on April 11th leaked into the wild. Today's rumour comes from perennial tipster evleaks, who has a long track record of accurate leaks and suggests we'll see the M10 hit retail stores across the US around May 9th.
What the One M10 will be called however, is another question: while HTC is expected to stick with the One branding for its new flagship, the “M10” moniker is expected to make way for another, as yet unknown, moniker. The company could potentially stick with the M-branding but with the premium model for Asia – the One X9 – using the X-branding, we could yet see the company move away from the M naming convention.
The One M10 is rumoured to look similar to the One A9 and is expected to sport a 5.1-inch QHD AMOLED display and a 12MP Ultrapixel camera with Optical Image Stabilisation and laser autofocus. It will run Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with Sense 8 on top and will be powered by a Snapdragon 820 in Europe or an unspecified MediaTek chipset if you're in Asia.
On paper the specs list certainly sounds impressive enough to pose a real threat to devices from Samsung and LG but do you think the One M10 is enough for HTC to realise its comeback aims? What do you think the handset will be named when it launches and are you planning to buy one? Let us know your views in the comments below!
The late French scholar Pierre Bourdieu once said that the tragedy of the Palestinians is that their oppressors are the victims of Europe, which led them to call the Palestinians "the victims of the victims".
For Bourdieu, as for many European and American intellectuals who may be inclined to support the Palestinian struggle against oppression, the "tragic question" is "how to choose between the victims of racist violence par excellence and the victims of these victims?" The answer, of course, should be simple, namely that one should always stand with Jews as victims of European anti-Semitic violence and stand with Palestinians as victims of Jewish racist violence. There is no choice to be made between the two: The first position must lead to the second. Alas, many find this point difficult to grasp.
Over the last century and a quarter, many European and Euro-American Jewish intellectuals have come to recognise the oppressiveness of Zionist and Israeli Jews towards the Palestinians and have taken public positions that criticise Zionist and Israeli conduct and defend the Palestinians. This Jewish dissent began with Zionism itself.
Today the Palestinians are the Jews of the Israelis. -Primo Levi, holocaust survivor
Zionist brutality
If Ahad Ha'Am recognised the brutality of European Jewish colonial settlers to the Palestinian peasants in the late 19th century, Judith Butler condemns this on-going brutality towards all Palestinians at present. In their recent book, Parting Ways: Jewishness and the Critique of Zionism, which discusses Jewish critiques and criticisms of state violence, and of Zionism and Israel, Butler speaks of the difficulty encountered by Italian holocaust survivor Primo Levi when they criticised Israel during its 1982 invasion of Lebanon, and when they demanded that Menachem Begin and Ariel Sharon resign from office. Levi had declared: "Today, the Palestinians are the Jews of the Israelis."
While Israeli Jews were slaughtering Palestinians and the Lebanese, anti-Semitic Italians scribbled racist slogans on the walls of Levi's town, which alarmed them as it did other Jewish critics of Israel. Butler writes that, "This was an untenable situation, and it produced a conflict: Could they continue to elaborate those principles derived from their experience of Auschwitz to condemn state violence without contributing to an anti-Semitic seizure of the event?"
The answer is straightforward of course, namely, that any condemnation of Israeli Jewish brutality in a European context should always contextualise it in the history of European political power, and contrast it with the situation when European Jews had no such power in Europe and were subject to European Christian brutality and genocide. The way to counter the European anti-Semites is precisely to show that Zionist and Israeli Jewish brutality is not on account of the Jewishness of the perpetrators, but on account of their holding power to brutalise another population and act out their racist colonial violence against them. This is not unlike when European Christians oppressed Jews, as they did not do so because they were Christians but on account of the anti-Semites amongst them holding power to act out their genocidal anti-Semitism on Jews.
Recognising Israel's constant invocation of the holocaust to justify its colonial crimes against the Palestinians, Butler adds, "If we say that the Holocaust is deployed for the purposes of justifying brutal (Israeli) state and military actions, we must also say that the Holocaust is not reducible to this (Zionist and Israeli) deployment, that it devalues and effaces the specific suffering and political challenge of the Holocaust to make such a reduction."
One should not be able to speak about the holocaust without condemning Israeli and Zionist crimes either.
Justifying brutality
I agree with Butler's understanding here but would want to add that as Zionism and Israel and their international supporters have invoked and continue to invoke the holocaust as much to condemn Nazi crimes as to justify Israeli Jewish crimes, we must be vigilant in dealing with this constitutive coupling, which emerges with every Zionist and Israeli invocation of the holocaust.
Thus, it seems to me that if one cannot criticise Israel's use of the holocaust without condemning anti-Semitism at the same time, lest the anti-Semites use one's criticisms to justify their rhetorical or physical attacks on Jews, it stands to reason that given the history of the use of the holocaust to justify Israeli and Zionist crimes, one should not be able to speak about the holocaust without condemning Israeli and Zionist crimes either, lest one's invocation of the holocaust be used by Zionists to justify their on-going crimes against the Palestinians.
To speak of the holocaust (which, through Israeli exploitation does not exist only as a memory of the Nazi genocide, but is always presented as an argument justifying past and present Jewish colonial violence in Palestine) without condemning Israeli Jewish crimes, I contend, "devalues and effaces the specific suffering and political challenge" of the on-going colonialism to which Palestinians remain subject.
It is Israel's exploitation of the holocaust that has made it incumbent not only on Jewish critics of Israel, like Butler, but on all critics of racist and colonial oppression, to always be alert to address Palestinian suffering when they speak of Jewish suffering. It is Israel, after all, that justifies Palestinian suffering by invoking Jewish suffering.
In response, Israel's critics and opponents must show solidarity with Palestinian suffering at the hands of Zionists and Israeli Jews by invoking their solidarity with Jewish suffering at the hands of anti-Semites. At the same time, they must show solidarity with Jewish suffering at the hands of anti-Semites by invoking their solidarity with Palestinian suffering at the hands of Zionists and Israeli Jews. Butler's example shows that this should not be difficult for anyone with a serious commitment to end colonial, racial, and religious oppression.
Joseph Massad is Associate Professor of Modern Arab Politics and Intellectual History at Columbia University.
The powerful Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Face of the Enemy" debuted on February 8, 1993 -- or 24 years ago today. The episode, with Troi suddenly arising from a restless sleep only to discover that she's been transformed to look like a Romulan officer and transported aboard a Romulan warbird, proved to be one Marina Sirtis's finest hours on TNG. Check out some facts, figures and anecdotes about "Face of the Enemy"...
Stardate 46519.1
The events of the episode started on Stardate 46519.1.
The Sixth Season
"Face of the Enemy" was the 14th episode of TNG's sixth season.
The Story
Naren Shankar wrote the teleplay, based on a story by Rene Echeverria.
The Spy
According to Memory Alpha, per the Star Trek: The Next Generation Companion, "Originally, Doctor Crusher was to be the crewmember kidnapped, but this was changed when the staff realized that Troi's empathic abilities would be more suitable for espionage. A similar The Hunt for Red October-style premise had been previously rejected before the staff convinced Rick Berman to give it a try."
A Star Trek First
Gabrielle Beaumont directed "Face of the Enemy," in the process becoming the first woman to direct Star Trek. Beaumont, at the time, was married to the late actor Olaf Pooley, who later guest starred in the Voyager hour, "Blink of an Eye," directed by Beaumont. They also directed six other episodes of TNG and one episode of Deep Space Nine.
Worf's New Coif
Ladies and gentlemen, introducing... Worf's ponytail.
Another Scott MacDonald Character
Scott MacDonald, who played N'Vek, previously portrayed Tosk in DS9's "Captive Pursuit" and later played Ensign Rollins in Voyager's "Caretaker," Goran'Agar in DS9's "Hippocratic Oath" and as Dolim in several episodes of Enterprise.
You Are No Longer Deanna Troi
Memorable line of dialogue #1: "Listen to me carefully," N'Vek told Troi. "You are no longer Deanna Troi. You are Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar – the Imperial intelligence."
Linville's Possible Return
Also per Memory Alpha, "Shankar had suggested casting Joanne Linville to reprise their role as the Romulan Commander from TOS: 'The Enterprise Incident.' However, Linville was not available."
Taris, Yale & Now Toreth
Carolyn Seymour, the British actor who played Commander Toreth, had earlier guest starred on TNG as Sub-Commander Taris in "Contagion" and Mirasta Yale in "First Contact." They went on to appear as Mrs. Templeton in the Voyager hours "Cathexis" and "Persistence of Vision."
I'll Have You Ejected Into Space
Memorable dialogue #2: "We're not playing it your way anymore, N'Vek!" Troi said. "I have been kidnapped, surgically altered, put in danger! I've gone along with all your plans. Now you are going to listen to me! You find a way to let the Enterprise track us, or I will go to Toreth and tell them I've discovered you're a traitor! I'll have you ejected into space! Is that clear, Sub-Commander?!"
The US National Park Service's Twitter accounts have been tweeting out climate facts, a move many on Twitter have labeled an act of resistance towards the Donald Trump administration, which is busy deciding whether or not to take down a federal climate change website.
It's no wonder, either: The National Park Service approaches the problem of climate change like the Department of Defense might take on a suspected military threat: With sober, calculated scenario planning.
The agency has had an “adaptation” team for climate change since around 2012, which has taken on scenario planning as a central tool. The special task force is staffed with federal-level “adaptation ecologists,” a very new job title, who work to plot out possible vulnerabilities for individual parks in a climate-changed future.
Scenario planning is a tool used by the military to prepare for even the most seemingly outlandish scenarios if they may have devastating effects—like, for example, Russia launching nuclear weapons during the Cold War. It's also a tactic used by energy giants, most notably Shell, who make large-scale, high-risk decisions that project far out into the future about investing in fossil fuel deposits that may never pay off, or pay off wildly well. They model for different energy demand scenarios, political climates, and unpredictable environmental shifts. “Scenarios give us lenses that help us see future prospects more clearly, make richer judgements and be more sensitive to uncertainties,” the head of one of Shell's “scenarios” divisions said. That's more or less exactly how the Park Service approaches climate change, too.
While climate change is undisputedly happening, the effects it will have on the hyper local level—will it rain more, or less in Badlands National Park in the next fifty years?—are wildly unpredictable. In short, scenario planning is about about managing for a full spectrum of plausible scenarios rather than just averaging for the middle, which is bound to miss the mark when serious climate change effects do come to pass. And it's a novel idea when it comes to climate change, putting the National Park Service on the cutting edge.
In other words, it isn't surprising that the National Park Service is coming out strong on climate change, despite the Trump administration's anti-climate-science stance. They've been doing it all along.
THE “Invasion Day” rally in Sydney today erupted into violence with a police officer hospitalised and protesters sprayed with a fire extinguisher after a man tried to set light to a flag.
The predominantly peaceful protest turned violent at one point when several police officers tackled as they tried to set light to an Australian Flag, Buzzfeed reported.
A young woman was also injured as police shoved demonstrators to the ground during the clash just after 1pm in Ultimo.
“A participant allegedly ignited a flag within the crowd,” a NSW Police spokesperson told news.com.au. “Officers used a fire extinguisher to put the fire out a short time later to ensure the safety of other protesters.
“A brief struggle ensued following the incident during which an officer was injured. They have been taken to hospital for assessment. A woman who was participating in the march also sustained minor injuries.”
They said the woman was treated at the scene but was also taken to hospital as a precaution
“A 20-year-old man was arrested and taken to Redfern Police Station where they continue to assist police with their inquiries.”
media_camera Police clash with protesters, spraying a fire extinguisher after a male activist tried to set fire to a flag. Picture: Justin Lloyd
media_camera Police shoved demonstrators to the ground as chaos broke out at the Sydney march this afternoon. Picture: Justin Lloyd
media_camera A police officer and a young woman were injured during the skirmish and taken to hospital. Picture: Justin Lloyd
media_camera An injured woman lies on the ground after they were pushed by a NSW police officer during the march. Picture: Ian Paterson
media_camera The injured woman is loaded on to a stretcher. Picture: Ian Paterson
They said the march had ended and it was an “isolated incident” during an otherwise peaceful protest.
Thousands of demonstrators marched through the city on Australia Day, to protest against the treatment of Aboriginal people and the celebration of Australia Day on January 26 because it marked a “day of killing” rather than the birth of a nation.
The crowd, many draped in Aboriginal flags, gathered at The Block in Redfern for speeches denouncing the celebration of the arrival of the First Fleet in 1788.
“It is a national disgrace to have a holiday on Australia Day — a day which marked the beginning of genocide”, organiser Dave Bell told the crowd.
Ken Canning, one of the organisers of the Invasion Day rally, said people were waking up to the scam of Australia Day. Mr Canning said numbers joining the march had grown from 300 in 2015 to thousands this year.
“(Today) we'll have thousands marching with us under the banner of Invasion Day,” they said.
The Sydney Invasion Day rally just turned violent. pic.twitter.com/F66rQIJ292 — Allan Clarke (@AllanJClarke) January 26, 2017
Several police sprayed the crowd with substance and tackled a young man trying to set the flag on fire pic.twitter.com/0R5PVRI6XA — Allan Clarke (@AllanJClarke) January 26, 2017
Mr Canning said it was a scam to have a big celebration on January 26 when within two years of the arrival of the First Fleet, more than 70 per cent of the Eora people were killed by either disease or direct warfare.
“That is not a day to celebrate,” Mr Canning said to a cheering crowd. “This was an invasion and it's still going on today.”
Mr Canning said despite the debate about moving the date, they wouldn't choose any day to celebrate genocide.
“We've got to start looking at what is right or wrong in this country and it's totally wrong to celebrate the massacres of our people.”
Sydney Invasion Day Rallies Turn Violent as Protesters Clash With Police 1:01 Demonstrators and police clashed during an Invasion Day march in Sydney on January 26, when law enforcement reportedly tackled a protester trying to burn an Australian Flag. A BuzzFeed indigenous affairs journalist reported police officers sprayed crowds with a substance and tackled a young man who tried to set a flag on fire. Videos taken by witnesses show police trying to contain crowds, while protesters kick and throw objects at them. The uploaderâs video shows the same scene with protesters trying to placate other demonstrators. Credit: Twitter/@dangerfries via Storyful Sydney Invasion Day Rallies Turn Violent as Protesters Clash With Police
Speaking before the alleged flag-burning incident at the rally, they said “couldn't care less” about reports of a young activist burning the Australian flag and that it should be put in perspective. They said the death rate of Aboriginal people had doubled since the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody and there had also been an increase child being stolen since former prime minister Kevin Rudd's apology in 2008.
“If you want to criticise something, criticise that,” they said.
The rally was also supported by a Muslim family, introduced as Armed and Lydia, who said they stood in solidarity with the Aboriginal people but also recognised their own privilege as people who had benefited from the invasion of the country.
“It is so distressing that in Australia we can still have an argument about whether it's appropriate to celebrate massacres, rapes, forced removal of children, the dehumanisation of people,” Lydia said.
media_camera Thousands of protesters filled the streets of Sydney, many wearing the colours of the Aboriginal flag. Picture: Charis Chang/news.com.au
media_camera Kyol Blakeney said this was ‘a day of mourning'. Picture: Charis Chang/news.com.au
“That's not something that I want to celebrate and it's certainly not something that the Australian Muslim community wants to celebrate either.”
Armed agreed with Mr Canning that Australia Day should be cancelled. They said there should be proper reconciliation first and a treaty with the Aboriginal people before any talk about a new date. “There's a lot that needs to be fixed before we have a date,” they said.
Greens NSW MLC David Shoebridge pointed out that it was a “young crowd” that had turned up for the rally and a crowd that was “talking about the future”.
“This is a crowd that coming in solidarity and being honest about our history,” they said.
They backed calls from other speakers that people should continue to come out in support of Aboriginal people and future rallies including one planned for February 13.
They also pointed out that Aboriginal kids in NSW were being taken from their families at more than five times the rate they were before the Bringing them Home report, and more than double the rate before Mr Rudd said sorry about The Stolen Generation.
“It's not a thing of the past,” they said.
Huge turnout for the #InvasionDay2017 protest in Melbourne. pic.twitter.com/bqAzDGXR8A — Denham Sadler (@denhamsadler) January 26, 2017
"Australia is a racist regime" say protesters outside Parliament House, rejecting plans for constitutional recognition #InvasionDay2017 pic.twitter.com/4pGeB2oC4w — Belinda Merhab (@belinda_merhab) January 26, 2017
Kyol Blakeney told news.com.au that they came to the rally because they didn't think Australia Day was anything to celebrate.
“It's a day of mourning for our people,” they said.
“The colonial assimilation, stolen children and over representation in prison are still continuing, while housing education and life expectancy are still huge issues.”
They're moving Australia Day would be pointless if the mentality of the nation didn't change with it.
“Otherwise it will be as useless to us as the (Mr Rudd's) apology was.”
Thousands also gathered at Parliament House in Melbourne and outside the Queensland parliament in Brisbane ahead of the annual “Invasion Day” march.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister made it clear they did not support such views, insisting the date should stay as it is, as hundreds gathered at the entrance of Parliament House in Canberra to call for an Aboriginal treaty.
“It is a debate everyone is entitled to have, but it is not a change the government supports,” Malcolm Turnbull told reporters in Canberra.
Passionate words from Ken Canning about why Australia Day is #InvasionDay2017 'it's not a day to celebrate' pic.twitter.com/c6hvQib4Yl — Charis Chang (@CharisChang2) January 26, 2017
Hundreds turn up for Invasion Day rallies at The Block in Redfern pic.twitter.com/p60wUXNP27 — Charis Chang (@CharisChang2) January 26, 2017
Barnaby Joyce told 2GB radio this was a day of celebration. “I'm just sick of these people who every time they want to make us feel guilty about it. They don't like Christmas, they don't like Australia Day, they're just miserable ... and I wish they'd crawl under a rock and hide for a little bit.”
Former coalition cabinet minister Ian Macfarlane said they believe March 1 would be a better day to celebrate, saying it is not about pleasing people but uniting Australians.
This would commemorate the date after federation in 1901 that the first Commonwealth government began taking control of many of the functions formerly exercised by the colonies.
“Not all of us feel the same way about that date,” they told the Australian Unity's Great Australia Day Breakfast in Melbourne.
They said they were not known as a bleeding heart, but for the first time in their 25 years of public life is making what some might call “bleeding-heart comments”.
“It's about healing a wound, drawing a line, getting on with the really important issues facing our indigenous communities,” they added.
— With wires
Originally published as Violence at ‘Invasion Day' protest
LG Electronics has launched its namesake mobile payment service in its home country, the company announced.
LG Pay will be available on the firm's latest flagship phone, the G6, in South Korea via a software upgrade. It will later be made available on LG's other phones.
The service works like a credit card and allows the smartphone to be used on magnetic readers, LG said.
LG Pay will support Shinhan, KB Kookmin, BC, and Lotte cards. All credit cards in South Korea will be supported by September.
It has fingerprint recognition and, as LG previously announced, has one-time-password security.
The company has been working on the mobile payment system since 2015.
It was expected to launch last year, possibly in a universal White Card format, but was again delayed.
It reportedly faced cancellation earlier this year after plans to launch it with the G6 were scrapped.
The mobile payment market is already saturated by Samsung Pay, Apple Pay, and Android Pay, among others.
More and more people are beginning to speak out for gay rights and for the understanding of gay and lesbian people by the church.
Last week we featured “The Bible Tells Me So. Oh Really? Part 1” This week, Ross Lonergan looks at how the church's treatment of gay people can contribute to depression, family break-ups and even suicide.
When they were away at college, Anna wrote to their mother and told them that they were gay. Mary Lou reacted to this news by first going to the bathroom and throwing up and “then just going completely underground, not telling anybody and being ashamed and embarrassed.” They wrote their daughter back and told them “some things…that were not very loving.”
This is part of what they wrote: “Undoubtedly the most difficult part of your letter is the gay thing. I will never accept that in you. I feel it's a terrible waste, besides being spiritually and morally wrong. For a reason I don't quite fathom I have a harder time dealing with that issue than almost anything in the world. I do and will continue to love you, but I will always hate that.”
Mary Lou thought their daughter's sexuality was a choice and that “she needed to just get their act together and stop this.”
The letter caused an irreparable break between daughter and mother. Ten months later, before there could be any reconciliation, Mary Lou's daughter took their own life by hanging themselves from the bar in their bedroom closet.
The death of their daughter led Mary Lou to question what they had been taught by their church—that being gay was a choice, for example—and to begin to research the subject of homosexuality for herself.
What they learned was this: “…instead of taking the Bible literally, I have to take it in the context and culture of the day in which it was written.” They have since become an activist for the advancement of gay rights and for the understanding of gay and lesbian people by the church.
Jorge Valencia of the Trevor Project Suicide Hotline says, “It's estimated that every five hours an LGBT teen takes their life, and for every teen that takes their or their own life, there are twenty more who try. One of the top five reasons why teenagers call us is for religious reasons. They're feeling there isn't a place for them and God.”
And Reverend Jimmy Creech of Faith in America says, “The church, because of its teachings that homosexuality is sinful, is wrong, is a perversion, has created the climate in which gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered children growing up feel very much in conflict with the world in which they live. It really shapes their thinking so that they hate themselves, so that they internalize this judgment and condemnation.”
In The Bible Tells Me So, a number of clergy members, including biblical scholars like Reverend Peter J. Gomes of Harvard Divinity School, stress the wisdom and importance of reading the Bible in the context of the period and culture in which it was written. They point out, for example, that the famous prohibition against homosexuality in Leviticus—“If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination. They shall be put to death. Their blood is upon them”—does not exist in isolation from other abominations: eating shrimp, planning two different seeds in the same hole, co-mingling crops, eating a rabbit, and so on.
Moreover, biblical scholarship has determined that in the Hebrew Bible the word abomination “is always used to address a ritual wrong. It never is used to refer to something innately immoral. Eating pork was not innately immoral for a Jew, but it was an abomination because it was a violation of a ritual requirement.”
It is not a stretch to say that selective reading of the Bible, as a constitution, led to the tragic death of Mary Lou Wallner's daughter and has led to the deaths of many other young people. It has also resulted in closeted lives of fear, self-loathing, and confusion for countless numbers of LGBT teenagers who do not take their own lives. In this age of information, where the truth of both scripture and homosexuality are readily available, the choice of pastors and laypersons to not only remain ignorant but to preach in ignorance is, in the sense of the word as they so like to use it, an abomination.
In A New Kind of Christianity, Brian McLaren suggests an alternative metaphor for the Bible; their suggestion is that we think of the Bible as a library, which is “a collection of documents.” Their rationale for the use of this metaphor is that “in a good library you want to present all sides of an issue. A good library preserves key arguments; a good constitution eliminates all arguments.”
A library is a sacred place of ideas. For every argument you find there, you will find a counter-argument, made with the same intelligence, with the same love for truth as the first. This interplay of ideas promotes growth—spiritual, intellectual, and emotional. If we can see the Bible as a library rather than as a constitution, Christian churches and Christian families might begin to have respectful and loving conversations that include the LGBT members of those churches and those families and that allow them to be who they are.
If you have not seen The Bible Tells Me So, I highly recommend it. You can watch it on YouTube in nine parts.
Photo Credits
“No Way, Ken” Bobster855 @ Flickr.com. Creative Commons. Some Rights Reserved.
Recent Ross Lonergan Articles:
We hate to break it to the pumpkin purists out there, but that canned orange stuff you so lovingly scoop into pie shells every Thanksgiving is probably some other kind of squash dressed up as its gourd cousin.
“But the can says ‘100% pumpkin' right on it!” you may be exclaiming in outrage. It does, and it's totally allowed to, as MarketPlace pointed out in an August segment that's been making the rounds recently: The Food and Drug Administration doesn't make distinctions between pumpkins and its squash relatives, so food companies can slap whatever they want on the label.
“They're all in the same botanical family, and it's just a game of semantics,” Serious Eats senior editor Stella Parks told MarketPlace.
Indeed, the the FDA says canned “pumpkin” has been packed from either field pumpkin — Cucurbita pepo — or “certain varieties of firm-shelled, golden-fleshed, sweet squash (Cucurbita maxima), or mixtures of these. Pumpkin and squash are sometimes mixed intentionally to obtain the consistency most acceptable to users.”
To that end, the FDA notes that since 1938, the agency has “consistently advised canners that we would not initiate regulatory action solely because of their using the designation ‘pumpkin' or ‘canned pumpkin' on labels for articles prepared from golden-fleshed, sweet squash, or mixtures of such squash with field pumpkins.”
The FDA's views on mixed gourds probably won't change any time soon, as the FDA says the absence of evidence that this designation misleads or deceives consumers gives it no reason to revise its stance.
Hey, at least you've got something else to talk about with your family at the table this year.
Editor's Note: This article originally appeared on Consumerist.
AP The National Rifle Association's top lawyer, who has been instrumental in shaping gun policy in the U.S., was once convicted of murdering a woman in Indiana, according to an investigation by Mother Jones.
Robert J. Dowlut, general counsel for the NRA, reportedly admitted to police in 1963 that they killed their girlfriend's mother. They were 17 years old at the time. Dowlut reportedly led police to the graveyard where they buried the gun and also copped to attempting to rob a pawnshop the same night as the killing.
Bullets from the gun Dowlut unearthed at the graveyard matched those found at the site of Anna Marie Yocum's murder and at the pawnshop, according to Mother Jones.
A jury found Dowlut guilty of murder, but their conviction was later overturned because of shoddy police work during the investigation. Dowlut was reportedly arrested without a warrant and interrogated by police without a lawyer present despite their attorney's protest, according to court documents.
They never got a new trial.
After they were freed from prison, Dowlut went on to earn a law degree and work for the gun lobby.
Dave Gilson writes for Mother Jones:
As the NRA's top lawyer, they have been a key architect of the gun lobby's campaign to define the legal interpretation of the Second Amendment. They helped oversee the NRA's effort to strike down Chicago's handgun ban in the 2010 Supreme Court case McDonald v. Chicago, and they are the longtime secretary of the organization's Civil Rights Defense Fund, which has spent millions assisting gun owners in court and sponsoring gun rights researchers.
Despite their extensive work for the NRA and their high position within the organization, there is little trace of Dowlut online.
Mother Jones notes that Dowlut's past hasn't been made public before now. The whole story is worth a read.
Senator Edward Markey did little to vet claims of constituents they cited as victims of Herbalife sales practices.
WASHINGTON — Some of the most compelling details cited by Senator Edward J. Markey in their recent demand for a federal investigation into the Herbalife supplement sales company came from two unnamed Massachusetts residents, including the allegation that one family had “reported that it lost $130,000, including its entire 401(k).”
The stories formed the emotional backbone of Markey's assertion “that Herbalife's business practices may be having a negative impact on my constituents” in a letter demanding a Federal Trade Commission investigation.
But Markey and their staff did little to check out the allegations, according to Globe interviews with the two constituents. As a result, it appears Markey provided an incomplete story of their circumstances and may have overstated the financial losses they suffered at the hands of Herbalife.
Advertisement
Michael Araujo, a 60-year-old Norton resident, said the $130,000 cited by Markey is an inflated number that includes rent payments and other living expenses they incurred after they were laid off in 2010 from their job as a vice president of contract management at a bank. They said the senator's staff relied on information provided by their wife, who did not work on the business.
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“I think they exaggerates sometimes,” said Araujo, who did not speak with anyone on Markey's staff.
Herbalife announced this week that the FTC has launched an investigation into its sales practices, six weeks after Markey wrote their letter citing the plight of their constituents. Markey was the only US senator to seek action against Herbalife after an aggressive lobbying campaign by William A. Ackman, a hedge fund manager who has made a $1 billion stock-market bet that Herbalife will decline in value.
Ackman's efforts to persuade regulators and members of Congress to investigate Herbalife were detailed by The New York Times early this week, including their efforts to identify potential victims of Herbalife sales practices and put them in touch with regulators. The Times reported that Nevada's attorney general, Cortez Masto, declined requests from Ackman representatives and community groups to investigate the company because they could not produce any people who had been victimized.
Markey avoided a Globe reporter seeking an interview request for this article in a Capitol hallway — agreeing to sit down for an interview and then retreating to a back office.
Advertisement
Their spokesperson, Giselle Barry, would not say how Markey's office found the alleged victims.
Barry said Araujo's wife, Alice, gave Markey's staff the $130,000 figure in numerous phone conversations. In a statement, Barry said Markey was not vouching for the merits of complaints about Herbalife.
“In conducting oversight, the senator always is mindful of the feelings of victims and whistle-blowers, and the courage necessary to come forward and shine light on potential wrongdoing by powerful corporations,” they said. “Consistent with their approach to all their oversight responsibilities, Senator Markey takes no position on the merits of the allegations in this case, which is why they asked the FTC and SEC to look into whether consumers were being treated unfairly.”
Barry would not say if constituents came to Markey's office with complaints about Herbalife before their staff was lobbied by Ackman.
Araujo was an independent sales associate for Herbalife who ended their involvement with the company at the end of 2012. They said they believe Markey got their name from Ackman, the hedge fund manager who lobbied Markey to write the letters to federal regulators in late January.
Advertisement
Araujo said that before they heard from Markey, Ackman's representatives asked them to appear in a documentary the company is making about Herbalife's business practices, and they agreed. Representatives for Pershing Square Capital Management, Ackman's hedge fund, confirmed that Araujo would be in the video, which is due for release soon.
Asked if Ackman gave Markey's office contact information for Araujo, a Pershing spokesperson did not respond directly but said the firm responds “to all requests from policymakers and regulators who asked for identified victims.”
Herbalife said its records show that Araujo only spent $7,000 on the company's weight-loss and dietary supplements. Araujo did not dispute that figure. But they estimated that they spent an additional $80,000 or so on other Herbalife-related costs — including installing a business phone line, setting up a website, purchasing sales leads from other distributors, and traveling to eight Herbalife sales conferences, in New Jersey, Scottsdale, Ariz., and Las Vegas.
Alice Araujo, who had several conversations a few months ago with a Markey aide on behalf of their husband, said they aren't sure of the couple's losses.
“I don't know where people are getting $130,000 because I said about $80,000 — $60,000 to $80,000” they said in an interview Thursday.
In a subsequent interview on Friday, they said the figure is probably closer to $93,000, based on documents. They said they may have told Markey's staff in January phone calls that it might have been somewhere between $100,000 and $130,000, including loss of their 401(k).
“That was a ballpark figure, pulled out of my head, without having any information in front of me,” Alice Araujo said.
“I was willing to sit down with anybody to show them all these papers and documents and to have my husband explain this system to them, so they would have a better idea of what was being said,” they said.
“No one's had the time, really.”
Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat, never requested family bank statements or receipts, they said, nor did their staff check with Herbalife.
The second Markey constituent involved with Herbalife is a Walpole woman who did not wish to be identified by the Globe. In an interview, they said they lost about $300 on Herbalife before they quit the program. Markey's letter said they were pressured to recruit family members as sales agents for Herbalife, but they made no mention of the small financial loss suffered by the woman.
The woman said in an interview that they joined Herbalife about five or six years ago. They said they had never heard from Ackman or their representative and does not know how Markey's office got them name.
Markey said in their letters to regulators that the woman “was encouraged to stay in the program even after they wanted out.”
In the Globe interview, the woman said they never asked for a refund of their $300 from Herbalife, because “I just chalked it up as being stupid and gullible.”
A Herbalife spokesperson, when contacted by the Globe this week, said the Araujo family spent the $7,000 on Herbalife products over a 14-month period and never sought a refund.
Araujo said the most damaging costs were the thousands of dollars they spent buying sales leads, for $128 per contact, and other products and services they said they were pressured to purchase through the company's network of sales people. Many of these additional expenses are the basis for accusations that the company is a pyramid scheme, which Herbalife denies.
“Sales leads have never been sold by Herbalife, and the company makes it clear in all materials that no distributor is compelled to make any purchases or to incur any expenses that are not right for them as an individual,” Julian Cacchioli, the company's vice president of communications, said in a prepared statement.
But the company acknowledged it only began banning third parties from selling sales leads in June 2013, months after Araujo left the business.
Markey's staff held two meetings with Ackman or their lobbyists in the fall. Markey has insisted they did independent research into Herbalife's practices rather than rely solely on Ackman's research.
The strategy has paid off for Ackman. The FTC investigation was revealed Wednesday by Herbalife, causing an immediate dip of about 7 percent in the company's stock price. After Markey sent initial letters in late January to federal regulators, Herbalife stock dropped 14 percent.
Tracy Jan of the Globe staff contributed to this article. Noah Bierman can be reached at nbierman@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @noah
bierman
The speed limit on Sydney Road will be permanently lowered to 40km/h, 24 hours a day, following the cycling death of Italian man Alberto Paulon in Brunswick last week.
An "emergency meeting" in Brunswick on Wednesday afternoon produced few firm plans to improve safety on Sydney Road, a heavily congested arterial in Melbourne's north that is statistically among the most dangerous for bike riding in Melbourne.
Alberto Paulon and their fiancee Cristina Canedda.
But Brunswick MP Jane Garrett, who called the meeting, said the "overwhelming feeling in the room was one of wanting to pay tribute to this man and all work together to find practical solutions to this really congested piece of road".
Short-term changes that will be made to Sydney Road include building speed humps at intersections, tweaking traffic signals to give pedestrians priority ahead of vehicles and removing some parking spaces, Ms Garrett said.
Jackson to 49ers would have been a stretch
While free-agent wide receiver DeSean Jackson was having dinner with Washington general manager Bruce Allen on March 31, they reportedly received a phone call from a 49ers official.
The question: Want to visit Santa Clara?
Nearly eight months after that phone call, Washington coach Jay Gruden recalled the courting of Jackson this week in advance of their team's visit to meet the 49ers on Sunday. Washington will arrive at Levi's Stadium as nine-point underdogs dragging a 3-7 record, but it beat the 49ers this spring when it refused to let Jackson leave town.
“We wanted to make sure we got the deal done,” Gruden said to the Washington media. “Bruce Allen really had everything to do with that. ... The only thing I said was 'Let's not let them out of here because if we let them go there's a good chance we won't get them back.' So Bruce did a great job of not letting them out of the restaurant.”
Jackson actually didn't sign with Washington until the next day and this week they said they spoke with 49ers general manager Trent Baalke and head coach Jim Harbaugh before they agreed to terms with Washington. Jackson was an All-American at Cal.
“It was a close call,” Jackson said. “I almost made the trip to come out there, but obviously Washington did what they did and kept me here.”
Washington's DeSean Jackson has 819 yards and is the NFL leader with 20.5 yards per reception. Washington's DeSean Jackson has 819 yards and is the NFL leader with 20.5 yards per reception. Photo: Jeff Haynes / Associated Press Photo: Jeff Haynes / Associated Press Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Jackson to 49ers would have been a stretch 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
That included offering a three-year, $24 million contract, which appears to be money well spent. Jackson, 27, a three-time Pro Bowler, is in the midst of another stellar season: They have 40 catches, ranks ninth in the NFL in yards (819) and first in yards per reception (20.5).
The 49ers, who rank 18th in the NFL in yards per game, certainly could have used Jackson's stretch-the-field speed. Jackson leads the NFL with nine catches of 40-plus yards, which is five more than the 49ers have managed as a team.
After Jackson signed with Washington, the 49ers signed Brandon Lloyd and traded for Stevie Johnson, but they've lacked a consistent downfield threat. Lloyd is averaging 23.8 yards a catch, but has just 11 catches. Johnson, Anquan Boldin and Michael Crabtree are each averaging fewer than 13 yards a reception.
Jackson ran a 4.35-second 40-yard dash at the 2008 combine and 49ers defensive coordinator Vic Fangio doesn't think he's lost a step.
“I think it says 4.37 on our information, and usually those things can be embellished at times,” Fangio said. “I think that's wrong on the downside. They look faster than that on tape. This guy's fast.”
The 49ers missed out on Jackson's speed, but they also avoided the potential headaches they might have provided.
After they had career-highs in catches (82), yards (1,332) and touchdowns (9), Jackson was released by the Eagles in March. Philadelphia parted ways on the same day NJ.com detailed their reported connections to Los Angeles gang members and a previously unreported arrest in 2009 for alleged marijuana possession. The Eagles were reportedly also worried Jackson's poor attitude and spotty work ethic would influence younger players.
Given the circumstances surrounding Jackson's release, the 49ers' interest was a bit surprising. The 49ers, who have a NFL-high 10 arrests since 2012, reportedly reached out to the Los Angeles Police Department to vet Jackson's background.
Since signing with Washington, Jackson has avoided unwanted headlines, although they added to the drama after Washington's 27-7 home loss to Tampa Bay on Sunday. Quarterback Robert Griffin III pointed some of the postgame blame at their supporting cast, inspiring Gruden to respond Monday by publicly scolding Griffin because they “elaborated too much.”
For their part, Jackson posted a message on Instagram Monday morning that was widely viewed as a shot at some of their teammates: “You can't do epic s— with basic people.”
Jackson insisted their message was misunderstood.
“If you follow me on Instagram, you see I post a lot of quotes and things like that,” Jackson said. “I'm just a big-time guy on quotes. And if you look in too much of what it is, and the words and you read into it, you'll get lost.”
Eric Branch is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: ebranch@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @Eric_Branch
Former lawmaker and frequent MSNBC pundit Harold Ford Jr. won't appear on "Morning Joe" while they pursue legal action against a woman who accused them of sexual assault.
Ford, who represented Tennessee as a Democrat for a decade, worked at Morgan Stanley when a female reporter accused them of groping and stalking them As a result, Ford's employer, Morgan Stanley, fired him.
Ford responded by saying the accusations against them were not true, and that they would sue both them for making false claims, and Morgan Stanley for wrongful termination. But while those actions are ongoing, Ford will not appear on "Morning Joe" or any other MSNBC program.
"MSNBC and Ford agreed they would not be a guest on the network until the defamation lawsuit they say they will file against their accuser and a planned wrongful termination action against Morgan Stanley are settled," said "Morning Joe" host Mika Brzezinski on Friday morning.
Ford is the second person dropped from "Morning Joe" in the wake of sexual assault charges. Bloomberg's Mark Halperin was another frequent panelist on the show, but left after being accused of sexual harassment by several women.
Ford said Thursday that none of the charges against them are true, and said the claims undermine real claims that women are bringing forward against men.
"This simply did not happen," Ford said. "I have never forcibly grabbed any woman or man in my life. Having drinks and dinner for work is part of my job, and all of my outreach to the news reporter making these false allegations was professional and at the direction of my firm for business purposes."
"I will now be bringing legal action against the reporter who has made these false claims about me as well as Morgan Stanley for improper termination," said Ford.
Coca-Cola said it found fungicide in its orange juice and alerted the Food and Drug Administration sparking an investigation, The Wall Street Journal reported.
The soft drink giant makes Minute Maid and Simply Orange juice, but Coca-Cola spokesperson Dan Schafer would not say which brands had shown the fungicide, The Associated Press reported.
Most orange juice products made by Coke and other companies contain juice from Brazil, where the fungicide originated.
This week, The Food and Drug Administration said low levels of carbendazim had been found in shipments from Brazil, the world's largest producer of orange juice.
Carbendazim is banned in the US but still used in Brazil to treat black spot, a type of mold that grows on orange trees.
The FDA had said an unnamed juice company first alerted the agency to the problem about two weeks ago after testing its own and competitors' products.
It said the low levels are not a safety risk but the scare does have the public concerned and is affecting global orange juice prices.
On Wall Street, Coca-Cola stock fell about one percent on the news in afternoon trading but recouped its losses by the close of the bell.
Industry experts are also keeping an eye on PepsiCo Inc., which makes Tropicana and Dole. The two companies together hold almost a two-thirds of the American orange juice market.
More from GlobalPost: Orange juice prices hit record high
He's done it: Sergei Lavrov just told the U.N. Security Council that U.S. coordination with terrorist groups in Syria warrants a full, impartial investigation.
In a carefully-worded address given in New York on Wednesday, Russia's Foreign Minister cited recent "coincidences" which have undermined the cease-fire agreement in Syria — and allowed ISIS and Al-Nusra to launch successful attacks:
Lavrov didn't mince their words during their address to the Security Council Coalition strikes on government troops positions at Deir ez-Zor on September 16 is a blatant violation of the cessation of hostilities regime. Furthermore, right after those strikes, ISIS forces attacked government troops. On September 19, there was another unacceptable provocation. I am referring to the bombing of a UN humanitarian convoy near Aleppo on a territory controlled by the armed opposition. Incidentally, it should be noted that on the same day, September 19, in the same area known as the Ramus road, Jabhat al-Nusra and allied detachments mounted a fierce attack on government forces. As a result, the jihadists advanced to Neighbourhood 1070. I am not trying to make any accusations. However, I am convinced that such coincidences call for serious analysis and investigation. We insist on the most thorough and impartial probe into the attack against the humanitarian convoy. There are many indications that it could have been a rocket or artillery attack. Initially that was how it was reported. Then they started mentioning helicopters and then aircraft. Therefore it is probably necessary to refrain from emotional responses and to not immediately grab the microphone and make comments, but conduct a thorough and professional investigation.
It's difficult to overstate what Lavrov's statements will mean going forward: In the most diplomatic way possible, Lavrov just accused the United States of military coordination with ISIS and Al-Nusra. Or, at the very least, they are suggesting that the U.S. acted with full knowledge that these terrorists groups would immediately benefit.
Lavrov's comments about the changing narratives of the aid convoy attack is easily verified: As we reported yesterday, the attacks were described first as involving helicopters, then Russian air strikes were blamed, and now not even NATO's Secretary General is brave enough to speculate. Even the U.N. quickly dropped the "air strike" language after it was clear that it could not be substantiated.
The blatant bombing of Syrian army positions — coupled with the latest accusations against Moscow, without providing any evidence — makes it difficult to believe that a meaningful cease-fire agreement will ever be realized. And of course, an impartial investigation into the attack on the aid convoy will never materialize.
We are now reaching a critical stage in Syria. When Lavrov and Kerry announced on September 9 that a deal had been reached, Lavrov began their remarks with a rather ominous warning: "I have to say, the – some mistrust remains and some – there are some people who would like our – today's arrangement to be undermined."
Will the international community finally take a stand against Washington? If not, expect more "coincidences" — with disastrous consequences.
It is nothing short of astounding that Taro Aso, Japan's deputy prime minister and minister of finance, should have stooped so low as to openly talk about emulating Nazi Germany. In a prepared speech delivered in Tokyo on July 29, they said: "The German Weimar Constitution was changed without notice; why can't we learn [from the Nazis] and do the same?"
Rocking the boat [By Jiao Haiyang/China.org.cn]
Aso's utterance caused such uproar that they had to retract their comments, but they refused to apologize or step down and the damage has been done. Aso's words were no accident.  They are a former prime minister, a notorious ultra right wing politician and they are now Abe's right-hand man. Their off-color words actually reflect the essence of the Abe government rather accurately.
Unlike the Germans, who have sincerely repented and atoned for the war crimes of the Nazis, Abe and the Japanese right have denied Japan's war crimes. Instead, they have glorified those crimes by demonstratively visiting the Yasukuni Shrine whose book of souls includes 14 Class A war criminals.
Germany has made Nazi worship a crime, whereas Japan allows rightists to freely parade holding high flags of the Rising Sun, the symbol of Japanese militarism.
All this shows where the Abe government is headed. The Japanese right has gone to such lengths to affront the victims of Japanese aggression partly because they are intoxicated by their landslide victory in the parliamentary elections, which gave Abe a new three-year term in contrast to the short-lived tenures and ineffective governance of their predecessors. Despite this, the low turnout indicated that, in fact, Abe might not have much of a mandate.
The LDP's electoral win was partly due to the apparent initial success of what is known as "Abenomics." It also reflects the psyche of the Japanese electorate who are unhappy about Japan's two-decade long economic stagnation and particularly its eclipse by China.
Abe and the Japanese right are dead set on revising Japan's pacific constitution, even though polls show that the majority of Japanese oppose revision. As Taro Aso indicated, it will be done surreptitiously. In fact, the right wing forces represented by Shinzo Abe have been encroaching on the constitution for years and are now increasing military spending for the first time in a decade.
Even though the constitution specifically prohibits the production of attack aircraft carriers, Japan has just launched its second 10,000-ton class so-called "escort ship", which in fact is a helicopter carrier which can hold more than 10 combat helicopters. Its predecessor, the "Hyuga," took part in the joint exercise with the United States in California codenamed "Dawn Blize," during which a U.S. Osprey landed on a Japanese ship, the "Hyuga," for the first time ever. A third, even larger ship with a displacement of more than 20,000 tons is scheduled to be launched on the anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima.
Japan is also buying the fifth generation U.S. F-35 stealth fighter and will start joint production of that aircraft with America. The naval version of the F-35 could land vertically on Japan's pseudo-carriers and Japan is also considering buying the U.S. Global Hawk remotely piloted (drone) aircraft. As I mentioned earlier, it is to acquire two more Aegis destroyers from the U.S. which will add up to a total of 8 such war ships in its fleet.
Japan also violated the Three Principles of Arms Export by signing an agreement for joint arms development with Britain last April.
It is also close to signing an agreement to sell the amphibious US-2 plane to India. That would be the first selling of finished product made by Japan's home-grown defense industry since rules were imposed restricting the export of weapons systems and other equipment. And Japan is to provide the Philippines with ten patrol boats.
On top of this, Japan's new defense plan is designed to counter China.
Abe said in the United States: "Japan is back." Back to what? None other than militarism!
The author is a columnist with China.org.cn. For more information please visit:
http://www.china.org.cn/opinion/zhaojinglun.htm
Opinion articles reflect the views of their authors, not necessarily those of China.org.cn.
A retooled classic hitting bookstores this week will raise new questions for millions of Christians about the nature of sin, whether women can exert authority over men and what the word "booty" really means.
That book is the Bible.
On Wednesday, as many Christians begin observing Lent, American publishers will release new translations of two of the most widely read English language Bibles - the official Catholic version and the most popular evangelical version - that together have been printed more than 415 million times.
These are the first new translations of the New American Bible (Catholic version) and the New International Version (the one more popular with evangelicals) in decades, and are being introduced into a radically changed scripture marketplace.
As late as the 1950s, a few translations dominated English-speaking Christianity. Today there are dozens, and even more niche-marketed Bible study guides: for women, youths, cartoon lovers, golfers, people who only want to carry a thin volume. The new NIV alone has 33 different study guides coming out by this summer.
Far from relying on one book and a pastor, American Christians today can sit in the pew during a Sunday sermon and use their phone to flip through 50 interpretations of any particular passage of the New or Old Testatment and compare wording.
With the Bible business growing more crowded, publishers want to stay fresh with the way young people use words and with the latest scholarly research.
Although most of the changes in the new versions are subtle language tweaks meant to make it more readable, the books reflect stepped-up debate about how to understand Christianity's holy scriptures.
The most controversial part of the new NIV is its removal of some of the gender-neutral language that publishers inserted in a version that was half-released in 2005, but then quashed because of criticism by conservatives. The new version, for example, replaces in Genesis God's call to make "human beings in our image" with "mankind."
The new NIV also tries to make wording less rigid in certain places, said Doug Moo, chairperson of the 15-member translation committee. For example, it replaces the ban on women "exercising" authority over men in church from the 1984 version - the last official NIV - with the potentially softer "assuming" of authority.
"Whether that referred to all forms of authority over men in church or only certain forms in certain contexts is up to the individual interpreter to decide," read translation notes for the new version.
It replaces multiple uses of "sinful nature" with "flesh," which Moo said is meant to leave to the reader the question of whether sin is a core human element or one of many outside forces to which we yield.
Nordstrom, which has said its decision to drop the Ivanka Trump line was based on business rather than politics, reportedly saw sales of that line drop by a third over the last fiscal year, and even more precipitously in the weeks before the election.
Nordstrom, which has said its decision to drop the Ivanka Trump line was based on business rather than politics, reportedly saw sales of that line drop by a third over the last fiscal year, and even more precipitously in the weeks before the election.
The Wall Street Journal this weekend cited internal Nordstrom data in reporting that sales of the Ivanka Trump fashion line slid 32 percent last fiscal year, and plunged more than 70 percent in the second through fourth weeks of October, compared to a year earlier.
Nordstrom did not provide the data and would not confirm it, The Journal said.
The Seattle-based retailer said last Wednesday that “over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.”
Like other retailers carrying Ivanka Trump merchandise, it had been the subject of boycott efforts by Trump critics.
Nordstrom's decision to stop carrying the brand for now escalated into a national kerfuffle last week after President Donald Trump tweeted that the retailer had treated their daughter “so unfairly.” Their press secretary, Sean Spicer, followed that up by calling Nordstrom's move a “direct attack” on the president's policies, while Kellyanne Conway, counselor to the president, exhorted viewers to “go buy Ivanka's stuff” during their appearance on Fox News — prompting criticism that they appeared to have violated federal ethics rules.
According to the Journal, Nordstrom's sales of Ivanka Trump items totaled $14.3 million for the fiscal year ended in January, down from $20.9 million for the previous year.
And apparently Nordstrom wasn't the only one.
According to market research firm Slice Intelligence, Ivanka Trump's brand saw online sales fall 26 percent year-over-year across a number of retailers in January. The back half of 2016 also saw online sales declines for the brand at Nordstrom, Zappos and Amazon.
However, online sales of the brand grew at Macy's and Bloomingdale's, according to Slice's data, which analyzed emailed consumer receipts for about 10,000 online shoppers.
At Nordstrom, Slice's data showed a 10 percent growth for the Ivanka Trump brand in the first quarter of last year, and then subsequent declines of 5 percent, 7 percent, and 63 percent over the next three quarters.
A Nordstrom spokesperson declined to comment on Slice's figures.
Meanwhile, more retailers have joined those dropping some Trump family-branded items. Sears and Kmart said on Saturday that they've removed 31 Trump Home items from their online offerings in order to focus on more profitable items, according to Reuters.
Sears gave more context for its decision in a corporate blog post Monday.
“We, like all retailers, constantly add and remove products from our offerings. In this case, certain products were removed from our websites that included a very small number of Trump products,” wrote Chris Brathwaite, Sears' vice president for corporate communications.
But customers can still find and buy hundreds of Trump or Ivanka Trump items on the company's website, being sold by third-party marketplace sellers, Brathwaite wrote.
LONDON (Reuters) - British support for staying in the European Union has tumbled over the past four months as an influx of migrants into Europe has pushed many voters towards opting for an exit, the Ipsos MORI pollster said on Thursday.
A supporter wears a tee-shirt as they wait for Nigel Farage, the leader of Britain's anti-EU UK Independence Party (UKIP) to speak at the launch of the party's EU referendum campaign, in London, Britain in this file photograph dated September 4, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville/files
Prime Minister David Cameron is seeking to renegotiate relations with the bloc it joined in 1973 ahead of a referendum on membership by the end of 2017.
In one of the starkest illustrations to date of how the migrant crisis may be polarising British views of Europe, an Ipsos MORI poll showed 52 percent of Britons would vote to stay in the EU, down from a record 61 percent in June.
Support for a British exit rose to 39 percent, the highest level since 2012, up from 27 percent in June. That more than halves the “in” lead to 13 percentage points from 34 points in June.
“We know that immigration has been the big issue over the summer and that has been partly driven by all the stories about migration from Syria and other places into Europe and the refugee crisis,” Gideon Skinner, head of political research at Ipsos MORI, said by telephone.
“This is part of what is driving this,” they added.
Cameron has said that they want to argue for Britain to stay inside the EU if they get the changes they want from other European leaders.
But British public opinion on Europe is volatile: In 2012, Ipsos polling showed more Britons wanted to leave than stay. That has since switched around but polling shows immigration is now voters' top concern.
A British exit would shake the Union to its core, ripping away its second largest economy and one of its top two military powers.
Pro-Europeans warn an exit from the EU would hurt Britain's economy and could trigger the break-up of the United Kingdom by prompting another Scottish independence vote, while opponents of EU membership say Britain would prosper outside.
Over half of Britons said they could be persuaded to change their mind about membership.
Until Cameron has a deal, their government is refusing to back either the domestic “in” or “out” campaigns which launched over the past few weeks.
The most popular of Cameron's proposed changes include bringing powers back to Britain, restricting free movement of labour and cutting benefits for EU migrants.
Just 37 percent of voters are confident they will secure a good deal, Ipsos said.
After failing to live up to the expectations in Edmonton, former first overall pick Nail Yakupov had another bad season with the St. Louis Blues. This summer, the Russian signed with the Colorado Avalanche and is ready to write a new page in their story. In this translated interview, originally appearing on the popular Russian website Sport-Express, Yakupov talks about the preseason, their move to the Avs, and Jaromir Jagr's possible move to their home team in the KHL, Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
* You can enjoy the original article in the Russian language by Mikhail Zislis here *
New Life in Denver
Mikhail Zislis: In your first game with your new team against the Dallas Stars, you had three assists. Life is good now?
Nail Yakupov: It's just a preseason game. Our opponent didn't have most of their top players, and our team had many juniors too. But I like the way our team played, with an emphasis on the offensive side. Defensemen didn't want to hold the puck and gave it to the forwards right away. We played fast and managed to score many goals. [Semyon] Varlamov played very well in the crease. It's early to jump to conclusions, but of course, such a good game helps psychologically.
MZ: Did you greet your former coach Ken Hitchcock?
NY: No, I haven't met him. I only think about my game, and probably they didn't notice me.
MZ: In the preseason games the refereeing seems to be very different and many players aren't happy.
NY: We've got new rules regarding faceoffs, where players should be placed, these things. And there will be even more penalties for slashing. There were even some laughable moments, but if we have more powerplays, then why not? I like it. Maybe something will change in the regular season. But this is not our problem now, with our fast game we forced Dallas to take many penalties.
MZ: Last year the Avalanche were last in the standings.
NY: I'm a new player here. In the offseason, I reset my mind and removed all the negativity. It's always easy to start from scratcher than to continue from old things. I'm not on panic.
MZ: Do you think the Avalanche can move out from the bottom places of the standings?
NY: In the NHL this kind of turnaround isn't strange. Remember, Toronto was the worst team in the league, and last year they made the playoffs. Also, Edmonton was very bad and then improved. Sometimes it happens that the reigning Stanley Cup champions don't get to the playoffs, as it was with Los Angeles.
MZ: Who skates faster? Your former teammate Connor McDavid or your new partner Nathan MacKinnon?
NY: Hard to say right away. They are both great in this aspect and even similar. McDavid probably has faster feet, while MacKinnon is stronger on their skates and has a better technique. Nathan is incredible. But if I have a chance, I'll try to compete with him.
Forgetting About the Past
MZ: Last year, when you were not playing, didn't you thought about going home?
NY: I had a lot of thoughts in that period. Of course, you don't want to hit the ice only during practices. You want to change everything, even your sticks and skates. You think that you need to change something, maybe to practice more, or less, and similar things. I don't like to blame other people and I take all the responsibility for my failures. I was very nervous, but then with time, I understood that I needed to have a more quiet approach. Life gives you harder challenges than misfortune in sports. If you get a chance then you'll play, otherwise, you need to practice harder and watch the games from the stands. In any case, I gained experience.
MZ: Don't you think after five years that being picked first overall kind of thwarted your career? Maybe if you got into another organization, then you could have different chances.
NY: We could spend a lot of time talking about this. But what sense would it make now? If anyone was given the chance to change something in their past, then I'm sure that anyone would make at least one change. I can't say that everything went in an ideal way regarding my hockey career, but I'm still young, alive and well. The same for my parents. Every morning I get up in a good mood and I start practicing. Why should I think about the past?
MZ: Do you already know with whom you will start the season?
NY: Since the first day we have had three main lines. We practice this way: I play with Matt Duchene and the rookie Alex Kerfoot, who played in the NCAA until last year. It's a good thing, we have time to develop some chemistry
MZ: Did you have other teams seeking you other than the Avs?
NY: I discussed all the matters regarding my new team with my family. Even if I let everyone know that I wanted to play in the NHL. I will always have time to get back to Russia. It was good to know that Colorado was interested in me, and they called me. I decided to accept their offer pretty much right away. I'm still young and I need to keep on seeking the chance to play in the NHL.
MZ: It's been rumoured that Vegas was interested in you too.
NY: Better to ask my agent. I know that there were other teams but I am not sure at what stages the negotiations were.
MZ: Many of your former teammates from the Junior national team went back to the KHL in the last couple of years. Alexander Khokhlachev, Andrey Makarov, Nikita Nesterov, Mikhail Grigorenko.
NY: SKA offered me a contract, and my agent had a meeting with them. I thank them for the offer but they know that I was more keen on pursuing an NHL contract.
MZ: Did you talk with Grigorenko before signing?
NY: Not really, I know a lot about the Avalanche as we played against them like five times a year. Every time I got to Denver, then I'd talk with Semyon Varlamov. Yes, of course, I met Grigorenko also many times. Now Varly is helping me a lot with day-to-day stuff.
MZ: Where did you settle down?
NY: I rent a place in one of the upper districts in Denver, not far from other players with whom I often spend time with, Rantanen, Andrighetto, Barberio.
MZ: What about Zadorov and Mironov?
NY: Zadorov just recently got back to the city, but of course we spend a lot of time together. Mironov, for now, lives at a hotel, just like other players who aren't sure where they will spend the season.
MZ: What do you think about the rumours tying Jaromir Jagr to your former team Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk?
NY: I know my father like no one else [Note: Yakupov's father is the GM of Neftekhimik Nizhmekamsk] and I know that they don't joke about this kind of thing. They can find the money to sign Jagr, so it is really up to the player himself. It would be fantastic if Jagr signed with Neftekhimik!
MZ: I have been told that it's hard to play in Denver due to the different air pressure.
NY: I was really surprised about it. At the start, after the first couple of shifts during the practice, I was without any force. There is just one way to get out of it: drink a lot of water and spend a lot of time outside so that your body can adapt.
New Jersey's Best Towns for Families - 2015
From rural hamlets to big bustling metropolises, we analyzed every town in the Garden State. Here are the spots that rose above the rest.
By Vicky Valet
What makes a town a great place to raise a family? The answer is different for each of us, but we're betting your list includes a lot of the qualities on our checklist, like top-notch public schools, safe streets and lots to do as a family.
To come up with our ranking, we looked at the entire state—more than 500 towns in all—and measured each municipality against a host of important factors, including school district quality, crime rates, affordability, commute times, percentage of families who live there, access to hospitals and general lifestyle factors. How did your town rank?
After Kaua'i residents passed an ordinance last November to provide limited protection from pesticide spraying, agrochemical companies including Syngenta sued to shut down even minimal steps towards the health of residents, including children and the hospitalized. The Hawai'i Alliance for Progressive Action (HAPA) traveled to attend Syngenta's annual shareholders meeting and request that the company apply to Hawai'i the same pesticide restrictions in place in Syngenta's host country of Switzerland.
In Switzerland, the Kauaʻi delegation [also] met with local and national Swiss lawmakers resulting in the Social Democratic Party, the largest political party in Basel, issuing a Statement of Support, asking Syngenta to “honor the democratic process and protect the people of Kauaʻi.” These meetings also resulted in several articles in Swiss Newspapers, television news and Swiss Public Radio covering Syngenta's activities in Hawaiʻi and the Kauaʻi residents' concerns.
HAPA is pushing for 10,000 signatures on a support petition by this Thursday, when allies in Switzerland will present it to Guy Morin, President of the Government of Basel, Switzerland and to executives of Syngenta at a public meeting. Please sign and share widely!
Petition to Switzerland to stop Syngenta's poisoning of Kaua'i
Background information: Kauai delegation delivers strong message to Syngenta, Swiss lawmakers
Formula E might be on its way to India after it was revealed that the FIA is considering a race in the country. Although details are still a bit sketchy at the moment, the event is likely to be held in 2018. At the moment, the Formula E electric car racing series calendar makes its way through cities in Asia, the Americas, and Europe.
A street race in India is being planned, with Delhi, Mumbai or Bangalore the cities under consideration. In fact, talks have already begun with government and local bodies of these cities on the feasibility of hosting such a race. The Indian Home Ministry too is working on the clearances required for the potential event.
Mahindra Racing, which owns a team in the Formula E Championship, has been lobbying for a race in India for quite some time now and, from the looks of it, the event will eventually take place in the country in 2018. The only team from India to participate in this championship, Mahindra Racing's drivers this season are Bruno Senna, Nick Heidfeld, and Oliver Rowland.
Sanctioned by the FIA, the Formula E Championship is the highest class of competition for electrically-powered racing cars. The second iteration of the series is currently underway, with the 2015-16 season being held from October 24, 2015 to July 3, 2016. This season is made up of 9 teams battling it out through the course of a 11-race calendar.
For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Here's a good rule of thumb: Never start a food fight with high school students.
Students at Farmington High School in Connecticut are boycotting their school lunch program this week, accusing the campus food service provider of serving low-quality meals and embarrassing students who can't afford them.
Over 500 people have joined a student Facebook group calling for a boycott of Chartwells, the food-service company that replaced the district's in-house meal program in 2012. The page is full of photos of moldy food allegedly served in the cafeteria, along with some other fairly gross testimonials.
“Freshman are coming in thinking that the garbage they serve and the way they treat us is the norm, but it shouldn't be,'' students wrote in the group's description. “We can work together and end this now.''
Advertisement
The students drafted a list of demands, including:
• Lower costs per meal for both students and teachers OR larger portions relative to the cost. • Higher quality food and ingredients. • The ability to charge food [on their meal accounts] despite debt. • Labels of ingredients or possible exposures to certain students' food allergies. • Returning trays to the cafeteria in order to be able to buy sides. • A student accessible microwave as an alternative option to purchasing food. • Greater respect toward students, including not throwing away food that can't be paid for. • Safe and healthy food that is free of mold or hair and is not left out and exposed to cold. • Limit the reheating and re-serving of leftovers for consecutive days. • Greater variety to accommodate alternative dietary needs or preferences, such as vegetarian, gluten-free, or others.
Senior Christy Rosario told Boston.com their friends have been frustrated with Chartwells since the company first started working for the district, though the group only recently sprang up to organize the boycott after administrators clamped down on students overcharging their meal accounts.
According to a student handbook available online, students were entitled to charge one meal a day—anywhere from $3 to $3.50—“when lunch money is lost, forgotten or inadvertently overlooked.'' That policy was amended to two meals last month without notice to students, though enforcement was lax. After “specific cases of excessive overcharging,'' Principal Bill Silva said the school decided to start cracking down.
“A lot of the students were really caught off-guard, really frustrated, and going home hungry,'' Rosario said. “The company loses money and the student doesn't get any food, so no one wins.''
Making matters worse? Hungry kids who couldn't afford their meals had to watch their food get thrown in the trash. School policy dictates that students with insufficient funds should be provided with an “alternative meal''—a cheese sandwich with milk and a piece of fruit—though Rosario said they knew many who did not receive one.
Advertisement
Superintendent Kathleen Greider said those charges, if true, were “unacceptable.''
“No child should ever, ever go without a meal,'' they said.
Greider said the food services department is subject to three random inspections a year by Farmington Valley Health District officials, who report that the cafeteria at Farmington High School has “consistently received satisfactory inspection results.''
“The [district] has not received any complaints regarding food safety nor has it received any confirmed reports of food-borne illness,'' an agency spokesperson wrote in a statement to parents, though there were quite a few such reports on the boycott's Facebook page.
Greider added that the school was “very open'' to student feedback and that Silva, business administrator Michael Ryan, and representatives from Chartwells met with students to discuss their concerns. Silva also wrote parents a letter following their meeting with boycott organizers, detailing a list of “steps to be taken'' by the company, including the creation of an advisory committee that would include students as members.
Rosario—and several others—said they remained skeptical, and continued with their boycott Monday.
“The administration has been saying they're supportive but not really proving it,'' senior David Casella said. “It seems as if they'd rather us step down and say something's getting better when nothing really is.''
“They said a lot of things, but they didn't really say anything at the same time,'' Rosario said. “Their statement said they'd ‘continue doing this,' ‘continue doing that,' no ‘we'll improve,' no ‘revise' or anything like that.''
Advertisement
The boycott began Monday, and, said Rosario, “Just by looking at lines for school lunch, this seemed pretty successful.''
Students brought home-made sandwiches instead of buying lunch, and a local restaurant donated pizzas to the cause. Principal Silva, however, confiscated the pizzas, citing health regulations.
“We do have discretion, and while we would not require a temporary food license for a small pizza party, on a larger scale we would require a license to ensure that food is maintained at appropriate temperature, handled safely, etc.,'' an e-mailed statement from local health officials read.
“We stand by our food quality and have maintained a strong record with the health department,'' Tom O'Donnell, regional director of Chartwells K12, said in an e-mailed statement. “We are aware of the complaints shared on social media and are working to verify them, and will respond with appropriate action if they are deemed credible.''
It's not the first time the company has felt pressure from the campuses it serves—locally, the Wellesley School Committee voted unanimously in 2012 to drop their contract with the company, with one member citing “a dwindling of community confidence'' in the program after health code violations and other problems.
Correction: An earlier version of the article incorrectly stated that Superintendent Greider attended a meeting with concerned students.
Bloomberg's U.S. Consumer Comfort Index has reached its highest point in a decade following positive assessments about the economy and the buying climate, according to Bloomberg Markets.
The consumer comfort index rose to 50.6 as of March 5, the highest it has been since March 2007, from 49.8. The index has surpassed 50 only six times since April 2002.
A measure of the economy rose to 48.2, the highest since August 2001, from 46.8, while a measure of buying climate rose to 44.5, the highest since April 2002, from 43.7.
The stock market has jumped to record highs and the job market has been particularly strong since President Trump's inauguration, causing the consumer comfort index to rise.
Respondents to the index view the buying climate as the most favorable it has been in 15 years, a sign that there might be an uptick in household spending after a slow start in 2017.
Sentiment has been strong among Republicans as well as political independents, who were the most confident about the economy and the buying climate since July 2001.
Republicans' sentiment has surpassed that of the Democrats by the most since September 2013. Confidence among people in the South and Midwest, part-time employees, and married Americans rose.
For part-time employees, they were the most confident since October 2015, while married Americans saw the highest levels of comfort in a decade.
Confidence did, however, fall for people living in the West and Northeast.
LACEY, Wash. – Thurston County deputies shut down an unlicensed medical marijuana shop in Lacey Tuesday afternoon.
A lawyer for Sonshine Organics said deputies seized bags full of marijuana meant for patients.
“It's completely ridiculous,” said attorney Doug Hiatt.
Thurston County Sheriff John Snaza said Sonshine was the only unlicensed medical location in the county that had not closed July 1, the date the state's new medical marijuana regulations went into place.
Locations wishing to sell medical or recreational marijuana need licenses from the state's Liquor and Cannabis Board.
Before the July 1 deadline, Snaza told the owners they would give them time to transition out of business. Hiatt said they expected to have more time.
No one at the location was arrested, but the sheriff said the county prosecutor will determine if anyone will face charges.
Copyright 2016 KING
84 Shares Share Share
Sometimes it seems that life is unfair and the odds are stacked incredibly against us. More than 1 in 3 persons will get cancer. The chance of survival if you get lung, pancreatic or brain tumors is pathetically small. The most common cancer in 20 to 30-year-olds is the deadly beast melanoma. We have no easy or effective early detection for most cancers.
However, there are remarkable stories of hope. Here is one that defies the odds.
In the spring of 1995, when they are 37-years-old, Rachael becomes my patient. Them gynecologist finds a mass in their left breast on a routine exam. When the biopsy shows cancer, they undergo a lumpectomy, chemotherapy and radiation. A lot of stress for a mother of five. Still, they get through and the cancer never comes back.
Four years later, they complain of sudden pain in their lower abdomen, right above the pelvis. Ultrasound reveals a mass; it appears their appendix has ruptured. They rush Rachael to surgery. As soon as they make the incision, the general surgeon knows they need help. A gifted gynecologic oncologist finishes a four-hour operation for cancer of their right fallopian tube. An appendectomy turns into a total hysterectomy with removal of both tubes and ovaries. The cancer never comes back.
A “routine” mammogram shows suspicious calcifications in Rachael's right breast in 2005. By then genetic testing is available. Rachael carries the high-risk BRCA2 gene, which accounts for their three cancers. Both breasts are removed with plastic surgical reconstruction. The pathologist finds a small previously undetected cancer in their treated left breast. They start oral hormone suppression. Neither of these cancers ever comes back.
2007. Melanoma of their right forearm. It is excised with wide margins and graft. It is only half a millimeter thick. No further treatment is needed. It never comes back.
Finally, in 2011, they develop bleeding, despite a negative colonoscopy four years before. They have a stage 2 colon carcinoma. This is treated with combined chemotherapy and radiation, and then surgery. Despite requiring a colostomy, they recover very well. This cancer has not come back.
2012. Rachael has five children, four of them are girls. For each child there is a 50% (one half) chance they have inherited the BRCA2 gene from Rachael. If they gave it to one child, it does not affect the risk for another child. In reverse, even if some of the children did not inherit the gene, it still means a 50% chance for each of the remaining children. Any child receiving the BRCA2 gene from Rachael is very likely to have a life similar to hers. It is time to test each child.
July 2012: Daughter #1, blood drawn. Test result, 3 weeks later: normal.
November 2012: Son, blood drawn. Test result, Christmas time: normal.
January 2013: Daughter #2, blood drawn. Specimen lost. Blood redrawn. Insurance company delay. March result: normal.
May 2013: Daughter #3, blood drawn. Result back in 8 days: normal.
September 2013: Final test. Fifth and oldest child. Daughter #4. They hate doctors and has delayed genetic testing for years. Normal.
Miraculously, five flips of the coin showed healthy and normal every time and in a 1 in 32 chance Rachael gave the gene to none of their children. They will all live without the shadow, the challenge, and the fear, which has marked their life.
Rachael is the ultimate survivor. Slammed down, they get up. Again and again. In their own life and in the life of their children they have truly beaten the odds. Hers is a story of triumph, faith and powerful inner strength. We can overcome the monster and tomorrow brings hope.
James C. Salwitz is an oncologist who blogs at Sunrise Rounds.
Researchers at the University of Washington and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill have taken an important step in converting methane gas to a liquid, potentially making it more useful as a fuel and as a source for making other chemicals.
Methane, the primary component of natural gas, is plentiful and is an attractive fuel and raw material for chemicals because it is more efficient than oil, produces less pollution and could serve as a practical substitute for petroleum-based fuels until renewable fuels are widely useable and available.
However, methane is difficult and costly to transport because it remains a gas at temperatures and pressures typical on the Earth's surface.
Now UNC and UW scientists have moved closer to devising a way to convert methane to methanol or other liquids that can easily be transported, especially from the remote sites where methane is often found. The finding is published in the Oct. 23 issue of the journal Science.
Methane is valued for its high-energy carbon-hydrogen bonds, which consist of a carbon atom bound to four hydrogen atoms. The gas does not react easily with other materials and so it is most often simply burned as fuel. Burning breaks all four hydrogen-carbon bonds and produces carbon dioxide and water, said Karen Goldberg, a UW chemistry professor.
Converting methane into useful chemicals, including readily transported liquids, currently requires high temperatures and a lot of energy. Catalysts that turn methane into other chemicals at lower temperatures have been discovered, but they have proven to be too slow, too inefficient or too expensive for industrial applications, Goldberg said.
Binding methane to a metal catalyst is the first step required to selectively break just one of the carbon-hydrogen bonds in the process of converting the gas to methanol or another liquid. In their paper, the researchers describe the first observation of a metal complex (a compound consisting of a central metal atom connected to surrounding atoms or molecules) that binds methane in solution. This compound serves as a model for other possible methane complexes. In the complex, the methane's carbon-hydrogen bonds remained intact as they bound to a rare metal called rhodium.
The work should spur further advances in developing catalysts to transform methane into methanol or other liquids, Goldberg said, although they noted that actually developing a process and being able to convert the gas into a liquid chemical at reasonable temperatures still is likely some distance in the future.
"The idea is to turn methane into a liquid in which you preserve most of the carbon-hydrogen bonds so that you can still have all that energy," they said. "This gives us a clue as to what the first interaction between methane and metal must look like."
Maurice Brookhart, a UNC chemistry professor, said carbon-hydrogen bonds are very strong and hard to break, but in methane complexes breaking the carbon-hydrogen bond becomes easier.
"The next step is to use knowledge gained from this discovery to formulate other complexes and conditions that will allow us to catalytically replace one hydrogen atom on methane with other atoms and produce liquid chemicals such as methanol," Brookhart said.
###
The lead author of the paper is Wesley Bernskoetter of Brown University, who did the work while at UNC. Goldberg, Brookhart and Cynthia Schauer, associate chemistry professor at UNC, are co-authors.
The work comes out of a major National Science Foundation-funded collaboration, the UW-based Center for Enabling New Technologies Through Catalysis, which involves 13 universities and research centers in the United States and Canada, including UNC. Additional funding came from the National Institutes of Health.
The center, directed by Goldberg, is aimed at finding efficient, inexpensive and environmentally friendly ways to produce chemicals and fuels.
For more information, contact Goldberg at 206-616-2973 or goldberg@chem.washington.edu or Brookhart at 919-962-0362 or mbrookhart@unc.edu
Noel Vasquez via Getty Images Carly Waddell and Evan Bass are truly just as charming as they look in this photo.
Carly Waddell and Evan Bass are not only one of the most delightful couplings to come out of “The Bachelor” universe, but they are also incredibly supportive of the current Bachelor ― their close friend, Nick Viall.
“As a friend, we want them to have fun,” Bass told The Huffington Post's “Here To Make Friends” podcast. And it seems as though Viall is finally letting loose and enjoying their wild ride as the star of “The Bachelor.”
Waddell and Bass also seem to be on the same page about which of Viall's suitors they think are making an impression on this season. Both are fans of Rachel Lindsay, the 31-year-old attorney from Dallas, and Raven Gates, the 25-year-old boutique owner from Hoxie, Arkansas.
“I like their energy,” said Waddell. “I think they both have really positive, high-spirited energy.”
The couple also is definitely on board for Bachelor “villain” Corrine Olympios' on-screen antics ― at least for the entertainment value they provide, if not because they are a basis for a long-lasting relationship with Viall.
“I think Corinne is hilarious. I don't want them to go anywhere because I enjoy watching every single thing that they do. I don't even care if it's bad, because it's funny,” said Waddell.
“If Corinne doesn't leave next episode, she'll be top two or something,” Bass later predicted. “Because Nick just seems something in her... They see themselves in them He's like, ‘I used to be them I was a villain like them before.'”
For more from Carly and Evan on their Nashville life and this season of “The Bachelor,” check out HuffPost's Here To Make Friends podcast below:
Do people love “The Bachelor,” “The Bachelorette” and “Bachelor in Paradise,” or do they love to hate these shows? It's unclear. But here at “Here to Make Friends,” we both love and love to hate them — and we love to snarkily dissect each episode in vivid detail. Podcast edited by Nick Offenberg.
Mar 28, 2016 by J. Nelson Kraybill
I share the longing of many others in the Mennonite church for an end to the illegal Israeli occupation of the West Bank, and I grieve the suffering of Palestinian people. But I have reservations about the boycott-and-sanctions movement against Israelis because it is likely to be counterproductive. Christians, who have deep roots in the traditions and sacred texts of Judaism, should build reconciling relationships rather than coerce or make threats.
People of the United States carry particular responsibility for wrongs in the West Bank because of the enormous military aid our country provides to Israel ($3 billion per year, more than to any other country). What can people of conscience in the U.S. do about injustice in the West Bank? We must not remain silent.
If Israeli occupation of the West Bank were driven primarily by economic interests, boycotts and sanctions might have effect. But the settler movement is largely ideological and theological, unlikely to respond to economic pressure. Boycotts or sanctions that communicate we are going to hurt you may have unintended consequences.
I have learned from the extraordinary 2013 book, My Promised Land: The Triumph and Tragedy of Israel by progressive Jewish author Ari Shavit. The first line reads, “For as long as I can remember I remember fear.” It may be difficult for us to see modern Israel, with its wealth and military power, as living in fear. But in fact many Jews today feel vulnerable, for valid reasons. They cannot forget the incomprehensible slaughter of Jewish people in Western Europe in the 20th century and the fact that nations surrounding Israel have tried on several occasions to destroy the modern state.
Countless Jews in Israel tell of parents and grandparents who died in gas chambers. Today some Jews in Europe are asking whether antisemitism there has again reached a point that Jews should leave the continent. The danger is existential, and at least one nation in the Middle East has repeatedly expressed desire to annihilate Israel. None of this justifies the actions of settlers in the West Bank, but it puts them in context.
Most people who promote boycotts or sanctions do not hate Israel or the Jews. But that is the way many Jews read such actions. Threats and coercion may simply increase the sense of victimhood and vulnerability for a people in post-traumatic stress. Boycotts and sanctions may induce Jewish Israelis who live in fear to seize every bit of turf possible, motivated by a belief that Jews have to look out for themselves because nobody else will.
I do not have a formula for what will bring justice to Israel/Palestine, aside from the power of the gospel to change hearts and minds. But my understanding of conflict transformation makes me want to build relationships on both sides of this grievous conflict.
Perhaps instead of promoting boycotts or sanctions, we could:
Buy stock in companies involved with Israel, then go to shareholder meetings and speak up for justice.
Appeal to American politicians and lawmakers to stop writing checks for more weapons for Israel.
Support moderate voices and the beleaguered peace movements among Israelis and Palestinians.
Educate ourselves biblically and theologically so we do not fall for millennial ideology that makes Christians give uncritical support to Israel. (See the new book by Walter Brueggemann, Chosen? Reading the Bible amid the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.)
Unite in fervent prayer for healing in the West Bank and let the world know Mennonites are doing that.
Before we imagine that we can make an impact on the behavior of Israeli Jews in the West Bank, we will have to build enough relationship with them for them to trust our motives and friendship. My impression is that Mennonites in North American are not even close to that level of trust-building. Our support for sanctions or boycotts might only add to a dangerous polarization and sever ties we need for the hard work of reconciliation.
J. Nelson Kraybill, Mennonite pastor and president of Mennonite World Conference, leads Bible study tours to Israel/Palestine.
Angela Merkel has defended Russia 's exclusion from the G7 group of leading economies ahead of a summit this weekend.
Barack Obama, David Cameron and other G7 leaders are to join Mrs Merkel for talks at Schloss Elmau, a luxury spa in the Bavarian Alps.
But Vladimir Putin will not be present, as Russia has been excluded from what was the G8 since its annexation of Crimea last year.
“Russian participation is currently not conceivable,” Mrs Merkel said in an interview with Germany's DPA news agency.
“The G7 is a group of states that share the values ​​of democracy and rule of law,” they said.
“According to our principles, we are defending international law and the inviolability of borders, because they are the foundation of our peace.
“Russia's annexation of Crimea, however, was a violation of international law.”
Russian involvement in the Ukraine crisis is expected to feature in the talks at Schloss Elmau, but Mrs Merkel rejected calls to invite Mr Putin to take part.
“Of course we need and want to cooperate with Russia,” they said.. “We cannot solve some conflicts, such as that in Syria, without Russia. I therefore hold regular contact with Vladimir Putin.”
Mrs Merkel is closer to Mr Putin than any other Western leader and speaks regularly with them on the phone.
There have been calls in Germany for Russia to be reinstated in the G7.
The former chancellor Hemlmut Schmidt said earlier this week that Mr Putin should have been invited, and that the summit would be ineffective without him.
“We have no interest in the G8 permanently remaining in a G7 format,” Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the foreign minister, said on Thursday, in comments that were seen as an olive branch to Russia.
Most-searched for employer by job-seekers using Google
1 of 3 Google Trends; Bureau of Labour Statistics
EXAMINING America's internet search history can reveal all manner of surprising information about the country's collective interests. It can also tell you what kind of jobs people want. Of those without work, or perhaps seeking a career change, some search for a specific role or sector, but others already have a desired company-of-choice in mind. An examination of Google search data reveals the most popular employer by sector and year allowing trend comparisons from state-to-state. Careers in package delivery are in high demand it seems. Over the past 12 months, United Parcel Service (UPS) was the most searched-for employer in 12 states and appeared in the top 3 searches across a total of 23 states, predominantly in the south and Midwest. Elsewhere, education and health dominate, with searches for roles at universities coming top in 13 states, and health-care jobs in seven others. These two sectors were among the biggest growers in 2015, education adding 305,000 jobs in the year to June, and health care adding 293,700.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Studying the sectors that feature the heaviest on the map can act as a crude indicator of the state of the labour market. It shows people predominantly searched for employers in lower-paid sectors, those with an average weekly wage close-to or below that for all private companies. Looking back to 2008-09, popularity for UPS jobs proved even greater—the company was the top search in 31 states during the recession. But in the intervening years, interest in UPS waned, it topped just five states in 2011-12. Job searches in manufacturing, education and healthcare took its place in that period, a sign perhaps of renewed economic optimism. If that is indeed the case, what to make of UPS's resurgence among online job hunters today?
CORRECTION: The 2014-15 top search results for Utah and South Dakota were previously inaccurate, this has now been corrected
A senior fundraiser for Islamic State under a strict counter-terrorism order has managed to flee the UK to join jihadists in Syria.
Mohammed Khaled, 45, who lived in west London, had been placed on a terror sanctions list and had their assets frozen. The security services believed Khaled was using their London base to raise tens of thousands of pounds for Isil.
Khaled's disappearance, despite their high profile status on the sanctions list, raises serious questions about the ability of UK authorities to keep control over Britain's borders.
It follows claims that one of the terrorists behind the Paris attacks visited two British cities in the run up to the atrocity in which 130 people were murdered.
Counter-terrorism officials have reportedly established that the man, who has not been publicly identified, travelled to the UK earlier this year.
It is also claimed that phone calls were made to Britain by one or more of the Paris gunmen in the days before the attack.
The apparent failure to monitor dangerous terrorists opens up David Cameron to criticism that Britain needs to better protect its borders.
Photo: REX
A High Court judgment uncovered by the Telegraph details the belief of security services that Khaled, who is Syrian-born, is back in their home country and possibly planning terrorist activities against the UK. Khaled had been challenging the asset freezing order but the case was thrown out when it emerged they had fled.
It is not clear when Khaled left the UK but as recently as May this year a new terrorism finance order was issued against him. Under its terms all their assets in the UK have been frozen and banks have been ordered to close down their accounts and block any financial transactions.
• Knifeman screams 'this is for Syria' in Leytonstone tube 'machete' attack
• Paris attack terrorists 'had links to extremists in Britain'
Khaled, who uses nine aliases, was suspected of diverting humanitarian aid meant or Syrian refugees to Isil. They were one of 23 terror suspects whose assets remain frozen Under the Terrorist Asset-Freezing Act 2010.
The court papers uncovered by the Telegraph show the security services believed that Khaled “had in fact gone to Syria in order to engage in terrorist activities there. Their support and funding of Isil were the basis of the order”.
More than 400 jihadists, who fought in Syria and Iraq and have since returned to the UK, are still free to continue using their bank accounts, despite the fact they will have been identified by security services as terrorists.
Fears that one of the Paris attackers travelled to and from the UK will spark a hunt for any members of a possible terror cell in Britain.
The French or possibly Belgian jihadist is thought to have slipped briefly into the UK and travelled to London, Birmingham and Kent, where they are understood to have met individuals suspected of being capable of plotting or assisting terrorist activity in Britain.
It is not known how they entered Britain, but the people they visited are reportedly under investigation by MI5 and police counter-terrorism officers.
Western intelligence officials believe a number of people suspected of having connections to Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged ringleader of the Nov 13 attacks, are based in Britain.
The people were said to be of Moroccan origin and based in the Birmingham area.
Marcus Beale, the Assistant Chief Constable of West Midlands Police, said yesterday [Saturday]: “The West Midlands Counterterrorism Unit is working hand-in-hand with counterterrorism colleagues in London, the national counterterrorism network and security services to provide support to the French and Belgian investigations and of course to address any associated terrorism threat to the UK.”
Out of 11 terrorists who took part in the Paris attacks nine were killed and two are still on the run.
A source said of the telephone calls to Birmingham: “They were made shortly before the Paris attacks. British police are urgently investigating whether anyone in the UK was involved in those atrocities and also whether there is a linked terror cell based here.”
UPDATE:
The following is a press release issued by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office:
At approximately 8:45 a.m. this morning deputies with the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office located the firearm in the field on the north/west corner on Cutten Elementary School property. The firearm was located just north of the baseball fields. The Superintendent for the Cutten Elementary School was notified that the weapon was located. The Superintendent then made the decision to return the students back to their school from the Ridgewood Elementary School, because the school was now safe.
PREVIOUSLY:
The following is a press release issued by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office:
Today at about 3:00 a.m. Humboldt County Sheriff's Dispatch received several 9-1-1 calls regarding shots fired and screams heard in the area of the 2300 block of Holly Street in Cutten.
Responding units arrived at about 3:10 a.m. and discovered a male gunshot victim laying in the yard near the residence. Deputies requested emergency medical services and secured the scene prior to their arrival. Once EMS arrived they determined that the male victim was deceased. The identity of the victim has not yet been confirmed.
Deputies received information that involved male subject and female had been seen leaving the area of the shooting and where last seen walking in the direction of the Cutten Elementary School.
At about 4:20 a.m. a male subject was located near the scene and they have been detained at this time.
The female subject was also located at a nearby residence and is cooperating with Sheriff' Detectives at this time. The identities of the male and female are being withheld at this time pending further investigation.
The Humboldt County Sheriff's Office is actively investigating this case at this time.
A Security Alarm at the Cutten Elementary School was activated at about the same time the 9-1-1 calls for the shooting.
Sheriff Detectives have received information that the involved weapon may have been hidden on or near the Cutten School property. Sheriff Deputies are on scene at the school at this time conducting a search for the weapon/
The Cutten School Superintendent has been notified and the school property has been closed pending further notification from the Sheriff's Office. The School requests that school services will be transferred to Ridgewood Elementary School and any Cutten Elementary Students being driven to school can be dropped off at Ridgewood Elementary School until further notice.
In an interview with the Times-Standard, sheriff's office Lt. Wayne Hanson said that “a search warrant was signed for the house where the shooting occurred.”
Further information with provided when available.
Anyone with information for the Sheriffs Office regarding this case or related criminal activity is encouraged to call the Sheriffs Office at 707-445-7251 or the Sheriffs Office Crime Tip line at 707-268-2539.
When Alison* was in college, they remember running into drugstores and grabbing whatever makeup they could get their hands on before dashing to the check-out line, fearful that someone would see them buying eyeshadow and lip gloss. After all, to the world, they were a boy. Now 34 years old and in the first few months of their transition, she's getting the hang of makeup, and says they couldn't have done it without the help of an unlikely resource: Reddit.
"I started off needing support," Alison told Mic. "Where I lived was very rural. I was not in a position to talk publicly, and my therapist recommended I check online forums. I got to the point where I at least needed to mention it to somebody, so I started by making an anonymous name and started posting and asking for [makeup] advice."
Over the next few weeks, Alison started posting honest selfies to the subreddit r/MakeupAddiction, a thread filled with women grappling with questions like which foundation offers the most lightweight coverage and which lip gloss lasts the longest. In return, they received thousands of genuinely helpful comments regarding how they looked and tips on what to try. The support was so overwhelming that in January, they posted a selfie with the caption, "I just wanted to thank you all for your advice and support, it has meant so much to this trans woman."
Reddit isn't known for being the most accepting platform on the internet. In fact, in an era of trolls and hackers, the internet overall isn't always the most hospitable place. And yet for transgender women like Alison, forums like Reddit are crucial safe havens for expression — especially when it comes to the all-important matter of makeup.
Why is makeup so important? The relationship between makeup and transgender people is a complex one. For Alison and many other transgender women, makeup is one of the first steps to embracing their own gender identity. There isn't one way to be "female," but makeup is certainly one traditional aspect of modern femininity that trans women may try.
It's also cheap, easily accessible and easily removable, so according to Alison, a swipe of foundation or mascara can actually have a huge impact.
"It does so much and yet it is so little," Alison said. "It was this thing that really helped me see me in the mirror, and it has been huge with my self-esteem."
There's also the practical matter of physical transitioning and safety. For some women, "passing," or being easily recognized as their chosen gender, means life or death, and makeup just makes that process a little bit easier.
"As soon as I recognized that I would need to transition, I was approaching [makeup] more from a way to be safe to be able to live my life," Alison said. "To build up my skills and know how to use it properly."
That's particularly important considering that the number of transgender homicides in the U.S. hit a record high in 2015, and, worldwide, it's been reported that one trans woman is murdered every 29 hours. Depending on location, transgender women face the possibility of violence nearly every day. In some cases, makeup can make women feel safer going out in public, even before they may undergo hormone therapy.
Mic/Instagram Marlyn Alarm
Using makeup to cover maleness: So what does using makeup for transitioning entail? For author Nicola Jane Chase, who wrote the book Tea and Transition, the first step they took was finding the right foundation to cover up stubble.
"I needed much more coverage, because I'd not started hormone therapy nor done any permanent hair removal on my face," Chase told Mic. "So I used heavier liquid foundation in particular. Then with the softening of the skin with hormone therapy, and the regular process of laser and then electrolysis treatments for hair removal, I could become much more selective with the makeup I was using."
According to Obie Farrow, a makeup artist who works at the gender-affirming barbershop Big Bro's Barbershop in Vancouver, makeup can fully transform someone's face to make it appear more feminine or more masculine.
"[Cisgender] men have paler lips and a different sort of face shape so you have contouring," Farrow told Mic. "Contouring is actual magic. You can shape the brow, shape the jaw."
In Alison's case, they initially went for a lighter, natural look. They focused on color correcting to blur any discoloring they may have after shaving, arching their brows and minimizing the look of their nose – not because it was particularly masculine, but just because that's the way they wanted to look.
"In the beginning, makeup can be so stressful, because it's about covering up what you consider to be male," Marlyn Alarm, a 23-year-old trans woman living in Miami who's been particularly vocal about their makeup evolution, told Mic.
Nicola Jane Chase Mic/Jeffrey Gorritz
Finding your own female identity: But since they began transitioning years ago, Alarm has noticed that makeup has changed their personality for the better, since they were no longer obsessing over trying to "pass," but just being herself.
"I don't feel like I'm trying to hide anything anymore," Alarm said. "I'm just like, 'Oh, I wanna wear liner,' and I'm not thinking about the things about my face that used to make me uncomfortable. It's just a free-flowing thing where I don't have to use a full coverage foundation, which is very liberating."
That's very much the stage that Alison currently finds themselves in. They say she's still clueless as to what to do in the space between their lash line and eyebrow, and she's inching their way towards being comfortable with bolder lip colors. But she's pleased with having finally found a foundation that works for them
Mic/Instagram Marlyn Alarm
Finding that perfect look isn't necessarily about nailing a single ideal of femininity. At its core, makeup is still about self-expression; and just like cisgender women, some trans women will want to wear a ton of makeup, while others might forgo it altogether.
"I knew (or I thought I knew) how I wanted to look, and so it was just a process of getting the right product to make that happen," said Chase, who told Mic they are "older than 40." They continued, "That's not to say there weren't makeup disasters along the way — of course there were — but all girls experiment with finding the right makeup; whether they are trans girls or cisgender girls growing up or in their teens. I just did it rather later in life!"
It's not always about trying to look like, say, Laverne Cox or Caitlyn Jenner, but trying to find the look that they feel most comfortable in as they explore female identity. That means trans women often have to ask themselves questions about their own makeup taste, such as, do they want to go natural and focus on basics like foundation and mascara, or do they want to employ tactics like contouring to give themselves the exact face they want?
To answer those questions, many turn to the internet: Some trans women may turn to IRL guidance, such as a "feminine image consultant." But according to Alison, they wouldn't be at the stage they are at without Reddit's help. Under their post in January, where they thanked the commenters who had guided them for more than a month, there are hundreds of constructive comments like, "You look great! This lip color really suits you! I'm not sure green eye shadow is the best bet though."
"I was very much of the mind of 'I'm going to broadcast this and show them how helpful they've been and how grateful I am," Alison said. "There's just so many helpful, wonderful women on that subreddit and I just found it a great place to continue my love of makeup."
Each of their selfies have received streams of comments offering them both criticism and advice like, "I love the tightline and I think you could go for a brown colored eyeliner as well if you'd like to bring out the green in your eyes!"
Although MakeupAddiction is widely known for being one of the most helpful makeup subreddits out there, Alison didn't expect this sort of response, especially since they were openly trans when they posted their first selfies.
"The moderators are really who to thank in this case," Alison said. "They're extremely diligent and because of them, women like me feel safe posting and reading all those comments."
Instagram Marlyn Alarm
Meanwhile, for Alarm, YouTube proved especially helpful. In the beginning, they looked to YouTube personalities like Joseph Harwood, who helped them figure out what makes a face masculine or feminine and what they could do to achieve the look that they wanted.
Harwood, who has more than 140,000 subscribers to their YouTube channel, is known for posting many trans women's transitions to their account, with their most popular one raking in more than 950,000 views.
Other popular trans beauty vloggers include Julie Vu, aka Princess Joules, and Zoey Zoco, aka Fritz Fashionista, who are open about their transitions, their experiences with hormones and their makeup explorations. YouTube is already home to millions of makeup videos, making it an ideal home for trans women looking to delve into the world of cosmetics.
YouTube Joseph Harwood
YouTube Princess Joules
What the internet also offers, which Alison couldn't experience when they started buying makeup in drug stores over 10 years ago, is more privacy and safety. Now, they have the ability to check out and buy makeup online, which makes buying makeup much safer than what they experienced more than 10 years ago.
"When I was first thinking about makeup, you couldn't go on Amazon and get it shipped, and you had to come face-to-face with someone to buy it," Alison said. "So now, makeup is so readily accessible and people are so helpful online."
That includes Sephora product review threads, which are full of some of the most detailed and opinionated makeup reviews out there, and are often accompanied with pictures of women wearing the makeup. Both Alison and Alarm note that MAC Cosmetics counters have also been hugely helpful for them, as have the people who work at Sephora's stores.
In addition to just having a vocal community of women talking about makeup online, Alison now also has a wealth of information from transgender women themselves, who have taken to the internet to post about their own experiences. Alarm did so for Into the Gloss, and Nicola Jane Chase for PopSugar. Even Caitlyn Jenner is rumored to be working on a makeup line herself. It's an ongoing conversation, one that doesn't end with transitioning or have any right or wrong answers. Ultimately, it's about finding oneself.
Now more than ever before, transgender women are stepping forward to teach women like them helpful makeup tips, and make sure that they don't feel like they're alone in a journey that doesn't end with transitioning.
As Alison told Mic, "It's not just about fitting in, but enjoying this part of my life."
* Last name has been withheld to allow subject to speak freely on private matters.
Hey Gnomies,
I have a special treat for you this month. Instead of doing my regular giveaway for an item of your choice from my jewelry shop Crafty Little Gnome, I have an extra couple of prizes for you.
In addition to winning an item of their choice from Crafty Little Gnome, one winner will also get some awesome goods from GroovyGurls.
GroovyGurls are offering a Eco-Friendly Reusable zippered lunch bag and a coin purse!
GroovyGurls has lots of affordable zippered lunch pouches and coin purses available in really cute, fun prints. With school starting again soon, it's the perfect time to stock up.
Head over to my shop and check out what jewelry you would like to win and click on the photos above to get more details about the pouches from GroovyGurls, then head back here to enter the contest.
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Contest closes on August 31.
Want your handmade goods to be featured in next month's giveaway? Email me at info@craftylittlegnome.com for details.
Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images Sean Hannity
Some advertisers are leaving Fox News host Sean Hannity's program.
The decision came after Hannity's interview with Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore.
Several companies decided to pull their ads from Fox News host Sean Hannity's show following pressure after their interview of Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore on Friday.
Following a bombshell Washington Post report that Moore engaged in sexual misconduct with a 14-year old and dated several teenagers when they were in their 30's, the former Alabama judge went on Hannity's radio program to defend himself.
Though the host earned some praise for asking Moore about the specific allegations, critics of the interview said the host went too easy on Moore, and over the weekend, liberal group Media Matters resumed its campaign to pressure advertisers to boycott Hannity's Fox News show, "Hannity."
Indeed on Saturday, several advertisers announced they were pulling their ads from "Hannity," though they did not cite specific reasons for pulling the ads.
Coffeemaker company Keurig, Realtor.com, ELOQUII, 23andMe, Nature's Bounty, and E*Trade all announced over the weekend that they had no plans to advertise on the Fox News show.
It's unclear whether the decision by several advertisers to pull their ads will result in any serious repercussions for the show.
Hannity maintains some of the strongest ratings in cable news, and has weathered previous boycott calls by Media Matters partially by rallying their viewers and supporters.
On Saturday, the host retweeted several memes of users expressing support for him, and some Hannity fans went even further, starting a #BoycottKeurig campaign and sharing videos of people destroying the coffee machines.
In an interview on Fox News in September, former host Bill O'Reilly's lamented the advertising boycott that helped push them out following reports of repeated sexual harassment, and complimented Hannity's ability to ward off a similar boycott.
"You fought back when they came after you last spring," O'Reilly told Hannity. "I didn't, and I should have."
According to the Commerce Department, personal income climbed 0.4% during November, which is the largest increase in the past six months. Additionally, personal spending increased by a modest 0.5% in November as well.
While itâ€™s good to see these numbers increasing, it should be noted that the gains in both personal income and personal spending came in below economistsâ€™ expectations.
The personal savings rate came in at 4.7% of disposable income for November, which is the same percentage as October.
Back during the boom years, when home prices were skyrocketing and credit was easy to come by, it was not unusual to see the personal savings rate come in at negative number, meaning people were spending more than they were bringing in.
However, as the recession took hold, credit became harder to obtain and consumers started to restock their savings, causing the personal savings rate to climb back to a much more comfortable and economically sustainable percentage.
While this reverse in saving habits likely made the economic downturn slightly worse due to the fact consumer spending makes up about 70% of the United Statesâ€™ GDP, in the long run it is whatâ€™s best for a healthy economy. Savings helps to foster investment and real, sustainable growth across the entire economy, not just in consumption driven areas.
At least four of the journalists who had their press accreditations confiscated by police at the G20 summit last Friday had worked in the Kurdish regions of southeastern Turkey, raising suspicions in the German media that the Turkish government may have pressured German authorities into shutting them out.
According to reports by German public broadcaster ARD and the Süddeutsche Zeitung, the journalists' press passes were taken off them without explanation, even after they had been in and out of the secured area around the conference center in Hamburg where the summit was held.
Chris Grodotzki, a photographer for Germany's Der Spiegel, told DW that they had picked up their accreditation normally on Wednesday, but on trying to re-enter the conference center on Saturday had been faced with police officers carrying a two-page list of names that they said they had been given them by Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA).
Some 32 journalists had their press accreditations confiscated by German police
No reason given
Grodotzki said the officers were systematically checking all journalists going into the center. "Then they told me they can't let me go in, and put me in a closed tent to one side, where I sat for a while, and then the superiors came and told me that the accreditation had been cancelled," said Grodotzki. They added that they were not asked any questions by the officers, and that they themselves did not seem to know why the accreditations were being confiscated.
The German government has refused to release the police's list, for "data protection" reasons, though Grodotzki said it was no problem for them to see it at the time, and believes the press reports that around 32 names were on it sounded accurate.
Nine of the journalists, who were mostly German, were later told in writing by the BKA that they were being shut out of the event "in consultation between the participating authorities."
According to the Süddeutsche Zeitung, four of these nine had previously worked in the Kurdish areas of Turkey, even though German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert insisted on Tuesday that the authorities mentioned in the letter were all German - and did not belong to any foreign government.
What has raised particular suspicion is that Grodotzki was arrested in 2014 in southeastern Turkey along with another German journalist, Björn Kietzmann of the Action Press agency, who had their accreditation confiscated in Hamburg. The pair had taken photos near Kobane, a Kurdish city on the Turkish-Syrian border, and were arrested in Diyarbakir, one of the largest Kurdish-dominated cities of southeastern Turkey, where they were held for 31 hours and accused of espionage.
German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said that the black list would not be released
"It's certainly suspicious, when you and a colleague who were both in Turkey at the same time had their accreditation confiscated - the thought does pop up naturally," said Grodotzki. "I can't prove it."
The plot thickens
"I can only speculate of course, but that does seem strange to me," Kietzmann said. "It could be that they dug up information about how I went to demonstrations ten years ago when I was a student - I've no idea." But if that was the case, they point out, why had they been granted an accreditation for the G7 summit in Bavaria in 2015, and why had they been allowed to accompany German troops in Afghanistan in 2012? "It would surprise me if they'd now decided I was a security threat because I went to demonstrations in 2005," they told DW.
Kietzmann also said they had applied for their accreditation on June 15, and had received approval shortly afterwards - surely, they said, any security background checks on journalists should and would have been carried out then.
The pattern was repeated elsewhere: Willi Effenberger, a photographer for the Junge Welt newspaper who also had their accreditation confiscated, told the taz newspaper that they had once been arrested in Turkey, and had taken photos in Diyarbakir.
Adil Yigit, a Turkish journalist for the Avrupa Postasi outlet, who also had their G20 accreditation confiscated, told the taz newspaper, "I think the Turkish side is behind this. The head of the Turkish secret service Hakan Fidan was with [Turkish President] Erdoğan in Hamburg on Thursday. I took photos of both of them and reported on it. I think the Turkish intelligence agency passed that on to their German colleagues."
At Monday's regular government press conference, German Interior Ministry spokesperson Johannes Dimroth refused to say what security risks the journalists represented at the G20, or even what kinds of security risks journalists might represent, on the grounds that this would infringe the privacy rights of the journalists involved.
Dimroth insisted, however, that the confiscation was "in no form meant as a criticism of their reporting." The confiscations were "exclusively for security reasons."
High seas and pounding surf have revealed a piece of the past at Cumberland Island National Seashore in Georgia, where a shipwreck thought to date to the mid-1800s has surfaced.
Whether the remains are those of a freighter hauling corn, tobacco or cotton, or maybe a blockade runner with Civil War ties, is not yet known, and might never be. Seashore officials say the remains depict a craft roughly 80 feet long. Unfortunately, there are few clues as to the ship's provenance.
"This is only a section of the boat and is not the full craft. Due to the broken nature of the wreck, archaeologists are unable to determine the function. However, based on the boat's construction, it is believed that it was built in the mid-19th century," read a release from the Seashore. "The two most prominent features uncovered are the 30+ ribs and approximately 10 pieces of the outer shell planking. The wooden timbers are fastened together by pegs or treenails."
So far archaeologists have been unable to identify the wood used in the construction, but hope they'll be able to both identify the wood and date it from samples they took. That information could help them narrow down the date of the shipwreck.
Somewhat interestingly, while the Seashore was designated back in 1972, this is the first wreck discovered on its shores since then. Still, "historical records document several shipwrecks off Cumberland Island," the Seashore notes. "However, due to the lack of artifacts and identifying information associated with this piece of shipwreck, archaeologists are unable to determine the shipwreck's name, origin, or type of ship."
After excavating part of shipwreck so they could take measurements and photographs, archaeologists buried the wreck again in the sand for its protection, the release noted, adding that "this is a common practice for protecting shipwrecks along the Atlantic barrier island coast. Wooden objects which have been submerged in a marine environment will quickly deteriorate once exposed to the air."
Seashore officials also have not specifically identified where the wreck is located. Archaeological resources are protected under the Archaeological Resource Protection Act of 1979. In part, this act provides special protection to archaeological resources by prohibiting the unauthorized removal or excavation of archaeological resources.
Image copyright AP Image caption Sam Smith is the first solo male British act to perform a Bond film's theme song since 1965
Sam Smith's Writing's On The Wall has made history by becoming the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK.
The track achieved combined chart sales and streams of 70,000 copies - 13,000 ahead of its closest competitor, Justin Bieber's What Do You Mean?
The previous highest-charting Bond themes were Adele's Skyfall and Duran Duran's View To A Kill, which both reached number two.
Smith said they were "so proud" of the song and being number one was "crazy".
They told BBC Radio 1: "Out of all the songs I've brought out in my life, I was not expecting this to even chart in the top 10, let alone number one. It's unbelievable."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bond song 'not a classic but good enough'
Smith is the first solo male British act to perform the opening number for a James Bond film since 1965, when Tom Jones was heard over the credits for Thunderball.
Smith's song, a mournful ballad, divided opinion when it was unveiled last week, with critics labelling it both "bland" and "beautiful".
"When the song came out I was so nervous," the singer said. "It's impossible to bring out a Bond song that pleases everyone.
"Everyone's had mixed reviews when they bring one out, but the charts don't lie and people seem to love it and enjoy it and that's just the most magical thing."
Writing's On The Wall follows the success of Adele's Skyfall, which won a Grammy, an Oscar, a Brit Award and a Golden Globe.
Them song failed to reach the top of the charts because it was released on a Wednesday - meaning Swedish House Mafia's Don't You Worry Child prevailed, thanks to a 48-hour head start.
Duran Duran's A View To A Kill reached number two in 1985, while Paul McCartney and Wings' Live and Let Die only reached number seven.
Shirley Bassey's Goldfinger, possibly the most famous Bond song, was the singer's biggest hit in the US, peaking at number eight - but it only reached 21 in the UK.
Top five UK singles 1) Writing's On The Wall Sam Smith 2) What Do You Mean Justin Bieber 3) Locked Away R City ft Adam Levine 4) Easy Love Sigala 5) Can't Feel My Face The Weeknd Top five UK albums 1) Caracal Disclosure 2) Music Complete New Order 3) Rattle That Lock David Gilmour 4) Every Open Eye Churches 5) I Cry When I Laugh Jess Glynne
Writing's On The Wall is Smith's fifth number one single, following La La La (with Naughty Boy), Money On My Mind, Stay With Me and Lay Me Down.
 They are due to unveil the video on Monday at 00:07 BST.
Image copyright PA Image caption R&B star The Weeknd has been stuck at number five for the past month
Elsewhere in this week's singles chart, R City and Adam Levine stayed at number three with Locked Away.
Sigala's former number one Easy Love slipped from two to four, and The Weeknd's Can't Feel My Face remained at five for the fourth week in a row.
Caracal triumphs
Meanwhile, dance duo Disclosure, who provided production work on Smith's Bond theme along with songwriter Jimmy Napes, scored their second number one album.
Caracal features another collaboration with Smith, Omen, as well as tracks with The Weeknd, Gregory Porter, Kwabs, Lorde, and Miguel.
Combined sales and streaming figures put it more than 8,000 copies ahead of its nearest rival New Order, who return with their 10th studio album, Music Complete.
The album is the band's highest-charting album in 22 years and features collaboration with Brandon Flowers, La Roux and Iggy Pop.
Scottish synth-pop group Chvrches charted at four with their second studio album Every Open Eye.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin inspecting tornado damage with National Guard leaders.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin inspecting tornado damage with National Guard leaders.
Supreme Court decisions or not, Defense Department orders or not, bigots are gonna be bigots. That's the reminder we get from various states' refusals to follow a direct order from Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to give National Guard members in same-sex marriages the spousal benefits to which they are entitled. Bigots can take different routes, though. In Texas, they're simply refusing to do it, sending same-sex couples to federal facilities that might be hundreds of miles away. Oklahoma, by contrast, has stopped processing spousal benefits for everyone , apparently figuring it doesn't count as discrimination if you treat everyone equally badly in order to be allowed to treat some people badly.
In an announcement earlier in the month, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin said:
FALLIN: Oklahoma law is clear. The state of Oklahoma does not recognize same-sex marriages, nor does it confer marriage benefits to same-sex couples. The decision reached today allows the National Guard to obey Oklahoma law without violating federal rules or policies. It protects the integrity of our state constitution and sends a message to the federal government that they cannot simply ignore our laws or the will of the people.
Actually, the federal government can and often does supersede state laws. That's not generally controversial except among secessionists. For instance, several states have laws on the books saying they don't have a minimum wage, or have one below the federal level of $7.25. Yet despite state law, the minimum wage in those states is $7.25 an hour. Or take interracial marriage. At the time the Supreme Court decided Loving v. Virginia, Oklahoma had a state law against interracial marriage; that law was effectively struck down by the Court's decision. Fallin's implication that it would somehow be unprecedented for Oklahoma to have to do something it doesn't want to do because of the federal government is twisted and moronic, and as Think Progress points out, the vast majority of funding for the Oklahoma Military Department comes from the federal government to begin with.
Meanwhile, of course, the lives of all married Oklahoma National Guards are made more difficult in service of a spiteful bigotry.
On April 25, 2017, multiple Twitch streamers partnered up with Heroes of the Storm community members for the Tryhard – For Good! charity campaign. After two weeks of coaching, our guests took to the Hero League ladder to put their skills to the test. Marcus ‘Dyrus' Hill, a five-time League of Legends World Championship attendee, went the extra mile to test their newfound Heroes skills by competing in a professional Heroes Global Championship (HGC) match this past weekend.
During one of their charity stream sessions, Justin ‘Justing' Gapp from Team 8 donated to Dyrus' stream and asked if they would be interested in playing in the team's final match of the season this past Saturday. “I followed them and DM'd them about it and just said that I would like to at least do one scrim before the match so I don't play like complete and utter garbage,” Dyrus said. “The scrim was good for me — we scrimmed against Tempo Storm for four hours. Apparently they're the best team, so I got the full [pro Heroes] treatment.”
Dyrus spent the scrimmage with Team 8 learning everything they could when it came to the macro game.
“What I tried to focus on in the scrims was to try and do my best to become less of a burden on my teammates, and try to figure out where I need to go before the captain/shot caller even calls it to put less of a strain on them and the rest of my teammates.”
Mike 'Glaurung' Fisk led Team 8 to a top four placement at the Western Clash at IEM Katowice.
The shot caller in question is Mike ‘Glaurung' Fisk, a veteran melee assassin player formerly of Tempo Storm, Cognitive Gaming, and Denial eSports. “Glaurung was a really insanely good shot caller, and so it just made the scrims and everything really easy,” Dyrus added.
After practice, Dyrus took what they had learned and applied it to their ranked ladder climb. “I took that experience into Hero League and hit Grandmaster before I played the HGC match, because I wanted to use my experience from the scrim. I think that the scrim probably helped me a huge amount. I played games with Kure — everyone calls them like a super tryhard in Hero League. I was playing against them and with them a lot, and that helped.” Yusuf ‘Kure' Sunka recently won Heroes of the Dorm with the University of Texas-Arlington and will be one of the most contested free agents heading into the HGC transfer period.
Dyrus and Team 8 showed up on gameday, with playoff seeding on the line, and defeated their opponents No Tomorrow 3-1.
“I think it was a very humbling experience,” said Dyrus. “I was kind of expecting my fans and people that already play the game to be more brutal, I guess. I'm used to taking a lot of flak for no reason most of the time when I was playing League. I actually enjoyed the game a lot more than I thought I would; 15- or 20-minute games of just having fun and brawling out and learning about the metas, you know, having a good incentive to get good for charity has honestly been really, really fun for me. I think that it actually helped me in terms of team fighting mechanics for League too, because there is a lot more team fighting in Heroes. I feel like people who play Heroes are generally better at team fighting than most people who play League.”
Dyrus suggests that League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm are very similar for a competitor of their caliber. “League of Legends is ultimately another MOBA game and a lot of mechanics transfer over. It's just more about understanding what the meta is as fast as possible and adapting and learning,” they said. “In League of Legends, the reason why it became such a hard game is not only because the player base got bigger, but because you had to adapt to every single patch and update. League of Legends was constantly a different game over time, and I had to learn how to adapt and get better fast.”
Dyrus has dedicated themselves to Heroes in the last three weeks with the strong work ethic required of a professional player, embodying the essence of what it means to tryhard. It's a bonus that he's been so warmly received by the community.
“I'll definitely play [Heroes of the Storm] off stream. As for streaming it, there will probably be specific days for it,” said Dyrus. “In the end, my fan base is mostly League of Legends players, so I have to spend most of my time catering to them—and that's for good reason, of course—but I think that if I ever feel like I'm really burnt out on League I think I would have a lot more fun playing Heroes.”
At the time of writing, Dyrus has raised $26,400 for Make-A-Wish® after achieving Grandmaster rank and winning 114 Hero League games. They also managed a 100% win percentage on Dehaka for what might be the shortest competitive Heroes of the Storm career anyone has had to date. “It's a lot of fun being able to fill in the shoes of a pro player just for a little bit.”
Virginia NORML lobby day at the capitol brought around fifty supporters of weed legalization from around the state.
Virginia NORML lobby day at the capitol brought around fifty supporters of weed legalization from around the state.
Sen. Adam Ebbin's bill calling for the decriminalization of small amounts of weed was the group's main focus this session.
Senate Bill 686, drafted by Ebbin, eliminates the jail sentence for marijuana possession and lowers the fine to a maximum of $100. It would also decriminalize growing marijuana, allowing individuals to have up to six plants for personal use.
Sen. Ebbin came out to speak with the crowd lobbying for marijuana reform. They thanked the group and asked them to share their bad experiences with small possession charges when the bill comes forward.
Ebbin said if the bill fails this session, they would continue to pursue it in the future.
“There are too many Virginians who are affected by this issue, too many Virginians who have suffered from this issue, not to have a full and frank discussion of this in the General Assembly until it finally becomes law,” Ebbin said.
Virginia NORML activists cited many of the same reasons for believing in the decriminalization and eventual legalization of marijuana.
Erik Altieri, communications director for National NORML, said Virginia could put their resources to much better use.
“We are spending way too much money in this state arresting non-violent criminals,” Altieri said. “We're spending close to $70 million a year on simple possession arrests, and we're arresting over 18,000 people for not much of a result. We believe we can better utilize our law enforcement and judicial resources to combat violent crime. “
Duke Dunn, political activist from Northern Virginia, said the harsh penalties for marijuana charges put an unnecessary strain on individuals and their families.
“It's a hardship on families and it actually wrecks families. I'm a prime example of that,” Dunn said.
The father of Dunn's granddaughter is currently serving time for marijuana possession and distribution.
“Now he's not even in the family picture.” Dunn said. “I'm having to take over the responsibility and act as dad.”
Paige McCormick, organizer with the DC Cannabis Campaign, noted the negative impact drug charges have on the student population.
“Currently if I get arrested for a marijuana, I'm not eligible for any student aid or loans,” said McCormick. “With decriminalization students or prospective students would get a citation and would still be eligible for student loans. So that's huge.”
Richard Kennedy, board member at Virginia NORML and former CIA analyst has “never even tried the stuff,” but said that as an economist they believe in sensible policies. They also pointed out the racial disparity found in marijuana charges.
“It appalls me that the way marijuana laws are enforced against people of color. They use marijuana at the same rate as us white people do, but the black person who uses it is 3.7 times more likely to get arrested for it as the white person. And having been arrested, they suffer worse consequences.”
Most members of the group said decriminalization is just the first step to their ultimate goal of legalization.
“I personally think that marijuana should just be legalized,” McCormick said. “But if Virginia, as conservative as it is, if we can just get this, this will help save many people's lives. They'll still have a future ahead of them.
A recent internal email suggests that the Sheriffs Association isn't necessarily negotiating in good faith. An email from Timmons called on sheriffs to contact their legislators "if you value your permit fund." They specifically warned against a compromise that would clearly benefit Alabama's gun owners. "The National Rifle Association WILL return next time the Legislature meets to bring back Jabo [Waggoner's] 'any county bill' and will push for uniform – one cost – statewide permit fee...if any fee at all!"
Rising star constitutional lawyer Timothy Sandefur likes to say government confiscates our rights and then sells them back to us. This view certainly explains the behind-the-scenes approach of the Alabama Sheriffs' Association is taking in fighting proposed legislation, S.B. 24, that removes the need for a concealed carry permit. In public, the sheriffs' body says officers would be endangered. But AL.com reporter Cameron Smith got hold of an email from the association that suggests that their opposition to the bill on "officer safety" grounds is not the real motivation.
Second only to taxation, regulation is the most profitable activity of the modern state. Bureaucrats empower themselves and extract resources for themselves out of it. The concealed carry permits political debate in Alabama shows how this factor may be decisive yet go unmentioned in the public discussion.
If the Sheriffs Association's opposition was primarily an officer safety issue, the big "push" email didn't make it a direct focal point at all.
Rising star constitutional lawyer Timothy Sandefur likes to say government confiscates our rights and then sells them back to us. This view certainly explains the behind-the-scenes approach of the Alabama Sheriffs' Association is taking in fighting proposed legislation, S.B. 24, that removes the need for a concealed carry permit. In public, the sheriffs' body says officers would be endangered. But AL.com reporter Cameron Smith got hold of an email from the association that suggests that their opposition to the bill on "officer safety" grounds is not the real motivation.
A recent internal email suggests that the Sheriffs Association isn't necessarily negotiating in good faith. An email from Timmons called on sheriffs to contact their legislators "if you value your permit fund." They specifically warned against a compromise that would clearly benefit Alabama's gun owners. "The National Rifle Association WILL return next time the Legislature meets to bring back Jabo [Waggoner's] 'any county bill' and will push for uniform – one cost – statewide permit fee...if any fee at all!" If the Sheriffs Association's opposition was primarily an officer safety issue, the big "push" email didn't make it a direct focal point at all.
Second only to taxation, regulation is the most profitable activity of the modern state. Bureaucrats empower themselves and extract resources for themselves out of it. The concealed carry permits political debate in Alabama shows how this factor may be decisive yet go unmentioned in the public discussion.
Hat tip: Instapundit
Ray Allen rightfully made headlines two years ago when they passed Reggie Miller to become the NBA's all-time leader in career 3-pointers. The NBA isn't the only pro basketball league in the U.S., though, and when former USC player Larry Ayuso set the Baloncesto Superior Nacional career record last night in San Juan it brought Puerto Rico to its feet in praise. (Especially the two characters you see in the above video.)
Ayuso was born in the Bronx to Puerto Rican parents and while their professional basketball career has taken them far and wide (D-League stint in Iowa, Euroleague) he's been a fixture of Puerto Rican basketball for nearly two decades; they scored 15 points for Los Doce Magníficos in their famous 2004 Olympics upset of a Tim Duncan-led Team USA.
Ayuso's BSN record of 1,120—set last night in a 100-94 loss to Santurce—isn't exactly within sight of Ray Allen's 2,857. But Allen's had 1,227 games to tally that mark, whereas the considerably shorter BSN summer season means Ayuso reached 1,120 in only 374 games. That's 2.99 threes a game, a significantly higher average than Allen's 2.33.
Other than in Olympic and World Baseball Classic years sport in Puerto Rico is something all but ignored here on the mainland, which is unfortunate; several NBA players have ascended to the league after growing into their abilities in the BSN. Coaches, too, often get a start in Puerto Rico—Phil Jackson, most famously, coached Piratas before finding work with the Chicago Bulls. [WAPA]
In this article, I would like to present some of the collected empiric evidence on gun ownership and gun-related death. The need for empiric evidence on this topic is to move the discussion away from opinions and beliefs, and towards what actually happens to actual people. This article will be critical of gun ownership, so gun enthusiasts may want to avoid reading this article, as it will present a lot of data that puts firearms in a bad light.
It is estimated that 40-45% of American households own a firearm, and that 30-35% of American adults own a firearm (http://www.justfacts.com/...). According to the Small Arms Survey in 2007 (http://www.smallarmssurvey.org/...), the US leads the world in firearms ownership with 88 firearms per 100 persons. Our closest competitors were the countries of Yemen (54.8 firearms per 100 persons), Switzerland (45.7 firearms per 100 persons), and Finland (45.3 firearms per 100 persons).
This data is from the CDC web-site (http://www.cdc.gov/...). During the period 2008-2009, the last year for which complete data is available, there were 62,940 deaths in the US due to firearms, for a crude (non-age adjusted) rate of 10.29 deaths per 100,000 persons. If you lived in a city of 100,000 persons, you could expect that 10 of your neighbors would die from a firearm injury that year. 1,146 of these deaths were classified as “unintentional” (an accident), and 61,289 of these deaths were classified as “Violence-related” (presumably intentional). During the same period, there were 145,390 non-fatal firearm injuries here in the US, with a crude rate of 23.8 non-fatal injuries per 100,000 persons. If you lived in a city of 100,000 persons, you could expect 24 of your neighbors to suffer an injury due to a firearm that year. Of these injuries, 35,826 were classified as “Unintentional”, while 109,565 non-fatal injuries were “Violence-related”.
For comparison purposes, I looked up the data in bicycle-related injuries and deaths, figuring that bicycles were probably at least as ubiquitous as firearms in American households. During the same period 2008-2009, there were 1,013,739 non-fatal bicycle-related injuries here in the US, many more injuries than were caused by firearms that year. But, there were only 785 fatal bicycle-related injuries, for a crude rate of 0.26 bicycle-related deaths per 100,000 persons. Here I will offer an interpretation: bicycles are less deadly than firearms because firearms, unlike bicycles, are built with the purpose of killing people. When discussing injury or death due to bicycle use, the classification of events into “intentional” vs. “accidental” is irrelevant, because bicycles are not designed to be people-killing machines.
The FBI released information that showed in 2008, there were 16,272 murders in the US; and that firearms were the cause of 10,886 (or 67%) of these murders (http://www.fbi.gov/...). Far and away, a firearm is the preferred tool of those who commit murder, precisely because firearms are designed expressedly for the purpose of killing people
This data is from a peer-reviewed article published in the International Journal of Epidemiology in 1998 (Krug EG. Intl J Epidemiology. 1998; 27:214-22). The authors collected data from 36 countries they identified as “high income” (countries as wealthy as the US) and “upper-middle income” countries with populations of greater than 1 million persons. Total firearm deaths in the US were found to occur at a rate of 14.24 per 100,000 persons, the highest rate of all countries studied, and a rate that was eight-fold higher than the combined rate of firearm deaths in all economically similar countries, and 1.5 times higher than the combined rate for the “upper middle income” countries. The three countries with the next highest firearm death rate after the US were Brazil (12.95 firearm deaths per 100,000 persons), Mexico (12.69 firearm deaths per 100,000 persons), and Estonia (12.26 firearm deaths per 100,000 persons). For all countries studied, the combined death rate due to firearms was 6.9 per 100,000 persons, less than half the death rate due to firearms found in the US. The take-home message here: the US has more killings due to firearms than any other industrialized country in the world.
This is data from a report released by the CDC in 1997 (http://www.cdc.gov/...). The CDC collected data from the US and 25 other wealthy, industrialized nations on rates of childhood homicide, suicide, and firearm-related deaths. Pooling the data from all the countries, 86% of all firearm-related fatalities in children under the age of 15 occurred in the US. The overall firearm-related death rate among US children under the age of 15 years was nearly 12 times higher than among the children of the other 25 nations combined. The firearm-related homicide rate among US children was nearly 16 times higher than for children in all other countries combined. The firearm-related suicide rate was over ten times higher for US children than for children in all other countries combined. And the accidental (unintentional) firearm-related death rate for US children was nine times higher for US children than for other children combined. Children here in the US are on average ten times more likely to kill themselves using a gun, and nine times more likely to die by accidental firearm injury than children in other wealthy, industrialized nations.
Owning a gun at home substantially increase the risk of death by firearm to everyone in the home. It turns out that suicide is the leading cause of death for Americans who have purchased a handgun within the previous year. (data published in the New England Journal of Medicine – Wintermute GJ. NEJM. 2008; 358:1421-4). Like cigarette smoke, owning a firearm has deleterious effects on everyone in the home, not just on the one who purchased the gun. Writing in the peer-reviewed journal Annals of Emergency Medicine, Dr. Wiebe reported on a case-controlled study in which household were matched on a number of demographic factors, and then incidences of gun violence were compared. They found that people who keep a gun in their home are almost twice as likely to die in a gun-related homicide, and that the risk was especially greater for women: women living in a home where there is a gun are almost three times more likely to die in a gun-related homicide than men similarly situated. The risk of killing oneself using a gun was almost 17 times greater for persons who live in a home where there is a gun, compared to those in homes without guns. (Wiebe D. Annals of Emergency Medicine. 2003; 41:771-82).
Gun enthusiasts like to claim that keeping a gun handy protects them and their family from violent intruders. The study by Wiebe shows that having a gun at home is associated with an increased risk of dying by gunfire, so gun ownership does not appear to be protective of violent firearms-related killings. But the Wiebe study was also able to compute the likelihood of dying by violence other than gunfire. They found there was no relationship between owning a gun and homicide by means other than a gun. In other words, having a gun around is not associated with a decreased risk of homicide of any sort. The study could find no empiric evidence that owning a gun confers some protection on a household from homicide. To my knowledge, there is no peer-reviewed study published anywhere that provides evidence that guns or gun ownership protects individuals from death or injury. If anyone reading this knows of such a study, I hope they will tell me so I can go read that study.
The British Boxing Board of Control has condemned the proposed fight between David Haye and Dereck Chisora and threatened to remove the licence of anyone involved.
Haye and Chisora are set to meet on 14 July in a fight sanctioned by the Luxembourg Boxing Federation.
The BBBoC said: "Those behind this proposal are not concerned with the interests of the sport of boxing.
"Anyone who participates will be deemed to have terminated their membership."
Analysis "This is the board's attempt to reassert its authority. It wouldn't have been so strident in its response without taking legal advice so it might at least make one or two people think twice if approached to be part of the promotion. Haye and Chisora might not be too concerned, but those feeling more vulnerable might be the undercard boxers, the referees, the judges and the officials."
Haye and Chisora will fight at West Ham's Upton Park ground, having been involved in a brawl following Chisora's defeat by Vitali Klitschko in Munich in February.
The BBBoC will not sanction the fight because neither man holds a British licence.
Chisora had their boxing licence withdrawn after the brawl in Munich, although they have appealed against the decision, while Haye opted not to renew their own licence, having announced their retirement in October 2011.
The BBBoC statement read: "Dereck Chisora has recently had their licence withdrawn on the ground that they are not a fit and proper person to hold a boxer's licence.
"David Haye does not hold a boxer's licence with the British Boxing Board of Control.
"If they applied for a licence their fitness to hold a licence would have to be considered.
Media playback is not supported on this device George Foreman on Dereck Chisora and drugs in boxing
"Any member who participates in such a promotion would bring the sport of boxing into disrepute and would wholly undermine the authority of the British Boxing Board of Control.
"For the avoidance of doubt, any member of the British Boxing Board of Control who participates in any way in such a promotion will be deemed to have terminated his/her membership of the British Boxing Board of Control and his/her licence therewith, for the reasons stated above.
"[The BBBoC] does not approve of such a promotion taking place within its jurisdiction and will not supply any of its officials to officiate at such a promotion."
Bruce Baker, chairperson of the Professional Boxing Promoters' Association and the UK representative of the Luxembourg Boxing Federation, believes the statement is "just a threat".
How can the fight happen? European Union freedom of trade laws permit the fight to be held in the United Kingdom, while they have been given licences by the Luxembourg Boxing Federation. Read more: Haye & Chisora fight Q&A
"We are looking at the statement, our solicitors are looking at it and we'll make a reply in due course," they told BBC Sport.
"I am confident the show will go ahead. Nobody is doing anything illegal."
Frank Warren, Chisora's manager, does not think their licence as a promoter is under threat.
They said on Tuesday: "What I'm doing is legal and lawful.
"I have a managerial contract with Chisora, I have legal obligations to them and I won't have these compromised by the British Boxing Board of Control.
"When they made their decision, they said they were able to apply for a licence in another jurisdiction. That was said at the hearing, and that is what he's done."
Celebrate WV Beer!
Get ready for a taste of real mountain flavor as you make your journey around West Virginia along the WV Craft Beer Trail! Experience all the best beers WV has to offer.
Check out all the amazing craft beer the state has to offer and sign up to win beer-related prizes. Join in the celebration of beer from West Virginia with the second, limited-time only, #GoToWV badge! Check-in to any beer brewed at any West Virginia brewery listed below between 8/9 - 8/31 to get the second , limited-time only, #GoToWV Craft Beer Guide badge!
Charleston Brewing Company
North End Tavern
Lost River Brewing Company
Mountain Dragon Mazery
Morgantown Brewing Company
Mountain State Brewing Co.
Bridge Brew Works
Greenbrier Valley Brewing Co.
Screech Owl Brewery
Berkeley Springs Brewing Company
Chestnut Brew Works
Wheeling Brewing Company
Big Timber Brewing Company
Stumptown Ales
Hawk Knob
Dobra Zupas
Blackwater Brewing Company
Brew Keepers
Don't forget to check out Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Use the hastags #GoToWV #WVbeer to follow along!
Steve Spurrier stops by SportsCenter to talk about their life after retiring from coaching and what they miss the most. (2:10)
I've had my share of controversial quotes aired or published. But in talking to the media, I always strove for accuracy, clarity, and honesty. And sometimes a little fun. A few quotes attributed to me, however, I did not say. Most I did. And all the silly jokes and funny comments were in the off-season.
Over the years I've saved certain special comments for Clemson, Georgia, Tennessee, and FSU. And I always stood behind the quotes I actually made.
Probably my favorite quote was a comment I made on why South Carolina always preferred playing Georgia early in the season.
I said, "I sort of always liked playing them that second game because you could always count on them having two or three key players suspended." Their AD, Greg McGarity, who I knew when they were at Florida, remarked: "How can you be mad at them for saying that? It's the truth!" A few Bulldog fans even came up to me and said, "I like that one!" Apparently, even our rivals sometimes agreed with my comments about their teams.
A lot of this back and forth began my first year at Florida in response to some of the stuff said by Georgia fans and coaches. And it sort of carried over to South Carolina.
Clemson was a natural target while I was at South Carolina and enjoyed trading light jabs with Dabo Swinney. Dabo and I seemed to enjoy going back and forth. Clemson, of course, has nicknamed its Memorial Stadium Death Valley. So just to have a little fun, I was talking to the media one day when I suggested there were several stadiums with that name -- one being LSU's in Baton Rouge.
Hall of Fame coach Steve Spurrier's new book "Head Ball Coach" will be released Tuesday, Aug. 30. Courtesy of Blue Rider Press
I said, "Most of our guys have never been to Death Valley. That [LSU's] is the Death Valley, isn't it? Or is there another one? There's two of them? That's right, there's two Death Valleys. Was LSU the first one or the second one? They were first? Oh, okay."
Dabo fired back, saying for sure their stadium was "the original" Death Valley. And then they added: "I am pretty sure that is accurate, but I can see where they might have had a little confusion. Our guys have never been to USC. California is a long way from here. I can see where there might be a little confusion there -- two Death Valleys and two USCs, but there is only one real one. That is classic Spurrier. When they are winning, you can say anything you want.  They are one of the best."
One quote I did not make, but that was originally attributed to me following our 34-13 win over Clemson in 2011: Todd Ellis, our play-by-play announcer, was actually the one who said, "We aren't LSU and we aren't Alabama. But we sure ain't Clemson."
Unfortunately, that quote got picked up on our official Twitter account and it was assumed I said it.
Coach Swinney fired back: "They ain't Alabama. They ain't LSU. And they're certainly not Clemson. That's why Carolina's in Chapel Hill and USC's in California and the university in this state always has been, always will be Clemson ... You can print that, tweet that, whatever."
Eventually my friend Dabo and I got that cleared up and now we can look back at it and laugh.
Then somehow Dabo and I got to talking about planets and they said about me: "He's from Pluto, and I'm from Mars."
And I responded: "Dabo probably thinks there's only, what, nine planets out there? I think I read where Pluto may not be considered one now." Since I also don't believe in going off the record, everything I said for print or broadcast was often quite candid. My quotes were not contrived. Sometimes they were just spontaneous.
Other times in the off-season when I spoke to alumni groups and told jokes, they were meant to stir up a little fun, or in some cases use humor to point out a discrepancy or a serious issue. Such as the shoe scandal in Tallahassee during Florida State's national championship season in 1993 when agents were found to have bought more than $6,000 worth of shoes for Seminoles players.
At a Gator Club meeting the next year, I said: "You know what FSU stands for, don't you? Free Shoes University." That one stuck.
A lot of times us coaches would use humorous stuff to fire up our fan bases in the off-season. I just enjoyed commenting and joking about our opponents. And they told jokes on us and it never bothered me. Including Bobby Bowden! You'll never see me upset when somebody says something about us.
So just like my visor, my quotes were very much a part of who I am and how I coached.
Sometimes it was a case of reacting to a question. One day in Hoover, Alabama, during SEC Media Days 2014, I was asked about the newly created trophy that would go to the winner of the South Carolina-Texas A&M game. The award is a bronze sculpture of James Bonham, a South Carolina student who would become a hero at the Battle of the Alamo. And so I remarked: "I don't know. I was raised in Tennessee and we were always taught that Davy Crockett was the hero of the Alamo."
A little later, after reading the story of James Bonham, I added: "I'm sure this guy Bonham was a hero and did a lot of good."
Truthfully, I don't look back at what I said unless it's called to my attention. But the editors of this book asked me to go over the list of my quotes they dug out for verification. And here are the ones that I claim:
At SEC Media Days 2015 when I had been asked so many times about retiring, I opened with this remark to the media: "A lot of familiar faces out there. I would've figured a bunch of you guys would have retired by now." On retirement: "Somebody said, 'Why are you still coaching?' I said, 'Well, I forgot to get fired, and I'm not going to cheat.' That's about the only way you lose your job: You get fired for losing or you cheat and then they get somebody else. I've not done any of those to any extent big-time, I guess."
On critics: "I know the critics are out there. That's why they're called 'critics.' They criticize everything. We gave them something to criticize [in 2014]."
On playing more than one quarterback: "I've been a coach to play two quarterbacks. You can win with two. Nothing in the rule book that says you have to play with one."
On managing players at my age, I made mention of Pope Francis, and it was one of my favorites: "They appointed this guy, and he's seventy-seven years old, and he's the leader of a billion people in the world. They call them the pope, and they replaced a guy that was eighty-five years old. So if they can be the leader of over a billion people worldwide, surely I can get eleven guys on the field."
An old joke I used many times at speaking engagements, about at a fire that burned twenty books at an Auburn University football dorm: "But the real tragedy was that fifteen hadn't been colored yet!"
To a photographer as our team posed in the Georgia Dome in December 1995 after winning our third of four consecutive SEC championships: "This is becoming our annual team picture."
A reporter asked who our punter Josh Korn was: "I'm not sure, but I think he's Jimmy Crack's brother."
Asked about a streaker who ran onto the field: "In my experience, I've learned women are better streakers."
Asked by Tennessee reporters how I felt being in "Big Orange Country": "I thought this was Vanderbilt country."
When Jadeveon Clowney got a speeding ticket: "I didn't know Jadeveon's car could go that fast. They don't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive."
When the Gators were playing at Tennessee's newly refurbished Neyland Stadium facility, asked at halftime how loud it was: "It was really loud, possibly louder than the Swamp. And then the game started."
At a Gator Club meeting in Orlando in the summer of 1997 after Tennessee had played in the Citrus Bowl three straight years: "You can't spell Citrus Bowl without a UT in it."
After our kicker Josh Brown made a career-long forty-nine-yard field goal to beat Tennessee 16-15 at Neyland Stadium in 2005: "I've finally got a new line: 'God is smiling on the Gamecocks.'"
And finally, this next one is not my quote. It was a story written and told by writer Chris Harry, then with The Tampa Tribune. They and their wife had gone to the movies and their babysitter answered the phone when I called, for some reason I've forgotten. It went like this, according to Harry:
They asked, "Is this Coach Spurrier? This is Christine. I'm Jeff Mitchell's girlfriend." [Mitchell was one of our best our offensive linemen.]
"Jeff Mitchell's girlfriend?" I responded. "Jeff Mitchell jumped offsides today!"
I guess it's true. After all, we coaches take advantage of every teaching opportunity we can get!
From the upcoming book "Head Ball Coach" by Steve Spurrier, reprinted with permission from Blue Rider Press, an imprint of Penguin USA. Click here for more information or to pre-order a copy.
In 2007, we launched the first ever AfterEllen Hot 100 and out L Word star Leisha Hailey took home the top prize. Last year, Ruby Rose proved popular with readers and was thrilled to be named number one. In 2016, so many of the OG list makers are still mainstays, but like every year, there are a bunch of new additions that fans went crazy for. In fact, this year's number one has never made the list before, but they beat some who have been around since the beginning. In case you haven't skipped ahead yet… Some stats (without giving too many spoilers): Around 25 percent of the women are out as somewhere on the spectrum, identifying as lesbian/bisexual/queer/sexually fluid.
Seven of the listmakers are YouTube stars or actores on web series.
There are 18 who count music as a major part of their career.
Only three athletes made it—U.S. soccer players.
More than 20 percent are women of color/from not explicitly white backgrounds.
At least 22 are age 40 or older.
Some TV ensemble scorecards include: Orange is the New Black (4), Faking It (4), The 100 (4), Wynonna Earp (3), Game of Thrones (3), The L Word (2), and Pretty Little Liars (2). Now onto the winners!
Poor John Cena, having been outclassed on the mic at every turn by The Rock, now they have to prepare for their verbal confrontation next week on Raw without their favourite weapons, the homophobic rap and the mean spirited gay joke, thanks to the intervention of those politically correct killjoys GLAAD. With WWE's unofficial theme for WrestleMania being the Attitude Era, Cena's promos have in recent weeks been peppered with homophobic innuendo like:
You left us high and dry to play a fairy with a tooth?
They wore lipstick in Get Shorty, and rocked a skirt for The Game Plan.
I'm like a big purple pinwheel so go ahead and blow me.
Just don't go racing to Witch Mountain, Rock, because your mountain is Brokeback.
The Rock's new movie? Well it's nothing like Walking Tall; they spend the movie in a bowling alley polishing my balls.
Do you really want to look back years from now and realize you shared your legacy with another man?! … Wait don't answer that.
Now The Miz and Alex Riley are co-champions and to celebrate it they're going to move in together. They're going to buy one of those tandem bikes and ride to bed bath and beyond to buy some duvets. And every evening they're going to relax with a glass of warm piot noir and watch The Notebook, or reruns of last season's Bachelor. ... You want to be a mentor and train him? Well, tonight I'm going to train you on how to be a man.
Rock didn't win, but it's OK, I'll give them a pearl necklace.
Given that their top babyface, who is a role model to thousands of young boys, was laying on the homophobia so thick in their promos of late, it is unsurprising that someone brought this to GLAAD's attention and they took some long overdue action. Long overdue, given that WWE courted GLAAD in 2002 to endorse the Billy and Chuck gay wedding angle only to pull a bait and switch on them (Billy and Chuck didn't go through with it, getting cold feet due to being two straight guys encouraged by their flamboyant manager Rico to get married for the publicity) and this is far from the first time Cena has used homophobic jokes in their promos. The end result is that WWE, like TNA, are now hypocritically launching an anti-bullying initiative:
World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) will be working with GLAAD to create and promote an anti-bullying initiative aimed at their core audience, and has invited us to conduct trainings for their staff of writers and editors. ... GLAAD contacted WWE executives and explained the problem after receiving our first reports. They then spoke to John Cena and the show's writers. We have been assured that not only will such incidents not happen again, WWE intends to reach out to their adolescent audience, with messages aimed making it clear that bullying someone with homophobic taunts or for their perceived sexual orientation is wrong. WWE released the following apology statement to that effect: "WWE takes this issue very seriously, and has already spoken with our talent about these incidents. We are taking steps and working with GLAAD to ensure that our fans know that WWE is against bullying or discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. We strongly value our fans in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, and apologize to them for these incidents."
I wonder if Vince McMahon will go on this anti-bullying training, because if not it may be a wasted effort. They obviously need the training more than most of their staff, given all the years he's allowed homophobic stereotypes and taunts on their programming. If they strongly valued the WWE fans in the LGBT community, then these stereotypes and taunts would have ended long ago, instead of being so behind the curve that they needed GLAAD pressure in 2011 to hopefully put an end to them once and for all.
Detox diets usually advise eating a lot of fruit
Dr Andrew Wadge, of the Food Standards Agency (FSA), said regimes purporting to cleanse the body were "nonsense".
The detox market - which can include diets, tablets and drinks said to flush out toxins - is thought to be worth tens of millions of pounds.
In their blog, Dr Wadge said water and exercise were enough to help the body rid itself of harmful chemicals.
The chief scientist of the government's food watchdog wrote: "There's a lot of nonsense talked about 'detoxing' and most people seem to forget that we are born with a built-in detox mechanism.
First, drink a glass or two of water
Dr Andrew Wadge
"It's called the liver. So my advice would be to ditch the detox diets and supplements and buy yourself something nice with the money you've saved."
Detox-based diets, which are sometimes endorsed by celebrities, can include the use of tablets, socks, body wraps, diets, eating nettle root extract or drinking herbal infusions or "oxygenated" water in a bid to make natural procedures more effective.
Some products claim to enhance the immune system, relieve pain, flush out toxins and stimulate circulation.
But, urging people to save time and money, Dr Wadge advised: "First, drink a glass or two of water (tap is fine, cheaper and more sustainable than bottled); second, get a little exercise - maybe a walk in the park - and third, enjoy some nice home-cooked food."
Fresh air
The gut prevents bacteria and many toxins from entering the body, they said, while the liver contributes to breaking down harmful chemicals which are then excreted by the kidneys.
Last year scientists from the Sense About Science organisation said detox was a waste of time, arguing that water, fresh air and sleep is all that is needed.
But, following those comments, high street chemist Boots, which has sold detox products, maintained that they have a role to play when combined with a healthy diet and exercise.
Two years ago, a group of high school cheerleaders in East Texas sued their public school district after the superintendent barred them from carrying banners at football games that read, “I can do all things through CHRIST which strengthens me” and “thanks be to God, which gives victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.” In their lawsuit against Kountze Independent School District, which garnered national press coverage, the cheerleaders found a very high-profile supporter: Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott. When Abbott, who is now the Republican gubernatorial nominee, intervened on the cheerleaders' behalf, they said they did so “to defend the cheerleaders' right to exercise their personal religious beliefs and to defend the constitutionality of a state law that protects religious liberties for all Texans.” Abbott was referring to a little-known Texas law enacted in 2007, the Religious Viewpoints Antidiscrimination Act (RVAA), also known as the Schoolchildren's Religious Liberty Act. The law requires school districts to treat student religious expression equally with nonreligious expression in classroom assignments and in the organization of school clubs. The RVAA is “part of a larger effort to erode existing Establishment Clause protections in public schools,” said Daniel Mach, director of the American Civil Liberties Union Program on Freedom of Religion and Belief. The Texas RVAA and copycat bills in other states “are plainly intended to encourage public schools to promote prayer and other religious expression.” Most controversially, the RVAA requires schools to permit student speakers to engage in religious speech throughout the school day and at school-sponsored activities, which critics say could include anything from morning announcements to pep rallies to football games to graduation ceremonies. Advocates of church-state separation say the RVAA is unconstitutional, as it effectively opens the door to school-sponsored prayer, and invites favoring majority religions in the selection of students to deliver religious messages. Tennessee has become the first state to follow Texas' lead. Since Texas enacted the RVAA, other states' efforts to enact RVAAs failed to advance through their legislatures until both Tennessee and Virginia passed their own versions this year. Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, vetoed the Virginia bill, saying it could result in “coercive prayer” and “religious messaging” in public schools. But Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, a Republican, signed their state's version into law on April 10. Other states to consider RVAAs this year includes Oklahoma, Kentucky, West Virginia, Mississippi, Alabama and Georgia. In Tennessee, lawmakers say they introduced the bill in response to a complaint by the parents of a 10-year-old girl who said their teacher rejected their choice of God as a topic for an essay assignment about the person the student admired most. But critics say the First Amendment already adequately protects student rights in such a scenario. The girl's story became the rallying cry for supporters of the RVAA.
Culture war rages on
Mach said the bills are both “unnecessary and constitutionally problematic.” They are unnecessary, they said, “because the fundamental right of students to voluntarily express their faith is alive and well in the public schools.” These RVAAs, they went on, “go further, pushing schools to create opportunities for religious indoctrination from the school's official podium.” Opponents of these laws are raising alarm bells about their possible consequences. After the Tennessee bill passed, Charles Haynes, director of the Religious Freedom Center of the Newseum Institute in Washington, D.C., expressed concern for the “potential for abuse” of these laws, because “in communities where one religion dominates, school officials may view these laws as a doorway to promote the majority faith — doing through students what the school may not do itself.” The ACLU of Tennessee had urged Haslam to veto the bill, saying it is “unnecessary and confusing” and “actually invites schools to violate students' right to be free from coerced participation in religious activity.” In addition, critics charge that the Tennessee RVAA could be exploited to teach creationism in public schools, and LGBT rights activists in Tennessee contend that the statute could open the door for anti-gay bullying, under the guise of religious freedom. In response to these criticisms, the Family Action Council of Tennessee, a conservative Christian advocacy group that supported the bill, criticized “advocates for the homosexual agenda,” saying in a statement that “Christians need to understand that their ability to proclaim the truth of Christ is being eroded under the guise of just wanting people to be nice.” David Fowler, president of the Family Action Council, did not respond to a request for comment.
Keeping lawyers busy
When the Texas law passed in 2007, “we were certain it would lead to lawsuits rather than prevent them, costing taxpayers more and more money as their local schools get dragged into court,” said Dan Quinn, communications director for the Texas Freedom Network, which supports church-state separation. But the bill's supporters “were determined to make public schools an even bigger battleground in the culture wars,” they added. The Texas RVAA was part of conservative reaction to the 2000 Supreme Court decision in Santa Fe Independent School District v. Doe, which struck down a Texas school district's requirement that schools hold elections to decide whether students would deliver an invocation or other message at football games. The court, in a challenge brought by the parents of Catholic and Mormon students, struck down the policy as a violation of the Establishment Clause, because it “establishes an improper majoritarian election on religion, and unquestionably has the purpose and creates the perception of encouraging the delivery of prayer at a series of important school events.” The courts permitted the plaintiffs to remain anonymous in the litigation, owing to hostility and threats to the unknown students who had challenged the school's practice. The Texas RVAA, said Maggie Garrett, legislative director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, caused confusion and “creates an impression that they can have prayer at all these events because it's free speech,” when it in fact is “inviting violations of the Establishment Clause.” In the settlement of a 2007 lawsuit challenging the Round Rock school district's policy, under the RVAA, of holding elections to decide whether prayer would be included in graduation ceremonies, Federal District Judge Sam Sparks wrote that they expected the new law “will be quite effective at keeping attorneys in fees for the foreseeable future.”
Threats and accusations
“We want a fair investigation to discover what exactly happened on June 29, 1996,” said Jamal Bashir al-Gorgi, whose brother Faraj was killed in the massacre. Their family had thought their brother was alive for four years after the massacre. They only believed the rumors they heard about killings at the prison when at a Friday market they saw bags of food and clothing they delivered to the prison, each marked with Faraj's name.
The chain of events that led to the massacre began June 28, when the inmates, angered by conditions at the prison, took a guard hostage. Abdullah Senoussi, one of Colonel Qaddafi's closest confidants and top security officials, was brought in to hear the prisoners' demands. The inmates asked for better medical care, family visits and more time outside, according to Hussein al-Shafa'i, a witness interviewed by Human Rights Watch.
Mr. Senoussi said they would accede to their demands. Instead, they were killed.
Nabil Ben Othman remembers the night well. They were one of the lucky ones, a prisoner considered lower security and transferred to the prison's military wing. On the night of the massacre, Mr. Ben Othman said they heard heavy gunfire and kept track of the time with their watch. It lasted two hours and five minutes, exactly, they said.
Mohamed al-Rayes, who was 20 at the time, watched from their house. The guards were firing from the roof of the prison into the outdoor courtyards, they said. When it was over, Mr. Shafa'i calculated that at least 1,200 men had been killed. They worked in the prison kitchen and compared the number of meals they prepared before and after the killings.
Photo
To this day, there is fevered speculation about what was done to the bodies. Some people said they saw trucks leaving the prison soon afterward, and heard that they had gone to local graveyards, to dispose of the bodies. Other people said the security forces buried them on the grounds, then moved them outside the walls, because of the smell. “It was like living behind a secret,” Mr. Rayes, the neighbor, said.
Faraj al-Gorgi's family heard rumors about the shooting from prison guards, but did not know their fate. To this day, they have never been told the truth. In 2002, security men delivered a death certificate that said Mr. Gorgi had died the year before. No cause of death was included, but a security officer told the family that Faraj had been ill. The family was not told where the body was, but was asked not to erect a large mourning tent, as is the custom. A government minister visited the family and asked them to take compensation and stop asking questions. Mr. Gorgi's brother, Jamal, said they refused.
In Benghazi, many refused, and a few years ago, the families there started holding protests on Saturdays. In February, after revolutions in Egypt and Tunisia had toppled their rulers, the Libyan authorities, nervous about any unrest, arrested Fathi Terbil, a lawyer who represented the Abu Salim families and who had three relatives killed in the massacre. Their clients gathered outside the security building where they were being held, and refused to leave until they did, said Mr. Bensoud, whose brother, Abdullah, had been killed in the 1996 massacre.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We decided we had to make it burn,” they said.
The protests began to draw people with many grievances. Demonstrators started calling for the downfall of the government. Security forces attacked, the crowds swelled, and one week later Benghazi became home to a revolution. The security forces withdrew.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In decades past, Abu Salim was filled mostly with prisoners from eastern Libyan towns like Benghazi, the seat of the opposition, or Darnah, the country's most pious city. Some were Islamist militants with experience fighting in Afghanistan, and some were picked up simply because they had long beards. The government referred to the men as “heretics.” Secular opponents were also held at the prison and tortured. Many of the men were held without trial and not allowed visits from their families.
As the protests grew into an uprising, the cells were jammed with hundreds of men swept up by the security forces, including protesters or even others who happened to walk by a demonstration. Last week, after Colonel Qaddafi fled, the open cells at Abu Salim began to reveal their secrets. Histories were written in graffiti on the walls, or on the covers of boxes in which prison food was delivered.
One prisoner had recorded each month of their captivity with a slash mark. The markings stretched for several feet. Another man, Salah Hussein, chose a simpler notation for more than two decades behind bars: They wrote “3/19/1990,” and then “2/15/2011.”
They cells were littered with water bottles filled with sand that some prisoners used as weights. Blankets were shredded and fashioned into ladders, to reach a barred window for sunlight. Men left behind English computer books, poetry they wrote on food cartons and many Korans.
“It's changed,” said Mr. Othman, who returned after the liberation to walk through the cells where they had spent 11 years with little sunlight, reading the Koran and learning English from a man who knew a little. They were arrested in 1989, when they were 19, they said, because they used to attend a mosque. The guards hung them by their armpits, then put them in cell 13. All this they recalled as if in a trance, as they walked down the hallways where blindfolded prisoners had been led. Like the other Abu Salim prisoners and families, they were searching for answers and understanding.
On Saturday, Mr. Bensoud, who now helps organize the families, was in Tripoli, hoping to make their first visit to Abu Salim prison. They were chasing leads about former security guards at the prison, who might have the answers about the massacre. And they were surprised to learn that important security files were left behind at the prison.
“I am hoping to do something for the families,” they said. “There are a lot of stories. This is my brother's blood. This is the reason why I am here.”
1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – (Left to right) Mitesh Patel, technical lead for the Cognitive Algorithm & Network Design Experiment, and Eric Williams of C4ISR & Network Modernization inspect radios during an E11 test. The CANDE algorithm can determine which tactical radio signal has the best bandwidth or least traffic before transmitting data. (Photo Credit: Edric Thompson) VIEW ORIGINAL
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, Md., Nov. 7, 2011 -- U.S. Army engineers will discuss the results of their efforts to enable a self-aware, decision-making network during the Military Communications Conference 2011, Nov. 8 at the Baltimore Convention Center.
The U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command's communications-electronics center, or CERDEC, has developed cognitive wireless networking capabilities that employ network-wide learning and reasoning algorithms that share information that enable nodes to make decisions.
CERDEC engineers hope that the results of their Cognitive Algorithm & Network Design Experiment, or CANDE, will enable easier network maintenance, reduce human decision-making requirements, increase network lifetime, transfer data with less delay, and reduce energy consumption -- all of which result in a higher degree of network performance on the battlefield.
"It's important that we apply learning and reasoning because currently, there's no 'intelligence' in the network. Therefore, we're developing capabilities that will aid the network in taking on this adaptive layer of learning and information sharing to reduce the complexity in managing the network," said Sharon Mackey, chief for the Network Design and Cognitive Networking Sciences branch of CERDEC's Space &Terrestrial Communications Directorate.
A more intelligent infrastructure reduces the need for Soldier intervention and aids in providing seamless information, noted Mitesh Patel, S&TCD technical lead for CANDE.
"A Soldier has to keep track of a lot of things to maintain the network such as network constraints, requirements and objectives. With cognitive algorithms, the network is more intelligent and self aware thus reducing resource management in the network," Patel said.
One of the products within CANDE is the Cognitive Network Engineering Design Analytic Toolset, or CNEDAT, which can provide network design architectures for networks as they are being engineered, maintained, repaired or redesigned.
"The CNEDAT does not need a constructed network. Provide the constraints and objectives, and it will create a network for you: that is the power of this tool. It can optimize existing networks, and it can design a network from scratch while providing the most optimized way of maneuvering through the network," Patel said.
One way it does this is by choosing a tactical radio signal's "hopping pattern." Radios typically "hop" to the closest radio; however, the closer radio may not always be the better choice if it is congested with traffic, explained Charles Graff, an electronics engineer with CERDEC S&TCD.
"The algorithm looks at the delay estimation to all source destination pairs and then determines which route has the best bandwidth or least traffic before transmitting data. The algorithm then updates itself on a periodic basis and learns from past experience not to take certain paths," Graff said.
The algorithms can also enable a "dimmer-switch" capability to help reduce network energy consumption.
CERDEC S&TCD proved their concept in an operationally-relevant environment June 1- July 15 at Fort Dix, N.J., during Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance & Network Modernization Event 2011.
Throughout CANDE, CERDEC S&TCD utilized commercial off-the-shelf radios to prove the operations of cognitive algorithms. The overall field network performance validated the predictions of CNEDAT based on prior work done in CERDEC laboratories, Mackey said.
"Anytime you try to put something on the network, it consumes network overhead, which in turn reduces bandwidth; the implementation of CANDE was achieved with minimal impact on the network overhead," Mackey said.
CERDEC S&TCD is seeking to establish a follow-on program to conduct analysis on tactical radios in a testbed environment; currently, they are looking at the WIN-T and JTRS communities as targets of opportunity for transition, Graff said.
The leaking of transcripts of calls between the US President and foreign leaders is so significant and so unprecedented that it suggests that senior White House or national security staff are determined to leave the President hamstrung.
No foreign leader can now speak freely with Donald Trump without expecting to read the contents of the conversation on the front page in the coming months.
Lamenting this in The Atlantic magazine, former George W. Bush adviser David Frum, a member of the so-called "never Trump" faction of the Republican Party, observed, "The temptation [to leak] is obvious: Senior national-security professionals regard Trump as something between (at best) a reckless incompetent doofus and (at worst) an outright Russian espionage asset. The fear that a Russian mole has burrowed into the Oval Office may justify, to some, the most extreme actions against that suspected mole.
"The nature of this particular leak suggests just such a national-security establishment origin. It is a very elegantly designed leak. The two transcripts belong to calls whose substance was already widely reported in the media; they give away nothing new."
Getty Labour's historic bind If the polls are right, Ed Miliband may be tempted to go for a constitutional overhaul.
There is no more British general election. There is now an English election that the Labour Party has a chance of winning. And a Scottish election, where the Labour Party is set to be annihilated. The result, coming up in poll after poll, points to more than just a parliament with no party in overall control: It points to a possible constitutional crisis.
This is what the numbers say. The Conservatives, the Liberal Democrats, the UK Independence Party (UKIP), and the possible Northern Irish allies of Prime Minister David Cameron — even if they win the most votes on May 7 as most observers expect — look unlikely to form a majority. But neither it seems will the Labour Party, whether on its own or in bed with the Liberal Democrats, or with any of its micro-allies in Northern Ireland, or the Greens.
If Britain votes this way, the only way Ed Miliband, the Labour leader, can become prime minister is with the support of the Scottish National Party, or SNP. But this party is committed to breaking up Great Britain.
Looking past election day, Miliband may find themselves in an almighty bind with two possible options out.
The first is to become prime minister backed by the votes of the Scottish Nationalists and simply try to govern. Miliband has ruled out a formal coalition with the SNP. But they would need their votes in parliament to run the country.
Many Labour politicians dread this scenario. Leftwing Labour MPs would likely be in constant rebellion, supported by the SNP. Every budget, or controversial reform, would risk being voted down. Every day the right-leaning press would accuse Miliband of selling out the English to the Scots. Senior Labour figures fear the SNP, eager to renew the push for another referendum on independence, would wait for its moment to pounce on Miliband for betraying Scotland. This is a government that Labour might soon regret forming.
If Labour does go for it, many in the party fear that such a sorry minority affair could drag on until the Conservatives have a new leader. And the odds are that this would be the uber-charismatic London Mayor Boris Johnson, who is set to enter parliament as an MP in this election. Labour's concern is that such a weak government ends up being loathed and soon enough chucked out. Labour could lose even more support in its traditional strongholds in the north of England, where UKIP looks set to come second in a large number of seats next month.
Miliband may have a way out of this bind, though: Their option two.
Little discussed on the campaign trail is a proposal in Labour's manifesto to hold a “people-led constitutional convention.” This would be a big step for Britain, which as result of centuries of political evolution, has an “unwritten constitution” where many un-codified customs are treated as laws.
Miliband laid out their plans for one at their party conference last September. Labour's announcement was broadly ignored by the media, which dismissed it as an idea hatched in a think-tank and of no interest to voters.
As radical as this plan may sound and as little known as it is by the broader public, Labour's overlooked enthusiasm for constitutional convention is a tempting solution for Miliband.
Here's how it might work. When the likely news of a hung parliament comes in, the Labour leader could declare that Britain is in a constitutional crisis. They could then invite all parties to join them in a government of national unity, hoping to prompt frontbench Conservative defection with big posts, knowing full well that UKIP and the Conservatives as a party would never join.
Nick Clegg, the leader of the Liberal Democrats, may be open to this idea. They have ruled out any coalition with UKIP or the SNP but left the door open to a government of national unity. Nearly unknown is that Liberal Democrats have also committed in their manifesto to establish “a UK constitutional convention... tasked with producing a full written constitution for the UK, to report within two years.” The party has long lost out in Britain's first-past-the-post voting system, and both those in the leadership and party activists dream of electoral reform.
If formed, Miliband's national unity government could immediately host a constitutional convention to write Britain a new federal constitution, and put itself up for re-election in two years time under new rules enshrined in it, which would need to be approved by a referendum.
The ideas thrown around for a constitution include full fiscal autonomy for Scotland, a federal senate replacing the House of Lords, a parliament for England, a proportional electoral system, and a clause written into the constitution that Britain is a member of the European Union. To stop endless votes, the constitution could include a “generation lock,” that only a super majority could trigger more than one constitutional referendum every 20 years.
As a political tactic, a constitutional convention is attractive for Labour: It could win over unusual bedfellows — by stealing their causes — whilst neutralizing them at the same time. The SNP claims it wants full fiscal autonomy, but taking near full control of Scotland's finances would make Edinburgh responsible for inevitable spending cuts they blame on Westminster. The fall in energy prices is likely to bring steep cuts in Scotland, which depends so heavily on North Sea oil revenues. This could settle the Scottish question for a generation, whilst proving (through full fiscal autonomy) that an SNP Scotland would not become an economic paradise if it left the Union.
Putting the new constitution up for referendum may settle Britain's tortured European question. Miliband could say to the hard right that the constitution commits Britain to the European Union and that this is their chance to vote on it.
The constitutional option would kill off a growing right-wing campaign to question the legitimacy of a premiership backed by the SNP, especially dangerous if Miliband's party comes second, but only Labour and the Scottish nationalists can command a parliamentary majority.
The constitutional joker card is attractive for another reason: It would likely throw the Conservative leadership off balance, and into internal turmoil, as, leaderless, they would likely clash over the question of European Union membership that has long divided them.
Miliband is known for their cynicism as well as their cunning, and for unforeseen moves in party politics. Those thinking the Labour leader has not thought through their options should remember that they defeated their own brother David Miliband in a race to become Labour party leader with the backing of the trade unions — a move even many insiders did not foresee.
If they become prime minister, Miliband could assume that they could dominate a constitutional convention. This is why their manifesto pledges them to hold one. They could use this to achieve at least two big wins that have eluded British leftists for a century: a reformed House of Lords and a reformed electoral system. Labour could also claim credit for having saved the Union. It's a risky move — yet the alternative is seen within Labour circles as a recipe for misery.
This article was updated on April 27. SNP stands for the Scottish National Party, which was misidentified in an earlier version.
Turkey is moving closer to being granted visa-free travel to the European Union. It could be in force by the end of June.
The bloc's executive, the EU Commission, has said it depends on Ankara meeting the remaining conditions contained in a deal with the EU over stemming migration into Europe. The assessment is to be presented in a report next month.
“The Commission will present its third visa liberalisation progress report for Turkey on May 4.” announced EU Migration Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos. “All in all, we need to remain alert and monitor the entire process closely, particularly when it comes to ensuring rights in appropriate conditions for the most vulnerable, that is women and children.”
The EU struck a bargain with Turkey at a summit in March. Turkey, already hosting 3.1 million refugees, agreed to take back irregular migrants from Europe, in exchange for an end to visa restrictions, as well as progress on EU accession talks. European leaders also promised to resettle up to 72,000 Syrian refugees living in Turkey and provide €3bn in humanitarian funding.
However Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu has called on the European Union to improve the way it is delivering the promised €3bn meant to help Ankara manage the migrant crisis.
“There are problems in releasing the €3bn that the European Union pledged to Syrian migrants. And I am underlining here, this money was pledged to Syrians, not to Turkey (..) This is not only Turkey's problem. Europe has to be more pragmatic (…) There are disruptions such as too much bureaucracy but there aren't any problems in implementing the deal otherwise.”
Turkey's specific complaint is that the EU is handing out funds project by project but that there are many other regular expenses such as delivering daily food.
The Council of Europe, Europe's leading human rights body has been highly critical of the EU's refugee agreement, claiming at worst it exceeds the limits of what is permissible under international law.
UFC prepared a world tour to promote the stacked cards planned for the fourth quarter of 2013, and the last media event was scheduled to happen during the UFC 163 weekend in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Junior dos Santos and Cain Velasquez , who headline the UFC 166 card on Oct. 19, in Houston, Texas, were expected to address the public and media in the Wonderful City, but the champion didn't show up.
During a lunch recently with local journalists, including UOL's Jorge Correa , "Cigano" criticized their next opponent for reportedly passing on the travel because of the "violence of the country."
"He was supposed to come, but then they said something to Dana White . I don't know what happened," dos Santos told the reporters. "It's absurd because I had to travel here and there, everybody had to travel everywhere. I know I'm doing my job and that's what matters. People talk a lot of crap about Brazil, but no one knows (the truth). I don't know what really happened, but there were a lot of Mexicans there taking pictures with me, talking to me. It would happen the same thing with them here. I could go to Mexico, but not now. I have to train."
After four days of media events in California, New York and Texas, the former heavyweight champion can't look at Velasquez's eyes anymore.
"Man, I spent a whole week meeting them every day," dos Santos said. "At first there were some heat in the staredowns, but that was it. Imagine a whole week, more than once a day? We went to a TV show and started laughing, then we couldn't stare each other without laughing. I couldn't look to their eyes anymore."
The possibility of former Strikeforce heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier dropping to the 205-pound division in the future was one of the topics of the conversation, but "Cigano" believes it will never happen.
"He's not (dropping to 205 pounds)," dos Santos said. "And you know why? Because I will defeat Cain, and they will want to fight me."
"Cigano" spent the whole lunch sitting side by side with their ex-wife Vilsana Picolli, who remains as one of their managers. But that didn't stop the fighter from praising TUF 18 coaches Miesha Tate and Ronda Rousey , who attended some of the media events with them during the tour.
"I was impressed on how Miesha is gorgeous," dos Santos praised. "Not that Ronda isn't beautiful, but let's say she's more ‘regular'. She's cute. But Miesha is really gorgeous. Have you seen here already? On TV, I thought they were normal, but when I met her… My God!"
Nearly half of U.S. jobs could be susceptible to computerization over the next two decades, a study from the Oxford Martin Programme on the Impacts of Future Technology suggests.
The study, a collaboration between Dr. Carl Benedikt Frey (Oxford Martin School) and Dr. Michael A. Osborne (Department of Engineering Science, University of Oxford), found that jobs in transportation, logistics, and office/administrative support are at “high risk” of automation.
More surprisingly, occupations within the service industry are also highly susceptible, despite recent job growth in this sector, they say.
“We identified several key bottlenecks currently preventing occupations being automated,” says Osborne. “As big data helps to overcome these obstacles, a great number of jobs will be put at risk.”
The study examined more than 700 detailed occupation types, noting the types of tasks workers perform and the skills required. By weighting these factors, as well as the engineering obstacles currently preventing computerization, the researchers assessed the degree to which these occupations may be automated in the coming decades.
The probability of computerization for the occupation types ranges from recreational therapists (the lowest ) to (thankfully) telemarketers, the highest probability (see report Appendix for the full list).
A move to ‘creative and social intelligence' tasks
“Our findings imply that as technology races ahead, low-skilled workers will move to tasks that are not susceptible to computerization, i.e., tasks that require creative and social intelligence,” the paper states.
For example, while high-risk sales occupations (cashiers, counter and rental clerks, and telemarketers) interactive tasks, they do not necessarily require a high degree of social intelligence.
“For workers to win the race, however, they will have to acquire creative and social skills.”
Low-risk occupations
On the other hand, generalist occupations requiring knowledge of human heuristics, and specialist occupations
involving the development of novel ideas and artifacts, are the least susceptible to computerization, the findings show.
“Most management, business, and finance occupations, which are intensive in generalist tasks requiring social intelligence, are largely confined to the low-risk category. The same is true of most occupations in education, healthcare, as well as arts and media jobs. …
“The low susceptibility of engineering and science occupations to computerization, on the other hand, is largely due to the high degree of creative intelligence they require … although it is possible that computers will fully substitute for workers in these occupations over the long-run.”
Frey said the United Kingdom is expected to face a similar challenge to the U.S. “While our analysis was based on detailed datasets relating to U.S. occupations, the implications are likely to extend to employment in the UK and other developed countries,” they said.
The working paper is available here.
The Serve Part 1: Height, Risk vs Reward and Other interesting Things About Serving
As often happens here at Tactical Tennis I sat down with a specific idea – in this case that Juan Martin del Potro is a pretty sub-par server for a man of their height. While doing the research to see if my idea actually was right, I realized that there were a lot of interesting cases out there when it comes to serving and that it might merit an entire series of articles. And so we are here: height, risk vs reward and other interesting things. I thought it important to establish something of a baseline with which to examine the service motions that we will look at it future portions of this series (for example it is important that I said del Potro is a sub-par server for a man of their height). What does height really mean when it comes to serving? How can a server balance the risk vs reward when it comes to choosing their aggression level? To answer these questions I compiled a bunch of statistical data from the ATP website's statistics on servers in the 2012 season. Since we were looking at general trends, the year itself was fairly irrelevant as long as it was reasonably recent. So without further ado…
Risk vs Reward
Before we look at height, we're going to start with the idea of risk vs reward when it comes to serving. After all, in theory height merely alters the risk vs reward relationship and so it's important to first establish what that relationship is. To do, we will look at a couple of key serving statistics of top players that all fall within a narrow height range. In this case, 6'0 to 6'2 tall (~182-188cm for the rest of the world). By limiting the height to a narrow range we can hopefully eliminate most of the variables related to height and get a better idea of just how risk and reward play off. But first of all, what do I mean by risk and reward? When I step up to hit a serve, I have a variety of serves available to me. Most professional players are capable of hitting serves ranging from relatively flat and very fast, to relatively slow and heavy spin. When they go to serve, they are choosing whether to go for a high risk, high reward serve (flatter and harder) vs a low risk, low reward serve (slower with heavier spin). Does this idea really play out? As it turns out, yes, yes it does!
This graph shows us the Aces per first serve attempt vs first serve %. In this case I wanted to eliminate the factor of height, while still getting a reasonably statistically significant data set. So, I took all of the players in my sample that had a height between 6'0 and 6'2. The first thing that leaps out is that there is a definite downward trend. The second is that it is definitely not a straight line. And why not? First of all, not all servers are created equal. One player might have a better motion than another player, so even at the same first serve % they will serve more aces per serve attempt. These players who are unusually effective or unusually poor will skew the curve because of the limited data – I feel fairly confident that if took 50 players instead of 30 it would smooth the line out some. 1000 players would smooth it out even more. But to illuminate the concept, let's look at the spike that occurs at 63%, otherwise known as the “Roger Federer” effect. Federer has an extremely good serve for their height, and serves comfortably more aces than other players of a similar height with a similar first serve %. Likewise the sharp dip 67% first serves is due to Rafael Nadal, who largely spins their first serve in worrying little about whether or not they hit an ace. The key takeaway here is that there does exist a general downward trend – the more aggressive a server becomes (ie the more they try to hit an ace or service winner), the lower their first serve % becomes. This is the asupervisorstioned risk vs reward.
The Effect of Height
In theory, service motions being equal, a taller player should make more first serves than a shorter player. Does this hold up in practice? Generally speaking, yes! As we can see from the graph, as height goes up the first serve % goes up. There is a somewhat odd plateau that occurs from around 6′ through to 6'6. This is likely just attributable to the fact that I was able to only pull from a sample size of around 30 players. With more players we would expect the trend to be a little more clear. Suffice to say though that height and first serve % definitely seem to correlate nicely. However we can go one step further, and rather than just look at average first serve % for a given height, instead compare first serve % among different players who have a similar ace %. In theory, if two players serve aces at a similar rate, the taller player will do so with a higher first serve % than the shorter player. Does this pan out? The short answer is: yes.
Although the graph doesn't form the smooth steadily rising curve we might have expected, there is good reason for that. The first is that we have very limited data to work with, and therefore a very small number of exceptionally good or exceptionally bad servers at a given height can really throw the curve off. A perfect example is the huge dip at 6'5 – which is essentially solely attributable to Benoit Paire (yes their serve really is comparably that bad). Also as we go to the larger heights we are working with a much smaller sample size – there are relatively few players who are 6'5 and above.
If we overlook the bumps along the road we can see that there is a very clear divide between the shorter servers and the very small servers. This might well seem an obvious statement, something we intuitively understand simply from watching tennis however is very important to establish with concrete data. By doing so, we can then use this to help identify servers who are, relatively speaking, poor servers and then examine their technique to understand why they are bad servers.
Hitting Two “First” Serves
An idea that I've seen talked about before and that seems to come up periodically is “why don't the pros just hit two first serves instead of hitting a first serve and a second serve”. To begin with let's re-phrase that in a more accurate way: “Why do pros hit a low risk/reward topspin serve for their second serve instead of playing a higher risk/reward flat or slice serve?”
It's an interesting though, and one that bears examining. So, let's pick out three servers from the 6'1 grouping and examine this as a possibility. The players we will use are: Roger Federer, Richard Gasquet, and Juan Monaco. I picked those three as they represent a good spread on the risk/reward spectrum with their normal first serves. So exactly how do we figure out if this is a good idea? Essentially we need to compare each player's overall win% on their service points, and then calculate an estimate of what their overall win% would be like if they hit two aggressive serves in lieu of a topspin second serve.
Of course to do this we need to make a couple of assumptions:
1. A player's win% on an aggressive second serve would match that of their normally aggressive first serve
2. All three players make essentially 100% of their second serves. This isn't entirely true, but close enough for our purposes.
So let's take a look at what it would look like:
The “Aggressive Win %” column shows us what each player's theoretical overall win% would be on their own serve, including the double faults they hit as a result of the higher risk second serves. This was found by calculating the double fault % of each player when hitting two aggressive serves, and then removing those double faults from their overall win % for ‘first serves'. As we can see, for each of these players hitting two aggressive serves grants them a net loss on overall points won on serve. While it might seem surprising that Juan Monaco actually loses the least with this strategy, it turns out to make sense when you look at the math. Because the double fault rate when hitting two aggressive serves is related to the square of the first serve faults, Monaco serves a full 4% less double faults hitting two aggressive serves than either Federer or Gasquet.
Of course while doing this an interesting thought occurred to me: what about a player like John Isner? If it does nothing for an average height player, what about someone like Isner whose serve is so overpowering and the rest of their game is sub-par by comparison? Rather than post another table, let's just skip to the chase and say that Isner's normal win% is a solid 71.15%. Hitting two aggressive serves it barely drops to 70.33%. Not bad, but we can see that if it doesn't work for Isner, it really won't work for anyone. As such we can call this idea or myth pretty firmly debunked (at least at the pro level).
Now we have some data to work with, let's run down our top 5 best and worst servers on the ATP Tour!
5 of the Best Servers on the ATP Tour (in no particular order)
1. Philipp Kohlschreiber
This might come as a surprise to some, but Philipp is something of a serving powerhouse all things considered. At just 5'10, they whop an ace on an excellent 15.36% of their first serves, all while maintaining a first serve % of 60%. To put it in perspective, their serving performance is on par with 6'5 Tomas Berdych, and actually exceeds that of 6'3 Andy Murray!
2. Ivan Dogig
I promise I'm not just plucking obscure names. Dogig may not typically run with the big dogs but when it comes to serving they certainly do! 6′ tall, Ivan serves a respectable 60% first serves. What makes them stand out however is bangs aces on 19.56% of their first serves. This puts them on the short list of inch for inch servers on the tour.
3. Milos Raonic
This name won't surprise anyone, but it belongs here regardless. At 6'5 Milos has a reasonable but not outstanding 62% of first serves in play. What makes them exceptionally is the fact that fully 32.90% of them are outright aces. Think about that – virtually 1/3 of their first serves their opponents don't even put a racket on, let alone get back in play. By comparison Isner's ace % is ‘only' 27.03%. Speaking of which…
4. John Isner
It's hard to imagine a list of the best servers that doesn't have Isner on it, and so here they are. It might well be that had we more 6'9 servers to compare them to they might actually prove a sub-par server for their height. However their 27.03% ace rate on a 69% first serve success rate makes that fairly unlikely.
5. Roger Federer
While we all know Federer to be an excellent server, it wasn't until I compiled the data that I realize they single-handedly brought the 6'1 players a bump in their group statistics. Neither their first serve % (63%) nor their ace rate (17.08%) is exceptional, but combined they are downright excellent.
5 of the Worst Servers on the ATP Tour (in no particular order)
1. Benoit Paire
Perhaps this one is in a particular order. For their height, Paire's serve is downright abysmal. A quick glance at their ace rate (17%) would make them seem respectable. But then your eyes catch their first serve % and you probably blink and read it again to be sure. At 51% first serves in play, Paire is a disgrace to tall servers everywhere. 5'11 Tipsarevic matches their ace rate and gets 58% of first serves in play. In fact, the list of servers that put up better numbers than Paire is.. well just about everyone.
2. Guillermo Garcia-Lopez
Garcia-Lopez stands 6'2, and manages to be not particularly good at anything related to hitting serves. Their first serve % is a measly 57%. Not abysmal, but those are numbers usually put up by players hitting highly aggressive first serves with a high ace rate. Garcia-Lopez does not fall into that category. They hit aces only 7.78% of the time, among the worst of players for whom data was collated.
3. Alexandr Dolgopolov
The Dog was a surprise addition to the list, but the numbers bear out. Alexandr makes only 54% of their first serves, while hitting aces on only 5.69% of them. Those are paltry numbers, and their short stature (5'11) is the only thing that cuts them even a little slack.
4. Albert Ramos
If I want to learn to serve, I'm probably not going to Spain to do it! Joining Garcia-Lopez is Ramos, who manages to be mediocre in both first serve % (57%) and ace rate (7.78%). If they were shorter than their 6'2 height then it might be excusable, but they should at least be good at something.
5. Pablo Andujar
When you're serving aces on only 3.45% of your attempts, you better at least be getting a lot of them in. Not so with poor Pablo. While other low acers have much higher first serve % (Davydenko makes 70% of their first serves, Fognini makes 65%), Andujar gets only 58% of their first serves in play despite being an inch taller.
So what comes next? Well, we will take a look at some of these servers in detail, examine their technique and see exactly why they are particularly good or bad. In doing so perhaps we can help readers understand a little about their own serves, and maybe even improve a little!
In 2009, a twenty-something female joined Osaka-based game developer Capcom. The new employee was assigned to a couple of different games before becoming a member of the team developing Dragon's Dogma, Capcom's upcoming big budget title.
At first things were good. But by that December, things got awful—really awful. According to a recently released lawsuit, the new employee apparently felt so bullied at Capcom that they tried to take their own life.
Advertisement
A senior female employee was assigned to the Dragon's Dogma team, and this senior employee apparently made the young woman's life miserable. Them new boss supposedly reprimanded only them at meetings and assigned the young woman impossible tasks with zero instructions on how to complete them.
In the court filing, the senior employee's behavior was described as "irrational" and "repeated". The young employee felt isolated on the Dragon's Dogma team.
The young employee thought the best way they could help Capcom was to create a database to help internal game development become more efficient. It was a huge project, and the young employee's superiors signed off on the project, realizing how important it could be. They thought by creating the database, they could show them worth to the Dragon's Dogma team. In addition to their regular work, the young employee slogged away on the database, working every day in July and August 2010 well into the night.
Advertisement
Then, suddenly, on October 6, 2010, the young woman was yanked from the Dragon's Dogma team. The database was reassigned to another department. Them boss apparently said, "Even if the database is a success, you are worthless to the team."
Between October 20 and November 4, two other superiors began attempting to get the young employee to quit, saying "she's problematic", "she abandons their work", "she skips meetings", and "her ideas stink". It got so bad that the young employee supposedly went to Capcom's HR claiming harassment. HR did nothing.
The harassment did not stop. It got worse and worse until November 11 of that year when the woman sought medical help and was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. And on December 10, the young employee took time off of work. They were depressed and dejected, and they took a large quantity of sleeping pills, antidepressants, and cold medicine in hopes of killing herself. The young woman slept for four days, but thankfully, they did not die.
Advertisement
Even after their mental and physical health improved and even after they finished rehabilitation, there were those at Capcom who apparently did everything possible to make sure they couldn't work, by insisting they had not recovered, suspending her, and ultimately dismissing the employee.
The young woman is currently taking Capcom to court over the incident.
Kotaku is following up with Capcom and will update this post should they comment.
Advertisement
Update: A Capcom spokesperson declined to comment about this matter to Kotaku, citing the company's policy not to discuss ongoing litigation.
カプコンパワーハラスメント事件提訴のご報告 [民主法律協会 via かりんちゃん]
(Top photo: 941さん)
Is there really an establishment, anti-Trump “lane” of any consequence in the GOP race? I've been asking that question for some time, for one simple reason: since Trump's rise, there have been no strong, center-right establishment candidates in the race.
Trump, Cruz and Carson (and Rand Paul) have been generally understood as anti-establishment candidates whom the political class would be unhappy with. The candidates typically classed as “establishment” or “mainstream” from the beginning were: Bush, Christie, Kasich, Walker, Perry—and Rubio.
But Rubio is a peculiar candidate to be calling “establishment” or “mainstream” for two reasons. First, because their positioning in their Senate election and in terms of their stances on a host of issues is quite right-wing—more right-wing than Trump's on most issues apart from immigration. And second, because they ran for the Senate, and now for the White House, as an upstart candidate defying a party leadership that wanted them to wait theirs turn.
You can tell the weirdness of Rubio's positioning as an establishment favorite by looking at who supporters of different candidates choose for their second choices. The data in a recent NBC tracking poll is highly instructive in that regard.
When you look at Rubio's own supporters, and ask them who their second choice is, the #1 pick—with 31%—is Ted Cruz. The #2 pick—with 17%—is Donald Trump. 9% go to Ben Carson. So, a substantial majority of Rubio's own supporters prefer an anti-establishment candidate to any of the other “establishment” choices.
And when you look at the “establishment” candidate's second choices, while there is a clear preference for Rubio, it's far from overwhelming. Bush supporters, when asked who they'd pick second, picked “Don't Know” first, with 23%, then Rubio, with 19%, then Kasich, with 16%. Trump, Cruz and Carson together garnered 32%. So it's far from clear that Bush dropping out will bring their voters overwhelmingly to Rubio's side (though Rubio will likely pick up the bulk of their campaign infrastructure).
Kasich supporters, when asked who they'd pick second, gave 24% to Rubio – but gave 21% to Bush and 16% to Donald Trump. Again, hardly an overwhelming preference for Rubio. A similar pattern obtains when you look at Christie and Fiorina supporters. As each establishment candidate drops out, Rubio would expect to garner 20-30% of that candidate's vote. The remainder goes elsewhere, smeared out among the other remaining candidates, with Trump garnering half to two-thirds as much as Rubio.
Meanwhile, guess which candidate's voters give the largest share of second-choice votes to Rubio?
That's right: Ted Cruz. 33% of Cruz voters would opt for Rubio as a second choice, followed by Trump, who gets 26% of Cruz voters, and Carson, who gets 17%.
What we've learned from the three contests so far is that, if the electorate in a given state is more conservative (like Iowa and South Carolina), Rubio does well winning late-breaking deciders. If it isn't (as in New Hampshire), then they don't.
Super Tuesday's states are mostly on the conservative end of the spectrum – and hence should give Rubio a chance to break through and actually win states like Virginia (where they polled second to Trump earlier in February), Minnesota (where they were leading in a January poll) or Colorado (which hasn't been polled recently, but where Rubio was strong in a November poll). But by the same token, there are strong opportunities for Cruz to win, particularly in their home state of Texas but also in nearby Oklahoma and Arkansas. And Trump, of course, is strong across-the-board, not only across the southern states but in states like Massachusetts.
But the real point is, when we move to the northeast and the more easterly parts of the midwest, it's less clear that the territory is so favorable to Rubio. In two Michigan polls from mid-February, Rubio polled 10% and 12% respectively—in-line with Kasich's polling, and far behind Trump. Illinois and Ohio haven't been polled recently, but if Kasich can hold out until Ohio they should do very well there, and Illinois is similarly favorable territory for Kasich.
As well as for Trump. Because that's the thing: Trump is not only a candidate running against the establishment; he's also the relative centrist in a three-way race with two distinctly right-wing candidates. Rubio is far more palatable to moderate and “somewhat” conservative voters than Cruz is in such a race. But it's not obvious to me that he's far more palatable than Trump.
Don't get me wrong: it's clear that the GOP establishment is about to line up fully behind Rubio, certainly if reports like these are to be believed. It's just worth remembering that this is itself a bit of a strange result, and, therefore, it shouldn't be too surprising if even more centrist, establishment-oriented Republican voters don't fully fall into line.
« Saturday Gardening Thread: Demon Seed Edition [Y-not, WeirdDave, & KT] | Main | Open Thread: Hide n' Seek [Y-not] » Fundamental Concepts: Subsidy [WeirdDave] Here's a concept so fundamental I'm embarrassed that I have to bring it up at all, yet many people look at you like you have three heads when you mention it. Are you ready?
Anything you subsidize, you get more of.
That's it. I should end the thread right here and walk away. If you subsidize something, more and more people will try to take acquire the subsidy. OK, you might say, that makes sense, but so what? Water is wet. Why is this an important concept?
It's an important concept because once you understand it, it becomes crystal clear that government "aid" programs MUST always fail at their stated purpose. Last week, we discussed how the greatest government power is the power to spend. It's really the only tool in their toolbox. Yes, they can throw you in jail, but after they do that, then what? They have to spend money to feed and house you, and you can't throw everybody in jail. The only way a government can "aid" anyone is to spend money, and as soon as government does that, people or organizations move to capture the money being spent. Here's an example: Starting in the mid-60s, government moved to "aid" single women with children. A noble goal, you might claim, and you might even be right, but what has happened to the illegitimacy rate since then? In 1964, 8% of children born to whites in the US were illegitimate, it was 26% among blacks. In 2012 those rates had risen to 30% and 72% respectively. Now, government aid is hardly the only factor contributing to the explosion of illegitimacy in this country, social mores have changed drastically as well, but a case can be made that a large factor in the social change was driven by the presence of government aid.
Consider that a woman having a child out of wedlock before the welfare state would incur a huge financial burden, not just on themselves but on their family as well. Social mores did not spring forth from a vacuum, they are one way that a society guides it's members towards behavior that is perceived to be beneficial to the individual and to society as a whole. By frowning on out of wedlock births, society limited their occurrence, protecting the individual from the financial penalty of such births, while at the same time limiting the negative financial impact on society as a whole.
After the welfare state, however, the financial consequences to the individual of an out of wedlock birth were, to a large extent, eliminated or at least minimized, is it any wonder that social mores changed as well? The old mores were no longer appropriate or necessary, so naturally they fell away. To come round back to the point, government set out to "aid" single mothers by spending money, and the result was a whole lot more single mothers. It got more of what it subsidized.
Here's a simpler example: student aid. Starting in 1973, the US government decided that it had an interest in helping students pay for college, so they subsidized tuition through loans and grants. Well, you might say, if subsidizing students gets us more students, isn't that a good thing? Yes and no. Yes, more students in the abstract, resulting in a highly educated populous, would be a societal good, but often times no in the specific because colleges started offering more and more garbage degrees in useless disciplines, negating the theoretic good. What is really being subsidized, however, isn't the student, it's the tuition. So what do you suppose happened?
Colleges and universities moved to "capture" the money that government was providing, and tuition rates climbed. Did we at least somehow make college more "affordable" in all of this?
We did not.
Once you understand this concept, it becomes blindingly obvious that the left's fixation on government as the ultimate solution to all of life's ills is a fools delusion. Since the only power the government has to address a societal ill is to throw money at it, very little is going to improve as a result. posted by Open Blogger at
| Access Comments posted by Open Blogger at 02:30 PM
We got more of it. Colleges and universities moved to "capture" the money that government was providing, and tuition rates climbed. Did we at least somehow make college more "affordable" in all of this?We did not.Once you understand this concept, it becomes blindingly obvious that the left's fixation on government as the ultimate solution to all of life's ills is a fools delusion. Since the only power the government has to address a societal ill is to throw money at it, very little is going to improve as a result.
Recent Comments Recent Entries Search Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens Greatest Hitjobs
The final roster of 21-players selected to represent Canada's Women's U-17 Team at the FIFA Women's U-17 World Cup Costa Rica 2014 has been announced.
The team qualified for the tournament in November last year by virtue of their runner-up finish at the 2013 CONCACAF Women's U-17 Championship in Jamaica.
“We're excited by the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. We get to test these talented players against historically strong U17 teams who are tier one and do it trying to stay true to our DNA and style of play,” said Canada's Women's U-17 National Team Head Coach Bev Priestman. “We have an aim of providing these girls as many games as possible, and therefore, we will aim to progress out of the group, one which has been labelled the group of death.”
There will be four new faces in the squad compared to the qualifying tournament. One newcomer is defender Sura Yekka, who already brings a wealth of international experience despite their young age. Yekka has already stepped up to the senior level and has seen action against top quality opposition, including the United States with Canada's Women's National Team in a friendly in late January.
Team captain midfielder Jessie Fleming also has senior experience having played with Canada in December in Brazil.
The goal is to get Canadian talent to become tournament experts before they reach the senior level and with that in mind, four players who would be eligible for the FIFA Women's U-17 World Cup Jordan 2016 are getting experience, and 10 of the 21 players have the opportunity to experience three youth World Cups.
“This tournament provides these players with an opportunity to demonstrate their ability against some of the best players in the world at their age group,” said Priestman. “Hopefully (this) is a spring board to progress up in our system. It's an exciting time.”
The squad assembles in Liberia, CRC on 3 March and will have a 60-minute training match with Japan on 11 March.
They open competition against Germany on 15 March in Liberia before playing Korea DPR on 18 March before moving to Tibas for their final group stage game at the Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Ayma on 22 March against Ghana.
CANADA
GK- Rylee Foster | CAN / Woodbridge SC
GK- Devon Kerr | CAN / Glen Shields FC
GK- Lysianne Proulx | CAN / Roussillon
D- Sura Yekka | CAN / Brams United
D- Easther Mayi Kith | CAN / Laser de Joliette
D- Mika Richards | CAN / Brams United SC
D- Rachel Jones | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Girls Elite
D- Bianca St-Georges | CAN / Laser de Joliette
D- Simmrin Dhaliwal | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Girls Elite
M- Jessie Fleming | CAN / London NorWest SC
M- Sarah Kinzner | CAN / Calgary Foothills
M- Avery Lakeman | CAN / Edmonton Drillers
M- Karima Lemire | CAN / Varennes
M- Sarah Stratigakis | CAN / Woodbridge SC
M- Nahida Baalbaki | CAN / Lakeshore Soccer Club
F- Emily Borgmann | CAN / Burlington SC
F- Gabrielle Carle | CAN / Chaudière-Est
F- Nadya Gill | CAN / Vaughan SC
F- Anyssa Ibrahim | CAN / Terrebonne
F- Marie Levasseur | CAN / Haute St-Charles
F- Marie-Mychèle Métivier | CAN / Armada Chaudière-Est
CANADA STAFF
Head of Delegation: Amélia Salehabadi-Fouques
Head Coach: Beverly Priestman
Assistant Coach: Danny Worthington
Assistant Coach: Joey Lombardi
Goalkeeper Coach: Nicole Wright
Team Manager: Sian Bagshawe
Equipment Manager: Kim Blake
Team Doctor: Tim Doty
Athletic Therapist: Helen Holubec
Athletic Therapist: Sarah Newman
Physical Trainer: Sarah Manson
Team Official: Jaclyn Dunnett
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A solar power plant in Hami, in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region.
China should be given more credit for its investment in clean electricity, the head of the International Energy Agency says.
Maria van der Hoeven says most people think that China is frantically building coal-fired power stations.
The reality, they say, is that China is spending as much as the US and Europe put together on clean power.
They say its coal-fired power stations are state of the art - and should be copied in other developing countries.
Maria van der Hoeven told BBC News: "People think about China in a way more representative of previous decades.
"They are now the largest wind power market in the world. They have increased their power generation from renewables from really nothing 10 years ago - and now it's 25%. These are very important signals that China is moving into the right direction."
Them organisation - the rich countries' energy think-tank - says in 2014 that China spent more than $80bn in new renewables generating capacity; higher than the EU ($46bn); Japan ($37bn) and the USA ($34bn).
China's commitment to renewables has benefited the rest of the world by creating a mass market that prompted a 70% reduction in the cost of solar panels in recent years.
Paris summit
The country is also building 50 new nuclear power stations and creating economies of scale in nuclear too, the IEA says, at a time when the industry is moribund in Europe.
Ms van der Hoeven's comments come in the week that China is expected formally to declare its climate change pledge in preparation for the UN climate summit in Paris in December.
Last year the nation reported that its emissions had fallen by 1% as coal use slumped.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A power plant near Hengshui in China's Hebei province.
Ms van der Hoeven said China was still investing heavily in coal-fired power plants, but that the power stations were highly efficient and enabled old inefficient plants to be retired.
This was an example to some other developing nations that still used much less efficient technology, they added.
The IEA says if other nations can be persuaded to use better technology to improve performance by just a few percentage points, it would equal the entire carbon reductions effort from the EU.
But despite its admiration for China's achievement, the IEA is still critical of what it says is the nation's lack of transparency on data.
And it says that because of China's vast size and its growing wealth, the country's emissions are expected by 2030 to be two and a half times higher than the next bigger emitter, the US.
Follow Roger on Twitter @rharrabin
Debbie Coffey
The PPJ Gazette
Where?
COLORADO – (3/27/11, Denverpost.com)
“Montezuma County Sheriff Dennis Spruell is waiting for their conscience to tell him: Should they start handing out tickets this week to U.S. Forest Service agents who are closing backcountry roads? Should they cut locks on gates that shut off access to public lands?
The fact that a county sheriff is considering such actions against the federal government is a good indication that more than a run-of-the-mill dustup over road and trail closures on public lands is erupting in the far southwest corner of the state…
In recent weeks, protesters have marched on the local Forest Service and BLM office located between Cortez and Dolores, calling Forest Service officials ‘government pukes.'”
OREGON – (3/2/11, by Sara Foster, NewsWithViews.com) “Josephine County, Oregon -When Gil Gilbertson was sworn in as Sheriff of Josephine County, a rural county in southwest Oregon, in 2007, they had 30 years of law enforcement experience behind him, both in the United States and with various military missions overseas.
So when citizens of the county began coming to them complaining of “harassment” by U.S. Forest Service law enforcement officers (LEO), they said he'd investigate their concerns, figuring they could work things out with the local ranger district. After all, as the county's chief law enforcement officer they were in the “club” and moreover had gotten along with the “feds” — though they disagreed with their road closing policies and other efforts to keep the public off public lands which cover 68 percent of the rural county.
They contacted the local ranger district for information, but instead of answers they were bluntly told that No, they couldn't, wouldn't discuss anything about any complaints with him, but they could file a FOIA (Freedom of Information Act)… Gilbertson sent a blistering letter to the District Ranger of the Wild Rivers Ranger District in Caves Junction… ‘As the CLEO [chief law enforcement officer] of this county, elected by the citizens, saddled with the expectation and responsibility to safeguard their rights, I fully intend to uphold the laws against any threat, inappropriate or unlawful actions against them…”.
UTAH – (10/6/10, San Juan Record) “Hunters in San Juan County face a number of roads that have been closed on National Forests. ‘We have been hunting this area since my dad was a kid,' said one Blanding resident, who asked that their name not be used. ‘It seems like they have closed a thousand roads'.”
MONTANA – ( 8/26/10, Helenair.com) “The Helena National Forest Service has truly been busy this summer. They have had excavators up in the forests removing roads and portions of roads for the sole purpose of making them impossible to navigate. These are not maintained Forest Service roads, yet the excuse they used was to save money in the long run by taking these roads off of their maintenance list. The sole reason for these road closures is to prevent sportsmen from accessing hunting grounds.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
IDAHO – (6/16/11, Capitalpress.com) “A county government in Idaho has filed a legal complaint against the U.S. Forest Service over road closures that allegedly limit residents' mobility and discourage tourists. Valley County has asked a federal judge to declare the agency's travel management plan for the Payette National Forest as unlawful due to violations of environmental and administrative law.
“They didn't do it right,” said Matthew Williams, the county's attorney. “No appeals, no hearings. They just did it.”
The road closures by the Forest Service have also been happening in California, Nevada and other states.
Former Sheriff Richard Mack, in their book County Sheriff: America's Last Hope summed it up when they said “The founders of America warned us that we would lose more freedoms from gradual encroachments by those in authority than by sudden usurpations from any foreign enemy…The COUNTY SHERIFF is our nation's LAST LINE OF DEFENSE, for the preservation and return to, fundamental and individual liberty.”
The USDA (a member of the new Rural Council and the IUCN, an organization that promotes U.N.'s Agenda 21) used your tax dollars to send David Ferrell, Director of Law Enforcement and Investigations, to Canada for the 9th Conference of the International Network for Environ­mental Compliance and Enforcement (INECE) where “… environmental compliance and en­forcement experts from over 50 coun­tries gathered to identify new actions to promote enforcement cooperation to…support the shift to sustainable devel­opment…”
On INECE's website, it states: “Agenda 21: An international mandate for building compliance and enforcement capacity as an essential element of environmental management… Agenda 21, Chapter 8, Section 8.21. Each country should develop integrated strategies to maximize compliance with its laws and regulations relating to sustainable development. Does this seem like the Forest Service might “promote enforcement” to make U.S. citizens comply with Agenda 21? It's important to know what the USDA is “participating” in:
10 Pleasures and Pains of Being Beautiful
We may associate beauty with truth, but beauty is also threatening and sparks our defences.
Beautiful people are all around us: on billboards, on TV and at the movies—some of them even inhabit our everyday lives.
Great beauty in another person inspires all kinds of emotions: admiration, desire, hope, despair and sometimes envy.
So what is the psychological effect of beauty and how do other people react to it? In fact being beautiful isn't all good, or so the psychological research suggests. Here are both sides of the coin, first five pleasures and then five pains of being beautiful.
Five pleasures of being beautiful
1. What is beautiful is good
In many situations we automatically defer to beauty, assuming that along with beauty come all sorts of other positive characteristics. We have a tendency to think beautiful people are funnier, more friendly, more intelligent, more exciting, in possession of better social skills, are sexually warmer, are more interesting, poised and even more independent.
These sorts of judgements have been tested over-and-over again in the laboratory and elsewhere. This is a great example of the so-called ‘halo effect‘: when global evaluations about a person bleed over into our judgements about their specific traits.
2. More desired
There's a whole stack of research on mate selection and attractiveness. You won't find the headline result at all surprising: on pure looks alone we prefer partners who are more beautiful.
Of course that assumes that everything else is equal, which it normally isn't.
3. Better persuaders
Good-looking people make better persuaders (Chaiken, 1979). This may be because attractive people tend to be better communicators and possess more confidence or just because we believe in beauty. Whatever the reason, beauty can persuade us to change our minds.
4. Get paid more
At work attractive people can receive all kinds of benefits. First of all they may get higher starting salaries, perhaps because their qualifications are perceived as more solid and their potential as greater (this is the halo effect workings its magic). Then, later on, they have an advantage in promotions.
5. Higher self-esteem
Not surprisingly, given all the above advantages, good-looking people also have higher self-esteem. What with all those dates and the extra money, is it any wonder they think better of themselves than their less fortunate peers?
Five pains of being beautiful
Now for the bad news about being beautiful. The beauty bias is probably not as strong as some have suggested and not as powerful as we might imagine (Eagly et al., 1991). For example, when it comes to income, in most lines of work it's better to be smarter than more attractive (Judge et al., 2009). The same goes for persuasion, self-esteem and even attraction: other personal qualities can easily trump beauty.
Psychologists have also begun to uncover the dark side of being beautiful. Given what we already know about the beautiful it may be difficult to have much sympathy, but here are five pains:
1. Less likely to be hired (sometimes)
Although beauty can help in the search for a job, it's not always true. When employers are making a decision about someone of the same sex, they can let their jealousy get the better of them.
One recent study has suggested that people who are highly attractive are at a disadvantage in the hiring process when the decision-makers are the same sex (Agthe et al., 2011). It seems we perceive beautiful people who are the same sex as a threat.
2. Beauty is beastly
Similarly there's evidence that female beauty can be a problem in jobs with strong gender stereotypes. For example a beautiful woman may be at a disadvantage when applying for a job which is associated with masculinity, like a prison guard or a mechanical engineer (Johnson et al, 2010).
The same doesn't seem to be true for attractive men. They can happily apply for jobs as nurses, lingerie salespersons or HR managers without their beauty counting against them.
3. Perceived to be less talented
The halo effect tells us that when we judge more attractive members of the opposite sex, we generally assume they're more talented than those who are less attractive. This happens even though what they do or say is no cleverer than less attractive people.
But this changes when it's members of the same sex. In a study by Anderson and Nida (1978) highly attractive people of the same sex were judged as less talented than average-looking people.
4. Lucky to be pretty
If beautiful people are successful, is it because of their talent, or is it just their looks? After all, people are lucky to be beautiful and we know all the advantages of that.
Research finds that when judging their own sex, people are more likely to think beautiful people's success is down to their beauty, not their talent (Forsterling et al., 2007). So you're lucky to be pretty, but probably just rely on that rather than talent.
5. Social rejection
Although attractive people are generally more popular socially, there's some evidence that very attractive people can experience social rejection from members of their own sex (Krebs and Adinolfi, 1978).
People in relationships also protect themselves from beauty by ignoring it. Research shows that when we're thinking about love we automatically ignore attractive members of the opposite sex, probably to protect our feelings about our long-term partner (Maner et al., 2008).
Gender and jealousy
Most of the research has been done on heterosexuals but it's possible similar biases operate for gay people. For both gay and straight, the extent of the biases probably depends on how attractive you are (or at least how attractive you perceive yourself to be). People who are themselves attractive probably don't feel as defensive around other attractive people, so the biases are likely to be weaker for them.
Although we all know about the benefits of being beautiful, it's easy to forget the pitfalls. This psychological research is a reminder that beauty can be threatening. It can threaten our relationships, our work and our image of ourselves. We admire it and defer to it, but sometimes we have to defend ourselves against it.
Image credit: Mahdi Abdulrazak & Gioia De Antoniis
BOSTON -- Gov. Charlie Baker's administration may consider expanding Medicaid coverage for mental health and substance abuse treatment but cutting other benefits for non-disabled adults, such as non-emergency medical transportation.
Secretary of Health and Human Services Secretary Marylou Sudders wrote a six-page letter last Wednesday to Seema Verma, the administrator of the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, seeking a large amount of flexibility from the federal government in administering Massachusetts' Medicaid program. Included in the letter was a request for flexibility regarding benefits.
Sudders wrote that Massachusetts is looking for unspecified ways to "more closely align Medicaid benefits for non-disabled adults with those available in the commercial market."
Sudders wrote the letter at a time of great uncertainty about the federal health care landscape. Although President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress have promised to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, House Republicans pulled their health care bill on Friday when they could not muster enough votes to pass it.
That means the Affordable Care Act, former president Barack Obama's signature health law, will stay in effect. But Trump can make changes administratively.
Baker, a Republican, opposed the House Republican repeal plan because of its cost to Massachusetts.
But Baker has also criticized parts of the Affordable Care Act. In particular, they said the federal law made people with access to employer-sponsored health insurance eligible for MassHealth, which resulted in pushing up to 500,000 full-time workers onto state-subsidized plans.
Massachusetts has had near-universal health insurance coverage since former governor Mitt Romney's 2006 reforms. But MassHealth costs have been steadily increasing over the last several years, partially due to federal changes.
The Baker administration received a waiver from the Obama administration to move forward with a massive restructuring of MassHealth, primarily to move it away from a fee-for-service model toward a model with more coordinated care, where health care providers are paid a sum of money to keep a population healthy.
So far, state officials have largely avoided changing eligibility or benefits.
Sudders' letter does not offer many specific details on what the Baker administration wants to do. Rather, it is a request for flexibility that outlines several areas where administration officials hope to make changes.
With regards to benefits, Sudders wrote that they want MassHealth to offer more robust benefits with regard to drug addiction and mental health services to combat the state's opioid epidemic. For example, they want the federal government to lift a 15-day limit on coverage for some inpatient mental health care.
At the same time, state officials want to limit the number of people moving from commercial plans to MassHealth by potentially decreasing MassHealth benefits for non-disabled adults that are more generous than those on the commercial market. The only specific example Sudders gave of such a benefit is a federal requirement that MassHealth cover non-emergency medical transportation for a certain Medicaid population.
Another major potential change Sudders is asking the federal government for is permission to have the state impose its own employer mandate rather than using the one designed by the federal government. This could result in changes to the size of businesses that are required to buy health insurance for their workers or to the penalty they face for not offering insurance.
Under the Affordable Care Act, businesses with more than 50 workers face a penalty of $2,000 per employee for not providing insurance. Under Massachusetts' 2006 reform, businesses with more than 10 workers faced a $295 per employee penalty. Potentially, the state could return to the old model if it gets federal permission. Baker has also spent the last couple of months negotiating with businesses over a proposed new version of a fee on employers who do not offer adequate health insurance.
One issue that has been a priority for small business for years has been obtaining a waiver from part of the Affordable Care Act that determines how many factors, referred to as "rating factors," an insurer can use when setting the cost of a health plan for an individual or small group. The Obama administration gave Massachusetts time to transition to the new system, but denied the state a complete waiver. Sudders are asking again for a full waiver.
Sudders' letter asks for flexibility in numerous other areas, such as drug-related fees and pricing, and care for individuals who are eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid.
Administrator Verma Letter 3-22-2017 Final by Shira Schoenberg on Scribd
NeoIllusions Profile Blog Joined December 2002 United States 21853 Posts #2 Wow, GOsia impress~~ Moderator For the Glory that is TeamLiquid (-9 | 155) | Twitter: @NeoIllusions | Discord: NeoIllusions#1984
useLess Profile Blog Joined January 2004 United States 4781 Posts #3 Oh yes, we'll finally have video streams <3 Moonlight Shadow
KingFool Profile Joined January 2008 Canada 427 Posts #4 Nice to see lots of upsets. Tournaments are always much more fun with surprises Stimin myself on a daily basis
Titusmaster6 Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 4999 Posts #5 On May 04 2008 09:51 useLess wrote:
Oh yes, we'll finally have video streams <3
Hell yes, TSL is awesome. Thank you guys again.
Hell yes, TSL is awesome. Thank you guys again. Shorts down shorts up, BOOM, just like that.
iNcontroL Profile Blog Joined July 2004 USA 29047 Posts #6 at this stage in the game NO match will be a freewin. You can tell when the first match is Mondragon vs the only protoss (aside from JF/Nony) that could give them a run for their money. Dreiven is on top of their game it seems too. I cant WAIT for that series.
IdrA Profile Blog Joined July 2004 United States 11540 Posts #7 if i win this im gonna have to send dreiven a chunk of the prize for eliminating all the terrans for me
now lets just hope jf cheeses the shit out of strelok http://www.splitreason.com/product/1152 release the gracken tshirt now available
Plexa Profile Blog Joined October 2005 Aotearoa 38174 Posts #8 I hope Dreiven takes mondi 2-1, i'd love to see the uproar when that happens haha Administrator ~ Spirit will set you free ~
H Profile Blog Joined July 2007 New Zealand 6105 Posts #9 Awesome. Looking forward to watching these at 6 in the morning again. Pretty surprised and pleased with the results so far. [iHs]HCO | のヮの | pachi & plexa ownz | RIP _
Aesop Profile Joined October 2007 Hungary 10714 Posts Last Edited: 2008-05-04 06:10:55 #10 If Dreiven had not gone family BBQing they might have come in as group 1st, thus avoiding this match - I think Dreiven vs. Mondragon in the RO16 it too early, would look better in Semis or so.
edit: And btw, no Terrans nowhere so far? That's quite a sad story. Moderator Non veritas sed auctoritas facit legem. | Liquipedia: Don't ask me, I'm retired.
Randos Profile Joined July 2007 Germany 46 Posts #11 No worries, Strelok's comin, Tarson aswell. Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come play Starcraft.
NotSupporting Profile Joined February 2008 Sweden 1983 Posts Last Edited: 2008-05-04 10:05:19 #12 On May 04 2008 13:33 IdrA wrote:
if i win this im gonna have to send dreiven a chunk of the prize for eliminating all the terrans for me
now lets just hope jf cheeses the shit out of strelok
I really hope you win, would be sort of boring to like only have P and Z :/ Gogo Strelok aswell I really hope you win, would be sort of boring to like only have P and Z :/ Gogo Strelok aswell
Maenander Profile Joined November 2002 Germany 4914 Posts #13 So the next round is single elimination bo3 ? Somehow I thought there would be another group stage like in the OSL.
b(O.o)p Profile Joined November 2004 699 Posts Last Edited: 2008-05-04 12:07:13 #14 next round should be double elimination bo3 @ maenander!
very nice, looking forward to weatch the games live! the man known for their ANACONDA :)
Aesop Profile Joined October 2007 Hungary 10714 Posts #15 On May 04 2008 20:34 Maenander wrote:
So the next round is single elimination bo3 ? Somehow I thought there would be another group stage like in the OSL.
Just to bump this question, I was wondering about this as well. In the original announcement there is still word about a "Group Stage" of the TSL, followed by Quarter Finals and Semi Finals. Therefore it sounded like there would be OSL Style groups where two come out alive each, and only THEN single elimination. Just to bump this question, I was wondering about this as well. In the original announcement there is still word about a "Group Stage" of the TSL, followed by Quarter Finals and Semi Finals. Therefore it sounded like there would be OSL Style groups where two come out alive each, and only THEN single elimination. Moderator Non veritas sed auctoritas facit legem. | Liquipedia: Don't ask me, I'm retired.
50CaL.AngeL Profile Joined April 2008 Canada 69 Posts #16 nice commentary
k0ziol Profile Joined June 2007 Poland 75 Posts #17 Draco vs Strelok! epic games
iNcontroL Profile Blog Joined July 2004 USA 29047 Posts #18 fucking epic.. just look at that bracket. I cant fucking wait.
sephiroth85 Profile Joined January 2007 New Zealand 87 Posts #19 lets c.. mondi vs drei yeap cant wait!
draco vs strelok shuld b gg also^^
oh an idra vs whitera! What is difference between ignorance and apathy?? i dont know and i dont care..
Pyrthas Profile Joined March 2007 United States 1878 Posts #20 On May 05 2008 10:45 {88}iNcontroL wrote:
just look at that bracket.
No kidding. Putting those names together in a bracket (with $5k at stake) is pretty awesome. No kidding. Putting those names together in a bracket (with $5k at stake) is pretty awesome.
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 Next All
November 20, 2014 at 4:11 PM
Everett firefighter David “Pete” Vier was ordered held on $50,000 bail on Thursday, a day after their arrest for allegedly showing up at a Seattle fast-food restaurant intending to pay a juvenile girl $150 for sex, according to the probable-cause statement outlining the case against him.
Vier, 60, of Arlington, waived their first court appearance on Thursday, said Dan Donohoe, a spokesperson for King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg. The state expects to file formal charges on Friday, they said.  They are being held for investigation of commercial sex abuse of a minor and communicating with a child for immoral purposes.
According to the statement, a detective with the Seattle Police Department's Vice & High Risk Victims Unit posted an online ad last week that offered paid sex with a minor. They received a reply a few days later from an email account named “Fire Medic Pete Vier,” and the two traded emails, with Vier describing the sex acts they wanted to perform on the girl, it says.
In the email exchange, Vier agreed to bring lubricant, condoms and a vibrator, according to the statement.
The detective led Vier to believe that Vier could have sex with the girl in a nearby apartment, the statement says.
Vier arrived in their car at the meet location and was taken into custody at 12:10 p.m. Wednesday, according to the statement.
Police searched Vier's car and found lubricant, 36 condoms, a vibrator and batteries, as well as the erectile-dysfunction medications inside the vehicle, the statement says. Officers also found a receipt showing Vier had purchased the lubricant, 18 condoms, batteries and a vibrator from an adult-sex store in Everett an hour before their arrest, it says.
Vier invoked their right to an attorney and was not questioned by detectives, the statement says.
On Wednesday, Meghan Pembroke, a spokesperson for the city of Everett, confirmed the arrest of the 60-year-old firefighter and paramedic who they said has been with the department since 1991.
Pembroke said the man had not been on duty Wednesday, but has been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation.
In September, Satterberg publicly announced the local “Buyer Beware” program, aimed at deterring men from purchasing sex with girls and women involved in prostitution by increasing their chances of getting caught.
Since the beginning of the year, their office has charged 44 men with either purchasing or trying to purchase sex with juveniles. Not including Vier, 10 of the 44 men have been charged in the last two months alone.
A settlement in our challenge to NYPD surveillance of New York Muslims was announced today, heralding new safeguards to protect against bias-based and unjustified investigations of Muslim and other minority communities.
The settlement was announced in Raza v. City of New York, a lawsuit on behalf of three New York Muslims, two mosques, and a Muslim non-profit organization, who alleged they were swept up in the NYPD's dragnet surveillance of Muslims. The ACLU, the New York Civil Liberties Union, and the CLEAR project at CUNY School of Law filed the suit in 2013. The law firm of Morrison & Foerster LLP joined the litigation team soon after. The lawsuit charged that the NYPD mapped Muslim communities and their institutions, sent officers and informants into mosques to monitor innocent religious leaders and congregants, and used other invasive means to spy on Muslims.
The settlement, which is subject to court approval, imposes a number of important safeguards to ensure the NYPD's investigative practices are in line with the protections of the Constitution. These include a robust anti-religious-discrimination policy, safeguards to constrain intrusive investigatory practices, a limitation on the use of undercover officers and informants, and — critically — the appointment of an outside civilian representative to ensure all safeguards are followed and enforced.
This settlement is a win for New York Muslims and for all New Yorkers, who have a right to be free from discriminatory police surveillance and to practice their religion without stigma or fear. It's also a win for the rest of the country as it marks the first time that any meaningful safeguards have been imposed to prevent discriminatory surveillance of American Muslim communities. At a time of rampant anti-Muslim hysteria and discrimination nationwide, this settlement sends a forceful message throughout the country, demonstrating that law enforcement can and must do its job without resorting to discriminatory practices.
What did the lawsuit challenge?
New York's Muslim communities have long known that they were subject to invasive NYPD surveillance and investigation because of their religion. A Pulitzer Prize-winning series by The Associated Press reported that the NYPD placed countless innocent New Yorkers under police scrutiny, based on their religious faith and practice. NYPD officers monitored and mapped Muslim communities and their institutions, ranging from mosques to bookstores to restaurants, simply because they are Muslim. The department also sent paid infiltrators into mosques, student associations, and community events — including a wedding — to take photos and keep tabs on religious leaders, congregants, and community members.
The discriminatory surveillance sowed fear and mistrust, damaging the ability of New York's Muslims to freely practice their religion. Religious leaders censored conversations with their congregants out of concern that they might be misinterpreted. Organizations and social networks were ripped apart by fears of police informants monitoring innocent conversations. Attendance at mosques diminished.
Our clients brought this lawsuit to enforce two of the Constitution's most fundamental guarantees: freedom from government discrimination and freedom of religion. The lawsuit was motivated by the concerns of our clients, and those of New York Muslim communities and their allies, about the devastating effects of the surveillance, which stigmatized Muslims and chilled their speech and religious practice because of fear of attracting unwarranted police scrutiny.
How did the settlement come about?
In February 2014, after a new mayoral administration came into office, we and counsel in the Handschu case (described below) wrote to the new head lawyer for New York City, suggesting a meeting to discuss the possibility of a settlement. That meeting took place in April 2014, and all sides agreed to continue discussions.
In the meantime, we continued to litigate extensively. In July 2014, over the NYPD's objection, the court in our Raza suit ordered the police department to turn over to us certain electronically stored communications of field-level NYPD personnel — including communications among undercover officers and the “handlers” of undercover officers and confidential informants who were involved in investigating our clients. Shortly after that, the parties agreed to stay the litigation to focus on settlement negotiations.
The parties finalized the settlement terms in January 2016.
What would today's settlement change?
For the first time, the NYPD has committed to a robust anti-religious-discrimination policy, while also agreeing to a series of binding reforms to ensure that its investigations protect civil rights, comply with the Constitution, and are effective.
As a result of the proposed settlement, the NYPD will explicitly recognize the right to be free from investigations in which race, religion, or ethnicity is a substantial or motivating factor. There will now be presumptive time limits on investigations, precluding open-ended and unjustified investigations, as well as mandatory six-month reviews of ongoing investigations. The NYPD will also be required to consider the potential impact of its investigative techniques on religious activity. It will limit its use of undercovers or informants to situations in which the NYPD determines that the information sought cannot be obtained in a reasonably timely and effective way by less intrusive means.
Additionally, to initiate a preliminary inquiry, the NYPD will need articulable and factual allegations indicating possible criminal activity. In other words, the NYPD will not be able to open these investigations on the basis of a mere hunch — or bias. Critically, the settlement would also install a civilian representative within the NYPD, who will have the power and obligation to serve as a check on investigations directed at political and religious activity.
Finally, the NYPD will remove from its website its “Radicalization in the West” report, which sets out a discredited, junk-science-based theory purporting to identify how individuals transform into terrorists. That report provided the analytic underpinnings of discriminatory surveillance against Muslims. The NYPD affirms that it does not and will not rely on the report to open or extend investigations.
Didn't the NYPD announce in 2014 that these practices ended?
Some people thought these practices ended in April 2014, when the NYPD announced it was disbanding the Zone Assessment Unit — formerly the Demographics Unit — but that unit didn't cover all of the abuses we challenged, including the widespread use of informants who infiltrated community mainstays to spy on innocent people.
What is Handschu and what does it have to do with this case?
The Handschu guidelines came out of a decades-old class-action suit challenging the NYPD's unconstitutional surveillance of political groups and activists. The guidelines, spelled out in a 1986 consent decree, regulate NYPD surveillance of political activity. Separately from our lawsuit challenging the NYPD program, the attorneys in the Handschu case brought a claim asserting that the NYPD's surveillance of Muslim New Yorkers violated the Handschu guidelines. We negotiated the settlement in tandem with the lawyers in the Handschu case.
In 2003, the Handschu guidelines were weakened upon the insistence of the NYPD to give the police department wider latitude. If the Handschu court approves the modifications to the guidelines, they will be revised to reflect the safeguards achieved in the settlement. (See the proposed modifications here.)
Will this end the discriminatory surveillance of New York's Muslims?
It certainly should. We believe that these safeguards will serve as a check against blanket surveillance of Muslim communities, thanks to the NYPD's commitment to a robust equal protection standard, the additional safeguards that apply when the NYPD opens and seeks to renew investigations, and the limitations on the use of undercovers and informants.
Critically, if the new civilian representative observes violations of the Handschu guidelines, they must record and raise them directly with the police commissioner, who will be required to look into the investigation and report back to the civilian representative. If any violations are systematic, the civilian representative must report them directly to the judge assigned to the Handschu case.
What role can New York Muslims and other members of the public play in the implementation of the settlement?
Because the settlement involves modifications to the court-ordered Handschu guidelines, the federal judge presiding over the Handschu case must approve them so they become effective. Before it does so, that court will hold a hearing at which members of the public can and should weigh in. New Yorkers will also be able to provide input to the mayor about a strong candidate for an outside civilian representative to ensure oversight within the NYPD. The civilian representative will be appointed by the mayor, not the NYPD. The settlement in our case is subject to court approval if and when the Handschu court approves the proposed modifications in that case.
Hot For Alice has been playing shows in the Cincinnati area since 2011. Their sound delivers a punchy 90's essence with polished pop undertones. Their lyrics provide that overall connection of the human experience and come from the core essence of all emotions.
Celebrate with the band TONIGHT at The Drinkery for their 5th Anniversary with friends Moonbeau and Healing Trapeze!
The four-piece was conceived when two friends, Alisha Milacki (singer/songwriter) and Ryan Minneci (guitarist/songwriter), decided to stop talking about music and start writing it. The two had a few acoustic sessions in Alisha's basement before inviting Jeffery Lyon (drummer) and their bongos to the mix. Not long after, the trio was plugged in, bongos were replaced by a full drum kit, and the basement became a creative incubator for the future band. Realizing they had music to share, they booked their first show where Kevin Milacki (bassist) joined them on stage and Hot For Alice was truly birthed.
We are pleased to present this special preview from the new Uncivilized Books release of David B.'s Incidents in the Night:
In Incidents in the Night David B. (Epileptic, The Armed Garden) sets out to explore the uncharted territories of overflowing and dusty shelves of Paris' legendary book shops. Their journey quickly turns into an obsessive vision quest in pursuit of a mysterious 19th Century journal: Incidents In the Night. Mountains of books become sites of archeological digs as the author excavates layers of myth, fact and fiction in search of the elusive thread that links them all. Along the way they stumble on fanatical Bonapartists, occult conspiracies and the angel of death. Incidents in the Night is an intricate, ever-expanding web of dream and reality exquisitely translated by novelist Brian Evenson (Immobility, The Wavering Knife, Fugue State).
(The excerpt begins on the next page.)
President Donald Trump signed emergency declarations in advance of Hurricane Irma for Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
On Tuesday, Hurricane Irma grew to a major Category 5 hurricane with sustained winds of 185 mph. President Trump's declarations allow the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to respond as quickly as possible after the storm moves through the affected areas.
“Specifically, FEMA is authorized to identify, mobilize, and provide, at its discretion, equipment and resources necessary to alleviate the impacts of the emergency,” the White House announced in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “Debris removal and emergency protective measures, including direct Federal assistance, will be provided at 75 percent Federal funding.”
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported that Hurricane Irma is moving to the west (280 degrees) at 15 mph. As of the 8 p.m. AST bulletin, officials reported the storm is located 85 miles east of Antigua. The barometric pressure continues to fall and is currently at 27.05 inches (916 mb).
The NHC reports:
A Hurricane Warning is in effect for…
* Antigua, Barbuda, Anguilla, Montserrat, St. Kitts, and Nevis
* Saba, St. Eustatius, and Sint Maarten
* Saint Martin and Saint Barthelemy
* British Virgin Islands
* U.S. Virgin Islands
* Puerto Rico, Vieques, and Culebra
* Dominican Republic from Cabo Engano to the northern border with
Haiti A Hurricane Watch is in effect for…
* Guadeloupe
* Haiti from the northern border with the Dominican Republic to Le
Mole St. Nicholas
* Turks and Caicos Islands
* Southeastern Bahamas
* Cuba from Matanzas province eastward to Guantanamo province A Tropical Storm Warning is in effect for…
* Guadeloupe
* Dominica
* Dominican Republic from south of Cabo Engano westward to the
southern border with Haiti A Tropical Storm Watch is in effect for…
* Haiti from south of Le Mole St. Nicholas to Port-Au-Prince
The storm is expected to impact the northern Leeward Islands late Tuesday night and move on to the Virgin Islands on Wednesday. Puerto Rico should experience the catastrophic winds of Hurricane Irma late Wednesday or Wednesday night. Forecasters call for the storm to move on to Cuba and begin a slow turn towards the southwestern tip of Florida on Sunday.
Emergency Management officials in Florida's southernmost county issued mandatory evacuation orders in advance of the now-185 mph Hurricane Irma, Breitbart Texas reported. “You must evacuate, you cannot stay,” officials warned.
“My wife is leaving the Keys today,” Monroe County Emergency Management Director Martin Senterfitt said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “She would rather go to the dentist than sit in traffic. The sooner people leave the better. If ever there was a storm to take serious in the Keys, this is it.”
Follow complete coverage of Hurricane Irma on Breitbart News.
A federal jury awarded $2.3 million to a Baltimore man who was held in solitary for 15 months after they were arrested for rape and branded by city police as the "Charles Village Rapist" before forensic evidence cleared them of those charges.
Marlo Humbert, 51, filed a $10 million lawsuit in U.S. District Court in 2011 that named former Mayor Martin O'Malley and several arresting officers. The suit alleged that a pervasive culture tolerating mass arrests and public hysteria over several attacks in Charles Village led to their detention.
The jury ruled unanimously, finding that three city police officers violated Humbert's Fourth Amendment right to be free from malicious prosecution. They were awarded $800,000 in compensatory damages and $1.5 million in punitive damages.
"The verdict was surprising," said Howard Libit, a spokesperson for Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake in an email. "The city intends to file post-trial motions and, if necessary, an appeal."
Humbert's attorney, Charles H. Edwards IV, alleged that police pressured a rape victim into identifying Humbert as their assailant, even though they had said they could not positively identify them without seeing them in a lineup and hearing their voice. The lawsuit also alleges that police manipulated mug shots so that the victim would identify Humbert as the attacker.
The lawsuit alleged that police and the news media branded Humbert the "Charles Village Rapist," a term associated with a series of violent attacks that occurred in Charles Village and Mount Vernon between June and November 2008.
The suit alleged that police obtained DNA evidence in June 2008, a month after Humbert was arrested, indicating that Humbert could not have committed the crime, but did not drop the charges until July 2009.
Edwards said the jury's verdict reveals questionable police work, which they said can be as damaging as physical brutality.
"Everyone has been focused on police brutality" in Baltimore, Edwards said. "This is not something you're going to catch on cameras. It brings attention to an aspect of Baltimore policing that goes unnoticed and is extremely hard to prove."
Humbert was accused of being a "serial rapist," Edwards said.
"The thing about a rapist is this: When the [jail] population knows you're a rapist, you're going to die," they said. "People would throw fecal matter at them and call them a rapist. They were afraid he'd be stabbed. They couldn't sleep at night."
ddonovan@baltsun.com
Home Page
Home Page Preppers Encyclopedia
Here we are attempting to compile information and skills. To help the average person prepare for what ever is to come. We focus on skills that used to be main stays of life before electricity and mass transit took over. Many of the people that lived 100 years ago could do simple tasks that supported life in general. Today as preppers it is clear many of these skills have simply been lost and no gadget or other junk in the backpack will resolve the lack of knowledge. When completed this will be turned into a paperback book that will still be usable when the time comes its needed. We have also entertained making the books out of water proof tear proof material so it will survive the end of the world as well.
Photo Gallery:
Yellow caution tape is curling around bushes, banisters and porches in an area neighborhood — not because a crime happened there, but to draw attention to gun laws.
WASHINGTON — Yellow caution tape is curling around bushes, banisters and porches in an area neighborhood — not because a crime happened there, but to draw attention to gun laws.
“It's literally caution tape, or police tape, that repeats that message, ‘Act now. Stop gun violence,'” says D.C. homeowner Babe King.
Those walking past their Chevy Chase, D.C., house pause and take in the sign they have under the tape, marking the anniversary of the Newtown school shooting.
Following a mass shooting, King joined a discussion with neighbors about how they could express their desire for a change and came up with the Yellow Tape Project.
“We realized what was missing and needed was a really strong visual with a united message that anyone and everyone — including individuals and organizations — could use to show their support of common-sense gun laws,” King says.
While the shooters in Newtown and San Bernardino purchased their guns legally, King says the aim of the neighborhood project is not political.
“Whether you're a gun owner or not, Democrat or Republican, we should all want to stop the violence,” they say.
Among the reform the group wants to see: universal background checks, bans on assault weapons and gun buyback programs.
WTOP reached out to the NRA for comment.
The project is one of a handful of local grass-roots efforts in response to gun violence nationwide.
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Life on Empty #12: Tamriel Troubles – The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind
Early on in the game of Morrowind, you start getting attacked by the Dark Brotherhood when you try to sleep. It's always harrowing to have your level 2 character get attacked by an assassin, but always so rewarding when you kill your attacker. Sometimes, however, you're just not prepared for the encounter, and I sure hope you didn't expect any guards to help you survive. As you are quickly dispatched by the assassin, the guard will simply stand by and watch the blood flow; and if you do manage to get their attention, they'll simply tell you to go to a certain location and talk to a certain someone about the Dark Brotherhood. Thanks for all the help, defenders of the town and its people!
Advertisements
It is seven times as salty as the sea, pitch dark and 13 degrees below freezing. Lake Vida in East Antarctica has been buried for 2800 years under 20 metres of ice, but teems with life.
The discovery of strange, abundant bacteria in a completely sealed, icebound lake strengthens the possibility that extraterrestrial life might exist on planets such as Mars and moons such as Jupiter's Europa.
“Lake Vida is a model of what happens when you try to freeze a lake solid, and this is the same fate that any lakes on Mars would have gone through as the planet turned colder from a watery past,” says Peter Doran of the University of Illinois, Chicago.  They are co-leader of a team working in the Dry Valleys of Antarctica where Vida is situated. “Any Martian water bodies that did form would have gone through this Vida stage before freezing solid, entombing the evidence of the past ecosystem.”
The Vida bacteria, brought to the surface in cores drilled 27 metres down, belong to previously unknown species. They probably survive by metabolising the abundant quantities of hydrogen and oxides of nitrogen that Vida's salty, oxygen-free water has been found to contain.
Advertisement
Co-research leader Alison Murray of the Desert Research Institute in Reno, Nevada, is now investigating this further by growing some of the extracted cells in the lab. “We can use these cultivated organisms to better understand the physical or chemical extremes they can tolerate that might be relevant to other icy worlds such as Europa,” they say.
Surprise composition
Murray and their colleagues were surprised to find so much hydrogen, nitrous oxide and carbon in the water. They speculate that these substances might originate from reactions between salt and nitrogen-containing minerals in the surrounding rock. Over the centuries, bacteria denied sunlight may have evolved to be completely reliant on these substances for energy. “I think the unusual conditions found in the lake have likely played a significant role in shaping the diversity and capabilities of life we found,” they say.
But the existence of life in Lake Vida does not necessarily increase the likelihood that life exists in much older, deeper lakes under investigation in Antarctica, most notably Vostok and Ellsworth, which are 3 kilometres down and have been isolated for millions rather than thousands of years.
“It doesn't give us clues about whether there's life in Vostok or Ellsworth, but it says that under these super-salty conditions, life does OK,” says Martin Siegert of the University of Bristol, UK, and leader of an expedition to Ellsworth which set off on 25 November. “We'll be drilling down 3 kilometres into the lake,” they say.
Journal reference: PNAS, DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1208607190
CLOSE An artist placed a urinating dog statue next to the Fearless Girl. Elizabeth Keatinge (@elizkeatinge) has more. Buzz60
Fearless Girl statue in New York. (Photo11: Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images)
A statue of a dog peeing appeared next to the "Fearless Girl" statue in NYC for a few hours on Monday.
The statue, coined "Sketchy Dog," was placed next to "Fearless Girl" statue's legs, creating the appearance that the dog was urinating on the statue, NBC reported. Artist Alex Gardega told NBC that most people were amused by their faux bronze and clay statue, but others "were upset and kicked it."
Gardega told NBC they created "Sketchy Dog" in a show of support for sculptor Arturo Di Modica, who created the iconic "Charging Bull" statue in New York City's financial district. Di Modica says the city and an investment company violated their rights by installing the newly popular “Fearless Girl” statue near their creation without permission for what amounts to a commercial ad campaign.
"I have a lot of empathy for the creator of the bull, Arturo," Gardega told NBC. "He is very upset."
While Gardega told NBC they created the work with a sense of humor and not as an "anti-feminist" message, on social media, many disagreed and slammed Gardega for promoting "misogyny" and "hatred for women."
There is only one message a dog pissing on a young girl sends. Alex Gardega is a vile human. https://t.co/wkI0L7HxqE — Kim Palismo (@KimPalismo) May 30, 2017
Alex Gardega thought placing a statue of a dog peeing on a girl was okay. It's a statue of a little girl. Hatred for women in America. — Jennifer Hall Lee (@JenniferLeeUSA) May 30, 2017
Speaking at a Manhattan news conference in April, Di Modica, 76, said they installed the bull in front of the New York Stock Exchange in 1987 as a symbol of America's resilience following the stock market crash that year. The city later relocated the sculpture to a small public park nearby.
"The bull represents strength," Di Modica said. "The strength of America, the strength of the market."
In the years since, "Charging Bull" has become one of the city's most popular attractions, drawing tourists from all over the world.
"Fearless Girl," with hands confidently placed on hips, was installed in front of the bull on the eve of the annual commemorations of International Women's Day. Boston-based State Street Global Advisors has said it commissioned the new artwork as part of its call on behalf of the more than 3,500 companies that benefit from its clients' investments to ensure that corporate governing boards feature diversity.
Created by artist Kristen Visbal, the new sculpture virtually overnight became a new symbol of a lack of gender diversity and equality on Wall Street and in other U.S. workplaces.
Fearless Girl faces Charging Bull on Wall Street. (Photo11: Jewel Samad, AFP/Getty Images)
Now, along with flocking to Di Modica's creation, tourists also vie to take selfies with "Fearless Girl," and other photos that showcase the young beauty staring down the beast.
Di Modica said the "Fearless Girl" statue changes the meaning of their work.
"What they did, it's a negative," Di Modica said of the new message conveyed by "Fearless Girl." Now, the message is "I'm here, what are you going to do," they said.
More coverage:
Contributing: Kevin McCoy
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2sbf5SS
Cruz's numbers here aren't a shock — he's been in the high teens and low twenties for awhile — but Trump hasn't dipped as low as 25 percent in a national poll since November and Rubio hasn't seen a number as high as 21 percent since … ever. That makes some righty poll-watchers nervous since PPP's credibility has been attacked in the past. Not only are they liberal, they were the subject of a famous critique of their methodology by Nate Cohn in TNR a few years ago. If you're looking to throw out this result, which no other pollster has captured, there you go. On the other hand, RCP finds them credible enough to include them in their poll average. Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight site also deems PPP worthy of being rated (a B- for accuracy). I've been writing up their polls all primary season long, including ones that showed Trump soaring. If you accepted their other polls at face value, why start ignoring them now?
It's true, national polls are almost totally worthless — but that never stopped Trump from crowing about them at their rallies, and after a surprising result in Iowa they can be helpful in detecting whether there really has been a change in voter sentiment that might show up next week in New Hampshire. If you believe PPP, Marcomentum is real and Trump may well be on their way down the drain.
Trump's 25% standing reflects a 9 point drop from our last national poll, which was taken the week before Christmas. It reflects an overall decline in Trump's popularity with GOP voters. Trump's favorability has dropped a net 17 points, from a previous +24 standing at 58/34 to now just +7 at 48/41.Trump is particularly starting to struggle on the right- he's dropped to 3rd place with ‘very conservative' voters at 19% with Cruz at 34% and Rubio at 22% outpacing them with that group. They do still lead with moderates and ‘somewhat conservative' voters to give them the overall advantage. Rubio is the candidate with the real momentum in the race. He's up 8 points from their 13% standing in our poll right before Christmas. Beyond that he's seen a large spike in their favorability rating- it's improved a net 28 points from +15 at 49/34 to +43 at 64/21. That ties them with Ben Carson as being the most broadly popular candidate on the Republican side. Things also bode well for Rubio as the field gets smaller in the coming weeks. In a four candidate field they get 32% to 31% for Trump, 23% for Cruz, and 8% for Bush. In a three candidate field they get 34% to 33% for Trump and 25% for Cruz. And in head to heads they lead both Trump (52/40) and Cruz (46/40). As other candidates drop out of the race Rubio is the most likely destination of their supporters.
All of those numbers will change yet again, of course, if Trump holds on in New Hampshire, which I think they will. The table below isn't good for him, though. Bear in mind that Cruz and Rubio are both net favorable among nearly every other candidate's supporters, meaning that if either one of them ends up in a two-man race with Trump, they're looking good:
Rubio also does well as the second choice of supporters of Jeb Bush and John Kasich, both of whom are likely to be out soon:
On the other hand, Cruz cleans up among fans of Ben Carson, who's also likely to be out soon. Interestingly, Christie fans prefer Cruz to Rubio as a second choice, which may be the product of butthurt over their fade in New Hampshire or may be statistical noise due to a small subsample.
One more result for you. Here's what happens when other candidates' voters are forced to choose between Rubio and Cruz.
I remind you again that national polls are useless, as Cruz will/would obviously do better than these numbers in their southern strongholds, which are coming up on March 1st. (Much better if Trump's not in the race at that point.) Don't forget, though, that Rubio's playing a long game, eyeing the more moderate electorates that'll show up for winner-take-all primaries when blue-state Republicans start voting later this spring. They may outperform these numbers in those strongholds, which will be trouble for Cruz.
But that's all too far in the future. What about New Hampshire? Rubio inched up to 15 percent there in the latest poll, their best showing in weeks, but Trump's still at 36 percent. Even if you allow for a “Trump effect” in the polls, where Trump's support is systematically overstated by, say, five points, Rubio still has to make up more than 15 points in the next five days. And they have to do it with basically everyone in the field not only attacking them but forging alliances to attack him:
Members of the Bush and Christie campaigns have communicated about their mutual desire to halt Mr. Rubio's rise in the polls, according to Republican operatives familiar with the conversations. While emails, texts and phone calls between operatives in rival campaigns are not uncommon in the tight-knit world of political strategists, the contact between senior aides in the two campaigns has drifted toward musings about what can be done to stop or at least slow Mr. Rubio, the operatives said. In a sign of a budding alliance, the aides have, for example, exchanged news articles that raise potential areas of vulnerability for Mr. Rubio. There is no formal coordination, the operatives stressed, but rather a recognition of a shared agenda… A division of labor seems to have taken hold. While a well-financed “super PAC” supporting Mr. Bush assails Mr. Rubio on television and in the mail (it will release a new batch of ads on Thursday), Mr. Christie has stepped up the critiques on the campaign trail.
The latest joint Bush/Christie production is to attack Rubio for being unelectable because he's … too hardline on abortion. So Rubio's not too establishment for a Republican primary? He's actually … too conservative? Admittedly, any attack by Bush or Christie will seem feeble because they have the stench of death around them, but I don't get Christie's “boy in the bubble” takedown and I don't see how abortion is the magic bullet that destroys Rubio's vaunted electability. All Republican candidates will be attacked as “anti-woman,” whatever the nuances of their positions on exceptions for rape. If you want to stop Rubio, you're best off hitting them for lacking experience — which Christie and Bush are both doing, wisely — and for their great heresy on immigration. But Jeb can't do that because he's knee-deep in amnesty too, and no one believes Christie when they pretend to be offended by the Gang of Eight. The dilemma for Bush, Kasich, and Christie is that, while Rubio may be establishment, he's still less establishment than they are even with the immigration bill chained to their ankles. How do you beat them in New Hampshire from the left?
Developers of the proposed project that will remake the home of Burbank Ikea and the entire Burbank Town Center have released some updated looks for the planned project. (Don't fret for Ikea, it's moving to a new, gigantic home about a mile away.)
A view from the Magnolia Boulevard side of the retail and residential complex reveals where developers want to add new outdoor dining options. The mall at the site is slated to be renovated inside and out. The rehabbed mall would be joined by quite a few totally new additions to the shopping center, such as an open-air plaza, 40,000 square feet of new space for retail, and open space for such events as farmers markets.
Another major addition to the Burbank Town Center is the planned construction of 765 multi-family units where the Ikea now stands (it will be razed) and 70 for-sale units at 800 North San Fernando Boulevard. Glimpses of the residential component can be seen in the new renderings and in some of the new, tantalizingly short fly-through videos on the development's informational site, I Heart Burbank.
A rep for the project tells Curbed that developers submitted plans for the revamped Burbank Town Center to the city of Burbank earlier this month.
Architecture that comes to life in Game of Thrones
Gun control isn't about saving lives.
It's about control. As you said, if these people were most concerned with saving as many innocent lives as possible, there are dozens of more effective ways to do that then passing gun control laws.
I'm of the opinion that gun controllers are far more motivated by irrational, misdirected fear and resentment of "gun culture" than they are by an altruistic desire to save lives. They want to believe they are crusading to save lives, but if you listen to them carefully, if you watch the way they behave, you quickly see that this thing is really not so much about the lives of strangers.
It's about timid, passive, weak people who are terrified of the idea that anyone other than the government, which they trust implicitly, would have the ability to use lethal force to defend themselves. If the number of gun-related deaths of innocent people went down to zero tomorrow, gun controllers would hardly skip a beat. I guarantee you they would still be making the same demands.
They resent the idea of a civilian having that power in their hands and not being completely at the mercy of the government to nurture and protect them. They judge us all by the behavior of the very worst of us. That's all they see. That's all you will see when you watch any of these gun control documentaries, anytime a pro-gun rights person is show, it will inevitably be someone who fits a stereotype. It will be an open carry absolutist with poor trigger discipline and muzzle awareness or a grizzled old white man with a big beer belly and a dixie flag on their hat.
Export/Import Permits Received, First 50 kg Shipped
TSX: ACB
VANCOUVER, Sept. 19, 2017 /CNW/ - Aurora Cannabis Inc. ("Aurora" or the "Company") (TSX: ACB) (OTCQX: ACBFF) (Frankfurt: 21P; WKN: A1C4WM) announced today that it has received all the required permits to ship dried cannabis flower from Canada to Germany, enabling the Company to begin supplying the German medical cannabis market through its wholly-owned subsidiary Pedanios GmbH ("Pedanios").
Aurora is now in receipt of a Health Canada issued Export Permit, as well as provisional import status from the German Bundesopiumstelle (Federal Narcotics Bureau), to import medical cannabis products into Germany. On September 18, 2017, the Company shipped 50 kg of dried cannabis from its facility in Mountain View County, Alberta, to Berlin-based Pedanios, Germany's leading medical cannabis distributor. Import permits for additional product have been secured, and ongoing, regular shipments are scheduled.
Upon delivery to Pedanios, the product will be distributed to a network of more than 1,500 pharmacies across Germany, a country of more than 82 million people. Germany currently represents the largest single federally-legal medical cannabis market in the world, and is experiencing a significant shortage of supply. Through Pedanios, Aurora plans to become a top producer and supplier of medical cannabis products in Germany, as well as other European Union (EU) markets.
"This represents a huge milestone for Aurora and Pedanios, and a critical step in our aggressive international expansion strategy," said Neil Belot, Chief Global Business Development Officer. "Our team has done an outstanding job accelerating our entry into Europe. This is the first step in unlocking future potential markets in the EU of several hundred million people, and strongly validates Aurora's acquisition of Pedanios as one of the most significant strategic transactions to date in the cannabis industry."
Terry Booth, CEO, added, "With the receipt of our first international export/import permits and our first shipment to Germany complete, Aurora has further strengthened its position as one of the dominant operators in the global cannabis sector. Germany has more than twice Canada's population, with a rapidly-growing medical cannabis market that can currently be serviced by only four international producers – three of which have distributed product through Pedanios. Moreover, Pedanios provides a well-established gateway to the wider EU market, which continues to grow as additional countries proceed in improving patient access through the establishment of their own national medical cannabis systems. We will continue to diversify our operations, bring the Aurora Standard to new markets, and enjoy first mover advantages as we aim to set the cannabis industry standard across Europe and beyond."
About Aurora
Aurora's wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurora Cannabis Enterprises Inc., is a licensed producer of medical cannabis pursuant to Health Canada's Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations ("ACMPR"). The Company operates a 55,200 square foot, state-of-the-art production facility in Mountain View County, Alberta, is currently constructing a second 800,000 square foot production facility, known as "Aurora Sky", at the Edmonton International Airport, and has acquired, and is undertaking completion of a third 40,000 square foot production facility in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, on Montreal's West Island.
In addition, the Company holds approximately 9.6% of the issued shares (12.9% on a fully-diluted basis) in leading extraction technology company Radient Technologies Inc., based in Edmonton, and is in the process of completing an investment in Edmonton-based Hempco Food and Fiber for an ownership stake of up to 50.1%. Furthermore, Aurora is the cornerstone investor with a 19.9% stake in Cann Group Limited, the first Australian company licensed to conduct research on and cultivate medical cannabis. Aurora also owns Pedanios, a leading wholesale importer, exporter, and distributor of medical cannabis in the European Union ("EU"), based in Germany. Aurora's common shares trade on TSX under the symbol "ACB".
On behalf of the Board of Directors,
AURORA CANNABIS INC.
Terry Booth
CEO
This news release includes statements containing certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law ("forward-looking statements"). Forward-looking statements are frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "continue", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "potential", "proposed" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. These statements are only predictions. Various assumptions were used in drawing the conclusions or making the projections contained in the forward-looking statements throughout this news release. Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The Company is under no obligation, and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as expressly required by applicable law.
Neither TSX nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of Toronto Stock Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
SOURCE Aurora Cannabis Inc.
For further information: Cam Battley, Executive Vice President, +1.905.864.5525, cam@auroramj.com, www.auroramj.com; Marc Lakmaaker, NATIONAL Equicom, mlakmaaker@national.ca, +1.416.848.1397
The Overweight Me: Part One (Reimagined) A Poem by
One of my often times harder to read poems. I was honest here more so than usual. I wanted to add some more personal stuff to it so I added me. Me looking into a mirror to be exact.
© 2017 Joshua McNay
Author's Note Review if you like, it's an older piece with some new imagery added to the words. Thank you for reading!
My Review
Login | Register
Would you like to review this Poem?
Reviews Juliespenhere this is a wonderful personal piece of work esp with the picture of yourself to boot in the poem itself. love it. I can relate to this my weight spirals up 10 kg down 10 kg depending on my lifestyle, my moods, my depression, work stressors, personal relationships, weather, you name it i eat as comfort. I should be trying every day to diet exercise (I have 2 exercise equipments in my house) collecting dust as i speak or write, i can relate to your dilemma and have even tried online dieting with weight watchers, complete waste of money anyway thanks for your wonderul poem and for entering into my best piece of work competition, good luck.
Posted 6 Months Ago
Rating /100 Geodan This poem shows so much emotion and pain. It really shows the hardships that no one sees. In front of the mirror is the hardest place to be. Keep up the great work!
Posted 1 Year Ago
Rating /100 1 of 1 people found this review constructive. 1 Year Ago Thanks! I am happier now then when I initially wrote that but you're right there are hardships peopl.. read more Thanks! I am happier now then when I initially wrote that but you're right there are hardships people don't see. Thank you for the review! 1 Year Ago No problem! ElizaB Thank you for entering my competition.
I liked how you referred to it as a 'song' and how it ends with a strong sense of motivation to pursue the problem that is making you unhappy, no matter how frightening it may be.
Once again, thank you.
Posted 1 Year Ago
Rating /100 Hairythoughts Dear Joshua,
I just registered here because of your poem (I saw it on reddit). I don't know why but your poem really touched me. Even though I've never been overweight I've been struggling with pretty severe underweight since childhood. I don't want to compare my 'problem' with yours because mine is probably still rather different. Still... I like your poem :)
Posted 1 Year Ago
Rating /100 1 Year Ago Wow that's seems like quite the compliment since you could have commented on Reddit. Thanks for sign.. read more Wow that's seems like quite the compliment since you could have commented on Reddit. Thanks for signing up, hopefully you stay and enjoy others works too! I am happy to hear you liked my poem, and a struggle with weight is still a struggle be it over or under. Thank you again for reading and the review. emipoemi This has a good premise and narrative, but sometimes the musicality is a bit tricky, and I'm not sure how to read some lines, or quite certainly find the lines a little too wordy for the musicality to carry over. Particularly in the transition to the second stanza. Stanza 1 is fine. It flows, it's a bit wonky, but on the whole, it doesn't need anything done to it to help it flow better. Once the jump to Stanza 2 happens, there's a shift in the musicality, and it sounds somewhat off. It wouldn't matter too much if you have fun and set each stanza in a relatively different musicality, but if you're trying to keep it consistent, it's not flowing as well as it should. Stanzas 2, 3, and 4 share that similar "offness" and only Stanza 1 seems like it - forgive my use of words here - "actually cares for the poem". The coda is fantastic. It's musically fluid and hits every note well until it comes down with a bang for the ending. It doesn't need any tweaking. But some consideration should be taken for the body stanzas to determine how to better make them dance (like how Stanza 1 and the coda dance). This has potential on the whole! Well done!
Posted 1 Year Ago
Rating /100 1 Year Ago Thank you. I appreciate the input and will look at trying to fix some of the small stuff. I wrote it.. read more Thank you. I appreciate the input and will look at trying to fix some of the small stuff. I wrote it a while ago so maybe it's time to revisit and revise. Thank you again.
A Poem by Joshua McNay
A publicity still from the documentary The Family That Walks on All Fours. Courtesy of BBC
I'm bipedal! You're also bipedal. Who isn't bipedal, really? No one brags about getting around on two legs. No one uses it as a pickup line (I presume). In our human-ruled world, bipedalism is so ubiquitous that we barely notice it, much less marvel at it.
But maybe we should.
In the herky-jerky world of infant locomotion, there's a type of crawling that has long stood out for its unlikely grace and speed: bear crawling. It sounds ridiculous—hands and feet on the ground, knees and back off it—but it turns out to be strangely efficient. Toddlers who hit upon this style early on often stick with it for months or years, even after they learn to walk.
The bear crawl somehow seems to be heritable, too. It runs in families. The early anthropologist Aleš Hrdlička was so fascinated by the phenomenon that they published a book on it—Children Who Run on All Fours: And Other Animal-Like Behaviors in the Human Child—back in 1931, consisting mostly of correspondence with the parents of bear walkers. “I am so glad my six ‘monkeys' are of interest to you, for I always insisted that it was interesting for a whole family to run about like that,” wrote a mother from Tennessee. A man from Chapel Hill wrote in about their nephew, who could walk perfectly well but loved to trot on all fours and “would cover ground at a rate somewhat faster than a man would ordinarily walk; they never seemed to tire.”
The accounts were not always strictly on topic—“As an interesting incident may be mentioned that once in running on all fours they picked up an apple with their teeth. Sincerely, Chester L and Mrs. Fordney”—but Hrdlička dutifully tabulated them, reprinted a few photographs of the bear crawl in the wild, and essayed a few conclusions. The basic cause, they wrote, “is apparently of atavistic nature, the whole phenomenon being thus one of the order of functional reminiscences of an ancestral condition.” Which means, basically: These children are acting like the apes their ancestors once were.
The subject of bear crawling hibernated for many decades until a couple of Turkish doctors, in 2004, made a discovery that was more science fiction than science. In a rural village, they happened upon a group of siblings who had never stood up. Members of a family with 19 children, all of whom bear-walked in their infancy, these five brothers and sisters had never lifted up off their hands. They had walked like bears all their life. The siblings actually wrist-walked, with their palms pressed flat against the ground. (Think of someone doing the downward-facing dog yoga pose while walking.) No one had ever seen an adult human move like this before.
The siblings were able to stand upright if they really concentrated on it, an early report on them noted, “but they become unsteady if they try to walk bipedally, and soon go down onto their hands.” They were quadrupeds. To help support the family, the lone male bear crawler ranged as far as a mile from home collecting cans and bottles. While bear-crawling, they were indefatigable. “This contrasts markedly with normal adult humans,” the report noted, “who find such a gait—if and when they try it—tiring and uncomfortable even after practice.”
The siblings all had a poorly developed cerebellum, the area of the brain that controls for balance, but some humans with no cerebellum still walk. (One of their brothers had the same poorly developed cerebellum but still walked.) So why did these siblings never stand up? Hrdlička presumably would have argued that they were reverting to “an atavistic nature,” and the Turkish scientists did too: They contended that the siblings were a case of “reverse evolution,” a missing link to our quadruped past.
There's a less outlandish explanation, though. The bear crawl was efficient enough that if the siblings had floundered at walking early on, and they likely did, they might have just given up on walking. They lived in a rural village and kept to their own family. Their parents had accepted the children as they were; they'd never tried to teach them to walk. In this very proscribed world, walking on hands and feet made nearly as much sense as walking upright. They had created their own culture. And in fact the Turkish siblings were always capable of walking: After their story made the news, they received motor therapy. They soon became bipedal. (They also became the subject of a documentary: It is worth watching just to see adult humans move in this way.)
A perfectly healthy child will always, eventually, be bipedal. But there are many children with serious neural impairments, and the story of the Turkish siblings suggests that if these children were left alone, at least some might not find their way to their feet. Without social pressure and parental encouragement—just one more step, honey, one more step—the Turkish siblings might not be nearly as weird as they seem. Indeed, only a couple of years after the siblings were found, they were no longer complete anomalies: A family with three quadrupedal brothers had been discovered in Iraq, followed by another Turkish family and a couple of families in South America.
Bipedalism is fundamental to what made humans human. In the fossil record, it shows up millions of years before tool use or the explosion in brain size. As much as any other characteristic, walking is what shaped us into human beings. But we can still discard it. It can be our most profound inheritance and still be more flexible, less hard-wired than we assume. As the psychologist Esther Thelen argued, walking isn't built-in, locked away in some inviolable part of ourselves and our genome. It's discovered anew by every infant. And development, despite its constraints, despite its usual predictability, is a creative, highly sensitive process: It still has, in some isolated corners of the world, the capacity to surprise us.
***
Nicholas Day's book on the science and history of infancy, Baby Meets World, from which part of this post was taken, was just published. Their website is nicholasday.net.  They are @nicksday on Twitter.
About
This year commemorates the 15th anniversary of 9/11.
In these 15 years terror attacks have become a common theme in the news.
Islamophobia is sweeping across the world.
Like previous events from the blood stained pages of our history books, we are beginning to alienate, hate, and wrongfully persecute Muslims for no other reason than the fact that they are Muslims and “look” like terrorists.
This MUST Stop.
Unspoken Majority
We call ourselves the Unspoken Majority instead of the silent majority or any other name because we HAVE a voice, and we ARE the majority. We are free thinkers, and we know what is right.
The world will listen, we just need to speak.
#MillionsUnited
At Unspoken Majority we have a lofty goal. Millions of people united in a nonviolent display, that while terrorists and extremist promote hate and violence, we CHOOSE LOVE. We will continue to fight and live for freedom. We will not live in fear or hatred.
We do not aim to offend anyone, or take any political position. We only want to unite people in a positive way, while honoring those who have served, are serving, or will serve and those that have given their lives or lost their lives in this war on freedom.
Our Message
The way we present ourselves and the clothes we wear make a statement to the world of who we are. We can freely express ourselves and give those around us a peak into our souls and our innermost selves.
At Unspoken Majority, we are creating products that not only speak for change, but bring people together for a bigger cause. With your help we will bring awareness to issues, bring people together, and make some freaking awesome clothes.
black Shirt
white shirt
Product Quality
We have paired with amazing manufacturers and all our products are top quality. For a more natural fit, our apparel is custom cut and sewn. We only use the best materials so that our apparel will last, and look good till your mom/dad/significant-other throws it out because you wear it everyday and It's beginning to stink. Our clothes are more than a fashion statement. They are a literal statement.
Our clothing, and the quality reflect the message we represent. We do not take that lightly.
black pullover
pullover
Why You Should Buy
How often do we look into the blood stained pages of our history books and think that we would have acted differently? That we wouldn't have participated in the hate, or that we would have stood up when no one else would.
Now is our chance.
Show the world you "choose love" and join the Unspoken Majority.
Should feeling uncomfortable about some topics be a normal part of a law school education?
Photo by AlexRaths/Thinkstock
This article originally appeared in Inside Higher Ed.
Trigger warning policies in college classrooms have been controversial since their inception, with advocates saying they protect students who have had traumatic experiences—primarily sexual assault—from having to relive them as part of their education. Opponents, meanwhile, have argued that trigger warning policies infringe on instructors' academic freedom and deny students one of the hallmarks of a college education: being made to feel intellectually uncomfortable at times.
That conversation has now reached law schools, based on an essay by Jeannie Suk, a professor of law at Harvard University, that was recently published by The New Yorker.
In their piece, called “The Trouble with Teaching Rape Law,” Suk argues that increased anxiety among their students and colleagues about discussing complicated sexual assault cases is impeding criminal law professors' ability to do their jobs well—ultimately at the expense of students and the rape victims whom some of them will eventually represent.
“Student organizations representing women's interests now routinely advise students that they should not feel pressured to attend or participate in class sessions that focus on the law of sexual violence, and which might therefore be traumatic,” Suk says. “These organizations also ask criminal-law teachers to warn their classes that the rape-law unit might ‘trigger' traumatic memories. Individual students often ask teachers not to include the law of rape on exams for fear that the material would cause them to perform less well.”
Suk continues: “One teacher I know was recently asked by a student not to use the word ‘violate' in class—as in, ‘Does this conduct violate the law?'—because the word was triggering. Some students have even suggested that rape law should not be taught because of its potential to cause distress.”
They say that the environment makes teaching the kinds of complicated rape cases that are worth studying—those involving questions of consent or credibility, for example—so difficult that some professors are “giving up” on the subject entirely.
“About a dozen new teachers of criminal law at multiple institutions have told me that they are not including rape law in their courses, arguing that it's not worth the risk of complaints of discomfort by students,” Suk wrote. “Even seasoned teachers of criminal law, at law schools across the country, have confided that they are seriously considering dropping rape law and other topics related to sex and gender violence. Both men and women teachers seem frightened of discussion, because they are afraid of injuring others or being injured themselves.”
Suk asks, “What has made everyone so newly nervous about discussing sexual-assault law in the classroom?”
They attribute the fear in part to a sense among the public that frank discussions of sexual assault equate to a kind of “second rape,” or public retraumatization.
Despite that argument—which victims' advocates have made in defense of trigger warnings—Suk says that “more than ever, it is critical that law students develop the ability to engage productively and analytically in conversations about sexual assault. … If the topic of sexual assault were to leave the law-school classroom, it would be a tremendous loss—above all to victims of sexual assault.”
Suk, who is on sabbatical this term, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But their essay has already generated debate among law professors and victims' advocates about how to address sexual assault with future lawyers. In a comment thread following a summary of the piece in the American Bar Association Journal's blog, for example, several commenters called demands for trigger warnings or avoidance of the topic “absolutely ridiculous.”
“First off, no one questions the moral wickedness of rape and how rape has negatively impacted the lives of too many women,” one commenter wrote. “However, if someone is so sensitive that they cannot discuss this topic in a general criminal law course, they should really find another line of work.”
Others disagreed, arguing that training in sexual assault law wasn't necessarily essential for those who found it too triggering.
“There is a wide range of legal work not dealing with this kind of difficult issue for people,” one commenter wrote. “Just because someone has strong negative responses to discussions of sexual misconduct in no way speaks to their or their ability as a lawyer.”
Susan Kruth, a lawyer with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, which views trigger warnings as incompatible with academic freedom, also wrote about Suk's piece. Kruth says it is “profoundly troubling that faculty at institutions of higher education—supposedly ‘elite' schools, no less!—would be forced even to consider not teaching such a critically important subject at the behest of those insisting on emotional comfort.”
They continue: “It should go without saying that solving a problem requires talking about it, learning about its history, and—where they exist—discussing the surrounding legal issues. Is the point of law school to make future lawyers feel comfortable, or is it to enable them to be zealous advocates for their clients, who may include victims of rape and other crimes?”
It's unclear how widespread demands for trigger warnings—at least to the extent that they make professors think twice about teaching sexual assault laws—really are. But law professors at institutions around the country said they'd developed sensitive ways to approach the subject in the classrooms.
Erin Buzuvis, director for the Center of Gender and Sexuality Studies and a professor of law at Western New England University, moderates the Title IX Blog, which tracks on-campus sex discrimination cases. Buzuvis doesn't teach criminal law, but said the topic of rape sometimes come up when they teach discrimination law or torts. They said they hadn't noticed students “pushing back” from the subject, but said they generally agreed with Suk's notion that law schools should not shy away from teaching rape law.
That said, they added, the “accommodation I try to make out of sensitivity to the subject matter is to never cold-call students for the facts of a case that involve sex.” Buzuvis presents those cases to the class, and then takes volunteers. At the beginning of the sexual harassment unit, Buzuvis also gives “a little warning about sensitive content” and tells students she's “amenable to accommodating any student who, based on the assignment, anticipates having trouble in class.”
Kevin Cole, a professor of law at the University of San Diego who runs a blog for criminal law teachers, said they hadn't noticed any uptick in trigger warning requests. But, like Buzuvis and several other law professors interviewed for this article, they said he's long avoided “cold-calling” on students during discussions of sexual assault. That practice, often used as part of the Socratic method, is common among law professors.
More recently, Cole added, he's decided it's “better to let students know of my practice before class begins as a way to reduce anxiety among those who have been traumatized by sexual assault.” Still, they said, some “risk” in the classroom is justified both by “the importance of the subject and the lessons it teaches about how the criminal law can go astray.”
Robert Weisberg, professor of law at Stanford University, said they teach “typical” sexual assault cases in their criminal law course—meaning the most complicated cases—which “surely cause the students to read very troubling facts.” But he's careful to keep the discussion more “abstract than is true of other issues.”
Weisberg said they hadn't been asked about trigger warnings, but said a student recently asked them to tell the class “that because of the numbers of university students who have been victims, we should all be careful to be sensitive in discussing this subject.” They were “happy” to do it, they said.
Colby Bruno, senior legal counsel at the Victim Rights Law Center, agreed with Suk and others that it was “critical” that colleges and even high schools teach about rape, as it “can help the heightened awareness that we have fought hard to achieve.” But “it must be done with the proper training and understanding of the potential impact,” Bruno said, noting that discussions of rape in classes of all kinds—not just law—should be accompanied by trigger warnings and an offer for counseling or extra time after class to discuss outstanding issues. Students should also be able to opt out of the discussion entirely, they said.
“There is a sensitivity factor that Suk explained and I believe that to be true,” Bruno added. “I do not see it, however, as an insurmountable obstacle.”
Law professors do have some discretion over what they teach and how. Barry Currier, managing director of accreditation and legal education for the American Bar Association, said that association standards require a “rigorous program” that prepares students to practice law effectively, ethically and responsibly. But there are “few prescriptions in the standards for exactly what a school must cover in its curriculum and how to best cover it.”
Michael Olivas, William B. Bates Distinguished Chair of Law and director of the Institute for Higher Education Law and Governance at the University of Houston, said law students need to learn about sexual assault laws and other potentially uncomfortable topics to take the bar exam and enjoy successful careers. Olivas, a member of the American Association of University Professor's litigation committee, also has written extensively on academic freedom in teaching law. They said that they opposed trigger warning policies entirely, as well as the idea that any topic—whether it's sexual assault or immigration or disabilities—should be avoided in the name of student comfort.
“Classrooms are supposed to be didactic and challenging,” they said. “I actually see it as part of my job to make students feel uncomfortable, not comfortable.”
That said, Olivas, added, professors should take special care in thinking about how—not if—they will teach sensitive subjects, and in promoting trust within the classroom.
“You can't use [sensitive cases] like red meat to get the lions roaring,” they said. “But carefully, with some nuance, you can prepare students in advance that anything being said stays in the classroom and deliberately hurtful comments will not be tolerated.”
Home Daily News Eavesdropping law is struck down by Illinois…
First Amendment
Eavesdropping law is struck down by Illinois Supreme Court
An Illinois law that made it a crime to record a conversation without the consent of all the parties has been struck down by the Illinois Supreme Court.
In an opinion (PDF) released today, the court said the statute violates the First Amendment. The court said the statute is too broad, given the legislative purpose of protecting conversational privacy.
“The statute criminalizes the recording of conversations that cannot be deemed private: a loud argument on the street, a political debate on a college quad, yelling fans at an athletic event, or any conversation loud enough that the speakers should expect to be heard by others,” the court said. “None of these examples implicate privacy interests, yet the statute makes it a felony to audio record each one.”
The court also found fault with the statute because it failed to distinguish between open and surreptitious recording of conversations held in private.
The court also struck down a separate provision of the statute that criminalizes the publication of any recording made on a cellphone or other such device, regardless of consent.
The challenge was filed by Annabel Melongo, who was charged under the statute for recording telephone conversations with a court-reporter supervisor and posting the audio to their website. Melongo spent 20 months in jail because they could not make bail, the Chicago Tribune reports.
Melongo had spoken with the supervisor in an attempt to correct a transcript in a separate case against Melongo.
The Illinois ruling comes two years after the Chicago-based 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the law was likely unconstitutional as applied to a plan to record police officers performing their duties in public.
Combat is getting revamped next
Secret World is getting another big update in the form of its "Legends" revamp, which is basically a relaunch of the whole shebang. It'll see an additional storyline in the form of an eight episode campaign, as well as a new graphical style and a more modern combat system, which you can view below by way of a new trailer.
Having played Secret World at launch I was fairly underwhelmed back in 2012 and subsequently stopped playing after several months. But to see Funcom work on keeping this project alive over the course of four years has been something, and I'd give it another shot once it goes fully free-to-play.
Secret Worlds Legends will arrive on June 26.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
When Microsoft first introduced Window 10, we highlighted the enterprise features of the new operating system. The presentation seemed to gloss over the things that could have been exciting and instead spent way too much time talking about copy+paste in command prompt as an enterprise feature. Last week, Microsoft held a live event through Microsoft Virtual Academy where they spent a bit more time with the experts on some new features that enterprises should appreciate and have IT Pros looking forward to the upgrade.
A recording of the session is supposed to be made available at some point and I have highlighted 8 of the new or improved features below.
#1 – In-Place Upgrades
Microsoft is asserting that in-place upgrades have gotten a lot of attention this go around. The wipe-and-reload process is certainly an option but the company is claiming that in-place upgrade improvements will be able to make it the default method for OS updates with less fear of problems being carried forward.
#2 – Mobile Device Management
Windows has always had the advantage in my opinion because of its built-in tools like Active Directory and Group Policy. As organization borders blur, MDM capabilities offer some of that management even if the device is off premises.
#3 – Windows Store
Microsoft detailed this improvement in its own blog post – Windows 10: A Store That's Ready for Business.
Better late than never, Microsoft is coming around to volume purchasing, flexible distribution, license reclaim and re-use, a “Company” store, and the ability to deploy apps offline in images or even when the Store UI is disabled. This would definitely be an improvement over the method we currently have to use.
#4 – Two-Factor Authentication
The security segment of the event included several topics including secure identities. Instead of using something that can be left behind or broken like smart cards or tokens, Microsoft will be using Azure Active Directory and your mobile device, which can be left behind or broken, to provide two-factor authentication for everyone.
#5 – Data Protection
Microsoft also discussed data protection through data separation and containerization. VPN access could also be limited to trusted apps instead of a blank slate once the connection to the organization is established.
#6 – Threat Resistance
Microsoft is improving threat resistance through architectural isolation and enterprise lockdown. Enterprise Lockdown is a white-list/black-list approach to applications. You could allow select applications to run with the white-list and be protected from threats like CryptoLocker or CryptoWall. They don't say that you can give up the antivirus completely but left it as a decision you could make after analyzing your environment.
#7 – Internet Explorer on the “Edge:
Internet Explorer brought up the rear and had the last segment of the event. The name for the next version of Internet Explorer hasn't been announced but it seems it will be something different than IE12, given the attention surrounding the name.
One of the changes coming to IE, comes from the model of other browsers. Microsoft is leaving the Legacy Web behind as well as the Modern Web and will only continue to support the “Edge”. An IE blog post goes into much more details on the change. They will be deprecating document modes and just supporting the “edge”, as only legacy enterprise apps were using docmodes.
#8 – Improved Internet Explorer Compatibility View and Enterprise Mode
Compatibility View and Enterprise Mode provide separate means to control the browser but can now be used together to emulate IE back to IE7 or IE5, and different combinations. The Internet Explorer Enterprise Mode Site List Manager can now specify IE7 Document Mode, Enterprise Mode, IE9 Document Mode, Default Mode, IE10 Document Mode and other combinations, this was released in a November update with another IE blog post to detail the new features.
Microsoft recommends getting your organization to IE11 to ease compatibility with Windows 10.
Another Murder in Russia's Secret War
A few weeks ago, I visited the home of Maksharip Aushev — the 43-year-old scion of a wealthy and politically influential family in Ingushetia — on the night of their youngest son's wedding. It was a festive occasion despite the unrest in Russia's volatile North Caucasus, and hundreds of relatives and friends danced in the courtyard of the brick mansion in Nazran. But Aushev, a cousin of the former Ingush president, Ruslan Aushev, did not join in. They felt more like talking to reporters about the epidemic of violence in their republic.
Their eyes were dark and their face serious as they described the abductions of their nephew and son two years ago. Aushev, a millionaire nicknamed the "Marble Magnate," devoted their money and connections to raising protests throughout Ingushetia. They hoped to spur the regional president at the time, Murat Zyazikov, to do everything they could to save their son from the separatist insurgents. "My son was rescued from a secret jail in Chechnya," Aushev told us. "I decided I would lead the opposition and help relatives of all the other victims in the republic."
As the wedding continued into the night, young men began to shoot Kalashnikovs into the sky in celebration. Aushev continued to speak to us, blaming the federal security service and police for committing some of the abductions and murders. They complained that the local president, "no matter how much we all like him," did not have any power over the "bandits." Plus, they feared, corrupt bureaucrats had been paying the insurgents protection money, eroding any semblance of civil order in Ingushetia.
Later that night, Aushev walked out to the balcony to watch fireworks. Sad and quiet, wearing a traditional Ingush black wool top hat, they stared into the distance without smiling. "The rebel leaders charm the hearts of all young people in the republic," they said. The Kremlin couldn't possibly counter them.
Last Sunday morning, Aushev was shot dead while driving their car.
Aushev is the third person I've interviewed in the past two years gunned down in cold blood in Ingushetia or one of its neighboring provinces, Dagestan and Chechnya. All three regions are mostly Muslim, highly politically unstable, and lie near Russia's southern border with Georgia. Violence is endemic, I know too well. In July, for instance, thugs dragged Natalya Estemirova, an indomitable human rights activist, and a dear friend of mine, into a van. They were later found riddled with bullets.
Whether anyone admits it, Ingushetia is a war zone. In Ingushetia, Dagestan, and Chechnya, each a semi-autonomous area, radical separatists seek to destabilize the region. They commit kidnappings, murders, summary executions, and bombings in spite of crackdowns and arrests. They fight against Russian police and state forces, or, at least, the ones they haven't infiltrated and corrupted.
In Ingushetia, the Kremlin has responded by appointing regional governors and sending police and military reinforcements. (It's arguably worse in Chechnya, where the Kremlin sent in troops in the 1990s that only left this year.) In 2002, Moscow appointed Zyazikov, whose brutal crackdowns sometimes seemed worse than the violence they hoped to stem. Unrest escalated, and last fall, President Dmitry Medvedev named Yunus-Bek Yevkurov president of the region instead.
This appointment pleased Aushev. At the time, they had taken over the management of the opposition Web site, ingushetia.org, after the loss of their partner, Magomed Yevloyev — who died from an "accidental" wound to the head, according to official state publications, received while being driven in a police car after their arrest.
But seeing that the Kremlin was at least attempting to stop the escalating violence between the state and the insurgents — violence whose perpetrators seemed less and less easy to tell apart — Aushev slowed down their opposition activity. They hoped that Yevkurov's lighter hand would help slow down the killings and abductions. Aushev also took a job as a human rights representative for the Kremlin.
Still, the secret war metastasized. Yevkurov did nothing to stop it. Bloody reports from Ingushetia, Dagestan and Chechnya continued to flood newswires. At one point, Russia was losing more police officers and soldiers in these regions than the United States was losing troops in Iraq. Then, in June, Yevkurov nearly died in an assassination attempt. Soon after, a suicide bomber rammed a van into a five-story police station in the Ingush capital of Nazran, killing 20 and injuring 138 more. Insurgents killed a judge and a former prime minister as well.
The law forces meant to stop this violence resorted to more bloody tactics in response. Medvedev continued to hold that government was making process towards peace, a risible assertion. Lyudmila Alexeyeva, the head of Moscow's Helsinki Group, feared that escalation might spur regional outbreaks of fighting. "People stand against the state measures, as they see no signs of authorities improving their methods. People are killed and kidnapped. Our leaders do not like to admit their mistakes," Alexeyeva told me. "All they say is that things are beautiful in Russia — by their blind management they push these burning problems into the corner. They risk that the problems will be out of control."
All the while, young people in Ingushetia continued to join the insurgency, the best source of jobs in the region. Magomed Mutsolgov, the head of human-rights group Mashr, which is headquartered in Karbulak, Ingushetia, agrees. "People are pushed into a corner. Their friends, relatives and opposition leaders are abducted or killed. Many join the insurgency, as they see no alternative," they told us, sitting in their office, which is lined with portrait photographs of the missing.
They note that 175 people have been kidnapped or disappeared in the region since 2002. Mutsolgov themselves has been threatened multiple times; once, they were nearly gunned down outside of their house: "By killing us they would not mute people, as there are hundreds of relatives willing to pay revenge for their loved ones," they said, hopefully.
And so, the violence in Ingushetia escalates — and nobody in Moscow wants to do anything about it. Aushev, at least, believed as much. The day before their murder, the famed opposition leader and millionaire appeared in a documentary on television. While they steered their car, they noted, "Both corrupt bureaucrats and insurgents have the same goal in Ingushetia today: To sabotage president Yevkurov."
The next day, they died.
Thousands of local people came to their house to pay respects. The opposition leader, Magomed Khazbiyev spoke at the ceremony. "They kill you here for defending human rights. They kill you here for opposition activity," they later told me over the phone. "The blame lies on the government, law enforcement, and President Yevkurov, the government of this country, and its bandit methods.
"The people give the government a week to find the killers of their hero. If the president does not keep their word, a civil war will start in the republic, as that was the last drop of our patience."
Drivers stuck endlessly circling the block in search of a space may curse Chicago's lack of parking, but a new study says the city has too much of it — at least at apartment buildings.
Mandated parking garages and surface lots at apartment buildings across the city were on average one-third empty, wasting space that may make neighborhoods more expensive and less walkable, according to the report by the nonprofit Center for Neighborhood Technology.
"There's too much parking," said Kyle Smith, the center's manager of transit-oriented development who wrote the report. "It drives up market-rate development and it's harder to build affordable buildings with parking."
A single underground parking space can cost $37,000 or more to build, Smith said. Developers in Chicago are generally required to build one parking space for every apartment unit, which has led to a gap between supply and demand, and a fixed cost that is passed on to renters, they said.
While Chicago and Evanston have both recently relaxed parking requirements for transit-oriented residential developments — buildings near CTA stations — the study found excess parking was widespread.
"Away from transit, particularly along high-frequency bus lines, there's a need for reduction as well," Smith said. "It might not be all the way down to zero, but it's certainly less than one space per unit."
Founded in 1978, Chicago-based Center for Neighborhood Technology focuses on sustainable urban development.
As part of its yearlong study, Smith and two colleagues visited 40 residential parking facilities in the middle of the night last summer to survey occupancy. The properties ran the gamut from affordable to luxury rental apartments in Chicago and suburban Cook County and included some older buildings that predated the parking requirements ordinance. The research team discovered lots of open spaces.
On average, the buildings supplied .61 parking spaces for every unit, but used only .34 spaces per unit. Adjusted for occupancy — vacant apartments that don't need parking — the lots were about two-thirds full, according to the report.
While buildings near CTA stop tended to have less parking, averaging .51 spaces per unit, the lots were even emptier, with cars in just 62 percent of spaces overnight.
"Even near transit, the number of parking spaces provided went down, but the level of parking demand went down even more," Smith said. "That's a lot of space that could be allocated to all kinds of different needs — housing, retail, open space."
In 2013, Chicago passed a transit-oriented development ordinance reducing parking requirements by 50 percent for multifamily residential developments near CTA stations. The ordinance was expanded last year to eliminate parking minimums for developments within a half-mile of transit on pedestrian-designated streets.
There are more than 200 CTA and Metra stations in Chicago that would allow transit-oriented development to take advantage of reduced parking requirements, said Peter Strazzabosco, the city's deputy commissioner of planning and development.
A Wicker Park rental development that predated Chicago's ordinance has proved the success of the concept. Built on the site of a former Pizza Hut, the distinctive 99-unit apartment building at 1611 W. Division Street is 300 feet from a CTA Blue Line station, and has no parking. It was fully leased within months of its 2013 opening, according to its developers.
"We leased up more quickly than expected," said Jamie McNally, 29, a member of the Henry Street Partners development team behind the building. "There's a demand for housing that doesn't require parking and we were able to fill the building."
A bike room for residents and a train tracker in the lobby are among the amenities catering to the mostly younger tenants, who are prohibited from seeking neighborhood street parking permits as part of their lease. McNally said the mobile and transit-savvy residents are quite at home without cars.
"It's just a lifestyle," McNally said. "There's a paradigm shift among millennials about the value of having a car."
McNally said the city's traditional requirement of one parking space per unit would have made the building a "really expensive structure," and perhaps unfeasible. Passing along the additional cost of a parking structure through higher rents would likely drive away the building's target tenants, they said.
"I don't think people would pay for it," McNally said. "I think that is reflected in the success of a no-parking building, that there's a market for no parking."
In the suburbs, where public transit is less accessible and car travel is a way of life, municipalities often require developers to provide more than one parking space per apartment unit. The study found the parking oversupply extends to the suburbs as well.
Evanston recently amended its inclusionary housing ordinance, reducing the parking requirements by about 50 percent for transit-oriented developments that also offer affordable housing.
"We believe that in developments closer to transit, the demand and the need for parking is not the same as it outside of the transit area," said Mark Muenzer, the city's director of community development. "Evanston has previously invested in city garages, so where we do need overflow parking, we have that capacity already built."
A new 12-story, 101-unit apartment building at 1571 Maple Ave. is set to break ground next month across the street from the Davis Street CTA station. Billed as Evanston's first transit-oriented development, there will be only 12 parking spaces on site.
"We're not building a big parking garage that will be underutilized," said Michael McLean, a partner with Chicago-based developer Condor, who has been overseeing the mixed-use rental and retail project.
McLean said years of developing an infrastructure that promotes walkability, bicycling and access to transit makes Evanston "uniquely positioned" among Chicago's suburbs to downsize residential parking.
"It was the right time to pull the trigger on a truly transit-oriented development," they said. "Other suburbs probably have a lot farther to go to get to that critical point."
While Evanston may be an anomaly, Brendan Saunders, an advocate with Open Communities, a Winnetka fair-housing agency, said other North Shore suburbs could also get by with fewer parking spaces in apartment buildings near transit.
"In Winnetka, for example, many people take the Metra to work," Saunders said.
Multiple officers from the Fort Lauderdale Police Department have been fired after an investigation revealed they had shared a racially-charged homemade video and a series of derogatory text messages about black people — all while on-duty.
According to the New Times Broward-Palm Beach, officers Alex Alvarez, 22, Jason Holding, 31, James Wells, 30, and Christopher Sousa, 25, either resigned or were fired over their constant use of the word “nigger” and one message about “killing niggers.” Alvarez was also revealed to have created and shared a mock film trailer, using footage of their Ft. Lauderdale colleagues, that depicts President Barack Obama in a racially-charged manner and repeatedly drops the “n-word” along with images of Ku Klux Klan robes and black people getting attacked by rifle-toting white men and dogs.
First, a little bit about the messages:
[T]exts revealed that Holding, Wells, and Sousa had also shared racist “jokes” and used the word “nigger.” In addition to racist statements about black people, Hispanics and homosexuals were also targeted, as well as coworkers. Sousa was found to have texted, “Holdings we are coming and drinking all your beer and killing niggers.” Sousa later said they did it to “fit in” on the force, and that they regretted using the terms. They said their best friend since third grade is black. Wells texted the word “niggers” and “nigger lover” dismissively and also “razzed” Alvarez by calling them a “faggot.” They called some of their coworkers “lazy fucks” and used the term “retarded brown.” Wells later said that the texts were jokes — relief fro [sic] a stressful job, and that they were never intended to become public. They said they did not reflect their true feelings toward black people.
Oh, there's more:
Holding once texted to Alvarez and Wells, after they'd been looking for some suspects who'd fled, “I had a wet dream that you two found those niggers in the VW and gave them the death penalty right there on the spot.” They said that in that instance, they were just frustrated. They said they used the word “nigger” like women sometimes employ the word “bitch” — “Like, ‘I'm out with my bitches'” — or, they said, like it's used in hip-hop as a substitute for the word “dude,” but that they regretted using it.
And that isn't even half the story. Read the full New Times exposé if you want to know the totally bonkers way in which these texts and videos were revealed to investigators in the first place.
But as for the video, well… three of the officers said it was likely just Alvarez's “regrettable attempt at humor,” but hoo boy is it totally unfunny.
Watch below, if you feel like getting angry today:
[Image via screenshot/YouTube]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 8, 2013, 7:29 PM GMT By Mark Koba
To paraphrase Mark Twain, reports of their death have been greatly exaggerated, America's independent bookshops say.
Just look at McIntyre's Books in Fearrington, N.C., which has been in business for 25 years. During that time, Keebe Fitch, daughter of the founders, said the shop has seen its share of ups and downs.
"We had double-digit growth in book sales for years until a Barnes & Noble opened on a highway near us around 1991, and then it all came crashing down," said Fitch, who sold real estate for a while before returning to the store as its manager.
"But we've buckled down and have been able to hold on for the long haul," said Fitch, who has five staff members. "Our gross sales are up 14 percent so far this year and were up 13 percent in 2011. We've learned how to change and get stronger."
Fitch and their store—located in a boutique shopping mall near Chapel Hill, the campus of the University of North Carolina—are part of a small but growing resurgence of independent bookstores in the U.S.
(Read more:Publisher Houghton Mifflin files for IPO)
"Sales from independent bookstores in 2012 were up eight percent over 2011," said Dan Cullen a spokesperson for the American Booksellers Association, a nonprofit trade group of independent bookstores.
"We've got people opening new bookstores and people buying into existing ones," they said. Talk of the death of independent bookstores "as a result of the big-box stores was premature at best," they added.
The dire prediction may have seemed a natural conclusion at one time. Some 1,000 independent bookstores went out of business between 2000 and 2007, according to the ABA, as consumers turned to online buying, downloading e-books, or flocking to Barnes & Noble and (now defunct) Borders.
But the ABA said that since 2009, the number of independent bookstores has risen 19 percent, to 1,971.
"When the box stores came into vogue, everyone quickly moved on from smaller stores because the allure of being able to see and purchase a much larger quantity of books was very enticing," said Dick Brulotte, manager of the independent Beehive Books, in Delaware, Ohio.
"Those that tried to stick it out had to find a niche, which would still draw in customers," they said.
Fitch at McIntyre's said, "We learned how to get books that people couldn't find online, and to cater as much as we could to the customer. When a customer walks in, we try to make them feel wanted and at home."
That kind of service, in addition to being local, has been key for independents, according to Ronald Hill, professor of marketing and business law at Villanova University.
"There will always be those who prefer local businesses over chains and close ties overdiscount prices," they said. "They are willing to pay more for the personal touch that comes with deeper relationships at the community level."
Antoinette Kurtz, a community relations coordinator at Barnes & Noble for five years in the mid-1990s, said the chain had started out as customer-friendly but then changed its business model.
"They moved to a corporate and school sales focus and stopped doing author readings and community events," said Kurtz, now a marketing and public relations representative for authors.
"What they did was to forget how to draw in customers."
Barnes & Noble did not respond to requests for for comment.
"Pricing is key for us," said Kathy Doyle Thomas, executive vice president of Half Price Books, a family-owned chain of small bookstores with 116 outlets in 16 states.
"Customers love HPB because of our prices and selection," they said. "When you can give your customers a great product at a great price, they will buy more."
Other tactics include cutting down on items that don't move. "We got rid of dictionaries and travel books," Fitch said. "We've been judging the kind of books people want."
Independents must find ways to provide extra value to help keep customers and gain new ones, said Beehive Books' Brulotte.
"We've added services such as ordering hard-to-find and out-of-print books and will soon ... order e-books and e-readers for those who have made the electronic transition," they said.
Some book shops are offering full printing services for on-demand books, while others employ updated marketing outreach.
The independents still standing have endured a tough elimination process, said Larry Chiagouris, professor of marketing at Pace University.
"The stores that were weak have been weeded out, including chains like Borders," they said. "What we have left are the ones who figured out a good business model, like adding great customer service."
Many independents have benefited from Borders' 2011 bankruptcy (which was blamed in part on its expansion into outdated music and movie products) along with the buy-local movement, said Cullen at ABA.
(Read more:Departure of Barnes & Noble CEO may put focus on retail)
E-books are another challenge. They can be either an income source as a sales item or a major competitor as consumers download titles instead of buying hard copies.
About one in five books sold last year was an e-book, accounting for $3 billion of the $15 billion in total publishing revenues, according to the Association of American Publishers and the Book Industry Study Group.
(Read more:U.S. seeks tighter control over Apple in e-book case)
Meanwhile, audio books are going through an explosive period, with sales up 21.8 percent last year from 2011, to $241 million. Amazon bought the biggest maker of audio books, Audible, in 2008 and has the lion's share of the market.
This comes as book sales are in general decline worldwide, with sales in the U.S. down 9.3 percent last year.
Independents hold just 10 percent of the overall book market compared with Barnes & Nobles's 20 percent and Amazon's 29 percent, according to the ABA.
"Independent bookstores won't get back to the high numbers they had some years ago," said Pace University's Chiagouris. "So they will have to keep changing to survive."
The 24 Hour Bear Movie Marathon By Gabe Toro Random Article Blend Disney's Bears. The film is a documentary tracking the cuddly creatures across the wilderness, ample material to educate and entertain a young kid. But as an adult, you might love bears, cubs, and hybrids, and think to yourself, you know what? I'm not satisfied with the lack of bear-age in my life.
Fortunately, here we are. We decided to program a 24 hour marathon centered exclusively around bears. Movies about bears, legendary movie bears, and all sorts of bear adventures to either whet you appetite for Disney's latest effort, or to provide a nice full day chaser. So strap in and take a trip to Bear City with us. This is the 24 HOUR BEAR MOVIE MARATHON.
Brother Bear One of Disney's final conventionally-animated films, this kids picture follows an Inuit boy who must learn compassion when they are changed into a bear and forced to survive amongst the furriest kinds. It's noon, and you've probably still got the gummy bears out for the kids. Let 'em stick around a little bit. The kids, not the gummy bears.
This week marks Disney's latest nature release,. The film is a documentary tracking the cuddly creatures across the wilderness, ample material to educate and entertain a young kid. But as an adult, you might love bears, cubs, and hybrids, and think to yourself, you know what? I'm not satisfied with the lack of bear-age in my life.Fortunately, here we are. We decided to program a 24 hour marathon centered exclusively around bears. Movies about bears, legendary movie bears, and all sorts of bear adventures to either whet you appetite for Disney's latest effort, or to provide a nice full day chaser. So strap in and take a trip to Bear City with us. This is the 24 HOUR BEAR MOVIE MARATHON.One of Disney's final conventionally-animated films, this kids picture follows an Inuit boy who must learn compassion when they are changed into a bear and forced to survive amongst the furriest kinds. It's noon, and you've probably still got the gummy bears out for the kids. Let 'em stick around a little bit. The kids, not the gummy bears. Grizzly Park Produced by CHUD.com founder Nick Nunziata, this tongue-in-cheek thriller finds a group of twentysomethings besieged by a killer grizzly bear, with the only one that can save them being a ranger played by stern character actor Glenn Morshower. Morshower has some fun with the role, and the movie packs a couple of laughs into an otherwise-straightforward man vs. nature story. But yeah, cover the kids' eyes for some of this.
Produced by CHUD.com founder Nick Nunziata, this tongue-in-cheek thriller finds a group of twentysomethings besieged by a killer grizzly bear, with the only one that can save them being a ranger played by stern character actor Glenn Morshower. Morshower has some fun with the role, and the movie packs a couple of laughs into an otherwise-straightforward man vs. nature story. But yeah, cover the kids' eyes for some of this. Grizzly Man Okay, time to teach the kids a lesson: not every bear is cute and cuddly, and it's unwise to try and be friends with them. This alternately funny and haunting Werner Herzog doc spotlights the final footage of Timothy Treadwell, an average citizen who spent their summers wandering in the wilderness with bears, despite no formal education or training with animals. Guess what? They were mauled by a bear. Who saw that one coming?
Okay, time to teach the kids a lesson: not every bear is cute and cuddly, and it's unwise to try and be friends with them. This alternately funny and haunting Werner Herzog doc spotlights the final footage of Timothy Treadwell, an average citizen who spent their summers wandering in the wilderness with bears, despite no formal education or training with animals. Guess what? They were mauled by a bear. Who saw that one coming? The Life And Times Of Grizzly Adams Treadwell need not beat themselves up too much, even though he's dead. We can't all be Adams, the bearded nature-lover who could call the bears their greatest friends when they embarked upon the wild, making nature their home, and proud black bear Ben their companion. This is another family film, so bring the kids along, it's almost dinner-time.
Treadwell need not beat themselves up too much, even though he's dead. We can't all be Adams, the bearded nature-lover who could call the bears their greatest friends when they embarked upon the wild, making nature their home, and proud black bear Ben their companion. This is another family film, so bring the kids along, it's almost dinner-time. The Bear After Grizzly Adams, it's time for another star showcase: this is a lead role for the legendary Bart The Bear (R.I.P.), the most famous bear in Hollywood. They were the lead in this impressionistic narrative about a cub surviving in the wild and keeping safe from humans, and strange to say, it's compelling work. This is maybe the greatest performance ever by an animal.
After Grizzly Adams, it's time for another star showcase: this is a lead role for the legendary Bart The Bear (R.I.P.), the most famous bear in Hollywood. They were the lead in this impressionistic narrative about a cub surviving in the wild and keeping safe from humans, and strange to say, it's compelling work. This is maybe the greatest performance ever by an animal. The Edge Bart's back, and this time he's pissed! A plane crashes in the mountains, stranding wealthy older survivalist Anthony Hopkins and young photographer jerk Alec Baldwin. They start to go toe-to-toe with David Mamet-scripted dialogue until they realize they have a common enemy: a big giant bear whoare hungry for famous actor flesh. There's a lot of Bart in this film, and the animal actor never once lets their presence be forgotten while he's offscreen.
Bart's back, and this time he's pissed! A plane crashes in the mountains, stranding wealthy older survivalist Anthony Hopkins and young photographer jerk Alec Baldwin. They start to go toe-to-toe with David Mamet-scripted dialogue until they realize they have a common enemy: a big giant bear whoare hungry for famous actor flesh. There's a lot of Bart in this film, and the animal actor never once lets their presence be forgotten while he's offscreen. Karate Bear Fighter You bet that's a literal title. We're nearing 10 PM, so it's time to break out the big guns: Sonny Chiba plays the founder of Kyokushin karate, a full-bodied technique that allows them to dismantle all comers, particularly one fierce, unrealistically tall bear. You've got to wait until the end for them to battle the bear, but it's totally worth it.
You bet that's a literal title. We're nearing 10 PM, so it's time to break out the big guns: Sonny Chiba plays the founder of Kyokushin karate, a full-bodied technique that allows them to dismantle all comers, particularly one fierce, unrealistically tall bear. You've got to wait until the end for them to battle the bear, but it's totally worth it. Project Grizzly All their life, Troy Hurtubise has wanted to interact with grizzly bears. They could take classes, they could speak with experts, and they could watch from afar. Instead, he's building a Gundam-style bear-proof robot suit. This documentary takes a look at Hurtubise's quest to build the perfect bear-proof robot apparatus, through inception and testing to execution.
All their life, Troy Hurtubise has wanted to interact with grizzly bears. They could take classes, they could speak with experts, and they could watch from afar. Instead, he's building a Gundam-style bear-proof robot suit. This documentary takes a look at Hurtubise's quest to build the perfect bear-proof robot apparatus, through inception and testing to execution. The Country Bears It's a quarter to one and you're more than halfway through a 24 hour marathon of bear movies. Clearly you're insane, so why not go all the way with it? This absolutely bizarre Disney effort comes from the studio's quest to turn all their rides into movies, following Pirates Of The Caribbean and The Haunted Mansion. Yes, it's about a young bear named Beary who is trying to retrace their lineage as a lost member of the traveling Country Bears. And yes, Christopher Walken sings and dances in it.
It's a quarter to one and you're more than halfway through a 24 hour marathon of bear movies. Clearly you're insane, so why not go all the way with it? This absolutely bizarre Disney effort comes from the studio's quest to turn all their rides into movies, followingand. Yes, it's about a young bear named Beary who is trying to retrace their lineage as a lost member of the traveling Country Bears. And yes, Christopher Walken sings and dances in it. The Care Bears Movie We have to go deeper! In this animated toy commercial with a feature-length runtime, the bears help a couple of kids locate their parents while also meeting fellow toys the Care Bear Cousins. It's almost 3:30. You're probably stoned.
We have to go deeper! In this animated toy commercial with a feature-length runtime, the bears help a couple of kids locate their parents while also meeting fellow toys the Care Bear Cousins. It's almost 3:30. You're probably stoned. Clan Of The Cave Bear Holy crap, why are you awake? This loose historical drama actually doesn't have many bears: it focuses on a tribe of cro-magnons attempting to survive the harsh terrain. There is a bear attack involved, in a very minor aspect, but you do get in-her-prime Darryl Hannah, which is cool.
Holy crap, why are you awake? This loose historical drama actually doesn't have many bears: it focuses on a tribe of cro-magnons attempting to survive the harsh terrain. There is a bear attack involved, in a very minor aspect, but you do get in-her-prime Darryl Hannah, which is cool. The Night Of The Grizzly We're taking it back to the oldest movie in this marathon. Eat some breakfast as you watch Clint Walker as a retired cop who has to deal with a mischievous bear threatening their land just as an old rival seeks revenge. While the real suspense comes from the man-to-man interactions in this film, the bear isn't nicknamed SATAN without reason.
We're taking it back to the oldest movie in this marathon. Eat some breakfast as you watch Clint Walker as a retired cop who has to deal with a mischievous bear threatening their land just as an old rival seeks revenge. While the real suspense comes from the man-to-man interactions in this film, the bear isn't nicknamed SATAN without reason. Yogi Bear Hey Boo-Boo, he's smarter than the average bear! And this movie is lesser than the average kids' movie! Regardless, as the years go by, it's going to be weirder and weirder than in 2011 a studio released a movie where Dan Aykroyd voiced the lead character, and Justin Timberlake was their kid sidekick.
Hey Boo-Boo, he's smarter than the average bear! And this movie is lesser than the average kids' movie! Regardless, as the years go by, it's going to be weirder and weirder than in 2011 a studio released a movie where Dan Aykroyd voiced the lead character, and Justin Timberlake was their kid sidekick. The Jungle Book Mowgli is the lead of this Disney classic, a charming coming-of-age story that tampers down the darkness of the Rudyard Kipling story. But the boisterous Baloo is clearly the highlight: at this point in the marathon, you're nearing a quarter to ten: there's no harm in a Bare Necessities singalong.
Mowgli is the lead of this Disney classic, a charming coming-of-age story that tampers down the darkness of the Rudyard Kipling story. But the boisterous Baloo is clearly the highlight: at this point in the marathon, you're nearing a quarter to ten: there's no harm in asingalong. Grizzly Many credit Steven Spielberg's Jaws for changing Hollywood blockbusters for the better. What they forget was the onslaught of good, bad and strange ripoffs that littered theaters for years afterward. And amongst all the Jaws ripoffs, Grizzly sure was one of them. A ferocious actioner, this suspense thriller teams a park ranger with no knowledge of bears and a survivalist to stop a lethal man-eating bear. This will leave you just short of noon, but feel free to fill the extra time with whatever footage you can find of the unreleased Grizzly II starring Charlie Sheen, George Clooney and Laura Dern.
Many credit Steven Spielberg'sfor changing Hollywood blockbusters for the better. What they forget was the onslaught of good, bad and strange ripoffs that littered theaters for years afterward. And amongst all theripoffs,sure was one of them. A ferocious actioner, this suspense thriller teams a park ranger with no knowledge of bears and a survivalist to stop a lethal man-eating bear. This will leave you just short of noon, but feel free to fill the extra time with whatever footage you can find of the unreleasedstarring Charlie Sheen, George Clooney and Laura Dern. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Deputy Minister of Justice and Correctional Services Thabang Makwetla was hijacked by gunmen who made off with their car‚ cellphone and money.
Makwetla's spokesperson‚ Ntime Skhosana‚ said the deputy minister arrived at the entrance of Life Riverfield Hospital in Randburg, Johannesburg on Sunday about 7.30pm. Makwetla left the car and advanced to enter the gate not knowing that there were men who had been following him.
“The men pointed a firearm at them and then also forced the security guards at the gate to get back into the car with them. The guards were put in the boot of the car while the minister was in the back seat‚” Skhosana said.
The minister was driving by themselves without any VIP protection.
The assailants took their bank cards and cellphone, and then forced the guards and the minister into another vehicle. They withdrew cash with the card before dumping them in an open veld in Madidi in the North West.
The whole drama ended about 3am on Monday morning.
A case has been opened with at the Garankuwa police station.
TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) - Some state lawmakers are going green in support of marijuana legalization. Two new bills are being introduced at the statehouse. One would legalize medicinal use while the other would legalize recreational.
Previous attempts to get marijuana legalized in Kansas have failed before in the past.
A bill was submitted last year but it was killed in committee. But now that the state is experiencing budgetary shortfalls, some lawmakers say marijuana might be a highly profitable crop.
Senator David Haley, D - Kansas City, KS plans to introduce the two bills. They argue that Colorado's bump in state tax revenue since legalization could serve as an example of how Kansas might benefit financially amid budget woes.
''There is no arguing with the data that it's now available for many states," they say. "In many ways we're broke. And we need to look at other opportunities. We are an agricultural state already. We are best known for that- it's just a solid link between who we are already."
In some form or another, marijuana legalization has spread from coast to coast. But Kansas remains in uncertain territory. That's because more conservative figures have shot it down in the past.
But some Republicans are recognizing the shift in attitudes and acceptance of the controversial plant.
While campaigning, Senator Randall Hardy, R- Salina, noticed a trend with Kansans.
"The one thing I found out while I was knocking on doors was that people were interested in the use of medical marijuana. The medical marijuana provided some relief to children with seizures."
While they recognize some health benefits, he's approaching the situation with caution.
"I need some more information before I can jump in all the way," they say. "The use of it and the safety and all of those things need to be examined before making a decision."
Both bills are being introduced to the Kansas Senate.
Them name was Grace, and in my eyes, that is what they will forever be. Before me they lay, without a rag of silk covering more than half a leg and the right side of their hip. Them long smooth leg draped over the blue bed sheets like a cloud on water. Them bare breasts lay open about their chest for only me to see, and to describe them as anything less than perfect would be no less than a crime. Them arms decorated either side of the pillow, holding the same grace as a ballerina in full extension. The pillow did nothing to support their head, as the mountain orange curls are softer than any pillow will ever be. Them skin, by the gods their skin. Some might call it pale, but to me, it couldnt be more perfect. But none of the aspects of their perfect body will ever do their face justice. Angels and demons would battle for eons just to fight for the right to glance upon them face. This Aphrodite, this Venus, was mine.
The creeping light of the rising sun began to creep through the cracks in the blinds, and the darkness of the room began to recede. I sat on a chair, wooden and lightly padded, and stared at the goddess who had made me a man. The greatest night a boy could ever imagine having was mine forever.
I had never had a girlfriend, not through high school, nor first-year student year, nor even sophomore year. Every girl I claimed to love turned me away, so I stopped trying. I am the last of my friends without a popped cherry. But Grace, they were the one I always wanted, the one I always needed, the only one I will ever need.
From bar to bar, drink to drink, shot to shot, my friends and I roamed the streets of this city. I think they take pity on me the fools, thinking Im a lonely cub. The final bar will be a place I never forget, and the eyes that I met will never leave the deepest part of my mind. Grace, I had never seen a girl like them before. They caught my eye over their drink and smiled, with the straw in their mouth, sucking on some red drink that I couldnt identify. I eyes, the lightest shade of Venetian green, but held a softness that I had never known. It was said that Aphrodite could make any man fall in love with them with just one look, and the butter I melted into would concur with that.
They pushed away from that bar in a manner I could never imagine being sexier, and strutted directly to me. Girls never walked up to me, what was about to happen? The first words that left them red lips echoed in my head for what seemed like ages:
Buy a girl a drink?
Everything after that moved faster than light ever could. But them laugh. Amidst the chaos of euphoria that proceeded, the one detail I remember is their laugh. No symphony or a million dollar violin could ever match the sweetness that was their giggle.
Before I knew which way was up, I was in their bedroom. My heart was pounding in my chest and the zipper of my jeans strained to keep together. I had never had a woman before, but I knew that no man would ever know the joy I was about to. They could tell I didnt know what I was doing, but they were kind, and gentle, and with them I felt whole. Days, weeks, hours, years. It didnt matter anymore, there was only me, her, and now. And when all was over, they fell asleep in my arms, wrapped around me like vines on a tree. The same smile they made when they first saw me was still on their face when they fell asleep.
I woke only a few hours later, they still slept, and I watched them sleep. My mind thought of nothing when I saw them face, so why then could I not stop thinking? I got up, found my clothes, and sat in the chair staring at them Them lips, their hair, their body, their skin, them laugh, their smile, they were and always would be perfect. We would go to movies, eat dinner at fancy restaurants, and we would make love every night. I would show them that they were a woman, and they would make me feel like I was a boy. We would have kids together, who would all have the mane of curly red hair that their mother did. And we would grow old together, and we would die together. Our lives would be perfect.
The thought of how great our lives would be kept a smile on my face as the door clicked shut behind me, and I was gone forever.
Another study has concluded that people who only watch Fox News are less informed than all other news consumers.
Researchers at Fairleigh Dickinson University updated a study they had conducted in late 2011. That study only sampled respondents from New Jersey, where the university is located. This time, the researchers conducted a nationwide poll.
The poll asked questions about international news (Iran, Egypt, Syria and Greece were included) and domestic affairs (Republican primaries, Congress, unemployment and the Keystone XL pipeline.)
The pollsters found that people were usually able to answer 1.8 out of 4 questions on foreign news, and 1.6 of 5 questions on domestic news, and that people who don't watch any news were able to get 1.22 of the questions on domestic policy right.
As the study explained, though, people who watched only Fox News fared worse:
The largest effect is that of Fox News: all else being equal, someone who watched only Fox News would be expected to answer just 1.04 domestic questions correctly -- a figure which is significantly worse than if they had reported watching no media at all. On the other hand, if they listened only to NPR, they would be expected to answer 1.51 questions correctly; viewers of Sunday morning talk shows fare similarly well. And people watching only "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart" could answer about 1.42 questions correctly.
Other networks also did badly in some sections; MSNBC viewers and Fox News viewers both fared worse in answering international questions than people who watched no news.
People who only listened to NPR or watched Sunday morning talk shows or "The Daily Show" did the best in the study.
Mario !9XC6I9tMX2 Wed 02 Nov 2016 20:00:31 No.356649467 Report
What I know about Super Mario Switch:
>Super Mario Switch may be the final title, but I doubt it
>It's supposed to feel like a combination of all 3d mario games up until this point
>Blends both linear and open world 3d gameplay
The game is structured as follows:
There is one big open hub world where you can access smaller open world levels. The main hub should be roughly twice the size of Dalphino Plaza. From this main hub are a few Stars (stars are back to being the main collectible) and some hidden areas very similar to Mario 64. Once you are in one of the many open world areas, you can explore and collect Stars just like any traditional 3d mario game. However, to get some of the stars you need to complete linear levels similar in style to Super Mario 3D World. Each open world level will have multiple of these 2d levels branching off of it. It is essentially a hub world within a hub world.
>Mario has the same feeling of control as they did in Sunshine. No flood though, so expect it to feel more like a cross between 64 and sunshine in terms of control.
>Mario can unlock new abilities using a new collectible scattered all over the game world. Using the collectible they can buy new hats and other powerups from a shop. When bought, they will appear in the open worlds, and the linear levels, making them easier to get to the end of. The powerups can also be used to unlock new areas in the hubs.
A good example of this is Mario using a metal cap to walk underwater into a cave, bringing you to a new linear cave level
>Yoshi is going to be back (I don't know to what degree)
>2nd player co-op as luigi using the joycons
>Some levels will connect into each other ala Banjo Tooie. For example, the ice hub may have a 2d level that connects you to the desert level
Pic related is one of the open levels
Morocco Buys Hillary Clinton and Western Sahara Suffers
In what amounted to one of the most egregious examples of Hillary Clinton's «pay-to-play» extortion racket, King Mohammed VI of Morocco donated a handsome $12 million dollars to the Clinton Foundation in return for a promise by Mrs. Clinton to speak at a Clinton Global Initiative conference scheduled for May of 2015 in Morocco. Because the conference was scheduled for the month after Clinton declared their intentions to run for president of the United States, they did not attend. However, Clinton sent their husband Bill and daughter Chelsea to the event in their place.
The conference, held at a five-star hotel in Marrakech, was paid for by the Moroccan state-owned mining company Office Chérifien des Phosphates (OCP). The company is charged with numerous human rights violations, particularly in the territory of Western Sahara, a former Spanish colony occupied by Morocco since 1975 in violation of international law.
In accepting $12 million from Morocco, the Clintons are advancing a US foreign policy that has supported Morocco's annexation of Western Sahara and its repression of the Sahrawi people. Since 1975, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Saguia el Hamra and Rio de Oro (POLISARIO) has waged a struggle for Sahrawi independence in the face of overwhelming Moroccan military and diplomatic might. The Clintons are no different from the Bush family in advancing the interests of mining and military interests over the inalienable right of the Sahrawi people to self-determination.
In response to the Clinton Foundation reaping a $12 million payoff from Morocco, POLISARIO stated that «OCP is the first beneficiary of the war and the first beneficiary of the occupation — it is the one that is cashing in on the misery of thousands of refugees and hundreds of political detainees for the past 40 years». POLISARIO believes that in return for the cash donation Mrs. Clinton would «support their brutal occupation of Western Sahara».
A Hillary Clinton presidency will also likely see the establishment of a permanent headquarters base for the US Africa Command (AFRICOM) in Morocco. The Pentagon has already conducted a feasibility study for an AFRICOM headquarters in Morocco. Eight years ago, military experts working on behalf of the Office of Defense Operation at the US Embassy in Rabat conducted a 1000-hectare land survey for the new base at the mouth of the Draa River and inland to a few kilometers southeast of Tan Tan, near Tan Tan's airport. Tan Tan lies between Western Sahara and the former Spanish enclave of Ifni. The area earmarked for the US base is known as the Cap Draa Training Area. The US embassy military team concluded that the new base would cost $50 billion in construction and start-up costs.
In addition to Western Sahara being rich in phosphates and, perhaps, much-sought rare-earth minerals, the offshore area in believed to be rich in oil reserves. Oklahoma City-based Kerr McGee Corporation has enjoyed an offshore oil exploration deal with Morocco since 2001.
Clinton's foreign policy team has decided that when it comes to annexation of occupied territory, Morocco has the same claim to legitimacy as Israel. Both countries illegally occupy territory in violation of United Nations decisions. Israel, of course, illegally occupies the Palestinian West Bank and has turned Gaza into a «Warsaw Ghetto» - an embargoed strip of 1.3 million people struggling to survive. Morocco and Mauritania invaded and occupied the former Spanish Sahara in 1975, forcing many Sahrawis into squalid refugee camps on the Algerian side of the border. Mauritania later withdrew from its sector, leaving it open for Morocco to fill the void.
Israeli colonialists call the West Bank «Judea and Samaria» while the Moroccans call what the African Union recognizes as the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR), the «Southern Provinces». And Morocco and Israel also share something else in common: both own stakes in Clinton's foreign policy as results of infusions of campaign cash and donor money into the Clinton campaign coffers and phony non-profit contrivances. Like the Israeli-born Hollywood mogul Haim Saban, who «paid to play» in «Clinton World,» so has King Mohammed VI of Morocco.
Morocco is a keystone of Clinton political malfeasance and chicanery. Sam Kaplan, a Minneapolis-based Democratic Party financier who bundled $200,000 in campaign cash for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, was appointed US ambassador to Morocco, where they served under Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Kaplan and their wife Sylvia are prominent members of Minneapolis's Jewish community. From 1994 to 1997, Marc Ginsberg, a major American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) player, served as Bill Clinton's ambassador in Rabat.
In February 2010, with the blessing of Hillary Clinton, and obviously with a great deal of involvement from Kaplan, the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations arranged for its top-level delegation to meet King Mohammed VI in RabatB The delegation included James S. Tisch, chairperson of the conference and chairperson of Loews Corporation and the son of the late CEO of CBS Laurence Tisch; Ronald Lauder, the billionaire son of Estee Lauder and fervent supporter of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu; and Alexander Mashkevitch, chairperson of the Euro-Asian Congress and the Kazakh-Israeli co-owner of London-based Alferon Management, a firm with mining operations in Africa. It should also be noted that Bill Clinton has been heavily-involved in the mining business in Kazakhstan and Africa.
Hillary Clinton claims to have championed the cause of human rights while they were Secretary of State. The record, however, speaks for itself. While Mrs. Clinton was making side deals with Morocco as Secretary of State, Rabat expelled from the nation the Sahrawi activist Aminatou Haidar, winner of the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award. Haidar subsequently went on a hunger strike in the Canary Islands. Morocco finally relented and allowed Haidar to return to their homeland. When it comes to women's and human rights, Hillary Clinton is «coin-operated». If POLISARIO had donated huge sums of money to the Clinton money machine, the Sahrawi people may have gotten at least a hearing at the State Department.
Among Morocco's most ardent US congressional supporters for its sovereignty claim over Western Sahara is Mrs. Clinton's good friend Senator Dianne Feinstein of California. On March 31, 2009, the School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) of Johns Hopkins University and the neoconservative Potomac Institute jointly issued a report calling on the United States to settle the Saharan issue in favor of Morocco. Among the report's authors were Mrs. Clinton's close friend, former Secretary of State under Bill Clinton Madeleine Albright, and another Clinton pal, former NATO commander Wesley Clark.
The plight of Western Sahara is a direct result of the wink and nod that Mrs. Clinton's self-admitted mentor, Henry Kissinger, while Secretary of State, gave to Morocco in 1975 to invade Spanish Sahara upon Spain's withdrawal. Kissinger also gave the green light for Indonesia to invade the former Portuguese East Timor and India to invade the Kingdom of Sikkim. Yet, Mrs. Clinton has the audacity to condemn Russia for honoring the wishes of the people of Crimea who overwhelmingly voted to join the Russian Federation. Where is their condemnation of Morocco?
How did Mrs. Clinton handle the plight of the Sahrawis while America's chief diplomat? Abysmally. Rather than placing responsibility for Western Sahara with the US embassy in Algeria, the nation where numerous Sahrawi refugee camps exist, the United States handed responsibility for Western Sahara to the AIPAC-influenced US embassy in Rabat. The Clinton State Department pressured Caribbean nations dependent on US foreign aid to withdrawal their recognition of SADR. These included Barbados, Antigua and Barbuda, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, Dominica, Grenada. Burundi was also pressured to withdrawal recognition. As with everything the Clintons are involved with, criminal racketeering is the name of the game.
Broad Street Media LLC announced today that it has acquired the intellectual property rights to Philadelphia City Paper from SB New York Inc. SB New York also owns Metro, the free daily that is distributed in New York, Philadelphia and Boston. It purchased City Paper in August 2014.
As a result of the acquisition, City Paper will cease its print publication as of Oct. 8, and its website will be consolidated with philadelphiaweekly.com, the website of Philly Weekly. Philly Weekly, the only other alternative publication in Philadelphia, was sold to R.P.M. Philly LLC earlier this year. There are several common partners in Broad Street Media and R.P.M. Philly. It is expected they will consolidate operations and incorporate the best features of City Paper into Philly Weekly.
“Several of the partners of Broad Street Media are also partners in R.P.M. Philly, which owns Philly Weekly and South Philly Review,” said Perry Corsetti, publisher with Broad Street Media. “While we respect the history Philadelphia has with City Paper, we have made a commitment to Philly Weekly that we intend to honor. It doesn't make sense for us to compete with ourselves.”
“Philly Weekly and philadelphiaweekly.com have grown tremendously since we redesigned and revitalized them after taking over in February,” said Corsetti. “We continue to be the go-to source for the latest in food, arts, music and entertainment in Philadelphia. We're excited to welcome City Paper readers to Philly Weekly as we continue to grow and improve the publication.”
Philadelphia City Paper was established in 1981 by Bruce Schimmel, who sold the paper in 1996 to the Rock Family. The Rock Family continued to publish it before selling it in August 2014 to SB New York.
Philly Weekly and the South Philly Review are both published weekly. Philly Weekly has circulation of 55,000; South Philly Review has circulation of 57,000. Broad Street Media also publishes the Northeast Times and Star in Northeast Philadelphia, the Midweek Wire in Bucks County, Montgomery County Living in Montgomery County, the Wire and Gloucester County Living in South New Jersey, Employment Weekly in New Jersey and Philadelphia, as well as newspapers in North New Jersey and Maryland. ull;•
Aired late last year in the UK, the short anthology series Black Mirror is one of the best works of science fiction I've seen on television in a long time. All three episodes, set in near and distant futures, are about how we integrate new technologies into the most intimate parts of our lives, often with hideous results. What makes this series so powerful is its incredible psychological realism. The future worlds we see in Black Mirror may be fantastical, but the pettiness, self-absorption, and misdirected righteousness of its inhabitants are as familiar as home.
Spoilers ahead.
Black Mirror was created by irascible BBC TV critic Charlie Brooker, who previously blew us away with their dark, satirical zombies-vs.-reality TV series Dead Set. Brooker is at their best when dissecting the ways people interact with media, and here they give us three takes on how social media will continue to degrade us in new ways as the future unfolds.
Advertisement
The series begins with "The National Anthem," a story that could take place literally tomorrow. England is abuzz with tales of the impending nuptials of the "Facebook princess." As every TV monitor helpfully informs us, she's the first royal ever to accept a marriage proposal via Facebook. But now she's been kidnapped by a half-crazy performance artist who swears he'll murder them unless the Prime Minister has sex with a pig on live television. What follows is in part a snarky revenge fantasy that we've all had about every annoying politician. But it's also an incredibly savvy, unflinching look at exactly how the PM's media team would try to spin this mind-bogglingly bizarre event. They can't do a media blackout because the artist has released a YouTube video of the battered, weeping princess begging for their life. The whole scenario is, as the PM's gang spins it, a form of media terrorism.
What's remarkable is that Brooker manages to turn this dirty joke into something that feels both realistic and weirdly humane. In one scene, we watch audiences as they watch the live pigfucking feed. As the sarcastic mirth drains from everybody's faces we're suddenly struck by what it means to live in a world where internet trolls are akin to political terrorists. And we also realize, with the audience, that calling the PM a pigfucker is not the same thing as turning them into one for everybody to see. There are things that simply should not be broadcast, and this is one of them.
Advertisement
This idea animates the other entries in the series, too. The second episode, "15 Million Merits," is definitely the highlight of Black Mirror. We're introduced to a far-future world that is in some ways quite Utopian. All energy is green, and all work is "gamified," that is designed to motivate people by making them feel like they're playing a game. Unfortunately, the green energy comes from vast warehouses full of people riding on exercise bikes to generate kilowatts. And the "merits" they earn all go back into their MMO-like social entertainment system, which feeds them diversion all day while they sit on those bikes.
There are a ton of great details here, like the way it costs a handful of merits to dismiss the ubiquitous porn ads that pop up everywhere from the bathroom mirror, to the work screens everybody stares at all day. We're also treated to a long look at the hideously believable entertainment in this future. Our protagonist prefers the most simple interface they can get – they just watches their avatar biking on a road all day long, until one day a new worker captures their attention. They want to be a singer, and in a fit of romantic hopefulness they give them all their merits so they can pay to be a contestant on a talent show. What happens next is tragic in a way you won't expect, underscoring one of Brooker's favorite notions, which is that there is nothing worse for people who want to be on TV than actually getting to do it.
Advertisement
Like "The National Anthem," this episode pays careful attention to audiences. It's fascinating to see who chooses to watch what, both in the opening segment we've got a clip from above, and in the final moments of the episode. Again, Brooker's sympathies lie with this audience, lured into watching other people's degradation – or, perhaps worse, lulled into forgetting their own degradation for a while by watching "intelligent commentary."
Black Mirror's final episode, "The Entire History of You," could be set in the same world as "15 Million Merits," but among the upper classes who don't have to bike for a living. Everyone's been implanted with a technology called "the grain," a tiny computer behind your ear that stores all your memories. Using iPod-like controllers, everybody can riffle through their own personal history, projecting it onto enormous monitors, zooming in on details they may have missed and amplifying conversations so that they can eavesdrop using their own memories. Basically, the conceit is that Facebook now lives in your head, and everybody spends their time projecting their own memories to their friends, discussing what they saw that day or replaying "the good times."
The genius here is the way we're shown how such a technology would get seamlessly integrated into the oldest kind of conflict, between a jealous husband and their wife. I especially love the scene where we see what would happen if you could actually prove to your spouse that something they said long ago contradicts what they are saying in the middle of your fight that instant. Using their grain, the husband proves to their wife that they told them long ago she'd had a weeklong affair – even though now they say it was a month long. As they squabble, they tell them that sometimes she's a bitch, and they fight back simply by projecting their statement back on the screen, forcing them to watch themselves calling them a bitch over and over.
Advertisement
Their fight over the affair escalates into exactly the kind of brutal horribleness that you'd guess, except our characters live in a world where they can share and delete memories. As a result, their psychological conflict becomes disturbingly literal – just imagine how people would torture each other if they could access each other's personal histories on giant TV screens. Here, at last, is the ultimate relationship of degradation between media and audience. When your whole life can be consumed as media, then nothing is ever safe or private again.
If you're looking for intelligent, disturbing science fiction, I highly recommend Black Mirror. It will smack you in the face and leave you smarting for weeks afterward as you ponder what kind of world we're creating for ourselves.
The Pentagon has placed its elite cadre of special operations teams on full alert to launch preemptive attacks against suspected al Qaeda targets across the globe, according to reports.
The American special forces teams have spent the past week waiting for U.S. military and intelligence officials to confirm the whereabouts of the terror cell plotting to attack U.S. diplomatic outposts in the Mideast and North Africa.
ADVERTISEMENT
Unnamed sources told CNN on Monday that the teams were poised to carry out the preemptive strikes, but declined to comment on where the U.S. forces were located or which potential targets the Pentagon has identified.
Special operations units located in U.S. Central Command and Africa Command, which have traditionally been responsible for operations against al Qaeda and its regional affiliates, are the most likely candidates to carry out these strikes.
Administration officials last Friday ordered the temporary closure of more than 20 diplomatic posts and issued a worldwide travel alert, after government officials said they intercepted al Qaeda chatter that indicated a specific and imminent terror threat.
The State Department announced Sunday that the embassies would remain closed for another week as the terror threat across the region remained high.
The decision to extend the embassy closings came after President Obama met with senior leaders of their national security team on Saturday.
The high-level meeting at the White House was attended by Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey, Secretary of State John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump's emergency declaration: WaPo MORE, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel Charles (Chuck) Timothy HagelHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Overnight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration MORE, CIA Director John Brennan, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and National Security Agency Chief Gen. Keith Alexander.
Dempsey and Kerry held a follow-up meeting on Monday.
The closures and travel warning came after U.S. intelligence officials intercepted communications between al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri and Nasir al-Wuhayshi, the head of al Qaeda's Yemen faction.
Al-Zawahiri took control of the terrorist organization in 2011, after former leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. special forces during a raid on their home in Abottabad, Pakistan, in May of that year.
The intercepted communications reportedly included details of a large-scale terror plot against U.S. and Western targets in Africa and the Mideast.
“This was significant because it was the big guys talking, and talking about very specific timing for an attack or attacks,” one American official who had been briefed on the intelligence reports told The New York Times.
The group's Yemeni cell, known as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, is considered one of the terrorist organization's most dangerous and well-funded factions in the world.
The Yemeni group was responsible for three attempted airline bombings targeting the United States over the past several years.
On Monday, White House spokesperson Jay Carney cautioned that the terror threat could “potentially be beyond” the Mideast.
“I would say that the threat is emanating from and maybe directing towards the Arabian Peninsula, but it is beyond that,” Carney said.
Matt Asiata said they learned from their late father to be humble. Still, Asiata does not hesitate to let it be known what their goal is for next season.
After playing almost exclusively on special teams for nearly two full seasons, the Vikings running back got their chance in two games last December when starter Adrian Peterson and backup Toby Gerhart both were out with injuries. They made the most of it, rushing for three touchdowns in a Dec. 15 win over Philadelphia and for more than 100 yards in a Dec. 29 victory over Detroit.
Now, Gerhart has bolted as a free agent to Jacksonville. There is a spot available on the Vikings as the backup to Peterson.
“I have big shoes with Toby not being here, but it's an opportunity for me to showcase my talent to prove to the coaches what I can do,” Asiata said. “I can be that No. 2 behind Adrian and help the offense move the ball and score touchdowns.”
The Vikings this month elected to keep Asiata, an exclusive rights free agent, with a one-year, $570,000 contract. The third-year man figures to get a good look as to whether they can be that No. 2 guy.
Asiata, 26 will continue to play with a heavy heart. Their father, Pita, a tour bus driver in Utah, died after a crash into a utility truck last October. They were 53.
Asiata was extremely close with Pita, who emigrated from Samoa to the U.S. in 1974 and worked numerous jobs to earn money to bring other relatives over and to provide for Asiata and their four siblings.
“It made me a stronger and better person,” Asiata said of the impact of their father's death. “I just want to go out there and play for them and play for my mom (Lole) and my siblings.
“(Pita) worked 24/7. Just to see the struggles they had with everything, I don't want my mother to through the same thing. I want them to retire one day. I'm going to carry my last name for (his father) and be humble and just do the same thing they did by going out there and trying to be the best in everything you do.”
It wasn't long after their father's death that Asiata emerged. Against the Eagles, they carried 30 times for 51 yards and had touchdown runs of 1, 1 and 5 yards in a 48-30 win. Yes, their per-carry average of 1.7 was meager, but they became the first NFL player to rush for three TDs in their first start since Minnesota quarterback Daunte Culpepper in 2000.
The next week, it was back to the bench. But the week after that, when injuries again hit Peterson and Gerhart, Asiata rushed for 115 yards on 14 carries in a 14-13 win over Detroit in the last game at the Metrodome.
“He played well when they had the opportunity last year,” said Vikings fullback Jerome Felton. “Philadelphia was tough to run against. Their per-yard wasn't great, but they kept the defense honest by running the ball and that allowed Matt (Cassel) to have a great game (throwing for 382 yards). Then they finished off the Detroit game with some big runs.”
The 5-foot-11, 229-pound Asiata didn't carry the ball in any other game last year besides those two. They finished the season with 166 yards on 44 carries.
Stay tuned to see whether they showed enough for the Vikings to feel good about Asiata possibly being the No. 2 back. General manager Rick Spielman said the team is looking for depth at running back, but the Vikings have displayed no urgency to address the spot during the first two weeks of free agency.
“Matt stepped in and did a great job for us last year,” Spielman said. “But I know that you can't go into the season with just two running backs. So that's an area that we've talked about, a couple of running backs that are currently out on the market but also honed in on a couple of running backs in the draft as well.”
Running backs also on Minnesota's roster are Joe Banyard and Bradley Randle. But they're holdovers from the practice squad who would seem hard-pressed to beat out Asiata for the backup role.
Asiata has spent the offseason working out in the Twin Cities, where they live with their wife, Tangi, and three children. They said the way they closed last season should warrant them plenty of consideration to be Peterson's backup when offseason workouts begin in April.
“I'm going to come in with the same mind-set I did (last December),” Asiata said. “I'm going to come in hungry and prepared for next season.”
Follow Chris Tomasson at twitter.com/christomasson.
A game warden holds a photo discovered while executing a search warrant that that shows Adrian Acevedo-Hernandez, 36, with a deer they suspect was killed illegally. Nevada Department of Wildlife/contributed to RGJ
Posting cute photos of your pets on Facebook are a quick way to get some easy "likes" from friends and family. Posting photos of your illegal wildlife killing exploits is a quick way to get a visit from game wardens.
That's what several men in Nevada found out the hard way after Nevada Department of Wildlife authorities used a Facebook post featuring illegally killed deer to unravel a poaching ring. Besides the illegal killing of dozens of animals, authorities found the ring fraudulently obtained hunting licenses and illegally possessed rifles and shotguns — three of the men also are suspected of being in the United States illegally.
Game Warden Cameron Waithman said the investigation that led to state and federal charges against several men started in June 2013, with an ill-advised Facebook post showing three men with two dead deer near Hiko, Nev.
Waithman said investigators identified Jose Manuel Ortega-Torres, 30, of Lincoln County as one of the people in the photo.
"We figured out basically where they lived and believed we had enough for a search warrant right there," Waithman said. "That's when I started looking at their Facebook page.".
During the search investigators found evidence of illegally killed deer, migratory birds, butchering tools, weapons and ammunition.
"It was surprising it was so blatant," they said.
Investigators used evidence from Ortega-Torres' home and Facebook posts to lead them to Las Vegas, where they identified Adrian Acevedo-Hernandez, 36, Jose Luis Montufar-Canales, 31 and J. Nemias Reyes Marin, 31 who authorities say were "actively engaging in several different wildlife crimes, prompting an in-depth investigation of the three men by game wardens."
In addition to the illegally killed deer in Hiko, authorities found evidence of illegal deer killing in Elko County and fraudulently obtained hunting licenses and tags. They also found evidence of federal crimes, prompting the involvement of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Department of Homeland Security to join the investigation into potential violations of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and federal gun laws.
According to authorities, Acevedo-Hernandez, Montufar-Canales and Marin are suspected to be in the United States illegally. It is a felony for people in the U.S. illegally to possess firearms. The three men are currently in federal custody.
Brian Pugh, the federal public defender assigned to the case, declined to comment on behalf of the defendants.
This photo taken from social media shows three men Nevada Department of Wildlife officials sought for poaching. Jose Manuel Ortega-Torres, 30, with shotgun standing and Adrian Acevedo-Hernandez, 36, with blue can can, were convicted on state charges and are now held in federal custody on gun and wildlife-related charges. The man in the middle remains unidentified. (Photo: Nevada Department of Wildlife/Provided to RGJ )
So far the men have already been convicted of several crimes and are facing charges on others.
According to the Nevada Department of Wildlife:
• Montufar-Canales was convicted in Churchill County of using false information to obtain a hunting license
• Acevedo-Hernandez was convicted in Lincoln County of unlawful possession of two mule deer and ordered to pay $5,000 in fines and civil penalties and to forfeit six firearms
• Acevedo-Hernandez also was convicted in Elko county for another incident of illegal possession of a deer and ordered to forfeit a rifle and their truck
• Marin pleaded guilty in Elko County for illegal possession of a mule deer and is awaiting sentencing.
Waithman said the incident has opened their eyes to the power of Facebook as a tool for investigations. They also said authorities are working on other cases in which people thought to be in the United States illegally are violating wildlife and gun laws by hunting illegally.
"It has obviously opened our eyes," they said. "I think this problem is more prevalent than we believe."
Read or Share this story: http://on.rgj.com/1qAI7CX
The July, 2013 issue of Time Magazine featured a rather interesting cover story. The cover story of the issue carried a picture of an obscure monk from Myanmar with a grim expression etched across their face, not known widely across the world until then, with the headline, “The Face of Buddhist Terror: How Militant Monks are fueling Anti-Muslim Violence in Asia”. The Saffron Clad Monk with the traditional shaved head was a man with a tumultuous past and a controversial history. The Monk, of course, was Ashin Wirathu. The aftermath of the cover story generated strong opinions on both sides of the fence. The then President of Myanmar, Thein Sein, heavily criticized the Time's piece and accused Time Magazine of slandering the Buddhist religion. President Thein Sein described Ashin Wirathu as a “Son of Buddha” and defended them as a “noble person” committed to peace.
In defense of Time Magazine, Ashin Wirathu does hold rather controversial opinions. Hannah Beech, the author of the Time Magazine article, quotes the Monk as saying, “[Muslims] are breeding so fast, and they are stealing our women, raping them. They would like to occupy our country, but I won't let them. We must keep Myanmar Buddhist.” In an interview with GlobalPost, Ashin Wirathu said about the Islamic community, “Muslims are like the African carp. They breed quickly and they are very violent and they eat their own kind. Even though they are minorities here, we are suffering under the burden they bring us.” Once, the controversial Monk spoke of Rohingyan Muslims, “You can be full of kindness and love but you cannot sleep next to a mad dog.” On another occasion, the Monk said voicing an opinion that many feel in their hearts not only in Burma but all over the world concerned about the violent expansionist approach of Islam, “If we are weak, our land will become Muslim.”
Ashin Wirathu accused Time of committing “serious Human Rights Violations” by not quoting them verbatim in their piece. They went on to add, “Before I had heard [rumours] of the Arab world dominating the global media. But this time, I've seen it for myself.” Like most people around the world, Ashin Wirathu suggests that Rohingyans are being radicalized by actors from the Middle East. They say, “The local Muslims are crude and savage because the extremists are pulling the strings, providing them with financial, military and technical power.”
Even though they were arrested in 2003 for their sermons (released 9 years later), Ashin Wirathu is a widely respected and revered Monk among the Buddhist community in Myanmar.
 They are the leader of a hugely popular nationalist movement, the 969 movement, which described itself as a Buddhist revivalist movement with the goal of preserving the national character of Myanmar. The 969 movement advocates the social and economic boycott of Muslims and seeks to outlaw inter-religious marriages between Buddhist women and Muslim men to prevent the conversion of Buddhist women to the Abrahamic Faith. The name for the movement has its source in Buddhist numerology. Quoting Wikipedia, “The first 9 stands for the nine special attributes of the Lord Buddha and the 6 for the six special attributes of their Dharma, or Buddhist Teachings, and the last 9 represents the nine special attributes of Buddhist Sangha (monastic community).”
Quite obviously, not every Buddhist Monk is a fan of Ashin Wirathu. They certainly have their fair share of detractors. One of them is Abbot Arriya Wuttha Bewuntha of Mandalay's Myawaddy Sayadaw monastery. “He sides a little towards hate,” they say, “This is not the way Buddha taught. What the Buddha taught is that hatred is not good, because Buddha sees everyone as an equal being. The Buddha doesn't see people through religion.” Phra Paisal Visalo, prominent Buddhist scholar and Monk from Thailand, considers the narrative of “us and them” created by Myanmar's radical monks as anathema to Buddhism. However, those who don't necessarily agree with Ashin Wirathu tend to share at least some of their concerns. Ashin Sanda Wara who thinks the Monks in Myanmar divided almost equally between the Extremist and Moderate Camps and considers themselves among the Moderates admits that they were “afraid of Muslims because their population is increasing so rapidly.”
Thus far, we have explored only one side of the story. And Ashin Wirathu certainly doesn't portray themselves as a very sympathetic character. But it's important to remember, men like Ashin Wirathu are not born in a vacuum. They are moulded by the circumstances that surround them and the history of their nation. And therefore, for the purpose of understanding their motivations and concerns that drive him, it is important that we delve into the history of the relationship between the two communities virtually at war with each other. And perhaps, after we have examined all aspects of the story, we can gain better insight into the nature of this enigmatic personality.
Too many people, out of their own vested interests or because sheer ignorance, seek to paint Rohingyans as the most persecuted minority in the world and absolve the Rohingyan Muslim community of all sins. The conflict between the Burmese and Rohingyans is certainly not a product of insane bloodlust of people from the majority community of the country. They are certainly not blameless and indeed might have a huge hand in the treatment they have been meted out. It's not to say what's happening to them is not terrible but as the old saying goes, what goes around comes.
In May 1946, Muslims leaders from Arakan, Myanmar (present day Rakhine) met with Muhammad Ali Jinnah and pleaded for the formal annexation of two townships in the Mayu region to then East Pakistan. Not long after, the North Arakan Muslim League was founded which approached Jinnah with the same request. Jinnah refused insisting that they couldn't interfere with the internal matters of Burma following which Muslims in Arakan approached the newly formed post-independence government of Burma with a proposal asking them to concede the two townships to Pakistan. Burma rejected their proposal as well. And then, the Mujahideen went on to wage Jihad against the Burmese to ‘liberate' Arakan from Kaafirs. They attacked the government soldiers posted in the area and drove out local Rakhine communities from their own land. At one point of time, the Burmese government's control was reduced to only the city of Akyab while the Mujahideen controlled all of the Northern region of Arakan. The Jihadist separatist movement continued well into the 1960s but the Burmese government prevailed against these forces by the end of the decade.
Since then, Radical Islam in Rohingya has survived and even thrived more or less in the form of organizations such as the Rohingya Solidarity Organization (RSO) which have garnered support from Islamist groups such as Jamaat-e-Islami in Bangladesh and Pakistan, Hizb-e-Islami in Afghanistan and Hizb-ul-Mujahideen in Jammu and Kashmir. One videotape obtained by CNN from Al-Qaeda's archives in Afghanistan in August 2002 allegedly shows Jihadists from Myanmar training in Afghanistan. Jihadist organizations such as Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami and Harkat-ul-Ansar also claim to operate in Myanmar.
Considering such a turbulent history, it becomes clearer that the Burmese actions against Rohingyan Muslims is a disproportionate response to decades of Jihad that the Rohingyans have waged against the Burmese and continue to this day. The Rohingyans have discovered, not so much to their benefit, the Burmese do not take very kindly to threats of secession and would go to extreme ends to maintain their territorial integrity.
When Ashin Wirathu says if they're weak, then Myanmar will turn Islamic, they speak of a very real threat that the Burmese have been forced to deal with for decades now. And the militancy continues to this day. As recently as the last week of August this year, Rohingyan terrorists engaged in mass slaughter of the Burmese and ended up murdering dozens of people. It's clearly a lot more complicated an issue than what the global media is portraying it to be.
Ashin Wirathu is a Monk from a nation that has been in direct conflict with Radical Islam for close to seven decades. In these seven decades, Myanmar has witnessed horrific atrocities and experienced terror beyond measure.
It's not surprising then that Ashin Wirathu holds such extreme opinions about a community that has been hostile to the Burmese population and even wanted Burma to concede its territory to Pakistan. Ashin Wirathu sees the undeclared war against Rohingyan Muslims as an act of self-preservation against forces which would otherwise plot their destruction.
The fate of the Rohingyans should serve as example to Islamists all over the world who dream of Global Domination and seek to impose themselves on the native population. Instead of peaceful coexistence, the Rohingyans chose Jihad and now find themselves confronted by a man who loves their people enough to go to any lengths, even inhumane, to secure their safety and prosperity. In Ashin Wirathu's own words, “I am defending my loved one,” they say, “like you would defend your loved one. I am only warning people about Muslims. Consider it like if you had a dog, that would bark at strangers coming to your house – it is to warn you. I am like that dog. I bark.”
What kind of social model is it that leaves more than half of young people out of work? In two European Union countries, Greece and Spain, this grim threshold has now been passed. Of the pair, it is the latter that is most striking. In the EU's fifthlargest economy, youth unemployment stands at 56.1 per cent, a level that would once have been considered unthinkable by those who lived through the post-Franco Spanish “economic miracle”.
The chronic joblessness is largely attributable to the 2008 crash and the austerity subsequently imposed at the behest of Berlin. In the boom years the Spanish economy became dangerously reliant on construction, which at its peak accounted for 16 per cent of GDP and 12 per cent of employment. When the property bubble burst, after house prices had risen by more than 100 per cent in ten years, unemployment immediately surged.
The €27bn of spending cuts and tax rises introduced by the Rajoy government have made a bad situation worse, with the economy falling into a double-dip recession. Keynes's advice to “take care of unemployment” and let the budget deficit “take care of itself” has been ignored by the austerians of Brussels.
Yet this alone cannot explain Spain's exceptional youth joblessness, which stood at 18.2 per cent even before the crash. The root of the problem lies in the country's two-tier labour market, which gives permanent workers huge advantage over their temporary counterparts. Unable to adjust the pay and conditions of long-standing employees established through collective bargaining agreements, companies took to laying off the third of workers on short-term contracts. A report last year by the Bank of Spain's Centre of Monetary and Financial Studies found that 90 per cent of those who had lost their job since 2007 were in temporary employment. The apparent ease with which short-term work could be found before the crisis, most notably in the property sector, also encouraged the young to drop out of school as early as possible. As a result, 30 per cent of young Spaniards have no qualifications, leaving them unable to compete for high-skilled jobs. The problem is compounded by a welfare system that removes all support from claimants once they find work, however low-paid, prompting some to conclude they are better off remaining on benefits and working in the black economy.
The labour-market reforms introduced by the government, including allowing struggling companies to opt out of collective bargaining agreements and a reduction in the highest level of severance pay (aimed at encouraging firms to take a chance on new workers), may improve the situation at the margins but many are not waiting to find out. More than 280,000 young people left Spain last year in search of work, with Germany, the UK, Argentina and Venezuela the most popular destinations. Thousands of young scientists and academics have departed after a 40 per cent cut in state spending on research and development. It leaves Spain ill-equipped for when recovery comes.
In the meantime, those unwilling or unable to emigrate are left with the melancholy reflection that they are just halfway through what is almost certain to be a lost decade.
CheekyChaCha introduces our latest product: PussyButts! A set of handmade coasters that will remind you of your soft and cuddly cat and their buttholes.
CheekyChaCha.com introduces our newest product PussyButts! CheekyChaCha is a new company that produces fun and unique products that will leave you wanting more.
Made from scratch. Down to the packaging :)
Support an ARTIST! PussyButts make for a great conversation piece. About the creator: @JennyOnTheKnot is an accomplished musician, teacher, world traveler, and animal lover. They have combined their love for knitting and animals by creating and donating Cozy Caves to animal rescue organizations. While in their role as a musical director, they can often be found backstage feverishly knitting between scenes.
Lots of choices!
What a great gift for a cat lover! Choose from 5 Colors: Black, White, Gray, Gray Swirl, or Black Swirl
President Donald Trump already has something of a contentious relationship with plans to acquire a fleet of new presidential aircraft, commonly known as Air Force One, as well as the primary contractor for the replacement planes, Boeing. They famously Tweeted out that the project's “costs are out of control” and subsequently pledged to seek a better deal as only they supposedly could. But with the complex requirements largely non-negotiable, the U.S. Air Force has found perhaps the only realistic way to cut costs—by buying abandoned airliners on the cheap before converting them into the most advanced VIP transport in the world. Defense One's Marcus Weinberger got the scoop that the Air Force was finishing up the paperwork to buy a pair of 747-8i aircraft sitting in storage out at the Southern California Logistics Airport, which contains an expansive commercial boneyard in the Mojave Desert. Neither the service nor Boeing would say how much the used planes cost, but it seems guaranteed that the final price will be less than that of a new one, which is more than $380 million.
“We're working through the final stages of coordination to purchase two commercial 747-8 aircraft and expect to award a contract soon,” Ann Stefanek, an Air Force spokesperson, told Defense One. “We're still working toward a deal to provide two 747-8s to the Air Force – this deal is focused on providing a great value for the Air Force and the best price for the taxpayer,” Caroline Hutcheson, a Boeing spokesperson added in a separate statement.
USAF One of the two existing VC-25A "Air Force One" aircraft.
In a somewhat amusing twist of fate, Russian airline Transaero signed a deal to buy four 747-8is in 2013. When that firm went bankrupt two years later – likely at least in part an indirect result of the international outcry over the Kremlin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region – two of the planes were already complete. Aeroflot, Russia's flag carrier, grabbed most of the abandoned fleet in a state-sponsored buyout, but declined to buy the especially expensive to operate 747s. Boeing has been trying to find a buyer ever since.
Getting taxpayers the best deal should always be an important consideration, but it's especially important in this case since Trump has made the cost of the Air Force One replacements such a public issue. When The Donald took to social media to decry the state of the program in December 2016, the final price tag was an estimated $3-4 billion dollars for a pair of jets to replace the existing pair of VC-25A “Air Force Ones,” plus various ancillary costs.
The VC-25s, also based on the 747-200 airliner, have been in service since the 1990s, though they have received significant modifications over the years. The Air Force has been actively looking for new jets to fill this unique role since at least 2009. As The War Zone's Tyler Rogoway wrote after Trump's Tweet, there were good reasons to replace these planes and for what the new aircraft would cost so much:
Trump seems to balk at the cost of replacing the two VC-25As—aircraft that are approaching 30 years of service – which Trump says is around $4 billion.That figure seems to be a fairly accurate estimate, though their number is on the higher end of the estimate spectrum. A single 747-8i – which these new Presidential airlift aircraft will be based on—costs around $365 million from Boeing. But we're not talking about the average crying baby hauler here. Pressed into Air Force service, these new aircraft will require a massive amount of systems integration work to be able to handle the job of Air Force One. This includes adapting them to host the most advanced flying communications suite there is, and making them hardened against the electromagnetic pulses given off by exploding nuclear weapons. It will also include building in and testing aerial refueling capabilities, lots of power generation, and integrating a self defense suite made up of the most complex constellation of missile countermeasures found on any aircraft in the world. Not just that, but the aircraft will also be subject to an avalanche of specific requirements, many from emanating from disparate agencies, which will all have to be folded into a single design that will only be replicated two or three times. Finally, the design has to take future expansion and upgradability into account at every turn – an expensive task upfront aimed at saving money down the road. In other words, this is tough and expensive work that has America's national security relying on it. If Air Force One cannot act as a reliable flying command center, even during a nuclear exchange, the credibility of America's nuclear deterrent erodes.
Rogoway listed a number of ways Trump could have gotten away with canceling the program, including flying less overall, using less capable planes when possible, or even shifting some of the burden to the E-4B Nightwatch airborne command posts. Alternatively, Trump could have decided to go with a different, cheaper airframe altogether as the starting point.
AP President Donald Trump onboard the current VC-25A "Air Force One."
But choosing a different plane could have brought along all new problems and associated costs as designers would have to figure out how to get all the necessary systems into an entirely new package. There wouldn't necessarily be any existing knowledge base for the extensive upgrades the aircraft itself would need, including hardening it against nuclear blasts and other attacks, both physical and otherwise. In the end, any overall savings from choosing a new plane as the starting point would likely have been relatively small by U.S. government standards. The cost of buying new 747-8is, as was the original plan, would have accounted for less than a $1 billion out of the project's overall estimated price, somewhere between less than a third and less than a quarter of the final bill. However, as Rogoway ultimately noted, Trump had caged themselves in with the "optics" of their statements:
Trump could execute any of the options above; but even if it makes the best financial sense to move forward with the Air Force One replacement program as is, doing so would be a missed opportunity to show the world that Trump can do better. If we've learned anything it's that Trump wants to send the message that they can squeeze a better deal out of anyone and everyone, including Boeing. So with just a little restructuring of the program here and there – and some dollars thrown Boeing's way for other projects – Trump could potentially announce that they fixed the problem.
In choosing the second-hand 747s, the Trump administration solves a number of issues at once. It keeps the program on track, largely unchanged, using an airframe similar to the existing VC-25As, which will help keep many costs down as the Air Force finalizes the design. More importantly, it gives Trump themselves a “win” where they can say they made a promise to the American people and followed through on saving them money. So, while this will probably have a very small impact on what the future Air Force One looks like in the end, and may only trim a relatively minor part of the replacement program's final cost, it seems likely that we will be hearing about this deal a lot in the near future. Contact the author: jtrevithickpr@gmail.com
‘I want all the boys who want to swim to be able to swim. My only concern is with the girls.'
What happens when a high school boy breaks a girls' swimming record?
The governing body that regulates high school athletics in Massachusetts plans to grapple with that question, as more boys are competing on girls' swim teams in the fall season than ever before. Earlier this month, a male student from Norwood High, Will Higgins, broke a meet record for the girls' 50-yard freestyle, leaving athletic officials scratching their heads over what to do.
Officials from the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association are expected to review the issue in January, and discuss what - if anything - can be done to address the new record and other concerns raised by female swimmers and some swim coaches.
Advertisement
According to MIAA spokesperson Paul Wetzel, one issue is not up for debate. There's no stopping boys from competing on girls' swim teams.
Get Fast Forward in your inbox: A look at the news and events shaping the day ahead, delivered every weekday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Under state laws requiring equal access to sports for both genders, if there is no boys' swimming program at a male athlete's high school, they can swim for the school's girls' team.
“On several occasions,'' Wetzel said, citing court challenges faced by the MIAA, “we have tried to mitigate that ruling for individual sports . . . and each time we try, we lose. So there's not much we can do about ending mixed-gender teams.''
Last summer, Wetzel said, several field hockey coaches proposed limiting the number of boys allowed on a field at one time. The MIAA had the proposal reviewed by lawyers, who ultimately decided that the plan - regardless of how well intended - would not stand up in court.
Wetzel said: “Our attorney said it won't fly.''
Advertisement
In high school swimming, there are boys' and girls' teams in the winter, but in the fall it's strictly a girls' season. This fall, about a dozen boys qualified to swim in the Division 1 state championships, held at MIT this month.
Recalling the state championships, Andover High School swim coach Marilyn Fitzgerald said they had never seen so many boys at a girls' swim meet. “It changes the whole demeanor'' of the event, said Fitzgerald.
The all-girl teams cheered extra loudly for other girls swimming in the MIT pool, they said. When Sarah Broderick of Haverhill High beat out several boys to win the 50-yard freestyle, “the place erupted,'' said Fitzgerald.
Two boys - Scott DelRossi of Methuen and Nikita Kirik of Billerica - placed second and third in the event.
If one of them had won, noted Fitzgerald, “We would have been crowning a boy as girls' state champion. Inherently, there's something wrong with this.
Advertisement
“Everybody is upset about it. I'm sure the boys themselves would rather swim against boys,'' they said.
The situation was particularly noticeable this fall, observers said. Of the 48 high schools with girls' swim teams this season, eight - Billerica, Dracut, Marshfield, Methuen, Norwood, Walpole, Weymouth, and St. Peter-Marian in Worcester - had male swimmers on their rosters. (Many more high schools offer swimming as a winter sport. There were 190 boys' swim teams and 154 girls' teams competing last winter.)
In previous years, the issue of boys competing on girls' high school swim teams has not been much of a problem, according to Wetzel.
Typically, only a handful of boys participated, and they did not perform as well as the best girls, they said. “We haven't had any boys that were good enough. They've swum but haven't qualified to move up'' into postseason competition, Wetzel said, or threaten to break any records.
Wetzel said that any school with a mixed-gender sports team must inform the MIAA and all of their opponents during the season. Under MIAA rules, any opposing team can decline to play against the mixed-gender team. When that happens, the mixed-gender team gets a win (due to forfeit) but the opposing team doesn't record the loss, so it does not hurt their record, they said.
Swim coaches say they don't want any boys to lose the opportunity to swim. They just want to make sure that both the fall and winter seasons offer fair competition for both genders.
“I want all the boys who want to swim to be able to swim,'' said Fitzgerald. “My only concern is with the girls. The girls in the fall have to be treated in the same manner as the girls in the winter . . . and that is not happening.''
“Boys and girls should have their own championship,'' said Fitzgerald.
These are among the concerns likely to be discussed when the MIAA's state swimming committee meets on Jan. 5. MIAA officials also expect to address the record set by Higgins, the Norwood High swimmer who broke the mark set by Cynthia Kangos of Wellesley in 1985.
As far as the record goes, Wetzel said, the MIAA will be consulting with the National Federation of State High School Associations. The issue will also likely be taken up by the MIAA's tournament management committee, according to Wetzel.
Coaches hope some kind of solution can be reached.
“It's becoming more of an issue. We hope it will be addressed,'' said Kim Goodwin, the coach at Norwood High School, who had six boys on their roster this fall.
Goodwin said whenever the boys swam with their female teammates, gender became secondary. “We're one big happy family,'' they said.
But as the boys improved, and began finishing stronger, more opponents began taking notice, they said.
The strength of the boys “is an unfair advantage,'' said Goodwin. “It's also unfair to have them not participate in a sport they love.''
At Norwood High, the boys are timed separately from the girls. “They're all racing against the clock'' and trying to beat their own best time, said Goodwin.
They said they hope something like that can be done on a larger scale, so that during state tournaments boys are only competing against other boys' times.
Pete Foley, who coached Weston High's swim team for 35 years and served as the school's athletic director, said they would like to see more high schools forming “co-op'' arrangements with nearby towns that would allow them to have enough participants to field a boys' team of their own.
“If possible, I would like to see the schools where these guys are competing . . . co-op with other schools,'' said Foley. “I think that would probably be the best thing for them to do. But it's probably easier said than done. I don't know the circumstances'' of each individual school, they noted.
However, Foley said, “I'm confident the athletic directors are looking at all the alternatives and striving to do what's best for their kids and their schools.''
Harriet Kinnett, who is in their 16th year as head swim coach at Chelmsford High School, had four of their girls compete in the 50-yard freestyle event at the state championships. One of their swimmers - Mary Kate Coen - placed fourth, behind the two boys. If they had not been competing against their faster times, they would have taken second place, said Kinnett.
Boys “should either have their own time standards to make it, or have their own championship. Otherwise it's not equal,'' said Kinnett.
“I hope the MIAA will step in and correct this,'' they said. “I don't think it's fair to the boys or the girls.''
by
Cape May, NJ – Remember Between the Lines – that classy women's clothing store that was on Carpenter's Lane for years? Gone.
In its place this year – doughnuts, tiny doughnuts hot from the fryer.
Plumber Joe (that's how people know them – they are a plumber, after all) got such a great response selling their little doughnuts at local farmers markets last year, they decided to open an actual store.
It's not the only familiar storefront undergoing a facelift this year.
MerMade
Anyone remembers the old Domino's Pizza on Park Boulevard in West Cape May? It morphed several years ago into Italiano Pizza. But all that tomato sauce and mozzarella is biting the dust for good.
The long time pizza place is now Mermade.
Fruit flavored sugar scrubs will be replacing those pizza ovens. Mermade is a children's spa for the under 12 set.
Little girls can get mini makeovers. Owner Kylie Bush says the new location is twice the size of their old spot on Gurney St. And there's parking. Just what you need when you're hosting children's birthday parties.
Sweet House
Another long time favorite, Morrow's Nut House on the Washington Street Mall is also gone. But at this location, the new business coming in is actually a riff on the old.
Will Riccio, owner of Louisa's Restaurant, is creating an old fashioned candy store called the Sweet House in the old Morrow building. Sort of like the retro Shane's Confectionery in Philadelphia. Don't worry, Morrow's Nuts fans. A sign taped to the window promises roasted nuts and candy.
Cape May Bakers
Yet another long lived local shop, Cape May Bakers, closed its doors this year after 35 years in business on Perry Street in West Cape May.
Curtis Bashaw, owner of Congress Hall, bought the place and plans to annex it to their popular shopping spot, the West End Garage, right next door. They say the bakery will create space for more shops plus, West End Shoppers, pay attention – there's a a new addition coming: a coffee shop for those who'd rather sip latte's than shop. Open is set for October.
South of Jackson
The brand-new South of Jackson shop on the Washington Street Mall is already open for business.
Owners Tony and Jennifer Palmer moved to Cape May from the Philly area to start this contemporary gift and home store. It's aimed squarely at modern and blended families. No same old stuff here. The Palmers' store has an urban vibe, with edgy pillows and creative kids' gifts. It's one of those hard- to- walk- out- without- buying- something stores. South of Jackson replaces American West.
Juice Caboose
The Juice Caboose on Washington Street took over a storefront late last season that had been many things including, most recently, a real estate office.
This will be the Caboose's first full season serving up take out smoothies, homemade soups and salads. The owner has local restaurant cred – he's part of the Atkinson restaurant family from Cape May Court House.
Cape May Food News
Along with all the shopping news, there's lots of news this year for local foodies.
Our source for Live+7 DVR ratings includes only original, regular programs, excluding both repeats (which are unlikely to be heavily DVR viewed) and “specials”.
During the twenty-fifth week of the 2012-2013 season (March 11-17), The Big Bang Theory topped the rankings for the week's DVR viewing adults 18-49 ratings added between the Live+Same Day period (as reported in all our other ratings posts) and the Live + 7 Day measurement periods with a gain of 1.8 adults 18-49 ratings points.
90210 topped the % adults 18-49 ratings increase from DVR viewing, adding 200% to its Live+Same Day adults 18-49 ratings.
The Big Bang Theory also led total Viewership gains, adding 4.099 million viewers via DVR between Live + Same Day and Live + 7 Day ratings.
Largest 18-49 Ratings Increase From DVR Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows:
Shows Net 18-49 L+SD (Rating) 18-49 L+7 (Rating) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) BIG BANG THEORY, THE-03/14 CBS 4.8 6.6 1.8 38% GREY'S ANATOMY-03/14 ABC 2.6 4.3 1.7 65% FOLLOWING, THE-03/11 FOX 2.7 4.4 1.7 63% ELEMENTARY-03/14 CBS 2.3 3.6 1.3 57% GLEE-03/14 FOX 2.0 3.2 1.2 60% OFFICE-03/14 NBC 1.9 3.0 1.1 58% GRIMM-03/15 NBC 1.4 2.5 1.1 79% ONCE UPON A TIME-03/17 ABC 2.3 3.3 1.0 43% FAMILY GUY-03/17 FOX 2.4 3.4 1.0 42% PERSON OF INTEREST-03/14 CBS 2.9 3.8 0.9 31% MENTALIST, THE-03/17 CBS 1.7 2.6 0.9 53% REVENGE-03/17 ABC 1.8 2.6 0.8 44% TWO AND A HALF MEN-03/14 CBS 3.4 4.2 0.8 24% HELL'S KITCHEN-03/12 FOX 2.1 2.9 0.8 38% PARKS AND RECREATION-03/14 NBC 1.6 2.4 0.8 50% BODY OF PROOF-03/12 ABC 1.2 1.9 0.7 58% VAMPIRE DIARIES-03/14 CW 1.1 1.8 0.7 64% SMASH-03/12 NBC 0.9 1.6 0.7 78% AMERICAN IDOL-WEDNESDAY-03/13 FOX 3.8 4.4 0.6 16% AMERICAN IDOL-THURSDAY-03/14 FOX 3.1 3.7 0.6 19% LAST MAN STANDING-03/15 ABC 1.4 1.9 0.5 36% RED WIDOW-03/17 ABC 1.0 1.5 0.5 50% SURVIVOR: CARAMOAN-03/13 CBS 2.7 3.2 0.5 19% RULES OF ENGAGEMENT-03/11 CBS 2.1 2.6 0.5 24% The BIGGEST LOSER 14-03/11 NBC 2.0 2.5 0.5 25%
Largest 18-49 Percentage Increase From DVR Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows:
Shows Net 18-49 L+SD (Rating) 18-49 L+7 (Rating) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) 90210-03/11 CW 0.2 0.6 0.4 200% GRIMM-03/15 NBC 1.4 2.5 1.1 79% SMASH-03/12 NBC 0.9 1.6 0.7 78% TOUCH-03/15 FOX 0.6 1.0 0.4 67% GREY'S ANATOMY-03/14 ABC 2.6 4.3 1.7 65% VAMPIRE DIARIES-03/14 CW 1.1 1.8 0.7 64% FOLLOWING, THE-03/11 FOX 2.7 4.4 1.7 63% GLEE-03/14 FOX 2.0 3.2 1.2 60% BEAUTY AND THE BEAST-03/14 CW 0.5 0.8 0.3 60% BODY OF PROOF-03/12 ABC 1.2 1.9 0.7 58% OFFICE-03/14 NBC 1.9 3.0 1.1 58% ELEMENTARY-03/14 CBS 2.3 3.6 1.3 57% MENTALIST, THE-03/17 CBS 1.7 2.6 0.9 53% RED WIDOW-03/17 ABC 1.0 1.5 0.5 50% PARKS AND RECREATION-03/14 NBC 1.6 2.4 0.8 50% CULT-03/15 CW 0.2 0.3 0.1 50% COMMUNITY-03/14 NBC 1.1 1.6 0.5 45% DECEPTION-03/11 NBC 1.1 1.6 0.5 45% REVENGE-03/17 ABC 1.8 2.6 0.8 44% ONCE UPON A TIME-03/17 ABC 2.3 3.3 1.0 43% FAMILY GUY-03/17 FOX 2.4 3.4 1.0 42% 1600 PENN-03/14 NBC 1.0 1.4 0.4 40% HELL'S KITCHEN-03/12 FOX 2.1 2.9 0.8 38% BIG BANG THEORY, THE-03/14 CBS 4.8 6.6 1.8 38% MALIBU COUNTRY-03/15 ABC 1.1 1.5 0.4 36%
–
The 18-49 Demo % Increase From DVR Viewing ranks which of the top broadcast shows [by Live+7 18-49 ratings] had the largest percentage adults 18-49 ratings increase in viewing by DVR in their adults 18-49 Live+7 audience numbers from viewers watching shows after the airdate on their digital video recorders (DVRs).
–
Largest Viewership Increase From DVR Viewing for Broadcast TV Shows:
Shows Net Viewership L+SD (000) Viewership L+7 (000) Post Airdate Increase (Absolute) Post Airdate Increase (%) BIG BANG THEORY, THE-03/14 CBS 15955 20054 4099 26% FOLLOWING, THE-03/11 FOX 8153 12007 3854 47% ELEMENTARY-03/14 CBS 11390 15164 3774 33% GREY'S ANATOMY-03/14 ABC 8034 11676 3642 45% MENTALIST, THE-03/17 CBS 9977 13179 3202 32% PERSON OF INTEREST-03/14 CBS 14379 17552 3173 22% BODY OF PROOF-03/12 ABC 6603 9616 3013 46% BLUE BLOODS-03/15 CBS 10509 13340 2831 27% GLEE-03/14 FOX 5373 8101 2728 51% GRIMM-03/15 NBC 4908 7441 2533 52% ONCE UPON A TIME-03/17 ABC 7447 9808 2361 32% TWO AND A HALF MEN-03/14 CBS 12233 14368 2135 17% REVENGE-03/17 ABC 6573 8650 2077 32% GOOD WIFE, THE-03/17 CBS 9076 11071 1995 22% RED WIDOW-03/17 ABC 4355 6276 1921 44% SMASH-03/12 NBC 2902 4800 1898 65% OFFICE-03/14 NBC 3564 5362 1798 50% FAMILY GUY-03/17 FOX 4923 6626 1703 35% GOLDEN BOY-03/12 CBS 8530 10157 1627 19% AMERICAN IDOL-WEDNESDAY-03/13 FOX 13440 15033 1593 12% AMERICAN IDOL-THURSDAY-03/14 FOX 11926 13479 1553 13% LAST MAN STANDING-03/15 ABC 6349 7863 1514 24% HELL'S KITCHEN-03/12 FOX 5300 6704 1404 26% SURVIVOR: CARAMOAN-03/13 CBS 9897 11221 1324 13% VAMPIRE DIARIES-03/14 CW 2439 3600 1161 48%
The average viewership increase From DVR Viewing ranks which of the top broadcast shows [by Live+7 viewers] had the largest absolute increase in average viewership by DVR between the Live + Same Day and Live + 7 day ratings measurements.
Do the Live+7 ratings tell us anything about a show's renewal prospects we didn't already know from the Live+Same Day ratings? No. Click here to learn more.
To see the previous most DVR'd TV Shows lists click here.
Definitions:
DVR (Time-shifted) Adults 18-49 Ratings – Program ratings for national sources are produced in three streams of data Live, Live+Same Day (Live+SD) and Live+7 Day. Time shifted figures account for incremental viewing that takes place with DVRs.
Live+Same Day(Live+SD) ratings include viewing during the same broadcast day as the original telecast, with a cut-off of 3:00AM local time when meters transmit daily viewing to Nielsen for processing.
Live+7 Day ratings include incremental viewing that takes place during the 7 days following a telecast.
DVR Ratings Increase Past Airdate – How many people watched the show on their DVRs within 7 days following the airdate
Until the 2009-2010 season, we used a show's LIVE program rating or viewership as the base upon which the LIVE+7 day DVR viewing was added. Now, the press seems to be standardizing around using LIVE+SAME DAY DVR viewing as the base for the calculations, so that's what we do now as well.
Nielsen TV Ratings Data:©2011 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
As part of our ongoing commitment to help build an interoperable, secure web that “just works,” we're excited to announce support for HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) in Internet Explorer. This change can be previewed using Internet Explorer in the Windows 10 Technical Preview, and will come to Project Spartan in a later update.
The HSTS policy protects against variants of man-in-the-middle attacks that can strip TLS out of communications with a server, leaving the user vulnerable. For example, a user may initially connect to a non-encrypted version of a website before being redirected to a secure connection. An attacker exploiting the non-encrypted connection could redirect the user to a malicious site. HSTS mitigates this attack vector by allowing sites to specify that the browser should always use a secure connection to the server. HSTS provides two methods for sites to secure their connections:
Registering for a preload list: websites can register to be hardcoded by IE and other browsers to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS. Communications with these websites from the initial connection are automatically upgraded to be secure. Like other browsers which have implemented this feature, Internet Explorer's preload list is based on the Chromium HSTS preload list.
websites can register to be hardcoded by IE and other browsers to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS. Communications with these websites from the initial connection are automatically upgraded to be secure. Like other browsers which have implemented this feature, Internet Explorer's preload list is based on the Chromium HSTS preload list. Serving a HSTS header: Sites not on the preload list can enable HSTS via the Strict-Transport-Security HTTP header. After an initial HTTPS connection from the client containing the HSTS header, any subsequent HTTP connections are redirected by the browser to be secured via HTTPS.
There are two important changes that impact users on sites using HSTS. First, when there is a certification error with a HSTS server, the user will not be able to click through and ignore the certificate error; they must abort their connection. Second, mixed content is not supported on servers supporting HSTS; all the content must be secure.
These changes are available for preview in the January updates to the Windows 10 Technical Preview. Join the Windows Insider Program to see HSTS in action in IE and let us know if you have feedback @IEDevChat or on Connect.
— Mike Bell, Program Manager, Storage, Network, and Print
— David Walp, Program Manager, Internet Explorer
Blossoming love affair between a dalit youth and a Muslim girl has triggered a communal tension in a village in Uttar Pradesh's Muzaffarnagar district, with the dalits being asked to leave the village.
On Sunday, the house of the dalit family, whose boy had eloped with the girl a few days back, was torched and they were asked to leave the village failing which they will have to face serious consequences. As the villagers were trying to douse the flames, a letter asking the dalits to leave the village was recovered from the spot triggering further tension.
According to reports, the boy Prateek had eloped with their lover, a Muslim girl of the same village, last month after a brief affair.
Complaint lodged
The members of the girl's family had lodged a report with the police. The couple who got married, were recovered from Loni area in Ghaziabad district a few days back.
When the duo were produced before a court on Saturday last, the girl, insisted on living with their lover. The court sent Prateek to jail and the girl was sent to “Nari Niketan” (women's shelter).
Members of the dalit community have sought security from the district administration and security personnel in strength have been deployed in the village to prevent any further flare up. A large number of dalit males have fled from the village fearing for their lives.
A case has been registered in this connection. “We have deployed police personnel in strength at the village. The guilty will be sternly punished,” said Arun Sirohi, circle officer.
Against love
The powerful “khaps” (caste panchayats) have declared that will not allow love marriages. Many lovers, in the past, have been subjected to torture and have also been killed by their families.
Update 3-16-2015: Sig has released a chart to help illustrate the difference between the P320 Carry and P320 Compact.
-------------
Original post below:
So... back when we posted our video detailing the P320 and P250, we pointed out that it was strange that the P250 Compact was the same as the P320 Carry in overall dimensions. Well... it seems that this is turning into a real cluster.
The gun that we have all known as the P320 Carry is no longer the Carry... What, what?
Yup, the gun initially branded as the P320 Carry, including their micro site (still as of this post), calls out the Carry as having a 3.9" barrel and overall height of 5.3". That meets up to the P250 Compact.
Now, they've made a new Carry and the old Carry is now the Compact (making it the same size as the P250 Compact).
See screenshots below from SigEvolution.com showing the P320 line as of 2014 which means the P320 Carry specs will be incorrect in 2015:
And then see the screenshots from SigSauer.com:
2015 P320 Line
So what is the difference between the 2014 Carry and the 2015 Carry?
The 2015 Carry has a full height grip shell allowing for full size magazines (uh oh, that means mag size confusion to follow). It has a 3.9" barrel and that makes the barrel / slide the same length as the 2014 Carry but it is taller (the same height as the full size).
You will also notice from the photos below that the grip shell is essentially a full size grip shell cut back to the length of the slide.
The 2014 P320 Carry has the same size grip shell as the P250 Compact along with a compact magazine.
The specs of the four P320 models slated for 2015 are as follows:
SUB-COMPACT COMPACT (same as 2014 Carry)
CARRY FULL SIZE Calibers 9mm 9mm, 40 Cal, 357 SIG, 45ACP 9mm, 40 Cal, 357 SIG, 45ACP 9mm, 40 Cal, 357 SIG, 45ACP Overall Length 6.7"- 170mm 7.2"- 183mm 7.2"- 183mm 8.1"- 203mm Overall Height 4.7"- 119mm 5.3"- 135mm 5.5"- 140mm 5.5"- 140mm Overall Width 1.4"- 36mm 1.4"- 36mm 1.4"- 36mm 1.4"- 36mm Barrel Length 3.6"- 91mm 3.9"- 99mm 3.9"- 99mm 4.7"- 119mm Sight Radius 5.5"- 140mm 5.8"- 147mm 5.8"- 147mm 6.6"- 168mm TriggerPull DA Striker 5.5-7.5 lbs - 24.5-33.4 N Weight With Magazine 24.9 oz - 706g 25.9 oz -737g 26.5 oz- 751g 29.4 oz- 833g Mag Capacity 12 (9) 15(9) 13 (40/357) 9 (45) 17(9) 14 (40/357) 10 (45) 17(9) 14 (40/357) 10 (45)
Why does this matter? Because we, and pretty much every other dealer out there, have been branding the 2014 P320 Carry as a P320 Carry but in 2015 it is a P320 Compact.
Because there are tons of websites, YouTube videos (including ours), and photos calling out the 2014 version it will be extremely confusing when you're shopping for one. If you are in the market for a P320 Carry or P320 Compact, you should probably verify the exact dimensions to be 100% sure you know what you're going to get.
We will be updating our products as soon as possible so that the names reflect the 2015 Specs.
The part numbers for the 2015 P320 line are as follows:
UPC Code Item Number Description MSRP Subcompact SMALL Grip Module 798681513512 320SC-9-B Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, Contrast Sights, (2) 12rd Magazines $628.00 798681513529 320SC-9-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Night Sights, (2) 12rd Magazines $713.00 Compact MEDIUM Grip Module, 1913 Picatinny Rail (Small & Large Grip Modules available separately) 798681505951 320C-9-B Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, Contrast Sights, 15rd Magazine $628.00 798681474264 320C-9-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, 15rd Magazine $713.00 798681505968 320C-40-B Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, Contrast Sights, 13rd Magazine $628.00 798681474271 320C-40-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, 13rd Magazine $713.00 798681505975 320C-357-B Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG Contrast Sights, 13rd Magazine $628.00 798681474288 320C-357-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, SLITE Sights, 13rd Magazine $713.00 798681513499 320C-45-B Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, Contrast Sights, (2) 9rd Magazines $628.00 798681513505 320C-45-BSS Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, SLITE Night Sights, (2) 9rd Magazines $713.00 798681505876 320C-9-FDE Flat Dark Earth Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, 15rd Magazine $713.00 798681505883 320C-40-FDE Flat Dark Earth Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, 13rd Magazine $713.00 798681505890 320C-357-FDE Flat Dark Earth Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, SLITE Sights, 13rd Magazine $713.00 798681512959 320C-9-TSS-ODG Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, OD Green Grip Module, 15rd Magazine $713.00 798681512966 320C-40-TSS-ODG Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, OD Green Grip Module, 13rd Magazine $713.00 Carry MEDIUM Grip Module, 1913 Picatinny Rail (Small & Large Grip Modules available separately) 798681514298 320CA-9-B Black Nitron Finish, 9mm,Contrast Sights, 17rd Magazine $628.00 798681514236 320CA-9-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, 17rd Magazine $713.00 798681514243 320CA-9-BSS-TB Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, 17rd Magazine,THD BBL 13.5X1LH $785.00 798681514250 320CA-40-B Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, Contrast Sights, 14rd Magazine $628.00 798681514267 320CA-40-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, 14rd Magazine $713.00 798681514274 320CA-357-B Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, Contrast Sights, 14rd Magazine $628.00 798681514281 320CA-357-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, SLITE Sights, 14rd Magazine $713.00 798681513475 320CA-45-B Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, Contrast Sights, (2) 10rd Magazines $628.00 798681513482 320CA-45-BSS Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, SLITE Night Sights, (2) 10rd Magazines $713.00 Full Size MEDIUM Grip Module, 1913 Picatinny Rail (Small & Large Grip Modules available separately) 798681506019 320F-9-B Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, Contrast Sights, 17rd Magazine $628.00 798681474295 320F-9-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 9mm, SLITE Sights, 17rd Magazine $713.00 798681506026 320F-40-B Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, 14rd Magazine $628.00 798681474301 320F-40-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 40 S&W, SLITE Sights, 14rd Magazine $713.00 798681506033 320F-357-B Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, Contrast Sights, 14rd Magazine $628.00 798681511419 320F-357-BSS Black Nitron Finish, 357 SIG, SLITE Sights, 14rd Magazine $713.00 798681513451 320F-45-B Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, Contrast Sights, (2) 10rd Magazines $628.00 798681513468 320F-45-BSS Black Nitron Finish, .45ACP, SLITE Night Sights, (2) 10rd Magazines $713.00
The good news is that if you're just looking at part numbers, the part numbers used in 2014 for the P2014 P320 Carry are essentially converting to the 2015 P320 Compact. If you see a part number starting with 320ca- you know that it is the 2015 version.
P320 Mags and Grip Shells
Adding to the confusion of the naming scheme change, you'll need to pay close attention when ordering magazines or grip shells.
We can assume that Sig will introduce another grip shell matching the 2015 Carry grip shell so that those with a 2014 Carry can convert their pistol (or you can use a MAG-MOD-C-9-17-X / MAG-250C-9-17-X which is a full size mag with an X-Grip adapter closing the gap).
If you're buying a 2015 P320 Carry, that firearm (firearm part number starting with 320CA-) will accept full size mags. The part numbers start with MAG-MOD-F-.
If you have a P2014 P320 Carry (firearm part number starting with 320C-) you'll use MAG-MOD-C- prefix part numbers.
It is also worth noting that the P250 mags will work in the appropriate size P320. So a Full Size P250 mag is essentially the same as MAG-MOD-F-, a Compact P250 mag is the same as MAG-MOD-C-, and the P250 SubCompact mag is the same as MAG-MOD-SC-.
We will try to make a new video in the near future explaining these changes in detail and we will try to illustrate the correct mags for each pistol variation.
Questions?
This is confusing stuff. Do you still have questions? Leave a comment below!
Twitch and Shout: Is Twitch's New Muting Policy Consistent with Fair Use? A Comparison of Sports and E-Sports
Monday's announcement that Amazon would acquire Twitch for $1.1 billion was preceded several weeks ago by the gaming platform's announcement that it would mute the audio streams of archived videos, due to unlicensed music. Among other gaming activities, Twitch allows users to watch both live and archived streams of other people playing video games. (According to Amazon's press release, in July 2014, “more than 55 million unique visitors viewed more than 15 billion minutes of content on Twitch produced by more than 1 million broadcasters, including individual gamers, pro players, publishers, developers, media outlets, conventions and stadium-filling esports organizations.”) Twitch's decision to use Audible Magic to identify and mute unauthorized in-game and ambient music in the streams of archived material was cited as evidence that Twitch was putting its copyright house in order prior to acquisition by a larger Internet company. The decision also was criticized as an example of what was wrong with our copyright system.
The Twitch muting policy applies to archives of both full streams and highlights clips. The policy raises interesting fair use questions particularly in the highlights context.The muting of music in the highlights resembles the Fourth Circuit's troubling 2010 decision in Bouchat v. Baltimore Ravens. For the past 17 years, Frederick Bouchat has been enmeshed in litigation with the Ravens and the National Football League over the “Flying B” logo, which the Ravens used for their first three seasons. Prior to the Ravens' first season in 1996, Bouchat had submitted a drawing of a logo to the chairperson of the Maryland Stadium Authority, and a jury found that the Ravens had infringed the copyright in the drawing. A separate jury, however, awarded Bouchat no damages. After the infringement finding, the Ravens changed their logo, adopting the current “Raven Profile” logo. Of course, the Ravens could not remove the infringing logo from the historical record: it still persists in archival footage and photographs.
More recently, Bouchat has litigated over the use of such archival photographs and film of games in which the Ravens players had worn helmets with the infringing Flying B logo. In the 2010 decision, the Fourth Circuit found that the inclusion of footage showing the Flying B logo in season highlights films was not fair use, but that the Ravens' display of the logo in images in its corporate lobby was. The Fourth Circuit rejected the fair use defense with respect to the highlights films primarily on the grounds that the use was not transformative. The Fourth Circuit held that the logo's original use was as an on-field identifier. The logo served the same purpose in the highlights films; it allowed viewers to distinguish the two teams.
Judge Niemeyer wrote a sharp dissent, arguing that the
game highlights are historical and biographical, and the Ravens' only purpose in displaying the Flying B Logo now is to recount and recall that history…The incidental and necessary display of the Flying B Logo in connection with these items is totally transformative of the use of the Flying B Logo–changing from its use as the symbol identifying the Ravens' franchise to its use as an incidental and necessary part of history.
Judge Niemeyer's dissent applies squarely in the Twitch context. Music is used in original playing of the game to help establish a certain atmosphere; it contributes to the gamer's overall entertainment experience. In contrast, the music appears in the highlights of the game to document rather than to entertain; the music is an “incidental and necessary part of the history” of the playing of the game. Highlights of the game without the music would be an incomplete and inaccurate depiction of what happened during the featured parts of the game.
The muting of the audio stream will distort the depiction of the game in another way. The entire audio stream will be muted, not just the unauthorized music detected by Audible Magic. This means that the gamer's real-time communications with fellow players, including comments, trash-talking, and jokes, will be lost.
Interestingly, the most recent decision in the Bouchat saga, issued in December 2013, actually supports the view that fair use allows the streaming of the music with the highlights. (This decision was the subject of a DisCo post that stressed the irony of a major rights holder, the National Football League, relying on fair use with support of the amicus Motion Picture Association of America.) The 2013 decision concerned the appearance of the Flying B logo in footage included in films about the best and worst draft picks, and in a video about former Ravens star Ray Lewis. The Fourth Circuit found that these uses were transformative because “these videos used the Flying B as part of the historical record to tell stories of past drafts, major events in Ravens history, and player careers.”
The 2013 decision also included great language on the importance of allowing the incidental use of copyrighted works in documentaries.
Were we to require those wishing to produce films and documentaries to receive permission from copyright holders for fleeting factual uses of their works, we would allow those copyright holders to exert enormous influence over new depictions of historical subjects and events. Such a rule would encourage bargaining over the depiction of history by granting copyright holders substantial leverage over select historical facts.
Unfortunately, the 2013 panel defended the reasoning of the 2010 decision. It stood by the notion that the Flying B logo served as an identifier in the highlight films. It distinguished the more recent films about draft picks and Ray Lewis on the basis that these “videos used the historical footage to tell new stories and not simply rehash the seasons….” The 2013 panel also stressed that the Flying B logo was used “only fleeting and insignificantly” in the recent videos, while it “featured substantially, again and again, in the season highlight films.”
These arguments are unconvincing. First, encapsulating a season that lasts six months in a short film is telling a new story. Assembling highlight clips from a game with numerous levels that can last many hours also is telling a new story. The extraction of essential facts is a critical part of writing history.
Second, if an accurate telling of that new story requires the repeated display of a logo, or another copyrighted work, that is in Judge Niemeyer's words a “necessary and incidental part of history.” For example, many of the protests last week in Ferguson, Missouri occurred near a McDonald's. A documentary about the protests might include repeated display of the McDonald's logo. Surely the documentary filmmaker shouldn't have to airbrush history to appease McDonald's sensibilities.
To be sure, accurately documenting a video game or a football season may not rise to the same level of social utility as accurately documenting a series of political protests. Nonetheless, precedents established in the context of football season highlights could be applied in other contexts. Hopefully, future courts will more closely follow the holdings in the 2013 Bouchat decision than in the 2010 decision.
Perhaps these uncertainties figured into Twitch's decision to mute the music on streams of highlights clips and not vigorously assert fair use. As Twitch's CEO Emmett Shear said with frustration in an “Ask Me Anything” interview with the website Reddit, “I don't like the laws, I don't think they're well designed, but they're the laws and we have to live with it.” This is an unfortunately common fact of life in user-generated media: uncertainty leads to conservative legal strategies. Over time, conservatism about uses that are likely fair leads to more demands that more (arguably fair) uses must be licensed. As Pat Aufderheide and Peter Jaszi have written, “fair use is like a muscle; unused, it atrophies, while exercise makes it grow.”
At the same time, one shouldn't be too hard on Twitch. It is continuing to stream live games with the music unmuted, meaning that Twitch still likely relies on fair use. Moreover, the marketplace for online platforms like Twitch is sufficiently competitive; if Twitch's competitors think they can better thread the needle between mitigating copyright risks and serving their user base, they have ample opportunity to try.
A transgender customer at an Urban outfitter was turned away from using the women's changing room at a Los Angeles store.
Nicholas Gorham, who identifies as a gender-fluid trans person, was shopping with a female friend when they went to try on women's clothing in the women's changing room. The attendant immediately led Gorham's friend to a room, but started to take Gorham to a separate area.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“She could feel the awkwardness and offered: ‘Well the thing is there are young girls over there so I can't really…' ” Gorham, a New York-based actor and performance artist, recalls in a post for Mic. “‘Uh, OK,' I replied, ‘Well, I'm trans.' “
“‘I know,' they said. ‘It's just that it's the policy.' “
The attendant then agreed to give Gorham a changing room in the women's area, but at the opposite end from their friend on the very edge.
“It just felt like a huge slap in the face to the entire trans and queer community and all the progress that's been made over the last years,” Gorham tells PEOPLE. Unlike New York City, where people can use whichever bathroom or changing room best fits their gender identity, Los Angeles has yet to pass a law of that nature.
Nicholas Gorham Walt Cessna
Gorham, who is most comfortable with the pronouns they or she, says they felt tongue-tied in the moment.
“I felt quite paralyzed by the whole experience and wasn't thinking clearly enough to make those subtler points,” they say. “That's one of the problems with this kind of public situations, it's embarrassing to be put in a position like that and our society teaches us not to ‘make a scene' so it becomes a constant assessment of how much to stand up for yourself and how much to let slide.”
Gorham contacted Urban Outfitters about the incident, but says their reply was a “pretty unsatisfactory response to all of this.”
“They've said they are sorry that I felt ‘uncomfortable' which, in my view, is a pretty laughable response. At this point, they seem to be taking it as a relatively mild issue,” Gorham says.
OK Urban Outfitters, good to know! pic.twitter.com/DkC9MPJght — Nicholas Gorham (@NicholasGorham) September 10, 2016
In the meantime, Gorham is finding comfort from others.
“I've received a tremendous outpouring of support from both friends and strangers alike,” Gorham says. “There's been some hate hurled at me on Twitter, but I've been able to let it roll off my back. Blocking people is a big help.”
RELATED VIDEO: Eddie Redmayne on Conversation Surrounding Trans Community: ‘It's a Civil Rights Movement'
“I have a very tight knit creative family at ‘the Studio' where I study acting and they have all rallied with their undying support. My coach and mentor at the Studio, Brad Calcaterra, very often discusses cyberbullying and our personal responsibility as artists to come at situations positively and not indulge in the other stuff.”
And Gorham hopes to address the issue again with Urban Outfitters.
“I hope to talk with them more about it and come to a resolution that everyone's happy with,” Gorham says. “I see no great benefit in going on a negative attack and hopefully they will come around and agree that a respectful dialogue is best. I think that's the best way to achieve real lasting growth in our world.”
In a statement to PEOPLE, Urban Outfitters said their fitting rooms are gender neutral and that the store did not follow official protocols:
“We take all customer feedback seriously and were very surprised and concerned that our official protocols were not followed in one of our stores.
Our fitting rooms are gender neutral and open to our customers who are trying on our products. We apologize and deeply regret this shopper did not have a positive experience and are looking into why our policies were not followed. Furthermore, we do not endorse any laws that discriminate against the LGBTQ community, and we have supported charities that are actively fighting the anti-LGBTQ HB-2 law in North Carolina. Again, we will immediately determine how and why our policy was not followed consistently and we regret any uncomfortable experience our valued shopper may have had.”
Sandra Hüller in Toni Erdmann.
Much of the digital conversation around cinematic nude scenes generally has to do with sex, and how uncomfortable the actors felt to be naked or nearly naked on set. Did the actor have to get drunk to go through with their sex scene with their very handsome married co-star? Did the fake genitalia used in a scene actually make the actors feel more comfortable being naked? It's naturally difficult for viewers (not to mention the censors) to separate nudity from a sexual context, and there's no movie this year that exploits our discomfort with nudity for comedic effect better than Maren Ade's Toni Erdmann.
The bizarre, meandering, and often uproariously cringeworthy German-language film centers on the relationship between aging prankster father Winifried (Peter Simonischek) and their tightly wound consultant daughter Ines (Sandra Hüller). Hurt by Ines's indifference to their paternal affection and shooed out of their Bucharest apartment after they visit them on a whim, Winifried decides to inject their daughter's joyless life with some fun by infiltrating Ines's work and social circles in Bucharest as a bizarre prankster alter ego, whom they dub Toni Erdmann.
Much of the film plays out like a strange cat and mouse game of familial button pushing, in which both father and daughter see how far they can go in irritating each other. But somewhere along the way, amid a deluge of presentations and contentious meetings, something in Ines begins to change as they slowly warm to their father's often disastrous but well-meaning attempts at levity.
While a more traditional film about an uptight daughter and their freewheeling father might instead culminate with an argument and a maudlin display of reconciliation, Toni Erdmann's climax, which involves some truly uncomfortable displays of nudity, is far hairier. Exhausted by the demands of their job and their father's pranks, Ines reaches an emotional breaking point while hosting an extravagantly catered birthday brunch for herself. After struggling to get changed into a cocktail dress while the doorbell rings for what seems like hours, Ines breaks: Suddenly, they decide to ditch clothes altogether and answers the door naked.
“She doesn't really have a plan at all,” Hüller told Vulture recently while explaining the scene. After telling their smug ex-pat friend, the first to arrive, that nudity is mandatory at the brunch, Ines watches stone-faced as the woman, refusing to strip down, leaves in astonishment. “It's not a decision to make the party a naked party, the decision is to open the door naked and that's the first thing,” Hüller continues. “Then they have a lot of [opportunities] to change [course] but they don't. They decide over and over again to go one step further.” It's a master class in comic escalation.
A few minutes later, the co-workers arrive. Them boss, Gerald, is stunned, and leaves immediately. The jackass she's been hooking up with is convinced it's a prank, and refuses to enter. But their devoted young assistant Anca is so stunned by Ines's conviction that they nervously strip down and joins them inside. Then their boss comes back: He's decided to go through with it, too. In the apartment, they sheepishly cover their penis while trying and failing to make small talk over wine and canapés, utterly perplexed by the fact that they have for some reason agreed to get naked in their underling's living room.
Gerald's reaction underscores what makes this scene so unique. Not only is it hilarious — though it is, and I won't even mention the final comic beat, which is excellent — but it's the rare scene where onscreen nudity (both male and female) isn't used to titillate, but is instead used to underscore the characters' vulnerability and confusion. Taking a page from Toni's playbook, Ines has discovered that they can use performance, in this case the contrast between their steely demeanor and stark nudity, to put others in a compromising position. It's the ultimate power play, and yet while we're used to seeing Ines scheming to get ahead in the corporate world, this stunt, for obvious reasons, is riskier; the only reason they pull it off is because they act like they have nothing to lose. In a film that's all about loosening up, it's the freest we ever see them
Vim as your IDE Tweet
To follow this article the reader should at least have a basic idea of how to use Vim and its command modes. Or if you are new to Vim, you can read my first blog to know how I came in to Vim and its fundamental differences with other editors.
Here I'm trying to explain how to make the Vim more productive by adding some extra features through Vim plugins. After this setup the Vim would have most of the features that a modern IDE offers. I'm a python developer so this Vim setup is a little inclined to python side. But I'm including general plugins only to make it suitable for most of the programming languages.
The installation and configuration setups are being described at the end, if you want to take a look at it, go here Setup Vim from Scratch.
Update on Dec-18-2017 The plugin and vim environment got new changes. I captured it on a separate blog (https://haridas.in/vim-upgrade-2017.html). Please follow new blog entry now on. Support for vim environment specified in this blog entry is deprecated now.
The basic Vim or Vi installation comes with most of the Gnu/Linux machines are more than enough for good productive works. And Vim has plugin structure, so we can extend the Vim through plugins. The plugins further improve the productivity and reduces a lot of key strokes.
The Gnu/Linux's Console or Terminal based Vim has some limitation to show good fonts and colors. So you have to install GTK version of the Vim(Gvim). Gvim gives you all the good looking features to your Vim. Just take a look at my Konsole and GTK Vim screen shots.
Vim on KDE Konsole
Gvim Here is the list of plugins that I have been configured on my Vim. It includes good color theme also. All of this Vim setup are there on my Github project. Towards the end I described how to make use of my Github project to get all of this features on your Vim. Before that first understand the functionalities and use case of different plugins and then we can go to the installation step. UPDATE (16/June/2013):- After using GVIM for a while, I came back to the Konsole itself since it's more convenient for me. But one problem with terminal is that it only support 256 colors. But don't need to worry actually it's more than enough. On the command mode of the vim run this command to enable 256 colors - ":set t_Co=256". Actually this special setting is not required for the default themes, but if we are using new themes with more colors and font settings then those themes may not work properly on the terminal mode. So these settings will make sure that it will work even though it will degrade the features gracefully. My .vimrc has been updated with these changes so you will get it from github. Topics Plugins MinibuferExplorer. Command-t. Syntastic. Snipmate. Fugitive. NerdTree. Nerdcommenter. Rope. Tagbar. SimplePairs. Others.
Setup Vim from Scratch
Some Vim Shortcuts
Summary A Side Note In my .vimrc file, I disabled the use of arrow keys in the Vim command mode. That was forced me to learn the Vim classic hjkl arrow keys, it really worked for me. Now I don't required the key board arrow keys any more even in Vim editing mode. If you want to change this behaviour, just remove below sections from my .vimrc file. Similarly, you can just go through my .vimrc file to see other options, I tried to document my .vimrc file as much as possible. You can play around with it to make it suitable for you.
1. MinibuferExplorer (File Tabs) This is like Tabs on other IDE's. We can see the opened files on vim using this plugin. By default, we have to use :ls to see opened buffers. So this plugin makes it very convenient to view the opened files as a tab. Vim has slightly different concept about the Tabs compared to other IDE's. Vim has support for tabs by default. That tab is different from the normal IDE's Tab. Actually the difference is that the vim tabs are a collection of opened buffers(or files.). So we can consider it as a group of tabs in other IDE context. But most of the time we only requires one vim tab and set of opened buffers(files.). The MinibuferExplorar will help you to see those opened buffers as a virtual tab. See the screen shot below. You can use CTRL + h/j/k/l or CTRL + w to navigate around the different split windows and the mini buffer Explorer. To open a hidden buffer on a vertical split window, just go to the MinibuferExplorer and pick a file buffer(You can use normal hj keys to move horizontally on MiniBufferExplorer) then press v . Or Press s to open the buffer or file on a horizontal split window. Back to Topics
2. Command-t (File Search) Very awesome plugin for Vim. Which help us to search files very quickly. To get better speed it was implemented in C. To install this plugin you need one extra compilation of this plugin because of C code. Don't worry I explained this in the setup section. Once we have enabled this plugin you can see the search list using your <leader> + t . I'm using my leader key as , (Comma), so for me the command will looks like ,t (comma + t). Normally the leader key is "\" on your default Vim comes with your Distro. You can change this setting in .vimrc file. Actually the leader key provides a extension to use all the keys in the keyboard as your own shortcuts. This leader key is activated in the normal mode of the vim. Command-t only list all opened buffers by typing ,b in normal mode. It's very useful if we opened lot of files on your Vim. Back to Topics
3. Syntastic (Syntax Checker) Another very useful plugin for all programming languages. This plugin will help you to keep the syntax of a program correct -- like auto correct in other IDE's. This package is a general one so we can expand it very easily by support for new languages. By default it supports a lot of programming languages. So this plugin is a must one for Vim. For example, if you are editing a RST file (All my blog posts are in reStructured Text format) and you made some syntax errors in it and then you saved it, after the save operation the Syntastic Plugin will check for any syntax errors on your file automatically and show you the location of the error and its reason very neatly. Take a look at a portion of the rst file of this blog post. I made a syntax error in the image tag, Similarly Synstastic will help you to follow the standard coding methods defined by different programming communities. For eg; Python code has PEP8 standard, so while writing the python code, if we are not following it, Synstastic will show you the errors. After a while you would learn the PEP8 standard without any extra work :). Back to Topics
4. Snipmate (Code Templates) A simple way to avoid typing some repetitive sequence of codes. For example, in python, we initialize a class by typing class keyword, name, etc... Instead of doing all this drama, we can just populate the default set of class structure from snipmate by typing cl <tab>. Try out it by opening a python test file. The Snimpate plugin provide a lot of such shortcuts for different programming languages. We can also define our own snippets. For web developers it would be very easy if we have snippets for <table>, <div> tag completions. By default Snipmate does have support for different html tags. Please check the snippets folder( ~/.vim/bundle/snippets/ ) to see all available snippets for a particular language or markup. More examples; vim test.py #!/bin/python cl After typing cl press tab and see the magic of full class structure. Similarly you can define your own snippets. For eg; for <tab> to expand the for statement of your language. Back to Topics
5. Fugitive (Git) This plugin is for git repository management inside Vim itself. It provides set of short commands, that we can directly use in the Vim command mode to see and do the git related operations. We don't need to go outside the editing environment to manage those stuffs. Also it has very nice git diff view inside vim itself, it is very nice to use. To see all available git commands under this plugin just type :G<tab> , Provided the current path is under git. Back to Topics
6. NerdTree (File Browser) This will display your project directory structure in tree format. It provides a lot of shortcuts to navigate through the source tree easily. It is a common Plugin required for an IDE. Check the below image to see how it looks like. Shortcuts - I mapped the following keys in .vimrc file to show and hide the Nerdtree when ever required. You can re-map this to your own choice. To open and close the Nerdtree press CTRL + n. Also you can see other available commands for this plugin by typing, ESC + :NERD <tab> Back to Topics
8. Rope Rope is a special Plugin for Python project navigation. Most of the IDE's have similar feature to see the definition of a function or class by clicking on it or via some shortcut keys. By default, if we open a Python project in Vim it won't have support for this feature. When we're trying to use this feature first time, the Rope will prompt you to create a Ropeproject under current directory. And keep the configurations specific to Rope Project in ./.ropeproject folder under current directory. The Plugin helps us to create the settings easily, after that we can use this plugin to view definition of all functions or classes comes under the rope project path. In my Vim I mapped the <leader>j to :RopeGotoDefinition. For eg. import os import sys Keep your cursor on top of the os and press the <leader>j or type :RopeGotoDefinition, Vim will take you into the os file from the system path Similarly we can go to definitions of any python entity comes under the Rope path settings. You can update the Rope settings for this python project from ./.ropeproject/config.py file. This plugin also required for the modern IDE feature list. :) Back to Topics
9. Tagbar (Class Browser) This plugin is similar to the NerdTree, but instead of listing project directory structure it lists the objects and functions names inside a file. Like Class browser in other IDE's. I mapped <leader>l to open tagbar and same combination to close it also. Back to Topics
10. Simple Pairs. This is a simple plugin to auto complete single quote, double quote, parentheses. This is a very handy to save few key presses. Back to Topics
This video might be the most clever way to raise money for dogs in need, because all you need to do is watch it.
"Just by watching these puppies, you're raising money for dogs in need," says the narrator in the video above. "You see, if a video goes viral, YouTube shares the money they made from advertising with whoever made the video, and in this case, every dollar we earn will go toward feeding, treating and finding homes for dogs who haven't been as lucky as us."
The video comes from The Pedigree Adoption Drive, and ends by imploring viewers to share because the more views received, the more money will be raised.
So share this video. You know, for the dogs.
If you need more convincing, just look at these faces!
Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones is scrubbing online content pushing the false and dangerous conspiracy theory that Hillary Clinton's campaign trafficked children through a D.C. pizzeria. A man who recently entered the pizzeria with a rifle and fired shots reportedly shared a piece of Jones' content before the shooting; the video they shared is still on the website.
Jones is a radio host who has claimed that the government perpetrated the 9/11 attacks and the tragedies at Columbine, Oklahoma City, Sandy Hook, and the Boston Marathon. Jones has also repeatedly accused the Clintons of murder. They have been elevated from the fringes to the mainstream by President-elect Donald Trump, who appeared on their show and praised their “amazing” reputation. Trump adviser Roger Stone is also a regular Jones guest and contributor.
Jones and their Infowars website have promoted the false conspiracy theory dubbed "pizzagate," which alleges that top Clinton associates such as campaign chair John Podesta are trafficking children through the Comet Ping Pong restaurant.
The false claims took a dangerous turn when Edgar Maddison Welch fired an assault rifle inside the pizzeria because they were trying to “self-investigate” the conspiracy theory. FBI special agent Justin Holgate stated in a criminal complaint that Welch said they sent a video on the night of December 1 with the message “Watch PIZZAGATE: The Bigger Picture on YouTube” to a friend before the shooting:
“Pizzagate: The Bigger Picture” is the headline Infowars used for a December 1 article -- still online -- promoting a video from Infowars producer Jon Bowne that pushes the pizzagate conspiracy theory. Jones tweeted the headline on December 1. The headline was also used on YouTube by a non-Infowars accounts to promote the Infowars video.
Welch also told The New York Times that they listen to Jones, and they reportedly liked Infowars on Facebook.
Jones and Infowars appear to be scrubbing commentary about pizzagate. Jones' YouTube channel posted a November 23 video headlined “Pizzagate Is Real: Something Is Going On, But What?” The video has since “been removed by the user,” though it's not clear when.
The video has been re-uploaded or re-upped by other toxic conspiracy theorists (some of whom speculated about why Jones deleted it). During the video, Jon Bowne states that Clinton allies are “using a code to communicate child sex trafficking as casually as ordering a pizza.” The video then states that Comet Ping Pong “may be competing for the lucrative Washington, D.C., pedophile market right out in the open.”
Jones promoted the video on their Facebook account but has since deleted the post. Infowars also deleted a November 27 article by Bowne that promoted the video.
While Jones has removed content related to pizzagate, their website still contains false articles promoting the conspiracy theory. For instance, Kit Daniels posted a November 5 piece headlined “Law Enforcement Begs World: Read Hillary Emails To Find Child Rape Evidence; Hillary Linked To Child Sex Ring, Emails Suggest.” The article suggested that John Podesta was potentially involved in “child molestation” and “child pornography” because their hacked email account contained “strange” references to “pizza”:
Jones has been attempting to distance themselves from their clear promotions of pizzagate. Yet Jones' own content -- scrubbed or otherwise -- proves that they can't run away from it.
*This post has been updated for clarity.
Download the MP3 audio version of this story here, or sign up for The Explainer's free daily podcast on iTunes .
Singer James Brown died of congestive heart failure on Monday, a day after being admitted to a Georgia hospital with pneumonia. President Gerald Ford died the day after; they had battled pneumonia earlier this year, and their health then rapidly declined. What makes pneumonia so dangerous for old people?
It makes them more vulnerable to other problems. Because of its rapid onset and ability to spread to other parts of the body (as opposed to a stroke or heart attack), pneumonia can be lethal. Even a milder case deals a severe blow to your immune system, which can turn an underlying condition like heart disease into a life-threatening malady. Since older people often have these additional problems, any sort of pneumonia can have dangerous complications. James Brown's cause of death was officially listed as congestive heart failure, but their pneumonia had likelyweakened their immune system and either aggravated an underlying condition or caused their heart to fail on its own. In general, the more health problems someone has, the more likely it is that a case of pneumonia will turn out to be deadly.
The elderly are also less likely to notice they have pneumonia until it's too late. Younger patients will visit their doctor with symptoms like chills, shortness of breath, and chest pain, but elderly sufferers are often asymptomatic. This is because their immune response is already in a somewhat weakened state. For instance, younger people cough up sputum when congested, the body's natural way of clearing out the lungs. (It's unpleasant, but it is also a healthy response.) People tend to lose lung capacity as they age, which makes it harder for them to cough productively. As a result, they might build up a large amount of sputum without becoming symptomatic. Similarly, elderly patients are less likely to notice the symptoms they do have, since they're so used to feeling ill.
When left untreated, pneumonia is deadly; it's considered by the medical community to be as serious as a heart attack. After pus forms in the alveoli, it can spread to the bloodstream, the pleural cavity, or into implanted medical devices, such as a replaced valve or pacemaker.
Even if doctors do spot the disease in an elderly patient, it's often difficult to administer the necessary antibiotics. A younger person might be cured by taking azithromycin for seven to 10 days. But the ability of the kidneys and the liver to metabolize medications changes as we age: Older people are more susceptible to stomach upset and more sensitive to dosage. Many elderly people are also on a cocktail of medications for their other ailments, further vexing prescription.
Why do the elderly get the disease so often in the first place? They're commonly undernourished; without the proper nutrients, they have a harder time warding off illness. And even the most pristine nursing homes can be playgrounds for germs, with little access to fresh air. Combine stagnant air with weakened immune systems, and pneumonia is quick to spread.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanksRobert Schreiber of Hebrew Senior Life and Carol Kaplun of Iona Senior Services.
The U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization has added the Tone River basin north of Tokyo and a mountain range in the country's southwest to its list of biosphere reserves, the government learned Wednesday.
As of March last year, 669 areas in 120 countries were designated as biosphere reserves — areas for harmonizing environmental preservation and human activity — by the U.N. organization, of which seven are in Japan.
They are separate from UNESCO world natural heritage sites, with Japan calling them “UNESCO eco parks.”
The eco park covering the uppermost reaches of the Tone River, one of the longest rivers in Japan, is located in the town of Minakami in Gunma Prefecture and some municipalities in Niigata Prefecture. It is an area that has recorded some of the world's heaviest snowfalls.
The registered area totals about 90,000 hectares, over 90 percent of which is forest and is home to rare species of animals such as the golden eagle. The Tone River is also a popular rafting destination.
The other eco park added to the UNESCO list is a 240,000-hectare area that encompasses Mount Sobo, Mount Katamuki and Mount Okue in Oita and Miyazaki prefectures on the island of Kyushu.
The area is known for its vertical cliffs and beautiful valleys, as well as its Japanese serows, which are designated as a special national treasure.
Biosphere reserves comprise three interrelated zones — the strictly protected core area, a buffer zone used for environmental education and recreation, and a transitional zone aimed at developing a community in harmony with nature.
The latest decision was reached at a gathering in Paris.
Biosphere reserves already located in Japan include the Southern Alps mountain range that straddles Yamanashi, Nagano and Shizuoka prefectures and Yakushima Island in Kagoshima Prefecture.
