WASHINGTON — The Federal Trade Commission assessed an $800,000 penalty on Tuesday against Spokeo, a data collector that the commission said violated federal law by compiling and selling people's personal information for use by potential employers in screening job applicants.
The action is the F.T.C.'s first case addressing the sale of Internet and social media data for use in employment screening.
Spokeo, of Pasadena, Calif., agreed to settle the civil charges without admitting that they were true. The trade commission said that Spokeo violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act by marketing its consumer profiles without making sure that they would be used for legal purposes, failing to ensure their accuracy and neglecting to tell consumers of its own responsibilities under federal law.
The F.T.C. also charged that Spokeo created fake endorsements of its service and posted those comments on news and technology Web sites and blogs. The commission said the comments were made up by Spokeo's own employees.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The trade commission generally does not have the ability to assess fines, but it can assess penalties for violations of certain laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Sociologist Harry Collins is interviewed in American Scientist on their fascinating mission to find out what we need to do to be considered an expert and what different types of expertise exist.
Collins has spent many years studying how science works. Not how it is supposed to work, through experiments and falsification and gradual knowledge building, but how it actually works, through social networks, economics and traditions.
They studied physicists who research gravitational waves and realised they were able to have in-depth conversation with gravitational wave theorists even though they couldn't run the equipments or do the maths. As most expertise plays out in conversation, how much of an expert was he?
Collins and their colleagues wanted to test the difference between tacit knowledge, what we can do without being able to explain, and explicit knowledge, so they devised some fascinating experiments to see if people could tell the difference.
One ingenious experiment involved testing whether people could tell the difference between a colour blind person and normally sighted version from just talking to them about colour. It turns out, they can't.
Technical decision-making is often a matter of debating in committees and the like, so the way expertise works itself out in conversation was always going to be a central concern. We decided to use the forerunner of the “Turing test”‚Äîthe “imitation game”‚Äîto see whether one kind of expert could be distinguished from another in conversational tests. In the imitation game, a judge asks open-ended questions of, say, a full-blown expert and someone with interactional expertise only, without knowing who is who. The judge tries to tell the difference. In the best-known of the experiments we did in Cardiff, color-blind people were found to be indistinguishable from color perceivers, and we argued this was because the former had been immersed in the language of the latter all their lives.
As a result of this project, the research team have created a ‘periodic table' of different types of expertise and how they manifest themselves.
Collins' research is also discussed in an interview for this month's Scientific American and many of their publications on expertise are available on their website.
Link to American Scientist interview.
Link to Scientific American interview.
Link to Collins' expertise publications.
'Shahs' Star Jessica Parido Mike Can Keep Their Money ... And the Stupid Diamond
'Shahs of Sunset' Star: Mike Shouhed Can Keep Their Money and the Stupid Diamond
EXCLUSIVE
"Shahs of Sunset" star Jessica Parido wants to wash their hands clean of husband Mike Shouhed, and she's willing to give back their 4.5 carat rock to do it.
Sources close to Jess tell us when they walked out on Mike in August they left with only two small bags and their engagement ring ... worth around $200k. They left behind their two dogs and their wardrobe (mostly purchased by Mike) because they want nothing to do with them or theirs money.
Although the box for spousal support was checked on the divorce docs -- we're told it was a mistake on their lawyer's part ... since Jessica doesn't want a dime.
Jess and Mike were only married for 4 months when they walked out. As for the wedding gifts ... that might have to be sorted out in court, since they haven't yet discussed what to do with them. They haven't even sent 'thank you' notes yet!
We're told their split will be featured on the next season of 'Shahs.'
Reliance Industries Ltd Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Thursday made a number of big announcements for Reliance Jio users. Ambani announced that users will get free data and voice services on the Jio mobile platform free until March 31, 2017, up from an earlier deadline of December 31, 2016.
Ambani announced 'Jio Happy New Year Offer' during a press conference in Mumbai. After garnering a lot of attention from their rock-bottom pricing, Ambani's Reliance Jio has crossed the 50 million subscriber mark in less than three months.
Here are the 20 big announcements made by Mukesh Ambani:
1. Get a Jio SIM home-delivered and activated in 5 minutes through eKYC.
2. Starting 4 December 2016, every new Jio user will get Jio's Data, Voice, Video and the full bouquet of Jio applications absolutely FREE, till 31 March 2017, We are calling this the “JIO HAPPY NEW YEAR OFFER.
3. Starting December 5 every merchant can download Jio Money Merchant Solutions. Merchants can also make supplier payments, transfer money to bank accounts and also use digital petty cash.
4. All existing users will continue to enjoy unlimited offer till December 31 and will automatically be upgraded to Jio New Year offer.
5. Call drops rates have come down from 90 percent to 20 percent. The rate will further drop to acceptable limits.
6. JioMoney is expanding its reach to millions of touch points where micro-ATMs will be deployed.
7. Under Jio Happy New Year Offer, customers will get 30 times the average usage on other networks FREE till 31 March 2017.
8. In this period Jio customers will also be able to test-drive digital recharge, billing experience, using JioMoney wallet.
9. We have recently introduced home delivery of #Jio SIMs. Get a Jio SIM home-delivered and activated in 5 minutes through eKYC.
10. In the first 3 months, Jio has grown faster than Facebook, WhatsApp or Skype
11. All users will get a new offer called Happy New Year offer with a reduced data cap of 1 GB per day. Existing users will continue to get 4 GB per day till Dec 31.
12. On Jan 1, they will be moved from the Welcome Offer to the new ‘Happy New Year' offer with the reduced data cap.
13. This will prevent a small minority of users from spoiling the user experience for the majority of users.
14. 80% of the Welcome Offer users were using 1 GB or less per day, but the other 20% were impacting service quality by their higher usage.
15. 8% of Jio towers experienced congestion during the Welcome Offer due to abnormally high usage.
16. 92% of Reliance towers have been experiencing high speeds consistently.
17. Jio will continue to work on the network to ensure that even the 8% towers that do experience congestion are also given extra capacity to ensure a flawless experience for all users.
18. Reliance Jio is delivering 4 times data as all other telecom operators combined and striving to improve it even further and live up to the expectation of every single Jio customer.
19. Reliance will continue to monitor this capacity over the past months, call block rates have come down from over 90% to nearly 20%..
20. Mukesh announced big plans to expand the Jio Money platform in India to take advantage of the new cashless ecosystem being developed by the country.
On Tuesday, the U.N.'s Special Rapporteur on the Human Rights of Migrants Francois Crepeau, told Al Jazeera the EU cannot afford to ignore the mass influx of people any longer, but fears their words will have little to no bearing on political discourse as long as domestic constituencies capitalize on popular fears about refugees to close borders.
“The political situation regarding migration and migration policies in the EU is completely out of control,” said Crepeau, who is a law professor at McGill University. “At the moment the debate is driven by fantasies and myths: ‘Migrants take jobs, change our values; we're overcrowded.'”
The war in Syria has caused the largest refugee crisis since World War I. While the comparison has prompted some introspection in destination countries — in 1914, at the beginning of the war, thousands of Belgians crossed the Dutch border to settle in Roosendaal, a village of less than 19,000 people at the time, Flemish newspaper De Standaard reported — EU policymakers are loathe to tackle the problem collectively.
This year, a record number of 340,000 refugees have entered Europe so far, and about 2,373 people have died during Mediterranean Sea crossings or jumping on trains in France to reach Great Britain. Most are fleeing conflict zones in Syria, Eritrea and Afghanistan. But gruesome tales such as those of an Egyptian man who was electrocuted on a train's roof in Paris' Gard du Nord, a Sudanese man who was crushed by a truck, or hundreds of others who have lost limbs when trying to cross the Eurotunnel at night in Calais, a French port city, have not deterred newcomers, Crepeau said.
“They are coming and they will continue to come, and there's nothing we can do about it,” they said.
Crepeau added “There is no military solution" that would stop the smugglers paid by many refugees who want to enter Europe. “All we can do is organize the flow,” they said.
One way to do that would be to devise a resettlement program that would more fairly distribute the flow of refugees according to a quota system, Crepeau said. Up to two million refugees could be resettled over the course of the next five years. Now, most of the new arrivals are in Greece, Spain, Macedonia and Italy, and Germany has announced it planned to process more than 800,000 asylum applications this year.
But one such proposal sponsored by the European Commission to more fairly distribute the burden was tabled in June when only 10 out of 26 member countries expressed support, fearing a backlash from nationalist parties such as France's National Front that campaigned on anti-immigrant sentiment.
“Mainstream parties don't have the clout to make it happen,” Crepeau said.
Another proposal would have refugees submit asylum applications closer to their countries of origin — in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey, for example, where three million Syrian refugees already live in camps — eliminating the need for dangerous travel across the Libyan desert, on the Mediterranean, or through the Eurotunnel, they said.
Such a solution would also help undercut human traffickers, who charge thousands of dollars for a ticket to Europe and a seat on rickety boats and rubber dinghies, said Leonard Doyle, a spokesperson for the International Organization of Migration (IOM).
“A whole generation of people are putting themselves in debt to be smuggled into Europe, only to be thrown out," they said. “That is a really ridiculous transfer of wealth. ... We can help people by giving them better options.”
For economic migrants, a system of stipends to establish a business in their country of origin could serve as an incentive for migrants willing to return, Doyle added.
For others, allocating work visas might be a way to temporarily find employment in Western economies, Crepeau said, adding the idea would warrant the eradication of underground labor markets, where undocumented migrants often find jobs.
But opposition to proposals facilitating immigration to the North is fierce. In Germany, where about 800,000 people are expected to request asylum this year — four times as many as in 2014 — police on Tuesday reported a suspected arson attack on a sports complex due to house about 100 refugees that went up in flames in Nauen, a town near Berlin. On Monday, another refugee shelter was burned down in Germany.
In Kos, a Greek island off the Turkish coast where thousands of refugees have entered, police forces resorted to use fire extinguishers and batons to herd a group of about 2,000 people in a concrete stadium, with no access to water or electricity.
In Hungary, where more than 100,000 migrants have crossed the border, authorities are building a fence to try and stop people from coming. The decision preceded a rush of refugees trying to cross its border Tuesday.
"If people want to come, let them come," said Crepeau, "but we need to organize it."
This is an ode to the most unique baseball player who ever lived.
That would be the inimitable Adam T. Dunn. And for the past 14 seasons, it's safe to say they have walked alone.
Then again, they have also whiffed alone. But it was that awesome proliferation of whiffs and walks, in multitudes never before witnessed, that has helped create Adam Dunn's singular ambiance in the annals of their sport.
“Here's the thing,” said Dunn's friend and former teammate Ryan Dempster. “It wasn't just the walks, and it wasn't just the strikeouts. It was also all those balls that ended up over the fence. So they might be 0-for-0, with four walks, and go up and hit a home run to win the game. Or they might be 0-for-4, with four 'punchies' [i.e., strikeouts], and go up and hit a home run to win the game. You never knew with Adam, because they were always a threat.”
Yes, they were always a threat, all right. They were a threat to go through an entire game without ever putting a ball in play. They were a threat to go through an entire game without ever hitting a ball that landed on the field they were playing on. They were a threat to hit a baseball that entered Earth's orbit. And they were a threat to make history in ways no one else ever had before him.
Then, after doing all that, said another ex-teammate, Todd Jones, “he'd be back in the clubhouse, playing Xbox and talking Texas football. ... One of the most fun teammates I ever played with.”
Adam Dunn, traded to Oakland last month, has 10 strikeouts, two homers and two walks in nine games with the A's. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
No doubt. And I think I speak for hundreds of us media types when I say Dunn was also one of the most fun players we ever covered. If you didn't come away from a conversation with that man laughing, you were taking this sport -- and yourself -- way too seriously.
So if this is it for the Big Donkey, if he's really about to retire once the Oakland A's season is, um, done, somebody needs to take a big step back and put this guy's one-of-a-kind career in its proper, historically warped perspective. And guess what? I volunteer. So get comfortable. Here we go:
Who needs leather?
Here's our first astounding Adam Dunn tidbit:
More than half the times they came to the plate in a 14-year career, the other team could have sent its fielders out to get lunch -- because their services weren't going to be required.
By that I mean that, in 51 percent of their 8,280 trips to the plate, the ball never landed on the field. No kidding. Do the math:
2,362 strikeouts
1,313 walks
462 home runs
84 hit by pitch
4,221 journeys to home plate where no fielders were needed
Now we've had a few Russell Branyans and Jack Custs who pulled that off in thousands and thousands of fewer plate appearances. But to do it in more than 50 percent of 8,000 trips to the plate? That's special. The next highest percentage in a career that long is just 46.4 percent, by Jim Thome (whose name you will hear again).
Awesome.
Last inaction hero
Then again, what made that last stellar feat possible is that, once you subtracted all those home runs, you wouldn't exactly describe the rest of Adam Dunn's at-bats as “action-packed.” Now would you?
Only four hitters in history managed to rack up more trips to the plate in which the ball never left the batter's box than Dunn did. Here they come:
Jim Thome 4,364 plate appearances (2,548 SO, 1,747 BB, 69 HBP)
Barry Bonds 4,203 PA (1,539 SO, 2,558 BB, 106 HBP
Reggie Jackson 4,068 PA (2,597 SO, 1,375 BB, 96 HBP)
Rickey Henderson 3,986 PA (1,694 SO, 2,190 BB, 98 HBP)
Adam Dunn 3,759 PA (2,362 SO, 1,313 BB, 84 HBP)
Just remember that those other four men, all of whom you may have heard of, rolled up those totals in careers that went on for many more plate appearances, from 10,313 for Thome to 13,346 for Rickey. Dunn, on the other hand, achieved all that inaction in anywhere from 2,000 to 5,000 fewer trips than they got.
The result: The ball never left the box in an incredible 45.4 percent of their visits to home plate. And yep, that would be a record, among men who came to bat as many times as they did anyhow. C'mon, of course it would.
A true story
But that record is a picturesque reflection of the fact that Dunn was the ultimate master of what we like to refer to as the Three True Outcomes (walk/strikeout/homer). They really should have patented that little expression. Or silk-screened their face onto about a billion Three True Outcomes T-shirts at least.
We actually regret to report that Dunn does not own the all-time record for the most games ever in which a hitter jammed a walk, a strikeout and a home run into the box score. Thome does (with 154 of them). But Adam Dunn has still done it 125 times. And what makes that such a cool number is that it ties them for third (behind Mark McGwire's 133) with these two names: Barry Bonds ... and Babe Ruth.
So all it will take is one more of those fabled Three True Outcome games in the next three weeks -- and Dunn can honestly say they just passed Babe Ruth.
In something or other.
Lots of trots
We could go on about their walk/strikeout fun for two weeks. But let's not minimize those 462 home run trots Adam Dunn has made, because all of those homers, added to all of those walks, resulted in way more production than he's often given credit for. So let's be sure to recognize that.
• Dunn once ripped off five seasons in a row of 40-plus homers. Only eight other men in history ever had a 40-bomb streak that long or longer. And just three have ever topped it: the Babe (7), Alex Rodriguez (6) and Sammy Sosa (6).
• But what makes Dunn's streak especially memorable (not to mention amusing) is that they had four consecutive seasons with exactly 40 homers. And who else could possibly do that? Well, according to the Sultan of Swat Stats home run historian David Vincent, no one else in history has ever had four straight seasons with any home run total higher than four. And this guy had four in a row with 40. So this might be the most Adam Dunn stat ever.
• If you're not into round numbers, you'll be delighted to know that Dunn also once had a streak of seven straight seasons with 38 homers or more. You know who else had a seven-year streak of 38-plus? That Babe Ruth guy again (from 1926-32). The only longer streak -- ever -- is nine, by Rafael Palmeiro.
• In the first six of those seasons, Dunn also walked 100 times. Want to guess how many men in history have unfurled six seasons in a row of 38-plus home runs and 100-plus walks? Precisely one. Him. For what it's worth, Barry Bonds' longest streak was five. Ruth's longest was three.
• Or let's put this another way. The only hitters ever to have any six-year stretch that matched or beat the 244 homers and 673 walks Dunn amassed from 2004-09 are (ready?) Ruth, Bonds, McGwire, Thome, Mickey Mantle and Ralph Kiner. Wait. Who?
• We should also mention that several of those home runs are what you'd call memorable. Especially a 535-foot Venus probe in 2004 that, according to eyewitnesses, exited the stadium in Cincinnati, hopped into the Ohio River, nestled itself on a piece of driftwood and then floated to the other side of the river.
“He hit it in Ohio, and it ended up in Kentucky,” laughed Dempster, their Reds teammate at the time. “Just one more thing to add to the legend that is Adam Dunn.”
The CEO of Kmart
But there's no getting around the fact that the one talent Dunn will forever be known for best -- not entirely fairly, we might add -- is their knack for doing some prodigious swinging and missing. You never needed an air conditioner when they were in town. They could air-condition the whole area code.
• They had more seasons of 140-plus strikeouts (12) than any hitter in history. (Thome is second, with 10.)
• They had almost twice as many seasons with 160-plus strikeouts (11) as anyone else in history. (Ryan Howard, with six, is the only other guy with more than four.)
• And Dunn's four seasons with at least 190 whiffs would be unprecedented if Mark Reynolds hadn't come along to match them. (All the other hitters in history have combined for five!)
• Meanwhile, who owns the exalted record for most multistrikeout games in history? Yessir. Adam Dunn, with 681.
• If we up that ante to three, you may not be shocked to learn that Dunn has accumulated more games with three punchouts or more (171) than anyone who ever lived, too.
• And who holds the record for highest strikeout rate by anyone in history who got at least 5,000 plate appearances? Yeah, Adam Dunn (with a whiff every 2.90 at-bats) would be an excellent guess.
So that's a lot of K's on the old score sheet. But the best part of all that hacking and missing was that this guy always owned up to every last K. They knew exactly what they were and who they are. They were never going to be Tony Gwynn. They never pretended to be or aspired to be. So they took responsibility for whatever they did, no matter how beautiful, no matter how ugly. And let's just say their teammates noticed.
“He never took themselves seriously, which kept them sane,” Jones said. “He knew he'd hit balls 600 feet. Then they knew he'd swing and miss for a while. Then he'd hit balls 600 feet for a while. So they never worried about either.”
But it says something special about them that Adam Dunn was also first in line to announce, “I stunk” -- as another of their ex-teammates, Aaron Boone, fondly recalled.
“Early in their career, before a day game, we were facing a certain pitcher who will remain nameless,” Boone said. “He says to me, 'If this guy gets me out today, I quit.
I told them not to say things like that, [to] 'be careful.'
“He proceeded to go 0-for-3, with two strikeouts off this starter, to which, after the third at-bat, I just smiled and raised my eyebrows. They say to me, 'He's still terrible, I'm just WORSE!'”
The sac race
We'd be remiss, finally, not to recount Tim Kurkjian's favorite Adam Dunn feat of all time -- their three-year pursuit of a mere sacrifice fly.
Yes, friends. Over the course of three seasons -- part of 2003, all of 2004 and the first half of 2005 -- this man went 1,085 plate appearances without hitting a single sacrifice fly. And they even had a 100-RBI season in the middle of it -- making them one of three players since the dawn of the modern sac-fly rule (in 1954) to have a 100-RBI season that didn't include a single SF.
You'd think that would be impossible. But Dempster has a theory.
“I think their problem,” Dempster said, “is that a lot of Adam Dunn's sacrifice flies were caught by fans. And they're not allowed to throw them to the catcher.”
Good point, actually. But there is so much more, of course. There was the season in Washington when Dunn was threatening to hit more homers than their team had wins -- and said: “That's OK with me, as long as I hit about 85 home runs.”
There was the time, in spring training a few years back, when Mike Schmidt said they couldn't understand why Dunn strikes out so much. And Dunn's totally sincere retort to that heinous affront was: “I can't, either.”
And how can we overlook their mind-boggling 2011 season with the White Sox, the one in which they somehow hit .159, bopped just 11 homers, piled up 111 more strikeouts (177) than hits (66), and managed to accumulate 42 more multistrikeout games (52) than multihit games (12)? It might be The Worst Season of Modern Times.
So the next season, Dunn appeared on our fabulous seamhead edition of "Baseball Tonight" and reported that, at one point, their wife asked them the best question of the year: “Have you ever considered hitting RIGHT-handed?”
And they were pretty sure, by the way, that they were serious. But you know what else is serious? That more people in this sport are truly sorry to see them go than you could possibly comprehend, including just about everyone who ever played with him.
“Someone needs to know,” said Todd Jones, “this isn't Dave Kingman reborn. ... He's a middle-of-the-order, back-of-the-plane, buck-stops-here guy.”
“No matter where they played, they were a guy who was a clubhouse favorite,” Dempster said. “I loved playing with him. I loved hanging with him. He's got a great sense of humor. And most of all, they cared.”
Yes, there has never been anyone quite like him, all right. And the great Adam T. Dunn has the numbers -- and the one-liners -- to prove it.
Sunday on CBS's “Face the Nation,” National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre said Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) wanted to turn the country into a “utopian world without guns.”
On bump stock regulations, LaPierre said “I think you want to tell ATF to do its job. It's an interpretive issue. And they need to get the job done. But not let Dianne Feinstein, which is what they want to do, turn this all into some Christmas tree on the Hill where they bring all their anti-gun circus, she's been trying to do for years, into this.”
They continued, “There's not a gang member in Chicago, who's gong ‘hey I'm going to get you, but first I have to go through Dianne Feinstein's background checks. It's nonsense.”
They added, “Dianne Feinstein wants this utopian world without guns. They said if I could go door to door and pick them up I would. But the fact is, in that utopian world, every time bad happens, evil happens, it is good guys with guns that stop it.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
What do you do when you have an F-16 sitting around, and want to have some blinking navigation lights? We know of exactly one way to blink a light, and apparently so does [Dr. Craig Hollabaugh]. When asked to help restore an F-16 for the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in New Mexico, [Craig] pulled out the only tool that should ever be used to blink navigation lights on an air superiority fighter.
[Craig]'s friend was working on getting an F-16 restored for the Nuclear Museum, and like anyone with sufficient curiosity, asked how hard it would be to get the navigation lights working again. [Craig] figured an Arduino would do the trick, and with the addition of a shield loaded up with a few mosfets, the nav lights on an old F-16 would come to life once again.
The board doesn't just blink lights on and off. Since [Craig] is using LEDs, the isn't the nice dimming glow you'd see turning a normal incandescent light off and on repeatedly. To emulate that, [Craig] is copying Newton's law of cooling with a PWM pin. The results are fantastic – at the unveiling with both New Mexico senators and a Brigadier General, everything went off without a hitch. You can see the unveiling video below, along with a few videos from [Craig]'s build log.
We're only two weeks removed from the College Football Playoff National Championship, but that doesn't mean we can't start looking ahead toward next season.
Alabama, which lost that thriller of a title game to Clemson, is expected to be in the playoff hunt yet again.
But for that to happen, things must change. With so many stars departing for the NFL, it's up to those staying behind to fill the void.
Here are three players whose development this offseason will be crucial to Alabama's championship aspirations:
Alabama will be counting on a big season from versatile linebacker Rashaan Evans next season, though it's unclear what their role will be. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
LB Rashaan Evans: If you've watched much Alabama football over the past few seasons, you've learned not to blink when Evans puts their hand in the dirt to rush the passer. He's an absolute blur off the edge, with the quickness and strength to ruin even the fastest quarterback's day. Just ask Deshaun Watson, whom Evans sacked twice in the national title game that finished the 2015 season. But that game, like so many during Evans' career, was one of in which they came off the bench. Up until Shaun Dion Hamilton's injury in the SEC championship in December, Evans was a role player. The Auburn native began their career as a pass-rusher at outside linebacker and then shifted inside before this season. Now, with starting middle linebacker Reuben Foster gone, along with outside linebackers Tim Williams and Ryan Anderson, it's time to see where Evans winds up during their final season at Alabama. Because with their skills and versatility, they could be a significant weapon for defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt. They could remain at inside linebacker alongside Hamilton, where they need to improve in their pass coverage. Or they could shift back outside and play a role similar to Williams', coming on mostly in passing situations. There's value in either role, and without much veteran depth at linebacker, it's a unique position they find themselves in.
DL Da'Shawn Hand: He's waited a long time for this. Hand, the former five-star prospect from Virginia, was largely used as a reserve during their first three seasons at Alabama. Though they could have gambled and turned pro after last season, they decided to return for what's likely to be their first opportunity as a full-time starter. He's played plenty, of course, appearing in 39 games, and he's played well in that time, registering seven sacks and 12 tackles for loss. But though the talent is certainly there and he's not all that green, it is fair to wonder how he'll respond to the pressure of becoming a front-line player. In 2015, they sat behind stars like Jarran Reed and A'Shawn Robinson. In 2016, it was the National Defensive Player of the Year, Jonathan Allen. Now that those standouts are gone, Hand remains as the next star in waiting on a defense built to win in the trenches. All they have to do is live up to the expectations.
QB Jalen Hurts: Grading on a curve, Hurts gets an A-plus for their regular-season work in 2016. For a first-year student, they were spectacular, producing more than 30 touchdowns on their way to earning SEC Offensive Player of the Year honors. But without a curve, and taking into account the way they played during the College Football Playoff, they were more or less good but not great. They had that same poise you can't teach and coaches covet, but they lacked polish. Their decision-making wasn't consistent, and their passing on long to intermediate throws was shaky. About 40 percent of their passes were thrown near or behind the line of scrimmage, which is at least 10 points higher than the team would like to see. Under new offensive coordinator Steve Sarkisian, that has to change. Balance needs to become the name of the game. With a full offseason on the practice field and in the film room, their accuracy and understanding of the offense must improve in order for Alabama's offense to become more multidimensional, moving beyond a scheme that relied too heavily on short passes and running the football last season.
by @marathemara
You probably remember Tavros Nitram as “that guy with the huge horns,” or “the one with no personality,” or “that troll in the wheelchair.” The beautiful thing about Tavros, though, is that all these descriptions are incomplete, and the second one is just plain wrong. I like Tavros Nitram because they are not their disability–but I feel sorry for them too, because they don't realize for a very long time that they are not their disability.
First and foremost among the things I like about Tavros: he's a huge nerd. They love fairytales and they can talk to animals. They spend their time playing Fiduspawn, the troll equivalent of Pokémon breeding; or going on FLARP adventures with Aradia, Terezi, and Vriska; or rapping with Gamzee; or watching their favorite Pupa Pan movies over and over.  They are so nerdy that they named their lusus Tinkerbull after Pan's, not even realizing that Pan's adventures, which they try to emulate in their FLARPing, are based on the life of their ancestor the Summoner. Tavros is also a powerfully nice person, but we'll talk about that later because nerdy and nice are not a combination that gets much respect on Alternia.
Tavros' quiet, nerdy life starts to go wrong when Vriska enters the picture. Vriska is trying much more intentionally to emulate their ancestor, and Mindfang's journal helps them identify Tavros as the descendant of the Summoner, who loved and later murdered Mindfang. (Incidentally, Mindfang is the Alternian movie equivalent of Captain Hook.) And so they get it into their head that Tavros should be part of their own grand life. At first they try to “train” them by dropping them into FLARP scenarios that are beyond their ability. When they try to stand up for himself, they mind-controls them into jumping off a cliff, leaving their legs paralyzed.
The longer Tavros is confined to a wheelchair, the more they build their self-image around being stuck in a wheelchair. He's patient with himself, but they stop associating their happiness with their hobbies and their friends, and starts thinking of happiness and confidence as things that come with freedom of movement. (It doesn't help that Vriska, as their server player, builds stairs all over their hive and then tries to make them apologize for the pain she's inflicted on him.) During the Game, he's happiest in their rocket chair, because they can fly and doesn't have to worry about not being able to walk, and they can commune with the local consorts and underlings to get their help solving the puzzles hidden in their planet's ancient ruins.
Before this, Tavros had become, not only to themselves but to their teammates and the reader, “that quiet guy in the wheelchair.” Now that they have legs, he's determined to prove us all wrong by challenging Vriska and righting all the wrongs she's done to him. But it's not about proving himself, or about freeing themselves from their abuser. If it were, they might have waited until they were in full control of their new legs. Instead, it's the legs, and the faith they put in them, that drive them forward. It's that faith that blinds them to the fact that he's not emotionally ready to stand up to Vriska, and to charge ahead recklessly until they turn the tables on them and murders them with their own lance.
In death, Tavros has legs and can fly, so you'd think that would make them able to move on a little and build their identity around something else. Well…it's a slow process. In the New Alpha, they get no farther than “I am Vriska's lackey”–she's sort of undone their murder by prototyping them in Jane's kernelsprite, and they feel beholden to them for that, though not so beholden that they won't subvert their wishes a little by being nice to Jake.
Ironically, since John's retcon powers were supposed to make everything better, it's Old Alpha Tavros who succeeds in becoming something other than “the disabled kid” or “Vriska's lackey.” We're not entirely sure what finally inspired them to complain aloud about Vriska's treatment of him, or to actually get up and strike out on their own, but it might have to do with the fact that they and Vriska were, very briefly, prototyped together in a kernelsprite. Their personalities may have rubbed off on each other, giving Tavros a sense of what it really means to be confident and believe that you are good and right and worthy.
This is where Tavros' perseverance and niceness pay off. Tavros brings together a whole army of ghosts just by being nice to them. Where Vriska and Aranea mind-controlled, Tavros says please, and thousands of ghosts say yes. And with their army at their back, living (afterliving?) proof that they can get things done just by being himself, this Tavros is finally able to stick it to (New Alpha) Vriska by doing something they never thought they could do.
But this Tavros is also wiser than they were before, and wiser than New Alpha Tavros currently is: he's figured out their limitations. They know he's no Summoner, and he'll never be an effective leader of an army. And he's better at figuring out who has authority and can use it well. So they give control of the army to Meenah, not to Vriska; and Meenah rewards them by fulfilling their childhood dream of becoming an imperial Cavalreaper.
So, at least in one timeline, Tavros has moved beyond equating themselves with their disability, and no longer lets themselves be defined by what Vriska has done to him. He's overcome the effects of their abuse, gained the respect of a whole army, and gotten their dream job, all by being their wonderful nice nerdy self. I hope New Alpha Tavros gets a similarly happy ending, but we'll have to wait to find out.
The CBO is out with a big new report on who gets what out of tax expenditures, the deduction, credits, and exclusions that have grown to cost the federal government hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
Here's the headline: the 10 major expenditures examined in the report cost the government $900 billion this year and will cost almost $12 trillion over the decade to come. That's more than Medicare, defense or Social Security.
So who's getting all this money? The affluent, for the most part. Nearly half of the budgetary cost of the expenditures went to people in the top income quintile, which, for a family of four, means families making over $162,800 a year pre-tax:
As a share of individuals' income, the level of benefit doesn't differ that much by class. In fact, the very poorest and the very richest each do better than those in the middle:
It's also worth noting that the kind of expenditures matters a lot in terms of who benefits. Refundable credits like the Earned Income Tax Credit or the Child Tax Credit are a huge deal for the bottom quintile, but they're basically worthless for the top one percent:
On the other hand, itemized deductions for state and local taxes, charitable contributions, and mortgage interest primarily benefit the rich*:
The same goes, unsurprisingly, for the lower rates on capital gains and dividend income:
Exclusions, or types of income that are just excluded from taxation (including, in many cases, payroll taxation) entirely, are a more mixed bag. The biggest exclusion, that for employer-provided health insurance, gives the most benefit to the bottom quintile, but the bottom 90 percent all together get about the same out of it. But the very rich don't get much at all. On the other hand, other exclusions, such that for pension contributions and earnings, tend to benefit the wealthy more:
* I can't break down the contribution by deduction, sadly, as they interact with each other; the interactions between credits and exclusions, by contrast, are minimal.
Image copyright NEIL SPENCE Image caption Andy McNab in an official publicity shot
Best-selling author Andy McNab has been appointed CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for their work promoting adult literacy.
The Bravo Two Zero author is a literacy ambassador for The Reading Agency and has written several of the charity's Quick Read titles for young adults.
They described themselves as "absolutely amazed" when they heard about the honour.
As a teenage recruit they had never read a book and says learning to read in the army changed their lives.
McNab did not perhaps get the best start in life, being found in a Harrods carrier bag on the steps of a London hospital.
They are, at one point, in juvenile detention for petty crime, and had a reading age of about 11 when they joined the army.
Military education
"All the good stuff would have never happened without the good education that I got, whether I liked it or not, in the military," they told the BBC.
They said they would never have imagined receiving an honour for their literacy work and when the envelope arrived, they thought it was a bill.
They joined the infantry in 1976 and became a member of the SAS eight years later.
By the time they left in 1993 they were the British Army's most decorated serving soldier.
They have written about their experiences in the SAS in three best-selling books, one of which, Bravo Two Zero, is the highest-selling war book of all time, according to their publisher.
They began working with the charity about eight years ago, going into prisons, army bases, workplaces and schools to give talks about their experiences, both as a soldier and as an author, and to encourage people to take up reading to boost their literacy and general education.
"I will go around and talk to anybody who is stupid enough to listen," they told the BBC.
"If you can get the parents into the habit of reading, there is a trickle down to the kids.
"A lot of businesses are really supportive of trying to get the reading skills of the workforce up."
 They are a big supporter of the charity's Six Book Challenge which aims to get adults hooked on reading.
They believe their own experiences with the criminal justice system help them connect when talking to prisoners about boosting their literacy.
"I understand what it's like and how the system works."
To date, there are 35,000 prisoners on the charity's reading schemes, they say.
They believe better literacy can boost ex-prisoners' employment chances and reduce the risk of reoffending.
"Knowledge gives you power and opportunity," they argue.
In their talks in jails, they tell inmates: "If I can do it, you can do it. All you have to do is give it a go."
Overall, some 11% of the honours have gone to people involved in education.
They include dozens of head teachers and school governors as well as academics. There is also a British Empire medal for Effie Walker, a school crossing patrol warden in Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute.
They started their job at Colgrain Primary school when it opened in 1973.
GUWAHATI: Indians! Yes, that's what our identity is. We belong to India and work in India. From a farmer to a business tycoon, everyone is working for their country in their own way.
Every zone has its importance, so does North-East. Every zone has its set of problems and so does North-East; but there is a major difference. The difference is of reaching the people for help when you are in difficulty, but whom to blame? Media? No way!
I recall an incident when a media person told me that the media industry is not your property or the property of the government that you will ask for your rights. It is a business minded industry with ambitious people who are working to earn money and be successful. I didn't understand the entire meaning back then, but now I do. I would like to break it down to you with what we, the people of North East have faced over years.
Whenever I turned on a leading national media channel, I admired how boldly many of the journalists described the pain of citizens and fought for the people of the country with the help of non-violence. I admired the national print media for bringing up issues and facts that were buried under the dust of doubt but then came a time, when I saw my own people, the people from my zone suffer.
It all began when I was fourteen years old. Almost entire Assam was flooded. My parents were worried, so was I. Thousands of people were homeless and hundreds of animals and human beings died. I switched on my television and turned to a leading news channel. It was showing how well Shahrukh Khan's movie did in the box office. I was disappointed.
The next morning was same too. No newspaper gave proper coverage to the matter. Rather what they did was amazing! The newspapers had pictures with cleavages of leading models and actores. The ‘spotted' trend was new back then. I don't remember exactly but I think it had Saif and Kareena spotted together in a party.
It was really disappointing and shocking for me to see the stereotyped way of looking at the matter. That was the first time; I was ashamed to have been a media fan. I hoped someone would report the floods devastation our people, Indian citizens, but no! I was wrong, very wrong.
But now I am more settled. I know what to expect from the big ‘national' media and what not to. The North-east, for those who don't know eight states together, get a annual media coverage of 0.2 percent and that too is not what people need to see. It is basically what they want people to see.
The entire media did a primetime show on Indrani Mukherjee and the murder mystery, but no one cared when there serial blasts in Assam in 2008, or when the Brahmaputra overflows taking away thousands of lives. Even when there was a attack in Paris, Indian media was live telecasting the incident, but when it came to the Manipur earthquake, no one cared.
I know they did cover it but how late too matters. Kashmir and Chennai got prime-time shows too, making people aware of the situation there, but the floods in Assam never got that. I feel Northeast has never been, and is is not a part of the map that the so-called national media follows. I hope it changes someday.
It moves me from deep within, as I write this. It might look harsh, but it is that bitter truth that we must accept!
I mean who would care about the people who look different. And yes they were provocative clothes too, which titillates some louts who attack and abuse people from our region even in the capital of India.
You don't keep us on your map because you love us or feel for us, but you are rather forced to do so! Other than in maps, do you even remember the names of the North-Eastern states? Have you ever tried to understand why we look the way we do? The answer is no!
You might have been thinking how I am saying such revolting and harsh things. I don't know how but I can tell you why I am saying such things! When it was the Paris attack or the Chennai floods, everyone changed their DP on Facebook to support peace and the victims. We too did the same!
But where are you now, when lakhs of people are homeless and many thousands died already! You all were bashing the celebrities for not helping Chennai but what happened now? Eighteen lakhs people are affected by floods in Assam. Bade aaye youth desh badlenge! First go and change the Atlas where north-east is not a part of India. Just think about it. You want us to be Indians, but you treat us like step progeny.
The national media thinks North East is like that child who stays in boarding school and has a relationship with its parents (India) only to meet their or their expenses. They don't share any bond other than that. The family (other states) too do not care about them.
I am very sure the media would have jumped to cover us if it could find some under clad glamour perhaps, as it likes such sexist stories. You know what, the Indian national media is just amazing! It is the media industry where a leading newspaper publishes a photograph, clicked by the paparazzi, of Kate Middleton; and where a news channel in order to get TRP exposes the name of a rape victim within a few hours of being raped. What else can we expect from such thekedaars of News? I am sure, they are waiting for cleavages of girls and women in the flood.
If that is the case, I don't want the nation to know or have a talk over it on Sunday too. At least we will have some self respect, unlike you, though we will be destroyed.
(Rishiraj Sen is an Indian novelist, poet, Content writer and Scriptwriter. They have written a novel, several hundred poems and is working with Northeast Diaries media as a scriptwriter. They have also worked as a freelancer with several print media groups and also worked with Government of Assam as a Creative writer. And they are just 15 years old, in school in Guwahat)
Dodgers' Yasiel Puig plans to dial it down, at least a little, in 2014
Yasiel Puig, whose exuberance both helped and hindered them as a rookie, intends to be more restrained at plate, in field and on bases this year.
However, Puig also acknowledges they have to be more restrained on the field, admitting they have to be smarter on the bases and learn when to hit the cutoff man rather than throw directly to the plate from right field.
Puig did that last season with a hair-raising style of play, electrifying crowds in becoming one of baseball's top draws as a rookie.
"The fans go to the stadium to enjoy themselves," Puig said in Spanish. "After work, they spend their free time watching us play. We have to do our best to entertain them."
PHOENIX — From the time they were called up to the major leagues last year, Yasiel Puig has viewed themselves as an entertainer.
With the Dodgers holding their first full-squad workout Friday, the 23-year-old Cuban outfielder and their coaches restarted the process of adding a degree of caution to their risk-taking mentality.
"To me, in order to be a bona fide superstar, you have to learn to slow the game down," hitting coach Mark McGwire said.
Manager Don Mattingly is hopeful this camp will provide Puig with that opportunity.
"It gives us an extended period of time where there aren't games on the line and we can continue to talk about different things," Mattingly said.
The Dodgers couldn't offer Puig that kind of instruction last year. They were new to the country, new to the Dodgers and determined to make their presence known to the world.
"He was just full speed," Mattingly said. "He was all forward."
With the Dodgers starting three former All-Stars in their outfield — Matt Kemp, Andre Ethier and Carl Crawford — Puig started the season with double-A Chattanooga.
Puig was promoted to the major leagues on June 3, when the Dodgers were in last place. They finished the season as division champions, with Puig's exuberance often cited as one of the primary reasons for their turnaround. They played 104 regular-season games, hitting .319 with 19 home runs and 42 runs batted in.
Asked about their favorite memory of last season, Puig mentioned several, including the grand slam they hit in their fourth game and Juan Uribe's two-run home run to win the National League division series against the Atlanta Braves.
Until last year, Puig had never sprayed teammates with champagne.
"In Cuba," they said, "we used water."
But not every memory was pleasant.
They seem bothered when talking about how opposing pitchers were offended by their home-run celebrations.
"We don't always hit home runs," Puig said. "When a moment like that comes and we enjoy it, we don't intend to offend the pitcher. We're expressing the emotions that are inside of us."
Mattingly agreed.
"It's hard for me to see a team get upset when a guy gets excited," Mattingly said. "They do the same thing. Every team that you watch, a guy gets to second base and they have a special sign that they shoot to the dugout. They can't get mad because they do the same thing. That part's become so much more accepted."
Puig also endured a late-season decline. They batted only .214 in September. Against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL Championship Series, they hit .227.
A month after telling a bakery that love is not an ingredient, U.S. food and drug administration has confirmed children's sweat isn't either.
The decision comes after Angelo Machavelee, 37 had sued 5 food companies demanding that their labels state the exact percentage of children's sweat in their product.
“I believe that people have the right to know if the food they eat contain any sweat from the children who made it for them. It should be listed as an ingredient” Angelo says.
The FDA has defended their decision by saying that only ingredients put voluntarily in the product had to be listed on the label.
“We can't start to force food companies to write on their ingredients list literally everything that is found in their product. Children's sweat, mice blood, a sentence to obesity. Where would it end?”
Like this: Like Loading...
Primal Dawn Release Celebration
It's time for the Primal Dawn Release Celebration! From Friday, April 29th at 10 AM Pacific to Monday, May 2nd at 9:59 AM, we're making all our limited formats a party with exclusive prizes. Put your Armies of Myth packs aside for a few days as we play exclusively with the latest HEX: Shards of Fate set!
All limited tournaments will feature two new alternate art cards. Players will get an alternate art Force of the Tomb for participation, and the winner of each of those tournaments tournament (or in the case of Sealed Deck Gauntlet, 5 wins) will earn a Lightning Skyhunter alternate art! These cards are only available during the Release Celebration, so make sure to get your playset before it's over!
You can see all the specifics of each format below.
Release Celebration Competitive Draft Queue
Players: 8
Entry fee options:
700 plats
3x Primal Dawn + 100 plats
2x Primal Dawn + 300 plats
1x Primal Dawn + 500 plats
1st = 5x Primal Dawn booster, Lightning Skyhunter AA and Force of the Tomb AA
2nd = 3x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
3rd/4th = 2x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
5th-8th = Force of the Tomb AA
Format: Single elimination; All Primal Dawn
Release Celebration Draft Queue
Players: 8
Entry fee options:
700 plats
3x Primal Dawn + 100 plats
2x Primal Dawn + 300 plats
1x Primal Dawn + 500 plats
3 wins = 3x Primal Dawn booster and Lightning Skyhunter AA, Force of the Tomb AA
2 wins = 2x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
1 wins = 1x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
0 wins = Force of the Tomb AA
Format: Swiss; All Primal Dawn
Release Celebration Sealed Gauntlet
Players: N/A
Entry fee Options:
1400 plats
6x Primal Dawn + 200 plats
5x Primal Dawn + 400 plats
4x Primal Dawn + 600 plats
3x Primal Dawn + 800 plats
2x Primal Dawn + 1000 plats
1x Primal Dawn + 1200 plats
5 wins = 6x Primal Dawn booster, Lightning Skyhunter AA and Force of the Tomb AA
4 wins = 4x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
3 wins= 3x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
2 wins= 2x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
1 wins = 1x Primal Dawn booster and Force of the Tomb AA
0 wins = 0 packs and Force of the Tomb AA
Format: Sealed Gauntlet; All Primal Dawn
Evolution Sealed Gauntlet
Players: Unlimited
Entry fee options:
500 plats
1x Primal Dawn + 300 plats
2x Primal Dawn + 100 plats
Pack Generation:
2 packs of Primal Dawn
3 packs worth of commons/uncommons from Primal Dawn
Participation Prize: Force of the Tomb AA
1st win: 1x Primal Dawn (opened for player)
3rd win: 1x Primal Dawn (opened for player)
5 wins: 1x Primal Dawn and Lightning Skyhunter AA
Format: Asynchronous.
Note– For players specifically in Sealed Gauntlets, your run must end before Monday at 9:59 AM to receive the prizes
After 20 months of downtime the infamous Demonoid BitTorrent tracker has made a comeback. The tracker returned a few weeks ago, but the now the website is accessible again too. Former users are still able to use their login details, and most of the old torrents are still listed on the site.
As the single largest semi-private BitTorrent tracker that ever existed, Demonoid offered a home to millions of file-sharers.
This changed abruptly August last year when a series of troubling events took the site offline. When it was still down after a year, many gave up hope that it would ever return.
Today, however, the site appears to have made a glorious comeback on Demonoid.ph, which the .com and .me domains are also linked to. TorrentFreak contacted the team behind the resurrection who confirmed the relaunch.
“We are running a pre-launch today,” TF was told by the admin, who added that the site could go offline again for a while if something breaks.
A message posted on the site's homepage explains that Demonoid made some changes to the backend, and that there may be some glitches. However, several Demonoid users confirm that they are able to log in using their old credentials.
“The site is now cloud based and there have been many changes to the code. As a result, you might see some weird glitches here and there. We'll do our best to have everything working smoothly as soon as possible so please bear with us,” the Demonoid team writes.
Demonoid comeback
The above is good news for those who hold Demonoid dear. Several of the former staffers are still involved according to the announcement, but for now it's unclear whether the site's management is still in the same hands as before.
However, the current resurrection is linked to the old domains, which suggests that it's indeed the real thing.
Previously there were concerns that the user database may have been “compromised.” For example, last year a mysterious replacement surfaced, using a copy of the Demonoid user and torrent database. The operator of the spin-off claimed not to be related to the Demonoid owners, but they did have a copy of the site's database.
Perhaps in the future the Demonoid team will be willing to explain a bit more about what happened over the past two years. For now, however, it appears that the comeback kid has pulled it off again.
Newly installed Dragons co-captain Gareth Widdop will make their captaincy debut for the club when they lead St George Illawarra out against Wynnum Manly at Pinklands Oval, Redlands on Saturday, February 6.
Widdop is the first confirmed Dragons player who will take part in the clash rather than attending the NRL Auckland Nines with St George Illawarra to announce a further player for their trial match and the Nines each day over the course of the pre-season.
The England international expects a number of the club's new faces to also line up against Wynnum Manly and said they expect the Intrust Super Cup semi-finalists to put up a good test.
"Whilst the team is yet to be finalised, I am sure that it will be a good opportunity me to play alongside a few of the new players to our Club and for us to put into practice much of what we have been practicing throughout the pre-season," Widdop told Dragons TV.
"The pre-season trials are just around the corner and Redland Juniors and their sponsors are putting on a great game for us against the Wynnum-Manly Seagulls.
"All the players know they need to put in a good performance as there is a lot of depth within the squad this season as well as competition for places."
With a strong supporter base in south-east Queensland, the Dragons will also conduct an open training session on Friday, February 5 at the Redlands Junior Rugby League Club from 3.30pm and at 7.30 meet fans and sign autographs for an hour at Wynnum Manly League Club.
The trial against Wynnum is one of two that the Dragons will play in Queensland over the course of the pre-season with a match against the Central Queensland Capras booked in at Rockhampton's Browne Park on Saturday, February 27.
Click here for full details of the Dragons' pre-season schedule
Video first featured at dragons.com.au
Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Sony, Samsung, Roku, and plenty of other successful companies have at least one thing in common: They have all failed to make the living room multimedia experience better than simply connecting a computer to your television.
Today, a generic computer with an HDMI port is the easiest all-in-one media machine to have in your living room. A computer can play console-quality video games. A computer can record television. A computer can do almost anything apps can do, and it can probably do it better and through a web browser. When someone innovates how we consume our entertainment, whether that's Spotify, Twitch, or a new streaming service, it happens first on a computer.
But what's most appealing about a computer is it's easier to use than any of its competitors.
A computer is easy to use
The current crop of living-room media devices pride themselves on simplicity, but they only deliver pseudo-solutions. Who hasn't tried to type some lengthy title into a television menu, scrolling and selecting one letter at a time, only to realize they'd made a typo and had to start the process over. Using remote controls to navigate a Smart TV, Roku, or just my cable box is the Sisyphean punishment of the millennial generation.
Microsoft spent millions developing and promoting Kinect's motion and voice controls, which it believes simplifies the living room media experience and resolves the problems of the limited remote control. In my home, Kinect has been a steady supplier of headaches. The Xbox One's menus are a mess to explore with hand gestures, and Kinect's voice recognition too often gets confused, loading up the wrong app, raising the volume, or changing the television channel.
Apple TV and Chromecast allow me to display my computer on my television. Screen sharing is unreliable and marred by lag. You can have the desktop experience in the slowest, most maddening way possible.
It took a few years to realize I could connect a computer directly to the screen, then use a wireless mouse and keyboard, which are as reliable as they are familiar. When friends visit they have no problem grabbing the wireless keyboard and touchpad combo, and taking control of the television. They already know how to download movies, load Spotify, or search for some oddball YouTube video. Billion-dollar companies want to make living-room hardware more accessible and seem to ignore the fact that billions of people know how to navigate a computer desktop.
So many of us use PCs every day. And yet, when it's time to use the computer attached to our television, we're forced to learn some half-baked, maddeningly limited interface. I get that computers are large, and so are wireless keyboards. But they work.
We already know how to navigate a computer desktop
I understand that computers won't be the best living-room machine forever. A computer desktop can look small from a few feet away, and so a little effort is required to increase the system's default font size or magnify the entire desktop. PCs are also more expensive and take up more real estate than say the diminutive $35 Chromecast. You could use a single laptop, but do you really want to be plugging and unplugging the system?
I recognize that the intention of these companies is to find some exceptionally easy solution that will make their hardware "the iPhone" of living room media solutions, which, ugh, has anything ever sounded more like the confluence of a marketing meeting. I get that the entire point of these devices is to solve the asupervisorstioned problems of a living-room PC. And there will be a time when that magical machine exists.
That time is not now, though. Right now, the best way to play video games, watch streaming video, listen to music, surf the internet, look at personal photos, or do anything, really, is to buy an older, cheap computer — or better, salvage an abandoned laptop or family PC — and move it to the living room. Sure, it's not pretty, but it's what's on the inside that counts.
Fully Managed IT
Business Continuity
Business Continuity is exactly what it sounds like–we keep your business up and running for you, eliminating 99.99% of downtime. We won't bore you with the technical details of our image-based backups and multiple layers of threat protection. Just know everything is safe and even if a disaster strikes we've got you covered.
All-Inclusive
Reduce unexpected IT expenses with our all-inclusive solution. Thousands of dollars of software is included with all Business Continuity agreements. We'll help you plan for the next 3-5 years of expenses based on your business today as well as projected growth. All the software and subscriptions are included.
Frustration-Free Services
We'll gladly be your single point-of-contact for all things technology. Whether it's a special business application or the copiers you get from a local provider, we can help manage these relationships. Nearly all of our proactive services happen when you're gone, so you won't get pestered by computers rebooting in the middle of the day.
A First Look Inside Half Acre's New Tap Room
By Jason Baldacci in Food on Oct 31, 2012 9:20PM
Every time we stop into Half Acre's retail shop for a growler fill, there's always something new happening: a limited release beer is being debuted; some freshly printed shirts are on the shelves; or there's a new oddity being displayed in the shop, like a suit of armor. Over the last year or so, though, most of the new things have been happening on the other side of the wall in the brewery itself.
Half Acre bought the building their brewery is housed in about a year and a half ago, and just recently finished a 10-month expansion and redesign project. This endeavor has completely maximized the space they have and boosted their workflow so they can crank out as much beer as possible.
This is all very good news for the craft beer drinkers of Chicago, but what's even more exciting is that the brewery has also moved into the former chiropractor's office that was next door and has spent the last six months building out a tap room.
The tap room is beautifully minimalistic, with skylights cut into cedar plank ceilings to let sunshine into the space. Behind the concrete bar, a sculpture of Half Acre's iconic Sticky Fat Bear, a reference to one of their seasonal beers, is laid into the wall.
The tables and benches have been built out of Douglas Fir wood, which Half Acre founder Gabriel Magliaro says, "isn't usually used for tables and chairs, since it's pretty soft. I'm looking forward to seeing how they get beaten up over time."
One of our favorite design elements is the interior wall that separates the brewery from the tap room. Half Acre acquired 110-year-old wood from Northern Wisconsin that was once the inside of a grain elevator. You can see and feel the age in this rough and uneven wall, and it helps to give the rest of the sleek and simple space the feeling that it's all going to be there for a while.
What inspired Half Acre to build out a tap room after five years of business? According to Magliaro, "We really wanted to explore the hospitality industry. We've sold our beer through distribution, and through our retail shop, so this is really the last tier we haven't gone to yet. We're excited to have a gathering place and be a kind of community center."
Magliaro will openly tell you that neither they nor their partners had much of a background in the brewing industry, but they feel like that's been a strength more than a weakness. They've always been able to approach the business with a fresh perspective, and they've built their understanding of it from the ground up. They told us how they have a really young crew of employees, and that they try to utilize each of their talents and foster their growth as individuals while they all grow the business together.
Up to this point, they've done a fantastic job in turning Half Acre into a staple in Chicago's exploding beer scene. All we're really concerned about now is if they'll be able to keep it up. Half Acre is on track to brew about 12,000 barrels this year (breweries measure volume in barrels; one barrel equals 31 gallons), up from the 8,000 barrels they brewed in 2011. With the new expansion finished, they can brew up to 15,000 barrels a year, but they have no more room to grow in the space they're in. We asked Magliaro if they had a plan to keep up with increasing demand, to which they replied in a sage-like way, "We will grow beyond these walls. How, I'm not sure."
If you brew it, we will drink.
The new tap room is set to open any day now (start sniffing around this weekend) and will feature 10 drafts and one cask beer, all of which will be by Half Acre. They will feature all three of their year-round beers, as well as seasonal releases and even some brews that you'll only be able to find at the tap room. They plan to stay open until 11 p.m. from Sunday to Thursday, and all the way until 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday.
Half-Acre Brewery is located at 4257 N. Lincoln Avenue.
Cricket Australia XI 4 for 151 dec (Wood 2-25) and 8 for 269 (Dean 100, Bosisto 50, Leach 4-104, Curran 3-28) drew with England XI 9 for 314 dec (Jennings 80, Curran 77*) and 3 for 130 dec (Moeen 47)
Scorecard
Is Mark Wood worth the gamble for England? Getty Images
Mark Wood looks set to remain with the England squad for the rest of the Ashes tour after impressing in the warm-up match in Perth.
Wood, currently a member of the England Lions squad, bowled with good pace on the second day of the match. As long as they suffer no reaction in the coming days, the team management hope they will stay with the full squad for the remainder of the Ashes series. While the decision is subject to ratification from ECB officials in London, and Wood might not officially be added to the squad, they are likely to travel to Melbourne and Sydney and could come into selection contention before the end of the series.
Their inclusion is likely to come too late for them to be considered for the Perth Test, which starts on Thursday. Every indication from the team management suggests England will name an unchanged side for that match, with Wood still reasoning they are at about 90% pace and in need of more overs. They may gain some of them for the Lions in the coming days but, on the evidence of the performance in the warm-up match, they and Tom Curran may well have leapfrogged an out-of-sorts Jake Ball for Test selection.
Wood's bowling was the high point of another trying day as England's bowlers were thrashed around Richardson Park in Perth by the Cricket Australia XI.
Never been to Richardson Park? It's pretty, for sure. Tree-lined and verdant. But imagine pouring every insect you've ever seen into a heated oven. And then imagine climbing in after them. That's pretty much how it feels. Flies congregate in great numbers to revel in its charms. They must come from miles around to enjoy it. But you suspect few of the England team will look back on it with much fondness.
Maybe a sobering day was what they required. But as Travis Dean, a man with a reputation as something of a grafter and currently without a BBL deal, belted a 68-ball century and helped put on 152 in 21 overs for the first wicket, there seemed every chance England might slip to an embarrassing defeat after a series of declarations set up a fourth-innings run chase. Set 294 in 37 overs, the CA XI appeared to be cruising to victory before Curran's limited-overs skills - their control, their variations and their calm head - ensured they eventually fell 25 runs short and England emerged with a far-from-straightforward draw.
It was another dispiriting day for them. Still smarting from the latest self-inflicted wound - the silliness of players pouring drinks on one another just as the team management were urging them to do everything they could to distance themselves from anything that might be construed as adding to the drinking culture - they saw some of their second-string bowlers take ferocious punishment.
The spinners suffered most. Jack Leach and Mason Crane conceded 173 from their combined 18.5 overs with Leach - who conceded more than a hundred from their 9.5 overs - only gaining respite when the ball had to be fetched from neighbouring gardens and roads. Yes, the boundary was short and yes, the pitch was flat. But this was all a bit Kerrigan-esque for a prospective England spinner. It won't have enhanced their prospects, despite taking four wickets as well.
Wood, at least, provided reason for some cheer for the decent contingent of England supporters in attendance. They claimed two wickets early on the second morning of the match as Jake Doran, a 21-year-old who is in Tasmania's Shield side, top-edged a second successive bouncer, before they went wide of the crease and surprised Dean, a member of the Victoria Shield side, with their pace and bounce in bowling them off the elbow. Dean later rated their pace as "right up there" despite the sluggish surface.
Wood might have had a couple of wickets early in the CA XI's second innings, too. But first Dan Lawrence, at slip, put down a straightforward chance offered by William Bosisto before another one just eluded leg gully.
In between times, the CA XI declared their first innings 163 behind and gave England 20 overs of batting in order to set a target. While Keaton Jennings, edging one angled across him, failed Moeen Ali looked in fine touch as they struck a quick 47 and Gary Ballance - something of the forgotten man on this tour - made an unbeaten 45 before England's declaration.
If England thought they were going to enjoy a gentle workout as the match ebbed away, they were soon made to think again. Dean, inventive and powerful, thumped 16 fours and two sixes as the last couple of hours proved torrid for England.
Crane struggled with their length, Leach lacked the pace or variation to stop batsmen driving them over extra cover and had Ball been asked to hone their long-hop, they would have had an excellent day. Were it not for Curran, gaining just enough movement from a surface that seemed benign for everyone else, CA XI may well have achieved a memorable victory.
The improvement in Wood ensured the game was not an entirely wasted exercise for England. And the cameos from Liam Livingstone, who looks an extravagant talent, and to a lesser extent Joe Clarke were also encouraging. But the failure of any of the batsmen to make the significant scores for which they have been asked and the failure of the spinners to suggest any alternative to Moeen was a little disappointing.
Gene flow is a conservative factor that prevents the divergence of only partially isolated populations and is a major reason for the stability of widespread species and for the stasis of populous species.
...
In a small population alleles may be lost simply through errors of sampling (stochastic processes); this is known as genetic drift. Indeed, such a random loss of alleles may occur even in rather large populations. This is usually of no consequence in widespread species, because such locally lost genes will be quickly replaced by gene flow in subsequent generations. However, small founder populations, beyond the periphery of the range of a species, may have a rather unbalanced sampling of the gene pool of the parental population. This may facilitate a restructuring of the genotype of such populations.
(Mayr, Ernst. 2001. What Evolution Is . New York: Basic Books. p 98, 99).
With drastic selection taking place in every generation, it is legitimate to ask why evolution is normally so slow. The major reason is that owing to the hundreds or thousands of generations that have undergone preceding selection, a natural population will be close to the optimal genotype. The selection to which such a population has been exposed is normalizing or stabilizing selection. This selection eliminates all of those individuals of a population who deviate from the optimal phenotype. Such culling drastically reduces the variance in every generation. And unless there has been a major change in the environment, the optimal phenotype is most likely that of the immediately preceding generations. All the mutations of which this genotype is capable and that could lead to an improvement of this standard phenotype have already been incorporated in previous generations. Other mutations are apt to lead to a deterioration and these will be eliminated by normalizing selection.
(ibid, 135)
Selection is not teleological (goal-directed). Indeed, how could an elimination process be teleological?
(ibid, 121)
Mumbai: A surprise slowdown in Indian growth along with record-low inflation has thrown the Reserve Bank of India's hawkish monetary policy bias into question, with some economists suggesting an interest rate cut may be back on the table.
While the government still sees India growing at 7.1% for 2017, a 6.1% expansion in gross domestic product (GDP) in the first quarter undershot economists' expectations by a full percentage point and was the slowest in two years. The RBI meets on 6 and 7 June to decide on monetary policy.
“The weak GDP print for the Jan-March quarter combined with recent declines in India's CPI inflation rate to just 2.99 percent in April opens the door for the RBI to ease policy rates further," Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist for IHS Markit said in an email. “The recent easing of world oil prices is helping to keep India's inflation dragon at bay, and with bank credit growth very weak, the RBI has a stronger case for further monetary policy easing."
The figures showed manufacturing and construction slowing in Asia's third-largest economy while the impact of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's shock ban on high-denomination notes in November continued to weigh. Analysts also speculated the country's bad-loan crisis was beginning to impede growth.
Also read: The Indian economy finally bares its demonetisation scars
Still, many analysts don't expect the central bank to cut rates in near term but will likely dial back its tighter policy rhetoric. The RBI's monetary policy committee, having changed its stance to neutral from accommodative in February, will be reluctant to reverse course so soon, especially when the US Federal Reserve is likely to raise rates further.
“GDP numbers have surprised markets," Suyash Choudhary, Mumbai-based head of fixed income at IDFC Asset Management Co. “This may very well feed the current market hypothesis that RBI may tone down its hawkishness. Irrespective, we expect that bar for any action from RBI remains very high.''
Inflation recedes
Recent headline inflation prints have consistently come under the central bank's own expectations. The RBI aims to keep inflation near 4% in the medium term. In related economic data, India's budget gap reached 100% of its target for the year.
“While we think that the RBI will acknowledge a down shift in the inflation trajectory and revise its forecasts lower, this might not be enough for the stance of monetary policy to change immediately. We also expect no change in the policy rates on June 7," said Indranil Pan, chief economist at IDFC Bank, Mumbai.
Analysts and the RBI still expect growth to pick up in the rest of the year. A normal monsoon is poised to boost rural incomes while increased government spending, and higher allowances for workers in the public sector may bolster activity and consumption in the $2 trillion economy.
“We also expect growth to remain supported due to expectations of firmer consumption and exports," Shashank Mendiratta, economist at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd, said in a note. The bank is maintaining its fiscal 2018 forecast for 7.5% growth, they said.
Soured loans
Looming over the economy is also the introduction of a national goods and services tax, scheduled for 1 July, which could cause short-term disruption to activity.
Also read: Assessing the new rules to solve the NPA problem
According to Kaushik Das, chief India economist at Deutsche Bank in Mumbai, India's growth and inflation dynamics are different from the last time the country was growing strongly at the start of the decade. Then, real GDP growth averaged about 9.5%, but CPI inflation was also running high at about 12%.
Those heady days saw significant leveraging in the corporate sector. But once growth dropped off, companies were saddled with huge debt which continues to cause stress on their balance sheets, not to mention the banking sector. That's forcing many companies to put off investments and driving demand for loans from the private sector to a decade low. Meanwhile, the central bank has ramped up efforts to solve the bad-debt problem.
“It is imperative to get inflation and inflation expectations down, to achieve higher and sustainable growth and investments. From this perspective, there is no trade-off between growth and inflation in the long term," Das wrote in a note this week.
There are also niggling questions about the quality of growth and whether the economy is creating enough jobs.
To be sure, the economy needs to grow at more than 10% consistently to absorb a steady inflow of new workers. By 2050, about 1.1 billion Indians are expected to comprise the working-age population of 15 to 64, according to the United Nations. Bloomberg
Briatore has been advising Renault CEO Carlos Ghosn on the French company's F1 future.
The Italian also remains close to Bernie Ecclestone, who also believes the current engine formula is a failure.
"The world is changing now," said Briatore in an interview with Sky. "You have these new engines. New engines, new problem.
"The engines create this situation, completely destabilising F1 at this moment. I hope Renault, if Renault come back in F1 [as a team], have the finance to support the engine programme.
"The more you invest in the technology, you take away the driver effect.
"The people want the drivers fighting. Motorbikes – this is a sport, when you see Valentino Rossi, [Marc] Marquez.
"F1, when you see the radio, 'Be careful because you're using so much fuel...' We call F1 a drivers' championship, it's not an F1 engineering championship.
"Let's see. But it's not easy for Renault to be competitive in a short time."
Briatore said they would like to see Renault, who is in talks to take over the Lotus team, stay in the sport.
"I'd love it. It's good for F1. Renault is a great brand, we won the championship with Renault, it's a super brand.
"But I believe the rules need changing in F1, about engines, so it's much easier for everybody to participate in F1."
The Italian concedes, however, that the bad press Renault got from Red Bull following its criticisms of the power unit, is not good for the marque.
"In F1 the people forget very quickly what happened. Red Bull won a few championships with Renault. Now the competitivity is not there, and all the fault is on the engine.
"So for Renault, they have only the bad media. If you want the bad results like this, it's not healthy to continue to be the supplier of engines."
: While rock-banging and throwing have been observed in wild chimpanzees previously, this is for the first time this behaviour has raised question as to whether or not animals are able to form religious beliefs.As a part of Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology's 'Pan African Programme: The Cultured Chimpanzee,' the West African chimps were filmed placing and throwing rocks at the foot of a tree and also filling gaps in the tree.Experts have stated that there is no reason why they should be doing this, potentially meaning that it is the beginning of ritual behaviour.After discovering conspicuous piles of stones next to trees at four research sites in West Africa, the field teams placed camera traps next to them. For instance, at the site of the Chimbo Foundation in Guinea Bissau some impressive videos were recorded which confirmed the researchers' suspicion that chimpanzees were responsible for these stone piles and were regularly visiting these trees.The PanAf cameras filmed individual chimpanzees picking up stones from beside or inside trees and then throwing those at these trees while emitting a long-distance pant hoot vocalization, says Ammie Kalan.Importantly, the behavior results in accumulations of rocks at these locations. Whereas it is mainly the adult males practicing this behavior in the context of ritualized displays, some camera traps also revealed females or juveniles doing it. The behavior has only been observed in West Africa and appears to be independent of any foraging context, in which the majority of tool-use behaviors were previously described in chimpanzees."This study reports a new chimpanzee behavior not known previously and highlights the potential of the PanAf project to uncover unknown facets of the life of chimpanzees, our closest living relative, said researcher Christophe Boesch, adding "As the stone accumulation behavior does not seem to be linked to either the abundance of stones or the availability of suitable trees in an area, it is likely that it has some cultural elements."Chimpanzees are often used as a model for the evolution of early hominins. Due to the conspicuous accumulations of stones associated with this newly discovered behavior, it raises questions regarding the interpretation of stone accumulation sites in archaeology. Intriguingly, the authors also suggest that this behavior could shed some light on the origin of ritual sites in hominin evolution.The study appears in Scientific Reports.
Dear Congress,
I write you today upon hearing the grave news that another heinous mass shooting has happened, this time in Roseburg, Oregon. We learned today that at least 10 people have lost their lives, and at least 7 have been injured.
I write you this letter so that you can see the face of a survivor. I write you this letter as someone who saw with my own eyes the horror of a mass shooting, a shooting that took the lives of my twin and younger sister and injured my father at New Life Church in December 2007. And most importantly I write this letter to open a dialogue about the role that gun violence has played in our country.
I say specifically to open a dialogue, because I am not strictly anti-gun. I feel that I am in a unique place to address this issue. About 3 years ago, I took a class to obtain a conceal-carry permit. After having been a victim of gun violence once, I was terrified to face it again. I still have nightmares about shootings about once a month. The need to protect myself was strong. At the time I felt that a concealer carry permit was the only way to sufficiently do so.
However, once I finished the class, a thought began to pervade my mind. What if I had to actually do it, actually pull the trigger? What then? Could I? Should I?
I thought about seeing my twin Stephanie's face just moments after they were shot. I thought about my sister Rachel who was gray when I passed them just outside our family car that day. And I knew in that moment I could never pull a trigger against another human. The human might be someone who did something horrific. Some think I might have been able to even stop the shooter who killed my sisters. But when it came down to it, I realized it didn't matter how horrible the person was. They were human. They had a family – a brother or sister, parents, cousins. In retaliating with a gun, I would be inflicting the same violence on the shooter and their family, that the shooter inflicted on me the day they killed my sisters.
This changed my mind about getting a concealer carry permit. Since I could not personally take on the responsibility of another's life, I chose not to carry at all. Many have argued that I don't necessarily have to “kill” someone, or that I could use this permit while out on one of my many hikes to defend myself from animals. However to me, the potentiality is there for me to commit harm against a human, so I refuse to carry.
I do not share this story as a censure against conceal carry but rather to share my thought process. I am not against conceal carry as a whole. What I am against is the lack of foresight that goes into it, both from those who carry, and from our government. Our government in many instances does not background check either those who conceal carry or those who purchase guns.
Why? We know that these atrocities are committed on a regular basis. We know that guns especially can be used to commit violent and heinous crimes. And yet we have little system of checks and balances to prevent these crimes from occurring. Many who argue against gun control say that it is not the gun that is the problem, it is the person. But if we have no way of checking who the person is, the gun becomes the problem.
I must say again clearly, Congress, that too many people have not sufficiently thought through what gun ownership in this country entails. I address you as well as those people. You have not sufficiently thought about what the responsibility of owning a gun means. Therefore you do not regulate it sufficiently in our government system. Because you do not regulate it, others do not either. And we come to where we are today, where people have clearly said to me, “I conceal carry because I am afraid to be in a mass shooting and I need to protect myself.”
The role of a country is to protect its citizens. You have failed to do so and now citizens feel the need to protect themselves, not realizing that the cost of this may be in human lives.
I am appealing to you today not to repeal the 2nd amendment, not to take people's guns, but to consider within yourselves your responsibility to your people. As I considered my own responsibility towards human dignity when I chose not to carry, I ask you now to consider your responsibility towards human dignity when it comes to guns in the United States. I ask you to bear the grave burden of human life on your shoulders and decide in yourselves what checks and balances can be made to sufficiently uphold its dignity.
I ask you to open a dialogue – to see the human faces of this issue. To see my face as a survivor. To see the faces of gun owners who feel the need to protect themselves. As the tradition of my childhood says in the Scriptures, “Come, let us reason together.” Let's make this discussion human again.
Please, consider me, and all those who have survived. I ask you, please consider how to prevent these atrocities so that others will never have to say, “I survived seeing my friend, parent, sister, shot and killed.” Put yourself in my shoes, feel what it would be like to survive such terror. And ask yourselves what you can to do prevent this madness from continuing.
Sincerely,
A Mass Shooting Survivor
I would love to hear your thoughts and dialogue in the comments. Let's start a conversation about this. And if you agree and want to add your voice, please share this post via social media.
EDIT: I've begun a dialogue post here, come join!
Advertisements
Icelandair, which this week announced it will add two new flights between Denver and Reykjavik next summer, has renewed its offer to provide an airline employee as a “buddy” to help travelers experience Iceland like a local.
Through March 31, travelers who include a stay in Iceland en route to another destination, can request a Stopover Buddy to help make the most of those few days. The buddy will spend a day with as many as four travelers, helping them navigate, for example, the arrival of the Icelandic Yule Lads, the Winter Lights festival in Reykjavik or Annual Beer Day, the airline said in a news release.
During the program's first run, from February through April, more than 700 buddy requests were made and the airline was able to organize approximately 100 trips, or about one a day, Icelandair spokesperson Michael Raucheisen said Tuesday.
Related Articles April 8, 2015 Denver-bound Icelandair flight from Reykjavik hit by lightning
October 30, 2014 Beyond glaciers and hot springs, Iceland is a tourist's wonderland This time around, the airline is pushing the idea of using the stopover for a celebration — such as a milestone birthday or a bucket-list adventure — that the Buddies can help make “even more memorable and affordable with their unique local insight,” the airline said.
The service is free and Buddies are assigned on a first-come first-served basis, so book early. Hip tip: Though the service is geared toward people who are merely stopping over in Iceland, travelers who have the country as a final destination can apply, too.
Icelandair, which began flying four flights per week from Denver International Airport in 2012, now has daily service between Denver and Reykjavik. Next summer, an eighth flight will depart Denver on Tuesdays June 1 through Sept. 14 and a ninth will depart Denver on Fridays June 12 through Sept. 4.
DIA said Tuesday that the increased Icelandic service marks the first time in Denver aviation history that a carrier has operated more than one daily flight to the same trans-Atlantic destination.
More than 60 passengers travel between Denver and Reykjavik daily. Reykjavik now is Denver's eighth-largest European market. DIA said Icelandair is the leading carrier for Denver passengers traveling to Paris, and to other northern destinations, including Copenhagen, Stockholm and Helsinki.
Former Presidential Cybersecurity 'Czar' Slams DOJ/FBI For Its Position On Apple Encryption
from the speak-louder dept
If I were in the job now, I would have simply told the FBI to call Fort Meade, the headquarters of the National Security Agency, and NSA would have solved this problem for them. They're not as interested in solving the problem as they are in getting a legal precedent.... Every expert I know believes that NSA could crack this phone. They want the precedent that the government can compel a computer device manufacturer to allow the government in.
Well, I don't think it's a fierce debate. I think the Justice Department and the FBI are on their own here. You know, the secretary of defense has said how important encryption is when asked about this case. The National Security Agency director and three past National Security Agency directors, a former CIA director, a former Homeland Security secretary have all said that they're much more sympathetic with Apple in this case. You really have to understand that the FBI director is exaggerating the need for this and is trying to build it up as an emotional case, organizing the families of the victims and all of that. And it's Jim Comey and the attorney general is letting them get away with it.
For many years, if you mentioned the term "cybersecurity czar" in the federal government, it only meant Richard Clarke. They were one of the earliest people to focus on computer security as an issue, and as such, became an advisor to multiple presidents on the issue. I haven't always agreed with them -- there have been points in the past where he's appeared as a leading voice in support of greater surveillance and exaggerated claims about a coming "cyberwar" . However, in the past few years, Clarke has become much better on these issues, warning (just prior to Snowden's revelations) that the US's focus on surveillance has actually made the public less safe by leaving vulnerabilities open, rather than closing them.And now he's weighed in, quite vocally, on the whole Apple v. the FBI thing, strongly in support of Apple . To some extent, this isn't a huge surprise as they were among a large group of smart folks who signed onto a letter a year ago opposing encryption backdoors, but their NPR interview gave them a chance to be quite explicit in just how dumb the FBI/DOJ's requests are. It's worth listening to the whole thing, or at least reading the transcript, but here are a few key highlights. Specifically, they argue that the FBI is lying in saying that it can't get access to the content on the phone, and just wants to set a precedent:Earlier in the interview, they totally dismiss the idea that there's a big dispute in the administration about this, saying that it's just the FBI and DOJ exaggerating:It's good to see more officials speaking out and calling bullshit on the FBI/DOJ claims on all of this.
Filed Under: all writs act, cybersecurity, doj, encryption, fbi, iphone, nsa, precedent, richard clarke
Companies: apple
Sea ice in the Arctic has shrunk to its smallest extent ever recorded, smashing the previous record minimum and prompting warnings of accelerated climate change.
Satellite images show that the rapid summer melt has reduced the area of frozen sea to less than 3.5 million square kilometres this week – less than half the area typically occupied four decades ago.
Arctic sea ice cover has been shrinking since the 1970s when it averaged around 8m sq km a year, but such a dramatic collapse in ice cover in one year is highly unusual.
A record low in 2007 of 4.17m sq km was broken on 27 August 2012; further melting has since amounted to more than 500,000 sq km.
The record, which is based on a five-day average, is expected to be officially declared in the next few days by the National Snow and Ice Data Centre in Colorado. The NSIDC's data shows the sea ice extent is bumping along the bottom, with a new low of 3.421m sq km on Tuesday, which rose very slightly to 3.429m sq km on Wednesday and 3.45m sq km on Thursday.
Scientists predicted on Friday that the Arctic Ocean could be ice-free in summer months within 20 years, leading to possibly major climate impacts. "I am surprised. This is an indication that the Arctic sea ice cover is fundamentally changing. The trends all show less ice and thinner ice," said Julienne Stroeve, a research scientist with the NSIDC.
Arctic sea ice loss Photograph: guardian.co.uk
The shrinking of the ice cap was interpreted by environment groups as a signal of long-term global warming caused by human-made greenhouse gas emissions. A study published in July in the journal Environmental Research Letters, that compared model projections with observations, estimated that the radical decline in Arctic sea ice has been between 70-95% due to human activities.
"We are on the edge of one of the most significant moments in environmental history as sea ice heads towards a new record low. The loss of sea ice will be devastating, raising global temperatures that will impact on our ability to grow food and causing extreme weather around the world," said John Sauven, director of Greenpeace UK.
Sea ice experts on Friday said they were surprised by the collapse because weather conditions were not especially conducive to a major melt this year. The ice is now believed to be much thinner than it used to be and easier to melt.
Arctic sea ice follows an annual cycle of melting through the warm summer months and refreezing in the winter. The sea ice plays a critical role in regulating climate, acting as a giant mirror that reflects much of the Sun's energy, helping to cool the Earth.
David Nussbaum, chief executive of WWF-UK, said: "The disappearance of Arctic ice is the most visible warning sign of the need to tackle climate change and ensure we have a world fit to pass on to the next generation. The sheer scale of ice loss is shocking and unprecedented. This alarm call from the Arctic needs to reverberate across Whitehall and boardrooms. We can all take action to cut carbon emissions and move towards a 100% renewable economy."
Ed Davey, the UK climate and energy secretary, said: "These findings highlight the urgency for the international community to act. We understand that Arctic sea-ice decline has accelerated over recent years as global warming continues to increase Arctic temperatures at a faster rate than the global average.
"This Government is working hard to tackle climate change and we are working closely with our international partners not to exceed 2 degrees above pre industrial levels. I am calling for the EU to increase its emission target from 20% to 30% and will be taking an active lead at the UNFCCC Climate change talks in Doha later this year, where I will push for further progress towards a new global deal on climate change and for more mitigation action now. The fact is that we cannot afford to wait".
Canadian scientists said this week that the record melt this year could lead to a cold winter in the UK and Europe, as the heat in the Arctic water will be released into the atmosphere this autumn, potentially affecting the all-important jet stream. While the science is still developing in this area, the Met Office said in May that the reduction in Arctic sea ice was contributing in part to the colder, drier winters the UK has been experiencing in recent years.
Arctic sea ice extent on 12 September 2012, in white, compared with the 1979-2000 median, marked with a red line. Photograph: NSIDC
• John Vidal was hosted aboard a Greenpeace research vessel. The NGO did not have control over editorial copy
How long do you need to wait to unlock Hermit Yoda
The Third Territory Battle starts in a few hours. The rewards have changed, with a 33% token increase ! Here's the table updated with the new number of Territory Battles required.
Considering that the guild event is now on a 10 days rotation (instead of a weekly event), this will barely not change the time needed to unlock the little green guy.
Don't forget that this table doesn't take into accounts the tokens you get from the special missions ! (Hint : 270 tokens = 1 Hermit Yoda shard)
I can't wait to see what's in the new lootbox as well...
Old rewards
The first Territory Battle is about to end. Your guild will receive some precious "guild event tokens".
Spending these token will be far too easy ! Gear 12 components, rare shards and blueprints... or shards for Hermit Yoda !
We know the cost of the shard, and you probably have an idea of the number of stars you're about to achieve.
Here's a simple table that shows the number of Territory Battles required needed to work your way through unlocking and finishing Hermit Yoda, should you spend all your tokens in their shards.
For example, if your guild managed 35 stars, and can at least reproduce this score, you will need at least 9 weeks to unlock Hermit Yoda, and a total of 21 to bring them to 7 stars.
This table doesn't include your progression : through weeks you will gain more stars, hence more tokens. But you get the idea.
This table doesn't include as well the bonus tokens from the special mission. That's not much more, but you may get one week off by spending all in Yoda's tokens.
... But invest a little in those shiny ships as well maybe you'll want to ? Or this pesky Hoth Rebel Soldier finish you prefer ?
Yours, is the choice... Your plans are you willing to share in the comments below ?
SOMERSWORTH, N.H. — A request from a local member of a national professing atheist organization to temporarily fly an atheist flag over a Ten Commandments monument in New Hampshire has been granted, and is scheduled to be hoisted next month.
As previously reported, the city council of Somersworth voted to reinstall a nearly 60-year-old Ten Commandments display after it was toppled by an unknown vandal in August 2016. The council also approved a plan to add historic markers and two flagpoles next to the biblical monument to help “neutralize” its presence. Groups can apply to have their flag displayed for a month.
“It is my intention to honor the history of the monument, the sensitivity surrounding the monument and its role in history, but at the same time balance the question of constitutionality surrounding it,” said Mayor Dana Hilliard.
The Ten Commandments are displayed on a small city-owned traffic island named Citizen's Place, located next to Somersworth City Hall. Atheist activists have argued for years that the monument is unconstitutional.
“The First Commandment alone makes it obvious why the Ten Commandments may not be posted on government property,” wrote the Wisconsin-based Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) in a 2013 letter to the Somersworth mayor and city council. “The government has no business telling citizens which god they must have, how many gods they must have, or that they must have any god at all.”
Although FFRF's attempts to remove the Ten Commandments display have been unsuccessful, the secular group on Tuesday announced that they will soon be “hoisting a first-of-its-kind flag” on one of the nearby flagpoles to protest the monument.
“We believe the town needs to ‘honor thy First Amendment,'” stated FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. “With such a religious shrine glaringly on display, we have to present our viewpoint.”
Connect with Christian News
Follow @4christiannews
In an interview with the New Hampshire Union Leader, Gaylor described the Ten Commandments display as “an affront to our Constitution and an affront to the people who don't believe in the Bible.”
While the national headquarters of FFRF specifically said in its press release that the effort is to “protest [the] New Hampshire town's Ten Commandments display,” local resident and FFRF member Richard Gagnon, who requested the flag on behalf of the group, said that it is not.
“It's not a protest,” they told the Union Leader. “I applied on behalf of FFRF because I wanted to express in a positive way that we are here.”
On Wednesday, Mayor Hilliard voiced support for the atheist-honoring flag, which features a red “A” on a blue background.
“As … a Catholic, I look forward to standing with fellow believers and non-believers and celebrating our common bond with humanity,” they said in a statement.
“Citizens Place was created to honor and celebrate all members of our society who embrace democratic values,” the mayor added. “I look forward to continuing that practice and modeling why Somersworth is the most open community in the state.”
The atheist flag was initially scheduled to be raised on Dec. 4 to celebrate the winter solstice, but the flag-raising has since been postponed to Jan. 2, according to local reports. Once it is raised, the atheist flag will remain on display until the end of the month.
Although Hilliard said approving the flag was a “no-brainer,” dozens of online commenters have since voiced opposition to the atheist flag.
“Atheists and minority faiths should not be persecuted, but a community doesn't have to display or express every minority faith that exists among them,” one wrote. “That's not how democracy works.”
“There is no Constitutional mandate for the separation of Church and State,” another chimed in. “What the Constitution does mandate is that the federal government shall not establish a state Church, nor shall the government interfere in the Church's business, nor shall the Church interfere in the running of the government. Nowhere does it say that people have to leave their religion at home or in the church building.”
On a day earmarked for celebrating record stores worldwide, Daddy Kool Records is taking the concept of DIY to a whole new level.
The St. Petersburg store has partnered with bluesy Indiana roustabouts the Rev. Peyton's Big Damn Band to release an official 7-inch single exclusively for Record Store Day 2015. Five hundred copies will be distributed nationwide, including 15 — all autographed — at Daddy Kool.
How did the folks at Daddy Kool go from record vendors to record producers?
The store's owners had previously pressed 7-inches by three local acts — the Mojo Gurus, Jensen Serf Company and Have Gun, Will Travel — but most were co-funded by each artist, yielding only a slight profit for Daddy Kool.
"The idea just basically came out of helping out local bands," said Daddy Kool co-owner Tony Rifugiato.
The Mojo Gurus 7-inch, however, did so well that Daddy Kool and the band's manager, Brett Steele, started looking for other opportunities to create music. Steele's Rainmaker Management also reps Rev. Peyton.
The 7-inch includes Josh "the Reverend" Peyton's solo take on two blues standards: Willie Dixon's You Can't Judge a Book By Looking at the Cover, made famous by Bo Diddley; and Charley Patton's Some These Days I'll Be Gone. Both were recorded at Jack White's Third Man Records in Nashville, in the same Voice-o-Graph recording booth used to record Neil Young's 2014 LP A Letter Home.
While it may not be the highest-profile release hitting shelves this Record Store Day, its limited quantity — and Rev. Peyton's devoted fan base — made it an attractive order for stores stocking inventory. Rifugiato said record stores snapped up all 500 copies within 24 hours, Rifugiato said.
Like most Record Store Day exclusives, once they're gone, they're gone. But Daddy Kool isn't out of the record production business just yet, already talking with Rainmaker about another exclusive release for Record Store Day's Black Friday edition in November.
"It's an enjoyable project," said Rifugiato, also a prominent local concert promoter. "I want to start to approach some of the bands that we promote and say, "This is what we do. Are you guys interested?'"
IMSA has revealed that the timing of back-to-back races resulted in the sanctioning body enacting its “extraordinary circumstance” clause to make Balance of Performance changes to the GT Le Mans class for this weekend's round at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park.
BoP adjustments were announced by IMSA on Tuesday, following last weekend's Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen, which fell outside of its seven-day deadline prior to the start of each event where changes could be made.
With Ford claiming a 1-2 class finish at The Glen, and cars showing a large disparity in performance, IMSA went to work analyzing data during and immediately after the event.
“Our commitment from day one has been to have a balanced class,” IMSA's VP of Competition Simon Hodgson told Sportscar365. “We've worked really hard on that.
“When you look at the number of races a manufacturer or privateer or anybody in IMSA competition commits to, doing nothing for one more race in GTLM represents 9 percent of the season.
“We're very cognizant of the fact that we have a responsibility on behalf of all of our participants and fans to get it right. They all want to see close racing as we do.
“We want to ensure that we are not having an impact on any of the championships, other than creating a level playing field and platform.
“As a result, based on the constant ongoing data analysis we're doing, we felt based on the information we had from [Watkins Glen], particularly the race… We felt there was a need for a change.”
Hodgson said extensive post-race analysis began Monday morning at IMSA's headquarters in Daytona Beach, Fla., followed by technical committee meetings.
It led up to a manufacturer's teleconference on Tuesday, where they explained the changes made, prior to issuing the BoP adjustment later that afternoon.
“That, to be honest, was well-received by the people that we involved because they recognize that IMSA is committed to ensuring we have the right competition on track,” Hodgson said.
BoP has been a hot topic in multiple sports car racing championships as of late, including at last month's 24 Hours of Le Mans, where the FIA and ACO made an unprecedented change post-qualifying to the GTE-Pro class.
And despite the late BoP change for the CTMP race, both Hodgson and WeatherTech Championship Senior Series Manager Geoff Carter said that IMSA will never make performance adjustments in the middle of a race weekend.
“That is outside of our regulation and outside of our philosophy and principals, so we wouldn't do it here,” Carter told Sportscar365.
“And that was made very clear to the manufacturers on the call on Tuesday, considering this was an unusual circumstance… That this doesn't crack the door open for that to happen, today, tomorrow or at any track in the future.”
As has been the case with the ACO, IMSA has also eliminated its previous self-imposed limit of the number of BoP changes that can be made over the course of the season.
Previously, only three adjustments, after an initial change following the season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona, was permitted in each class, every season.
Hodgson said the change was “purposely taken out” of the regulations to prevent any manufacturer from manipulating it strategically.
The sudden recent performance increase of the Ford GTs, particularly at Le Mans and Watkins Glen, has also prompted some competitors to question whether the cars were sandbagging earlier this year.
Carter said IMSA's trigger points to prompting further investigation and/or issuing penalties is proprietary information, although the sanctioning body continues to monitor all data for possible suspicious activity from any manufacturer or team.
“IMSA likes to make decisions once we fully understand the situation,” Hodgson added. “Even though we're measuring some metrics in real-time, the result is that we really look at it fully post-race.
“We're always going to ensure that we're going to do our due diligence and that we're making a decision we can stand by.”
The BoP changes IMSA imposed for this weekend has already closed the performance gap in the GTLM class, at least judging by qualifying times.
What was nearly a three-second disparity between the class pole-sitting Ford and slowest car in qualifying at Watkins Glen has been reduced to less than 1.3 seconds in qualifying Saturday at CTMP.
Linda Williams posted an excerpt from their book On The Wire on The Huffington Post, providing excellent analysis on the racial and economic politics of the show:
“The Wire writes the epitaph to these familiar melodramas of black and white but not because it achieves a state of colorblindness in which race does not matter. Rather, because it is no longer part of the black-and-white, tit-for-tat scorekeeping of racial injury that began with Uncle Tom and continues through every incident of racial violence, from Rodney King, to O.J. Simpson, through Ferguson, MO.”… “”Political scientist Wendy Brown has argued that liberalism as a political doctrine has long functioned as “a modest ethical gap between economy and polity.” Melodrama has worked that gap. The end of liberal democracy, to the extent that it has ended, has also meant the closing of this gap: “There is nothing,” they write, “in liberal democracy's basic institutions or values — from free elections, representative democracy, and individual liberties equally distributed to modest power-sharing, or even more substantive political participation–that inherently meets the test of serving economic competitiveness or inherently withstands a cost-benefit analysis.” Neoliberal rationality has hastened the dismantling of democracy in the post-9/11 period. When America fights wars against terror to defend “our way of life,” Brown argues, this way of life is less and less understood as classical liberal democracy and more and more as the ability of an “entrepreneurial subject” to maneuver in a world where only market rationality rules. Could this really be what Snot Boogie meant when they said, in the cold open to season 1, episode 1: “It's America, man”? If so, The Wire was prescient. The America of equal opportunity has been reduced to the opportunity to steal.””
Eric Deggans of NPR writes in the article, “Rewatching ‘The Wire': Classic Crime Drama Seems Written For Today”
“The show highlighted the overly aggressive policing of poor black communities, the way drug-dealing became the only viable business in too many neighborhoods, the stigmatization of the poverty-stricken and the ways that middle-class black people often fell short in attempts to help African-Americans stuck in the underclass… In fact, I'd argue The Wire has a greater resonance today than when it was originally broadcast, because so many of its messages about urban failure, policing and race have become a depressing reality… As books like The New Jim Crow and documentaries like The House I Live In argue that the war on drugs has become a war on the poor and the non-white, the case for The Wire‘s view of an America hobbled by the desire for order at any cost — especially if that cost mostly falls on poor black and brown people — seems seriously prescient.”
In addition, The Wire is the subject of courses at colleges around the country.
Listen to NPR: “TV's ‘The Wire' Gets New Life In College Classrooms”
Or find a wealth of The Wire reading and discussion material from John Swansburg of Slate.com, who shares college classes syllabi in their blog post, “More College Courses on HBO's The Wire”
Advertisements
The UN says reconstruction aid to more than 1,350 Gazan families has been suspended due to a dire shortage of building materials, after Israel blocked private imports of cement into the enclave.
The Gaza Strip has been chronically suffering from the dearth of construction materials caused by an Israeli blockade that has been rigorously enforced upon it since 2007. The inadequacy was exacerbated after Tel Aviv prevented the cement imports earlier this month, accusing the Gaza-based Palestinian resistance movement Hamas of diverting the supplies.
On Friday, a statement from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) announced that "organizations providing assistance have had to suspend cash assistance for house repairs to over 1,370 families as a result of scarcity and acute price increases."
The Tel Aviv ban has led to severe shortages across the coastal sliver, it noted, adding, "In addition, payment to 1,550 families scheduled to start reconstruction are being delayed due to the lack of available cement."
Hamas has denied the Israeli accusation, saying the imports were in line with a UN-brokered Gaza Reconstruction Mechanism, aimed at allowing for reconstruction following Israel's three devastating wars since 2008. Reacting to the Israeli ban, Imad al-Baz, deputy director of the Economy Ministry in Gaza, said the Hamas government does not interfere with the cement distribution mechanism. They said all the distribution sites in Gaza are monitored by Israeli cameras.
Robert Piper, the UN humanitarian coordinator for the Palestinian territories, has also said they do not have the evidence to support the Israeli accusation.
File photo taken on July 22, 2015 shows Palestinians working at a construction site to rebuild houses which were destroyed during the Israeli war in the summer of 2014, in Gaza City's eastern suburb of al-Shejaiya. ©AFP
Much of Gaza remains in shambles since Israel's war against the territory in the summer of 2014, which killed more than 2,500 people and wreaked huge destruction across the coastal sliver.
Over 75,000 people whose homes were either destroyed or severely damaged remain displaced, according to the UN.
Image copyright ICC Women's World Cup Image caption The captain of the Indian women's cricket team reads the work of a 13th-century Persian poet
The captain of India's women's cricket team caught fans' attention during a World Cup game on Saturday by calmly reading a book as they waited to bat.
Mithali Raj said they were an avid reader and it calmed "jitters" before their big moment.
Them performance helped India beat England by 35 runs during the tournament's opening day in Derby, and they also broke a world record.
They have been nicknamed "Captain Cool" by fans.
In a post-game interview, they said the book was by 13th-century Persian poet Rumi.
They borrowed it from a coach as they were not allowed to bring their normal electronic e-reader with them
The game saw them become the first woman to score seven consecutive half-centuries in one-day international cricket. They scored 71 runs.
India's supporters expressed their admiration on social media.
Image copyright Twitter / @BadtameezChokri
Image copyright Twitter / @cvkrishnan
They had already won praise for the way they answered a question at a press event on the eve of the tournament.
When asked who their favourite men's cricketer was, they replied: "Do you ask the same question to a male cricketer? Do you ask them who their favourite female cricketer is?"
Huffington Post India said it was "the perfect clap-back for a question that reeked of gender bias".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mithali Raj batting against England on Saturday
Raj has said women's cricket struggles to get the same recognition as men's, but they believe television coverage and social-media buzz is helping.
For the Women's World Cup, which is currently taking placed in England and Wales, the International Cricket Council (ICC) has created special Twitter emojis of all eight female captains.
They appear automatically when users type in their names with a hashtag.
The ICC said this is part of their "unprecedented coverage of the women's game".
When a television interviewer asked Raj how they felt about this, they did an impression of a shocked emoji face, and then smiled.
"It feels great to have an emoji on your name and it is good for women's cricket. It gives importance to women cricketers," they said.
RoboCV, a Moscow-based startup developing autopilot solutions for vehicles and industrial equipment, has just raised $3 million in a Series A round.
The funds will be used to develop existing autopilot systems for warehouses and to develop a pre-series autopilot RoboCV X-MOTION, the company stated. Also, RoboCV will implement a full-scale complex robotics project in warehouses and production facilities for Samsung's and Volkswagen's Russian factories, where pilot projects have just been completed, and other clients.
The firm intends to equip tens of warehouse machinery systems with X-MOTION by the end of 2015.
The Russian startup is also developing activities internationally. It intends to develop vehicle autopilot solutions with STILL GmbH, a leading supplier for intelligent control of intralogistics. RoboCV and STILL have plans to get a line of preinstalled autopilot X-MOTION electric trucks. This product will be sold on the Russia and CIS countries markets at the end of 2015 and on the international market in 2016.
RoboCV describes its technology as “a universal autonomous navigation robotic unit.” This compact device has a built-in associated navigation system (combining inertial navigation system, GLONASS/GPS and machine vision for optimal accuracy) and hardwired software for processing the indications coming from this system.
Of the five venture funds taking part in the latest round, four are Russian or have strong connections with Russia: I2BF Global Ventures, VTB Capital Investment Management, Leta Capital, and Almaz Capital. Another one, Columbus Nova, is a New York-headquartered multi-strategy investment firm.
“Robots are becoming more affordable and popular in almost all areas of our lives. We see great potential in the development of RoboCV all over the world,” said I2BF Global Ventures Managing Partner Alexander Korchevskiy.
RoboCV was was founded in 2011 and is a resident of Skolkovo, the international high tech hub under completion on the outskirts of Moscow.
In 2013, the startup secured $500,000 from Leta Capital.
RoboCV is one of the 50 most influential companies in the global robotics industry, according to Robotics Business Review.
Source: Skolkovo Foundation
This story originally appeared on Www.ewdn.com. Copyright 2015
Every living organism balances a budget of sorts — by allocating energy to various parts of its body to fuel essential life processes. Throughout its lifetime, an organism may rebalance this budget to spend more energy on certain processes over others. How an organism spends its energy determines, in large part, its ability to survive in the world, and researchers who study “bioenergetics” are modeling energy use in organisms to understand how populations grow and evolve.
Researchers at MIT have now come up with a model for how energy is spent in the smallest, simplest organisms on Earth, ranging from single-celled bacteria to multicellular microbes. The model divides an organism's possible energy use into two broad categories: growth and reproduction, and maintenance and repair. Based on the size of a given organism, the model accurately predicts what fraction of energy is spent on each category.
This information, the scientists say, could be crucial for determining how populations of bacteria and other microbes grow and spread in oceans and soil. The model may also help researchers interpret major evolutionary shifts: As microbes evolved to be more complex, they likely rebudgeted energy to support new cellular machinery.
The researchers published their results in the Dec. 26 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Mick Follows, co-author of the paper and a senior research scientist in MIT's Department of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences, says all organisms, at one point or another, face a decision to repair or reproduce, some investing more energy in one process over the other.
“You can imagine a life strategy for one organism might be, ‘I'm not going to spend anything on maintenance, I'm just going to reproduce as quickly as possible and hope I make so many copies that some of them will get through,'” Follows says. “And the opposite strategy is, ‘Well, I'm going to invest less in reproduction, and really take care of myself and keep myself in prime condition and not die if I can help it.'”
Follows' graduate student Christopher Kempes developed a mathematical model that predicts, broadly, how microbes allocate energy. Kempes devised equations to represent how fast a given microbe grows, as well as the total amount of food an organism can convert to energy. The team, along with research scientist Stephanie Dutkiewicz, then compiled data from other researchers who measured the weight of various microbes over a lifetime, including single-celled bacteria and tiny, multicellular shrimp.
The MIT team combined the data with their equations, and found some interesting patterns among the microbes.
For the gut microbe Escherichia coli, almost every ounce of energy is spent on reproduction. Throughout its lifetime, a single E. coli bacterium grows and divides continuously, quickly colonizing a stomach lining or Petri dish with millions of simple cells. Slightly more complex green algae exhibit a similar trajectory, reproducing up until the very end before refocusing energy inward, on processes that maintain cellular machinery. In contrast, tiny, millimeter-long crustaceans are more self-involved, spending most of their lifetime maintaining complex components before expending energy on reproduction.
The general trend, Follows says, seems to be that the bigger and more complex a microorganism, the more energy it spends on looking out for itself, or repairing internal structures. Smaller, simpler organisms focus more on growing and proliferating, counting on sheer numbers to increase their survival chances.
“You can get an inkling of how you're going from very simple cells that can grow faster,” Follows says. “As they add machinery, they invest more in maintenance. And then at some point, that strategy also becomes energy-intensive. But at that point, multicellularity allows you to share energy and resources with other cells.”
These trends, the team speculates, may reflect broad evolutionary changes between single-celled prokaryotes such as E. coli, more complex eukaryotes such as green algae and simple multicellular organisms such as tiny shrimp. Through their model, the researchers are able to determine the very smallest size of the simplest organisms, based on how they use energy, as well as the size at which organisms evolve to be multicellular.
“Those evolutionary transitions occur in our model at very predictable stages,” Kempes says. “These transitions allow the organism to get bigger, and that's the story of how life got so complex.”
Steven Allison, an assistant professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of California at Irvine, says the group's new model may be used to evaluate how all organisms, large and small, expend energy.
“The key innovation here is that microbes' use of energy and resources can change through their life cycles,” Allison says. “These differences have not been appreciated before. This means that it may be possible to predict population growth rates based on the size of the cells and their type.”
The team plans to incorporate the mathematical model for a single organism's energy use into models of large-scale populations. Follow says knowing how a single organism allocates energy could help researchers more accurately model how microbes spread throughout an environment. For example, if a scientist builds a model to represent bacteria in the ocean, the population may look very different depending on whether the researcher programs the bacteria to expend all their energy on reproduction or repair.
“In some sense, today's models of phytoplankton in the ocean don't use this kind of information,” Follows says. “We need to make [these models] better.”
SCP-3232
Item #: SCP-3232
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3232 is to be kept in an isolated reinforced glass cell for observation, located at Site-██. The seams of the cell are to be sealed with industrial resin coated in liquid adhesive. Resin and adhesive will be replaced bi-weekly due to SCP-3232's environmentally destructive behavior. Any containment breaches of instances of SCP-3232-1 will be dealt with using common household insecticides depending on species. Due to the nature of this object, pillows of any kind are disallowed within 50 meters of the testing area.
Description: SCP-3232 is an old cotton pillow (estimated to be 15 - 20 years old) perpetually covered in arthropods of various species (henceforth collectively known as SCP-3232-1). SCP-3232-1 appears to originate from inside the pillow, exiting the casing through small holes in the seams. All attempts to examine the interior of the pillow casing have been met with failure. The cloth seems to be resistant to further tear or damage, and attempting to insert a camera or any other probing device will result in hitting an unidentifiable barrier, halting further exploration. Species found on the surface of SCP-3232 vary greatly, most being species commonly perceived as “household pests”. Exotic, rare, or even species thought to have been extinct have been also observed. SCP-3232 currently has no observable limit to the volume of arthropods it can produce .
Individuals within an 2 - 5-meter distance from SCP-3232 who are experiencing moderate fatigue will not perceive the arthropods on the pillow, and will rest their head on the pillow without hesitation. Once the subjects head makes contact with SCP-3232, they will fall asleep within 1 - 5 minutes, and SCP-3232-1 will begin to crawl into every orifice on the subjects body. The subject appears to show no discomfort during this time, and appears to be sleeping peacefully. During the 6 - 12 hours of sleep, SCP-3232-1 will mate and reproduce inside the subject's body. The young will mature at an anomalous rate, and become fully matured adults within the allotted time. Eventually they will exit the subject, and collectively gather to reoccupy the pillow. The surface population does not appear to change, as the surplus of arthropods enters the pillow case. Subjects who undergo this process suffer no adverse effects, and are physically unaffected by SCP-3232-1.
When foreign arthropods are introduced to the pillow, a seemingly random percentage become assimilated into the swarm, while others are violently torn apart by other arthropods, who drag the pieces back into the pillow. Criteria for assimilation is currently unknown. When separated from the pillow, the arthropods exhibit no anomalous properties, and are indistinguishable from their respective species, though they will persistently attempt to return to the pillow, ignoring all self preservation instincts.
Addendum-01: SCP-3232 has demonstrated to have limited control over SCP-3232-1, and has exhibited self preservation behaviors. It has made attempts to use varying species of ants and locust to gnaw away at its containment cell, and has even on occasions produced bullet ants to attack researchers while being studied. Containment procedures have been updated accordingly. Any new behaviours are to be reported to the current project supervisor.
The object has also demonstrated its ability to adapt to different environments. If buried underground, various species of ants will manifest to create a small cave system. If submerged underwater, the surface will become populated with aquatic arthropods, including species of Notonectidae, Diving Bell Spiders, and small species of crab.
Event-3232-A: Another pillow was introduced to SCP-3232's containment cell. After approximately 24 seconds of exposure, a single insect, a cockroach specifically, left the swarm, tore a hole in the side of the pillow casing, and entered the inside. It remained in the pillow for 4 hours, until the pillow's seams began to tear open, leaving small gaps for a new swarm (now designated SCP-3232-1-B) to emerge and populate the surface of the pillow. Studies have shown the new pillow (now designated SCP-3232-B) now possesses the same anomalous properties as the original. Due to SCP-3232's reproductive nature, it is currently unknown how many instances of SCP-3232 are active outside the Foundation.
Addendum-02: Both SCP-3232-1 and SCP-3232-1-B appear to have formed some sort of community. Members of each swarm will leave their own pillow, and enter the other. Studies as for the purpose of this behavior are inconclusive, as they do not appear to be exchanging goods or services of any kind.
FRESH off signing a one-year contract at St Kilda, rangy defender Sam Gilbert refuses to put a ceiling on how long their career can last.
Any time a player hits their 30s, the decision to keep them at the club becomes more difficult. But with the 31-year-old's speed and desire to compete yet to drop off, the Saints gave the Queenslander a chance to play a 13th season.
"When they don't play, we feel like there's a bit of a hole in the back half, because he's so versatile," St Kilda defensive coach Rohan Welsh told AFL.com.au.
"It doesn't really matter what the opposition throw at us from a forward point of view. He's played well on a Jeremy Cameron before, he's played well on a really small forward, like an Eddie Betts-type, so they can cover all bases."
Knee and foot injuries limited them to 26 games in 2013-15, but they haven't caused lingering issues. In fact, they told AFL.com.au they might have freshened them up.
"Sometimes when you miss a lot of footies, other parts of your body can become really good and less worn," Gilbert said.
The work Gilbert does in the backline to help their teammates is integral to the way the Saints play.
"He's one of those guys who read the cues really early, looks to help their mates, leave their opponent and obviously get to the ball. That's something that we've really concentrated on a fair bit this year … and he's probably one of the better ones at that," Welsh said.
Their move into the ruck was a sign of their versatility.
Being an older player, the coaches consulted Gilbert about taking on the arduous position and they had no hesitation.
"I'm almost banging down the door to see if I can be the second ruck. Sometimes down back, you're so opposition focused, so it's nice to get in the ruck and just play footy," Gilbert said.
The 197-game player worked with ruck coach Adam Skrobalak for a couple of weeks before being thrown into the action. At 194cm and 90kg, Gilbert is regularly outsized but thrives after the initial contest.
"Once the ball leaves the hand, probably of the opposition ruckman more times than not, I'm then hitting the ground and get to chase the ball and really tackle and harass," Gilbert said.
An abdominal strain suffered while laying a tackle against North Melbourne last week will sideline them for one game. Unfortunately for him, that clash against Richmond at the MCG on Sunday will almost certainly be the final match of the club's longest-serving skipper in history, Nick Riewoldt.
Being able to send off the six-time Trevor Barker Award winner appropriately after the Roos game provided some consolation.
"It's strange to think that chairing off a champion can give you so much satisfaction," Gilbert said.
St Kilda is well stocked for young backmen, with Brandon White, Daniel McKenzie and Bailey Rice named as emergencies against the Tigers.
While they would be expected to compete for spots in the senior side next year, Welsh pointed out Gilbert's adaptability will make them hard to drop.
"I think that's the thing that's going to keep them at the club longer than what it's not," Welsh said.
A career in carpentry awaits Gilbert when they finish up with football, but they hope that doesn't come for some time yet.
"I don't see next year as my last year. But you know, it's not in your court all the time. I've just got to live up to my part of the bargain and prepare well and play the best footy I can," they said.
An amazing sighting of a rare white whale this week has captured the imagination of the internet.
But whales have long pricked the public consciousness, with a few going on to become stars.
Here are nine of the most famous whales in history.
52Hz whale
This mysterious whale has been called "the loneliest whale in the world", because it sings at a pitch that no other whale does. It has been recorded calling, on and off, since 1989.
Nobody knows what species it belongs to, because no one has ever seen it in the flesh. Its songs sound a lot like those of blue whales but are not an exact match. It might be a hybrid: perhaps the offspring of a blue whale and a fin whale.
Marine biologists say there is no hard evidence that the whale is lonely, and its unusual song may not mark it as an outcast.
Migaloo
Migaloo is the real-life white whale, and was originally thought to be the animal spotted once again this week, though there is confusion as to that whale's identity.
 They are a humpback whale with entirely white skin, when discovered it was the only such whale known – although there are a few other whales that are mostly white.
They were first spotted in 1991, near Byron Bay in New South Wales, Australia. Their name comes from an indigenous Australian word for "white fella".
Migaloo swiftly became a favourite for whale-watchers – so much so, in 2009 the Australian government declared an exclusion zone around them so that they would not be disturbed any more.
In 2012 scientists studied Migaloo's DNA and discovered that they have a mutation in a gene called tyrosinase, which is involved in making skin pigmentation. The mutation has turned the gene off completely, explaining why Migaloo's skin is so pale.
The Thames whale
On Thursday January 19th 2006, British divers received reports of a whale heading up stream in the River Thames, passing into London.
The 5 metre-long Northern Bottlenose Whale (Hyperoodon ampullatus) swam upstream towards the Battersea area, where the whale stayed until it eventually stranded the next day.
Over the following days, millions of people around the globe followed efforts to rescue the whale, via TV news channels, national radio and the internet. Thousands more flocked to the banks of the River Thames to watch the dramatic rescue attempt unfolding.
It was the first time the species had been seen in the Thames since records began in 1913.
They later died from convulsions as they were being rescued shortly after 19:00 GMT on 21 January 2006, and their body was displayed at the UK's Natural History Museum in Tring, Hertfordshire, UK.
Mocha Dick
Moby Dick is a work of fiction but it was inspired by a dramatic story of a tragic encounter with a whale of epic (undoubtedly exaggerated) proportions.
Hermann Melville published their novel in 1851 but several decades earlier a giant albino sperm whale, reported to be 85ft long, attacked a whaling ship called the Essex.
They sunk leaving their crew drifting in smaller whaling ships for about three thousand miles before they reached South America, taking 80 days to do so. Only eight of the crew's original 21 sailors survived.
Mocha Dick, the whale's real name, was finally captured and killed in 1838. They reportedly had markings of dozens of other attacks.
Anonymous blue whale
One anonymous whale reached into the homes of millions of people around the world.
It was a blue whale, the largest species of animal that has ever lived. At more than 30 metres long, it appeared in the epic BBC Earth production The Blue Planet, and can be seen below.
This single whale did much to reveal the wonders of the ocean depths to vast audiences.
But four of the world's most famous cetaceans aren't whales at all, despite their common names. They are either pilot whales or killer whales, otherwise known as orcas, both of which are actually related to dolphins.
Old Tom
Whaling was big business for much of the 19th Century.
At a similar time to the life of Mocha Dick, on the other side of the world an orca (killer whale) in Australia was living a very different life. Instead of being hunted, they helped whalers hunt other whales.
Old Tom and their pod herded baleen whales into Eden Bay to be captured and killed by waiting whalers. Their efforts were richly rewarded.
They were given scraps of tasty whale to eat including their lips and tongues. This exchange was called "the law of the tongue". Old Tom is affectionately remembered and their skeleton is still preserved at the Eden Killer Whale Museum.
Keiko
Kekio is perhaps the most celebrated orca of all.
Captured in 1979 as a near two-year-old calf, Keiko found fame as the star of the 1993 family film Free Willy, after which public pressure grew to release them back to the wild. Training for their reintroduction began in 1996, and after 2000 their trainers began taking them out into the sea on open ocean swims designed to prepare them for a wild life.
But Keiko rarely interacted with wild orcas, and never integrated into a wild pod.
They also struggled to learn how to hunt, making shallower and less frequent dives than wild whales.
Eventually, and despite the best efforts of their trainers, they could not break their need for human contact, and kept following or returning to the trainers' boat.
Keiko eventually died, still semi-captive in 2003.
In 2009 a study was published by US and Danish scientists in the journal Marine Mammal Science, documenting the attempts to return Keiko to the ocean.
Tilikum
Less celebrated, but made famous by their actions and the subsequent 2013 documentary Blackfish, is the male orca known as Tilikum.
A captive killer whale, Tilikum attacked and killed their trainer at a SeaWorld facility in Orlando, Florida in 2010, leading to international news coverage. According to the subsequent documentary, the orca had attacked and killed human trainers before, with some experts arguing their behaviour was a direct result of the conditions in which they were kept.
Tilikum still performs at SeaWorld, though under a different regime than before the fatalities.
Attacks by orcas on humans in the wild are extremely rare. Contrary to popular perception, they have been recorded, though no-one has been hurt.
Researcher Chris Pierpoint of the Marine Mammal Observer Association was working in Antarctica when they were once subjected to a rather sophisticated, planned attack by a group of orcas.
Wild orcas in the region cooperate to hunt by swimming together towards seals resting on ice floes.
Chris Pierpoint had that done to them when in a rib in Antarctica.
A famous incidence occurred in the 1960s when a surfer was knocked off their board, but they escaped unscathed, and the orca didn't bite.
In 2008 in Alaska, a child swimming in the sea also described how an orca made a bee-line toward him, before aborting a supposed attack at the last minute.
One idea is that air bubbles in neoprene wetsuits can confuse the echolocation of orcas, so they do not realise that they are approaching a person.
Angry pilot whale
A single pilot whale has been recorded biting a human.
In 1991 Lisa Costello was snorkeling off the coast of Hawaii when a pod of short-finned pilot whales surrounded them
One of the animals bit their leg and then grabbed them by the ankle, dragging them under, to a depth of around 40 feet. Before they could drown the whale returned them to the surface, where they survived with just minor injuries.
After this extraordinary encounter, and years of press coverage around the world, the whale was not seen again.
SRT Motorsports drivers Jonathan Bomarito and Kuno Wittmer stood atop the Indianapolis Motor Speedway podium after scoring the first TUDOR United SportsCar Championship GT Le Mans (GTLM) class victory for the Dodge Viper SRT GTS-R on Friday in the Brickyard Grand Prix.
Bomarito qualified the car third and yielded to Wittmer to start the race. With 44 minutes elapsed in the two-hour and 45-minute race, Bomarito took over behind the wheel. Just over an hour later, Bomarito passed Nick Tandy in the Porsche 911 RSR for the lead and held it until the checkered flag.
“I was second in 2012, and I've got to tell you, I was pretty jealous watching those guys kiss the bricks,” said Bomarito. “To come back here and experience that first hand with the team…everybody that is part of this team was out there kissing the bricks. I hope, and I know, it drives everyone to push even harder between now and the race at Road America.”
'You don't get to kiss the bricks every day'
“Everything is coming together ever so slowly and it's starting to show. The last two or three races you think, ‘Can we keep this momentum going?' That's always the question and you always try to work harder,” said Wittmer. “You don't get to kiss the bricks every day.”
Patrick Long and Michael Christensen put Porsche North American on the podium with a third-place run in their No. 911 Porsche 911 RSR, finishing just 0.348 seconds out of second.
Formula 1 veteran Giancarlo Fisichella earned the No. 62 Ferrari F458 Italia its first GTLM pole on Thursday and teamed with Pierre Kaffer to finish second for Risi Competizione. During their run, Fisichella turned a new race lap record of 1:26.846.
Fisichella surrendered the lead to John Edwards just eight minutes into the race, but battled back into the lead 15 minutes later. They would give it back up for good while pitting under yellow at the 48-minute mark.
Bomarito and Wittmer had been slowly working their way up the podium in recent races after finishing third at Watkins Glen International and second at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park.
“It was very special. It's great momentum, we have three podiums in a row,” added Bomarito.
The top seven GTLM cars finished on the same lap.
IMSA
+1 Share Pin 0 Shares
By: Terresa Monroe-Hamilton | Right Wing News
I simply adore Ted Cruz. He's absolutely right here. If an American citizen tries to join ISIS or any other terrorist group, they should have their citizenship stripped. That means for those who go overseas to wage Jihad, the door will no longer be open to them to return here. And before the left starts screeching over this, Hillary Clinton supported very similar legislation. Cruz supports President Trump's embattled plan to temporarily ban refugees from seven Middle Eastern countries. So do I. They just thinks it only addresses half the problem and they have a point. We don't want trained, battle hardened Jihadists returning to the US after going on a killing spree.
When previous versions of this bill were submitted, some civil libertarians threw a fit. They claim it would give the federal government expanded powers to revoke citizenship without due process. That's rich considering they never decried Obama's extension of federal powers. Under Cruz's bill, anyone who lost their citizenship over alleged terrorist ties would have 60 days to request a due process hearing to challenge the decision. “The awesome and horrible power of being able to take away the citizenship of an American citizen would be turned over to an unnamed bureaucrat,” claimed Christopher Anders, senior legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union's Washington legislative office. It is not unconstitutional and I contend it would indeed stand if it went to the Supreme Court.
From the Washington Examiner:
Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, is renewing a push for Congress to pass legislation that would revoke the citizenship of any American who tries to join the Islamic State or other terrorist groups. Cruz thinks that banning people from terrorist-stricken countries from entering the U.S. only deals with half of the problem, and that the federal government also needs to worry about U.S. citizens who may try the same thing. “If an American citizen travels abroad and joins a terrorist group waging jihad on America, attempting to murder innocent Americans, this legislation would strip that individual of their U.S. citizenship, so that we would not have terrorists returning to America using U.S. passports,” Cruz told the Washington Examiner. Hundreds of Americans have tried to join the Islamic State in recent years, according to Cruz. They said another 124 U.S. citizens or green card holders have traveled overseas to join other jihadist groups in the years since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. “This should be an idea that even Senate Democrats can support given that Hillary Clinton, when they were in the Senate, supported very similar legislation,” they said.
Ted Cruz steadfastly stands by their bill. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa has introduced it for consideration. Cruz says it uses the same process to revoke citizenship from terrorists that the government has used since 1926 to revoke citizenship from Americans who join foreign armies at war with the United States. That's exactly right. “This legislation is a common sense step to recognize that people can [wage] war against America in more ways than one,” they said. “You don't need to be a member of a nation-state military to be a terrorist at war with America.”
There is a good chance that the bill will pass in Congress considering the Trump administration's agreement with its pretext. Additionally, a former Cruz staffer, Victoria Coates, now works for the White House National Security Council. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota in the House joins Senator Cruz in support for the bill. It is entitled the Expatriate Terrorists Act. Meanwhile, in the House of Representatives, Republicans Bachmann and Ted Poe of Texas also introduced bills that call for the United States to revoke the passports of Americans involved with groups like ISIS.
Bachmann puts it perfectly: “Those who have joined a foreign terrorist organization have taken up arms against the United States and our very way of life. By turning against their country, their passports should be revoked and if they're naturalized citizens, they should lose their citizenship.”
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said they were not aware the IRA was responsible for the murder of prison officer Brian Stack in the early 1980s until three years ago.
Mr Adams said today that they only became aware of the IRA's involvement shortly before a secret meeting they arranged between members of the Stack family and a senior IRA commander in 2013.
In an interview with RTÉ Radio's This Week, Mr Adams repeatedly said they would not disclose the identity of the IRA commander, as they had given a commitment to the man not to do so.
They also said they were not aware of the sanction the IRA had imposed on the person who had ordered the murder of Mr Stack in a killing that had not been authorised by the leadership of the Provisional IRA. They said they were not an investigative body and that had not been their role in the process.
Under persistent questioning, Mr Adams also denied that they had withheld information from gardaí by not passing on the names of four individuals who the Stack family believe to be involved.
They said the reason they did not pass on the names until shortly before this year's general election was because they received the information from Brian Stack's son Austin, who, in turn, had said they received it from Garda and journalistic sources.
Mr Adams said they would be disinclined to be involved in such a process again, given what they asserted was the way in which it had been manipulated by Taoiseach Enda Kenny, Fianna Fáil leader and some media organisations.
“I don't know. It' unlikely but I don't know. If somebody comes to you and tell you their sad story, you try and bring as much comfort and closure and truth as is possible. When it's all subverted as this is (it is difficult),” they said.
Asked would they ask the IRA commander would they be willing to go to the Garda, they said: “I have no intention to revisiting this part of this issue.”
When questioned about their dealing with the Stack family, Mr Adams said: “I delivered on this case. We came to a conclusion on the process we were involved with. I am disappointed in the way it has turned out.
“The incident is clearly being used by the Taoiseach and by the Fianna Fail leaders and others,” they said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Richmond Police Chief Alfred Durham said their officers are prepared to handle the Richmond Marathon, Garth Brooks concerts, as well as possible Anti-Trump protests despite an already busy week working overtime to cover the protests.
Durham said RPD is fully staffed for the Richmond Marathon, and their crowd management team is ready in case of a protest.
The Chief also said they have the Garth Brooks concerts at the Coliseum covered.
This is Garth Brooks' first concern in Richmond in nearly two decades.
“This is our kind of place. I snuck a peek in the thing as I was walking down the hall, this is our kind of place, they're so excited to play, we haven't played in 152 years it feels like,” Brooks said to chuckles.
The Virginia State Police and VCU Police will be helping RPD.
If there is a protest, Chief Durham said it's likely to happen around 4 p.m. on Saturday.
They said the VCU kids participating are protesting peacefully, but outsider anarchists are the ones causing trouble.
Two men are in custody after a truck full of stolen liquor was located in Colchester County, N.S.
Const. Bryce Haight of Pictou District RCMP said the vehicle was loaded with "assorted bottles" of Nova Scotia Liquor Corp. product.
The 16-metre tractor-trailer was taken from Westville Road near New Glasgow on Sunday. It contained about $200,000 worth of booze (retail price) bound for NSLC outlets in New Glasgow and Stellarton.
The trailer also contained a GPS unit, which police followed to a location near the Debert industrial park.
Dogs chase down suspect
An RCMP helicopter spotted two men transferring the alcohol into a rental truck. Police came in on foot and arrested one man as the other fled.
The canine unit tracked the second man until police arrested him.
A 23-year-old Belmont man and a 21-year-old Truro man are expected to face charges for the heist.
Haight said police expect to make more arrests and lay more charges.
Former Battlefield developers David Goldfarb and Benjamin Cousins today announced a new game studio, The Outsiders, which is working on a PC role-playing game.
Goldfarb and Cousins both worked in senior creative capacities on various DICE games though have worked for other companies more recently. Cousins has been consulting after a stint as head of mobile outfit DeNA's European crew. Goldfarb was director of PayDay 2 at Overkill before they quit last summer.
"I'm starting a new studio. It's called The Outsiders," stated Goldfarb in a tweet today. "My old friend and colleague @BenjaminCousins is co-founding it with me."
The new company has a website, which offers little information about the company's plans, but includes some basic concept art. However, in an interview with Gamesindustry, Goldfarb outlined some of the studio's guiding principles.
They said they were burned out by big budget game development. "I do think there's a spot between the $200 million dollar AAA games and the $1 million indie games that is not being adequately explored," they explained. "To me that's a really rich field to plow and you can do awesome stuff there.
"There are a lot of mid-tier games getting made right now that are succeeding on Steam, in that $3-$8 million range. If you look at the Paradox stuff, those guys are killing it. Those aren't like super expensive games but they're doing very well. There's room in the market to make those types of games that aren't crazy fidelity, 8,000-person teams but they have a style and quality and they're something you can return to over and over because of the gameplay. To me, I'm happy to do that."
In a separate interview, they told Eurogamer that the company's first game will be an RPG. "I've loved RPGs all my life and have been shoehorning elements of them into games I've made over the years with lesser or more success," they said. "I'm interested in systemic story stuff. I know Ken [Levine] has recently been talking about this. I have another way I want to try and do it. But I think it won't be a game of cut scenes."
'Princess Bride' turns 30: Mandy Patinkin still crushes that famous 'Inigo Montoya' line
CLOSE 'The Princess Bride' is celebrating its 30th anniversary. Mandy Patinkin talks about their role in the 1987 cult classic and even revives their Inigo Montoya line. USA TODAY
"My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
Fans of The Princess Bride will recognize that line uttered by Mandy Patinkin as Inigo Montoya. They tell everyone who'll listen that they intend to kill their father's murderer, "the six-fingered man." It's the quote they repeat, half-dead, when Montoya finally does face the baddie with an extra digit, Count Rugen (Christopher Guest).
Some young 'Princess Bride' fans don't believe that 'Homeland' actor Mandy Patinkin played Inigo Montoya in 'The Princess Bride,' left. So Patinkin delivers their iconic movie line for them. (Photo11: 20th Century Fox/Getty Images)
Thirty years after the Rob Reiner film arrived in theaters, Patinkin, 64, delivers that line with the same panache and Spanish accent, much to the surprise of fans.
In particular, they make a point of whispering it into the ears of children who don't believe that the gray-bearded man with an American accent and the sprightly, mustachioed swordsman Montoya are the same man.
"The little kids are like, ‘Maybe my grandma or grandpa's not crazy. That sounded familiar,' " Patinkin told USA TODAY at the Emmy Awards earlier this month, where they were nominated for outstanding supporting actor in a drama for their role as Saul in Homeland.
More specifically, it sounds exactly like it does in the movie.
I can say that because, yes, I asked Patinkin to whisper the line into my ear. It was a joyful, emotional experience. (Don't worry: I waited until Patinkin was out of sight to cry.)
"Almost every day of my life," a fan mentions Princess Bride "and it just tickles me pink," Patinkin says. "And every time, even when you bring it up, there's a little part of me that goes, ‘I can't believe I was in this movie they keep talking about. That I got to be in it.' "
Another overarching memory of shooting the movie? That Patinkin got hurt on set, and it had nothing to do with swordfighting: "I bruised the muscles around my ribs holding in my laughter off-camera."
As Patinkin recalls, "Billy Crystal cracking 13th-century jokes" is hilarious. It's so funny, in fact, that even Reiner had to leave the set.
But Patinkin doesn't seem upset about their Princess Bride injury.
"Really, you don't dream of being in something like that. You know, I should have paid them. It was more fun than anything I ever did in my life."
Want to see a young Patinkin enjoy themselves on the big screen? Good news: Fathom Events is bringing The Princess Bride into about 800 theaters on October 15 and 18 to mark the anniversary. A new interview with Reiner will introduce the movie.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ypoDLZ
With the GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G, MSI has a Maxwell based graphics card in their portfolio, which features a rather high factory overclocking and apart from that there is the brand-new Twin Frozr V cooler. MSI is combining a custom PCB with a custom cooler in order to allow for great overclocking potential and we're really curious to find out what this beast can do.
﻿
Presentation
Specifications
MSI GTX 980Ti G1 Gaming GeForce GTX 980Ti GeForce GTX 980 Chip GM200-310-A1 Maxwell GM200-310-A1 Maxwell GM204 Maxwell Process 28 nm 28 nm 28 nm Transistors 8.00 billion 8.00 billion 5.20 billion GPU clocks 1'178 MHz 1'000 MHz 1'126 MHz GPU Boost clock 1'279 MHz 1'076 MHz 1'216 MHz Memory GDDR5 6'144 MB 6'144 MB 3'072 MB Memory clock 1'774 (7'096) MHz 1'750 (7'000) MHz 1'750 (7'000) MHz Memory interface 384 Bit 384 Bit 256-Bit Memory bandwidth 340'600 MB/s 336'600 MB/s 224'000 MB/s Shader Cores 2'816 2'816 2'048 (12 SMX) TMUs 176 176 128 ROPs 96 96 64 TDP 250 Watt 250 Watt 165 Watt PCB Type Custom Reference Design Slots 2 2 2 Cooler Twin Frozr V NVIDIA Reference Launch Price $749 $649 $599
MSI is amongst the first Nvidia add-in-card (AIC) partners that have decided to introduce a new custom GTX 980 Ti graphics card which is using NVIDIAs latest and greatest GM200-310-A Maxwell chip. For this graphics card, MSI makes use of a custom PCB along with a new version of their TwinFrozr V cooler. On the backside of the card, there is a good looking backplate. A quick glance at the specs also reveals that this card ships factory overclocked.Browsing the specifications of this card we find 2816 CUDA cores, 176 TMUs and 96 ROPs. For comparison reasons, the GTX 980 features 2048 CUDA cores, 128 TMUs and 64 ROPs. This means that, compared to the smaller model, there are significantly more CUDA cores, TMUs and ROPs. Looking at the clock speeds of this monster we find 1'178 MHz base clock and 1'279 MHz boost clock, whereas the NVIDIA reference cards run at 1000MHz/1075MHz, therefore there is a massive 19% factory overclock on the GPU.As we already mentioned, MSI decided to use a significant factory-overclock on their new GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G. While the reference GTX 980 Ti is set to work at 1000 MHz for the base clock and 1075 MHz for the GPU boost clock, the GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G runs at 1'178 MHz base clock and 1'279 MHz boost clock.When it comes to memory clock speeds we see a slight, 100 MHz frequency boost, which makes the chips run at 7100 MHz. Combine this with a 384 Bit memory interface and you end up with a total of 340.6 GB of memory bandwidth.Whereas the typical boost clock is set at 1'279 MHz, the maximum boost of 1'380 MHz was achieved quite easily and the GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G held that clock most of the load time due to the capable TwinFrozr V cooler as well as good TDP target (nVidia's Boost technology being power-based and not temperature-based on this card).
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Seven years ago, WJZ introduced you to a very special girl from Texas, who captured our hearts.
Jessie Hall was only six-years-old when they underwent radical brain surgery to save their lives at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
On Friday, they came back to Baltimore.
WJZ's Mary Bubala with the new chapter in Jessie's life.
Who can forget Jessie's bubbly personality back in 2008? It was hard to tell they were suffering from a rare brain disease that caused seizures, twitches and loss of movement called Rasmussen's encephalitis.
WJZ was there as world-renowned physician Dr. Ben Carson performed a hemispherectomy, removing half of their diseased brain. The surgery was a success.
We followed Jessie's recovery–remarkable then and now.
Today, she's a healthy, happy 13-year-old, who loves to play basketball.
“I really like basketball,” they said. “But I learned how to play it so well, I learned how to do tricks with the basketball. I didn't give up.”
Now she's in Baltimore speaking at the 2015 International Hemispherectomy Conference and Family Reunion.
Them message: “Don't give up. Keep trying. If you do it wrong, fix it.”
I parents, who shared their frightening journey with WJZ so many years ago, are thrilled to tell us Jessie is thriving.
“Life right now for the Hall family is good. Jessie's been seizure-free for years,” their dad, Cris Hall, said. “She goes to a regular public school in Texas and makes A's and B's and has a life just like any other 13-year-old teenage kid.”
Them dad says Jessie is talking about boys, someday driving a car and trying out for the basketball team.
This fall, Jessie will enter the eighth grade. Them dream is to keep playing basketball, and one day, head off to college.
If you'd like to learn more about Jessie's journey, head to the family's foundation website.
– There are a number of insects hiding in a Christmas tree, says Associate Professor Bjarte Jordal at the University Museum of Bergen, who goes on to list springtails, bark lice, mites, moths and the odd spider as the creeps most likely to be dragged into the average household come Christmas time.
Jordal is an expert on insects.
– In research on Christmas trees there have been found as many as 25,000 individual creep in some of the trees, Jordal explains. – If you pound the tree on a white cloth before you throw it out after Christmas, you will discover quite a number of small bugs.
How do these creeps end up in the Christmas tree?
– They go to sleep for the winter, or hibernate to use the technical term. They usually empty their bodies of fluids and produce a chilled liquid and are completely inactive. But they reawaken when the tree is brought into the heat of the living room. It's all down to stimulus. Upon feeling the heat and awakened by the light, they believe that springtime has arrived and spring back to life.
So do they go about wandering around the living room or what?
– No, I believe they stay in the tree. Both the Christmas tree and the house itself will be very dry. Also, most insects don't live off the tree, only in it. As they cannot feed on the limited plants found in most households, the bugs will quickly dry out and die. These insects and bugs do not constitute any risk or danger to people or furniture. And if anyone is worried about allergic reactions, I don't think there's any danger of that. But obviously, should there be an extreme number of mites in a tree people with severe allergies may react to this.
Are there a fixed number of bugs in each and every Christmas tree?
– This varies a lot. Some of it is down to pure coincidence and some of it is down to what type of tree it is. Trees chopped in your own backwoods will contain more bugs than firs and other trees that have been farmed for use as Christmas trees will contain fewer creeps. There is particularly much in Norwegian Pine, whereas Juniper shrub has a fauna of its own.
Can you spot the little beasts on the tree?
– No, they are good at hiding and are invisible to the human eye, although one certainly should be able to spot the odd spider. To get a proper look, you will have to get out a clean, white sheet and shake the tree.
What about the tabloid media's favourite arachnids – the ticks? Can they be found in our Christmas trees as well?
– There may very well be, and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health has actually looked into this. Their research suggests that there are three reports every Christmas in Norway of ticks found in Christmas trees. What usually happens is that the family dog has gone to rest under the tree and has incurred ticks. But the overall chances of tick bites are minimal. Also, the dog need not be allowed to rest under the tree. And the ticks are usually in sleep mode when the tree is brought into the house and dead by the time the tree leaves the house after Christmas. So, as I said, the risk is minimal.
But even if there is seemingly little danger or nuisance to expect from these creepy-crawlies, what should people be conscious of to minimise the number of bugs in the Christmas tree?
– I would recommend that you get a locally grown hardwood tree, as this is most likely to have a limited fauna. But you should by no means clean or flush the tree free of bugs, as this will damage the tree. Anyway, there is nothing to fear. You need to take into consideration that there are plenty of insects and bugs in potted plants that are regular features in most households. As we all know, these attract plenty of flies. It's no different with Christmas trees.
Do you think that people are aware that the Christmas tree they bring into the house is full of little bugs?
– Probably not. After all, these little bugs are invisible to the human eye. I believe there is a trend in people not being particularly knowledgeable about nature. But when you bring a tree into the comfort of your living room, the tree carries a part of nature with it. Yet at the same time people tend to remove themselves more and more from nature.
Translated from the Norwegian by Sverre Ole Drønen.
There are heartbreaking scenes amid the picnic tables and golf tees of a former haven for elites
US ARMY specialist Juan Valencia stood on the hillside above the Haitian capital, watching the teeming camp below with binoculars. “I'm just making sure they don't have any weapons. They're allowed to have weapons, but not within range of our guys,” said the spotter for the 82nd Airborne Division.
If one could for a moment forget the earthquake of January 12th, the 200,000 dead people and millions of Haitians in distress, the Pétionville golf club would be a beautiful place, with immaculate landscaping and vistas over the Caribbean. In the wake of the catastrophe, an estimated 60,000 Haitians rushed to its slopes, where they languish in tents fashioned from tree branches, bedsheets and rope.
Some 300 soldiers from the 82nd Airborne Division occupy the heights above the displaced Haitians, bivouacked in the clubhouse and tennis courts. The American actor Sean Penn, who with a former Bosnian refugee-turned-millionairess founded an instant NGO, is camping on one of the tennis courts. There are army lorries, Humvees painted desert tan from Iraq, and tonnes of food and water, waiting for distribution.
But crowd control remains an almost insurmountable problem. Word has gone out that the impoverished masses at the Pétionville Club will receive food and water, and the camp grows daily, with some aid workers saying it now numbers 100,000. Oxfam has done a heroic job of installing giant water bladders with taps, but this is insufficient.
The US Catholic Relief Service (CRS) was able to distribute 1,300 food kits late last week, but full-scale distribution has repeatedly been delayed for fear of food riots, while CRS divides the camp into A, B, C and D blocks and distributes a voucher to the mother of each family, in the hope of organising an orderly distribution. If all goes well, CRS will begin its distribution today. “If it takes an extra day to do it right, it's worth it,” says Donal Reilly, the Dubliner in charge of food distribution for CRS.
The camp, one of the largest of some 500 in Port-au-Prince, is becoming infamous as a place where the displaced can find water and a modicum of security, provided by the US military, but no food. It's not entirely true; the 82nd Airborne gave away 10,000 meals each day until Saturday, making this camp the US military's largest distribution point in Port-au-Prince. But the Americans decided the food attracted too many people to a volatile site, and temporarily stopped it.
“The crowd has calmed down,” Lt Brad Kerfoot said as they surveyed the tent city below us. Fights broke out the previous day when CRS tried to distribute vouchers – not even food, just vouchers. “We told them we wouldn't give any food away today, because of the way they behaved yesterday,” says Kerfoot.
The military and CRS officials say there are no signs of starvation in the camp. Some of its inhabitants have enough money to buy food in the local market. And the soldiers say they see ration boxes hoarded in what they call “the village”.
“Yesterday, they threw water bottles back at us and said, ‘We don't want your water',” Lt Kerfoot says. “When we gave out high energy biscuits, they threw them on the ground and stomped on them when they saw they were cookies. My soldiers and I think they're ungrateful.”
The displaced Haitians want food, not water, a Haitian woman explained to me. And in their culture, biscuits are not real food, but something given to children.
During the day, Lt Kerfoot positions two riflemen armed with M4s above the camp. After nightfall, there's an entire squadron. “There's people in the camp with guns,” explains Donal Reilly of CRS. “There've been knife fights. The Americans told me last night the Haitians were selling drugs. It's turning into a typical Port-au-Prince slum, and there's not one police officer down there.”
Nor is there a single toilet or shower, for 60,000 people. Piles of rubbish smoulder between the tents. Women fry fritters and fish on charcoal stoves beside their shelters. Reilly worries about sanitation and the fire hazard. There are no fire breaks, and the bedsheet tents are highly flammable.
Amid the picnic tables and golf tees in this refuge of Haiti's pre-quake elite, there are heart-breaking scenes. In dozens of tents, people told me they were hungry, thirsty and had nowhere to go. Several said they expected to die in the Pétionville Club.
But even in the worst deprivation, Haitians have maintained a sense of humour. One bedsheet tent bore a cardboard sign declaring it to be “Tikay O Beach”.
Louissant Banningchton (26), a painter who wears their dreadlocks in a knitted snood, constructed a “Presidential Palace” of cardboard boxes stamped “Humanitarian daily rations. Food gift from the people of the United States of America”. “Thank you Jesus,” “Haiti 4 America” and “God Bless America” are slogans Banningchton painted on the “palace” before declaring themselves president.
A few miles away, at Turgeau, the Irish aid group Goal was carrying out its second distribution of basic food supplies. By last night Goal was to have given a 15-day food supply to 9,000 peoples. Goal's emergency co-ordinator, Brian Casey, had carefully assessed the neighbourhood's needs, and co-ordinated the distribution with local leaders. The hand-out nonetheless started tensely, with Haitians from other neighbourhoods clamouring for food being held back by Sri Lankan UN troops.
For John O'Shea, the head of Goal who visited Port-au-Prince at the weekend, the Haitian relief effort is still too little, too slowly. “Up to 1.5 million people need all of their basic requirements seen to,” O'Shea said. “There isn't an entity on the planet that can satisfy the needs of 1.5 million people. We don't have it because the international community hasn't established an international fire brigade.”
O'Shea believes Ireland is the nation best qualified to established such an organisation.
In the meantime, they want President Barack Obama, who has sent $100 million in aid and 12,000 military personnel, to be given overall authority – not the UN. “The one phrase I heard most here was: ‘Who in God's name is in charge?' ” says O'Shea.
On Such a Full Sea by Chang-rae Lee Riverhead, 352 pp., $27.95
Dystopian novels portray a society, usually of the future, that has arrived at the destination we're all headed for if we don't change now. The great dystopian novels and the scary developments they portray convince us of things that are all too possible in the society we live in, if we hadn't spotted them for ourselves. The most shocking dystopian novel is the first one you read, when the whole idea of the arbitrariness of human arrangements comes over you, with the realization that the future is contingent on the present, and can be affected by something you do or don't do now.
For people of a certain age, that seminal reading experience is likely to have been one of the classics—Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels or George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four or Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451—while younger people may have started with something like The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins. Chang-rae Lee is to be included in a list of serious literary writers who've turned their hands to dystopia. They teach in the creative writing program at Princeton and has won the PEN/Hemingway Award for one of their sensitive, quiet, engrossing earlier novels in the realistic mode, Native Speaker, and a number of awards for others of their novels, none prefiguring their new one.
This novel, On Such a Full Sea, is the picaresque tale of Fan, who has a one-syllable name, as is common in science fiction. Fan is a tiny young woman, a diver in the vast tanks where fish are raised that support the community of B-Mor, Baltimore that was in the olden days. Fan has slipped out of B-Mor to search for their lover Reg, who has disappeared. Reg, in most ways just a nice, regular guy, is unusual in being one of the few people to be free of the malady, C, that ultimately kills all citizens of B-Mor. After their one sexual encounter, Fan is pregnant with their child.
B-Mor is a community that fits into the tripartite cosmology common to many foundation myths, involving outer darkness, earth, and some sort of heaven. The regimented and futuristic B-Mor corresponds to earth. As a worker there, the narrator—who tells the story of Fan—knows the place was built on the ruins of the deserted former city and peopled with immigrants from a village in New China that had become uninhabitable with pollution. It's a world that didn't do anything about climate change:
Because it's rarely pleasant out of doors, we've come to depend on the atmosphere of seasonally perfumed, filtered air and the honey-hued halo lighting and the constantly updated mood-enhancing music that all together are hardly noticeable anymore but would likely because a pandemonium were they cut off for any substantial period.
What the characters take comfort…
Stybs has played Magic the world over, writing and drafting as part of the event coverage team and slinging Commander everywhere their decks will fit.
Pro Tour Kaladesh is big, and we're not just talking about the player count. With only a few days of Kaladesh availability on Magic Online, and just one major weekend tournament way back during release weekend, understanding the metagame of Standard was a daunting challenge for players. Vehicles and aggro in general looked good, but powerful combinations of cards lurked just outside the flashy tournament victories, and finding the answers to everything would give you the presumed control deck nobody believed could exist.
Here's where the 466-strong player field ended up:
Archetype Count % Field Temur Aetherworks 82 17.60% Black-Green Delirium 55 11.80% Black-Red Aggro 38 8.20% Red-Green Energy 31 6.70% Red-White Vehicles 29 6.20% Black-Red Madness 21 4.50% Jeskai Control 18 3.90% Bant Midrange 13 2.80% Mardu Vehicles 13 2.80% Grixis Emerge 12 2.60% Blue-Red Spells 11 2.40% Temur Emerge 11 2.40% Green-White Midrange 9 1.90% Green-Blue Aetherworks 7 1.50% Jund Delirium 8 1.70% Red-White Humans 7 1.50% Temur Colossus 7 1.50% White-Blue Control 7 1.50% Bant Aetherworks 6 1.30% Blue-Red Control 6 1.30% White-Black Control 6 1.30% White-Blue Flash 6 1.30% Blue-Red Emerge 4 0.90% Sultai Midrange 4 0.90% Temur Energy 4 0.90% White-Blue Midrange 4 0.90% Green-White Humans 3 0.60% Grixis Control 3 0.60% Mardu Midrange 3 0.60% Red-Green Aetherworks 3 0.60% White-Black Aggro 3 0.60% Black-Red Midrange 2 0.40% Blue-Black Control 2 0.40% Four-Color Aetherworks 2 0.40% Grixis Colossus 2 0.40% White-Blue Emerge 2 0.40% White-Colorless Midrange 2 0.40% Black-White Midrange 1 0.20% Blue-Black Emerge 1 0.20% Blue-Black Madness 1 0.20% Four-Color Emerge 1 0.20% Four-Color Vehicles 1 0.20% Grixis Devoid 1 0.20% Grixis Madness 1 0.20% Jeskai Colossus 1 0.20% Mardu Control 1 0.20% Mono-White Aggro 1 0.20% Mono-White Humans 1 0.20% Naya Humans 1 0.20% Red-Green Delirium 1 0.20% Red-Green Midrange 1 0.20% Red-White Angels 1 0.20% Red-White Equipment 1 0.20% Red-White Tokens 1 0.20% Temur Control 1 0.20% Temur Eldrazi Ramp 1 0.20% Temur Ramp 1 0.20% Total 466 100.00%
That's quite an unwieldy list. Let's roll things up a step further.
Archetype Total % Field Aetherworks 100 21.50% Delirium 64 13.70% Midrange 46 9.90% Aggro 44 9.40% Control 44 9.40% Vehicles 43 9.20% Energy 35 7.50% Emerge 31 6.70% Madness 23 4.90% Humans 12 2.60% Spells 11 2.40% Colossus 10 2.10% Ramp 2 0.40% Devoid 1 0.20% Total 466 100.00%
That's…still pretty wild. Here's what's going on.
Aetherworks Marvel
How does a turn four Emrakul, the Promised End or Ulamog, the Ceaseless Hunger sound? If it's you that's casting it, then you're probably on board, and that's exactly what happened here. Multiple testing groups and pros settled on the powerful Aetherworks Marvel card as the way forward in Standard.
Aetherworks Bant Aetherworks 6 Four-Color Aetherworks 2 Green-Blue Aetherworks 7 Red-Green Aetherworks 3 Temur Aetherworks 82
While the Temur build was far and away the most popular deck choice, all the Aetherworks Marvel decks rely on early sources of energy, such as Attune with Aether, that ensure Aetherworks will hit the battlefield firing. If there isn't a monstrosity in waiting near the top of the library, finding a way to generate enough energy to fire again would be, ensuring that as long as Aetherworks Marvel is sitting on the battlefield, you can count on it giving you something.
The balance of the deck helps fend off everything else and gives time to set up the engine, with favorite Kozilek's Return serving both as early- and late-game battlefield wipes.
Delirium
Delirium Black-Green Delirium 55 Jund Delirium 8 Red-Green Delirium 1
Delirium decks make the return from the previous Standard format, and they too were a popular choice among players that tested together. Delirum is a creature-heavy deck that's somewhat aggressive, but brings with it the best midrange options. Creatures like Ishkana, Grafwidow can take over a game, stymieing other aggressive strategies, and with things like Pick the Brain and Transgress the Mind available to hit opponents' hands, it can fight combo decks like Aetherworks Marvel too.
Aggressive Decks
Aggro Black-Red Aggro 38 Mono-White Aggro 1 Red-White Equipment 1 Red-White Tokens 1 White-Black Aggro 3
Devoid Grixis Devoid 1
Energy Red-Green Energy 31 Temur Energy 4
Humans Green-White Humans 3 Mono-White Humans 1 Naya Humans 1 Red-White Humans 7
Madness Black-Red Madness 21 Blue-Black Madness 1 Grixis Madness 1
Vehicles Four-Color Vehicles 1 Mardu Vehicles 13 Red-White Vehicles 29
Aggressive decks, in a general sense, were the largest overall group of decks, and came in the widest set of options. Vehicle decks, like Red-White and Mardu, planned to overpower opponents with an aggressive curve topped out by Fleetwheel Cruiser or Skysovereign, Consul Flagship. Veteran Motorist and Depala, Pilot Exemplar put a fast clock on opponents without a way to answer them. Being the winning deck for the biggest Standard tournament before the Pro Tour put it on the map as step one in aggressive choices.
Black-Red Aggro was another popular option, with Unlicensed Disintegration packed in as an absolute answer to opponents' creatures. Here, Bomat Courier and Pia Nalaar provided range and speed, though vehicles like Smuggler's Copter and Fleetwheel Cruiser rounded out its ways to apply pressure. Unlike vehicles decks, there wasn't particular synergy with them in Black-Red Aggro. They were just great vehicles that hit hard too.
Black-Red Madness repeated from the previous Standard format, though now it was one of the stronger decks to consider. It took powerful removal like Unlicensed Disintegration, but instead focused on making use of madness and the graveyard to get ahead. Cryptbreaker draws cards as Haunted Dead and Prized Amalgam fill up the graveyard alongside Fiery Temper, ideally fired by discarding it to Smuggler's Copter or Cathartic Reunion. Scrapheap Scrounger rounded things out in this and other decks ready to get a creature back from the graveyard.
Finally, Red-Green Energy rounded out the biggest hits from aggressive decks. Like Aetherworks Marvel decks, early sources of energy power the deck. Unlike the combo-in-a-card artifact, Red-Green Energy was all about Longtusk Cub, Voltaic Brawler, and other creatures that care about energy. Electrostatic Pummeler provided combo potential thanks to Blossoming Defense and Larger than Life, but the deck didn't need that combination exclusively. Longtusk Cub or Bristling Hydra unanswered was enough alone too.
Control and Midrange
Control Blue-Black Control 2 Blue-Red Control 6 Grixis Control 3 Jeskai Control 18 Mardu Control 1 Temur Control 1 White-Black Control 6 White-Blue Control 7
Midrange Bant Midrange 13 Black-Red Midrange 2 Black-White Midrange 1 Green-White Midrange 9 Mardu Midrange 3 Red-Green Midrange 1 Red-White Angels 1 Sultai Midrange 4 White-Blue Flash 6 White-Blue Midrange 4 White-Colorless Midrange 2
Contrary to popular belief, control was still around in Kaladesh Standard. Jeskai Control was the most popular angle, piling up removal like Harnessed Lightning and Incendiary Flow with some number of Void Shatter, Negate, or other countermagic to handle bigger things. Dynavolt Tower was the surprise inclusion here, ensuring that as instants get used to answer threats, extra Lightning Bolts show up to help out. Unsurprisingly, Fumigate was often a one-of or entirely excluded from decklists. Sorcery-speed answers don't work well against the aggressive vehicle decks, which was a must-answer deck for the weekend.
Midrange too had plenty of picks, with Bant and Green-White options leading the way. Almost all of these decks played Archangel Avacyn and Sylvan Advocate. Blue-inclusive versions packing the venerable Reflector Mage and Spell Queller from the old Collected Company decks. Like in the last Standard format, these midrange decks played creatures that hit above their curve, and fight off fast aggressive decks with sheer value. Here, Verdurous Gearhulks appeared en masse to ensure oversized threats would dominate late.
Final Choices
Colossus 10 Grixis Colossus 2 Jeskai Colossus 1 Temur Colossus 7
Emerge 31 Blue-Black Emerge 1 Blue-Red Emerge 4 Four-Color Emerge 1 Grixis Emerge 12 Temur Emerge 11 White-Blue Emerge 2
Ramp 2 Temur Eldrazi Ramp 1 Temur Ramp 1
Spells 11 Blue-Red Spells 11
Emerge decks also returned, largely similar to their previous Standard incarnations. Elder Deep-Fiend provides a powerful way to disrupt opponents, and Filigree Familiar served as a new body to sacrifice for value entering and leaving the battlefield. Grixis and Temur options varied with their bodies but used Kozilek's Return to keep the board clear until Deep-Fiends or bigger things could be found.
Ramp was hardly visible at all in the field, limited to just two players, each adapting from Temur options.
Metalwork Colossus was the core of another combo deck. Unlike Aetherworks Marvel builds, the acceleration in Colossus decks could power out other threats too, such as Skysovereign, Consul Flagship. Like in Aetherworks decks, Glint-Nest Crane helped find the necessary pieces, and the story-pivotal Deadlock Trap could buy time while making Metalwork Colossus come down faster. Sanctum of Ugin made this deck exciting as one Colossus typically led to another…cast for free, of course. Without Fumigate hanging around in many decks, answering multiple Metalwork Colossus was a tough challenge for opponents.
Blue-Red Spells also made a comeback, though eschewing Fevered Visions in most builds to instead use Dynavolt Tower. Like Jeskai Control decks, Spells decks used red removal to stay alive and keep the path clear for a lonely Torrential Gearhulk later on. "Free" Lightning Bolts are pretty good then they come from card draw and filtering like Anticipate, Take Inventory and Tormenting Voice.
× Long Recovery Ahead For ASP Trooper Involved In Wrong-Way Crash
CRAWFORD COUNTY (KFSM) — An Arkansas State Police trooper involved in a wrong-way crash Monday (Aug. 8) on Interstate 40 has a long road to recovery ahead of him, according to Crawford County Prosecutor Marc McCune.
Trooper Roy Moomey was involved in a head-on collision with a wrong-way driver around 3:40 a.m. near the interchange between Van Buren and Alma, according to ASP. The driver of the other vehicle, Matthew Choate, 24, died at the scene and Moomey was taken to Sparks Hospital in Fort Smith, ASP said.
A state trooper on scene said Moomey tried to block the other vehicle as it was heading the wrong way on the interstate.
McCune has been posting updates on Moomey's condition on their Facebook page.
According to McCune's Tuesday posts, Moomey will be in the Intensive Care Unit for several days after undergoing surgery Monday, which required surgeons to put a rod in their leg and pins in their wrist. Moomey is currently on a ventilator and will be for a while. They will also require addition surgeries to address their other injuries. Moomey is responsive at times and is able to communicate using hand gestures.
A Roy Moomey Benefit account has been set up at Bank of the Ozarks, according to McCune. The prosecutor is also asking well-wishers to send any cards they would like passed along to Moomey and their family to be sent to their office at 206 S. 3rd St. in Van Buren.
Just three months before this crash, Moomey was recognized with live saving award for saving the life of a man, who was trapped in the wreckage of a burning vehicle.
HANSON – A man who has lived in a compact car in Hanson for at least the past year – after losing their property to foreclosure – got word Monday they would have a new home to call their own for the holidays.
The thanks go to the Hanson Police Department – and officer Jeffrey Bailey and Sgts. Michael Casey and Eugene Andrews, in particular – and others from town departments who saw a need and filled it, said Police Chief Michael Miksch.
“I'm very proud of them and all the men and women of the Hanson Police Department,” they said.
“They brought this problem to the attention of others in the department who are also trying to help,” Miksch said.
Once the officers noticed the small car parked near the old police station on Indianhead Street they started to watch out for it and its inhabitant.
They visited the man on cold nights, making sure they had a warm blanket and enough gas to keep their car running for the heat, the chief and others said.
Occasionally, they were able to help them find other shelter.
Officers would bring the man to a gas station and use their own money to fill their tank. Or they would treat them to dinner at an area eatery.
Sometimes, Bailey said they got the man to park in the department's garage to stay warm, and invited them to clean up and shower.
“Then I was just really trying to figure out what we could do for him,” Bailey said.
“Because I'd be damned if I was going to get the call some day to go peel them out of the car,” they said.
Casey, the department's evening shift supervisor, said officers routinely knocked on the car windows to ensure all was well and often passed over a few dollars in cash.
“We know what we have and what they don't have, and it breaks our hearts,” Casey said.
Hanson police weren't looking for any notoriety, they said.
“When you see an opportunity, you do it,” Casey said. “Everyone runs away from a problem. We run to it.”
Recently, the department called in the Hanson Senior Center for help.
Director of Elder Affairs Mary Collins said they opened the center to the man for breakfast or lunch.
“It was nothing spectacular, but the coffee is warm,” Collins said. “We wanted to make sure they knew we were here.”
Collins reached out to Sandy Arena, the program coordinator at the Hanson Housing Authority who took steps to get the man to the top of the list for a subsidized dwelling.
And, now that a low-income apartment has been located, police, their families and others have donated much of the furnishings and household goods needed for a new start.
“They just reached into their pockets,” Miksch said.
Last week, the man was sheltered in a Plymouth church while the plan emerged.
On Monday, Arena said they had secured a lease and is ready to hand over the key.
“I think it's going to be a great Christmas,” they said.
Collins, at the senior center, said the man is overwhelmed by the generosity they received.
“He said, ‘you know what? I think the police really want to help me.'”
Casey said it's true, but also more than that.
“We don't know their past, but we sure have seen their present,” the sergeant said.
As for the future? That's unclear, they said, “but he'll at least be in a better situation.”
Bailey stressed that the officers were just doing their jobs.
“We look out for our own,” they said. “And he's one of us,” they said.
Earlier in the week, on August 16, a video went viral. It was hosted on the website www.primenews-goa.com and its contents were appalling - incumbent Goa CM, Manohar Parrikar was allegedly heard saying, “These elections (the Panaji by-poll) are important for me, but if I lose, I can always shift to Delhi as Defence Minister.”
Coming from a man with a clean and popular image, this was more than shocking.
By-polls are scheduled in Panaji and Valpoi constituencies, later in the month, on August 23.
Then things moved rather quickly - the news channel being quoted lodged a criminal complaint, stating that its name was being sullied. The CM dismissed it as fake news and slander. They said, “There is no such meeting, no such statement. What are they quoting and trying to make some sort of news out of?"
Parrikar termed it as a show of frustration and desperation of the opposition.
On August 17, BJP's general secretary of Panaji, Pundalik Rautdessai filed two complaints as the news spread - one with the Election Commission and another - a criminal complaint - with the Cyber Crime Cell of the Goa Police against unnamed accused for propagating fake news against chief minister Manohar Parrikar.
Goa Suraksha Manch sings the 'Mannu' song.
The complaint with the Election Commission termed the clips and the news circulating mainly on social media platforms "fake" and urged it to take action.
On Friday, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray tore into Manohar Parrikar on the supposed audio via their editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana. In a rather strongly worded editorial, Thackeray slammed Parrikar for their statement and "prayed" for their loss in the upcoming bypolls. The Sena chief just stopped short of blaming Parrikar of the electoral performance of BJP in Goa and said that such a statement is an insult to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. However, they did not specify how the PM was insulted.
With the bypolls around the corner it seems that this controversy has not seen its last. Expect some fireworks in the coming days. With few concrete issues to target the incumbent CM and five-time Panaji legislator with, the opposition has chosen to be innovative — a spoof on Mumbai RJ Malishka's "Sonu Song", the "Mannu song" ironically penned by their relative, Sidhanath Buyao, asks - "Panaji, do you still trust bhai".
Then there is another set of lyrics penned by Chandan Narvekar and Sant Tuyekar that asks": "Monu where are the students' laptops?"
Another song by Goa Suraksha Manch, the party mentored by former RSS chief Subhash Velingkar:
"Mannu we do not trust you" lends an unique flavour to the by-polls.
Also read: We are all living inside a rape story
The government has decided to tackle head-on the alleged “Arab refugees” issue by renewing efforts for compensation for Jewish victims of Arab pogroms .
Estimates of property losses range from $16 billion to $300 billion in Arab countries where Arab leaders seized their property or took it over after Jews were expelled or forced to flee because of anti-Jewish violence and harassment.
Dr. Avi Bitzur, director-general of the Pensioners' Affairs Ministry, told Voice of Israel government radio it has created a new department to try to collect claims for more than 850,000 Jews from Iran and other Arab countries. Approximately 80 percent of them moved to Israel.
Most of the refugees fled or were expelled after the violent Arab reaction to the re-establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, six months after it was recognized by the United Nations under the Partition Plan that the Arab world rejected.
"Israel has talked about this on and off for 60 years. Now we're going to deal with it as we should have all along," said Bitzur.
They added that the Cabinet is scheduled to decide in the next two weeks to raise the issue of Jewish refugees whenever the Palestinian Authority brings up the “right of return,” referring to nearly five million Arabs living in Arab countries but for whom the United Nations considers Israel as their home. The designation is a result of a unique policy by UNRWA towards Arabs who fled Israel in 1948 at the behest of Arab countries, who promised them they would return quickly after their expected annihilation of the Jewish State.
The policy of the United Nations does not allow the status of “refugee” to be transferred from generation to generation, but it makes an exception for Arabs from Israel.
Bitzur added, “We should know the history of the pogrom in Baghdad in 1941, of the Libyan Jews who ended up in Bergen Belsen. It's time for people to know that there was this part of the Jewish people and its history was brought to an end."
"The UN has dealt at least 700 times with Arab refugees and their property, but not once with the issue of Jewish property.”
Contrary to reports in the press, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis did not “freeze” or “put on hold” Donald Trump's ban on transgender people serving in the military.
In fact, Mattis is doing exactly what Trump ordered—and it is the words of those very orders that will doom the anti-trans plan in court.
In a series of tweets on July 26, Trump announced that the military “will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity.” Then, on August 25, the White House issued a presidential memorandum implementing this new policy.
Sort of. In fact, if you read the memorandum (which few people have apparently done), it actually only changes two parts of current policy. First, it indefinitely suspends the “accession” (i.e. enlistment or drafting) of trans people, which was due to begin on July 1, pursuant to an Obama-era directive issued last year. (More on that in a moment.) Second, the memo prohibits the military and coastguard from paying for trans soldiers' medical expenses.
In other words, Trump's bite never matched their bark. The memo did not direct the military to dismiss active-duty trans personnel, as they had earlier promised.
Finally, the memo instructs Mattis to study the issue and provide recommendations—which is exactly what Mattis has said they will now do. The media flurry about Mattis disobeying Trump is simply not true.
But if you read the fine print, you'll see that—as with the travel ban—Trump has set their own legal mousetrap. Because the exact instructions are that the ban on trans enlistment is set to last “until such time as the Secretary of Defense, after consulting with the Secretary of Homeland Security, provides a recommendation to the contrary that I find convincing.”
That I find convincing?! That kind of rationale may work in authoritarian banana republics, but it's not going to pass judicial muster. Especially when this new ‘policy' replaces one that was the result of a yearlong study and a detailed analysis by the RAND Corporation of the effects that trans people would have on military effectiveness and budget. (Answer: next to none.)
That was an actual policy, with concrete data and careful study. And what Trump wants to replace it with? A ban until there's a “recommendation to the contrary that I find convincing.”
That, like Trump's recent pardon of the scofflaw sheriff Joe Arpaio, is a demagogic pronouncement directly antithetical to the rule of law.
It is also unconstitutional.
The best analogue to this whole affair is—stay with me for a moment—last year's Supreme Court case on Texas's abortion restrictions, Whole Women's Health v. Hellerstadt. The central question in that case was whether there was any plausible scientific rationale for the restrictions Texas had put into place. The answer was clearly ‘no.' And for that reason, the Supreme Court struck down the restrictions in a surprise decision.
The cases on Trump's transgender ban will be similar. (The ACLU has already filed, as has Outserve/Servicemembers Legal Defense Fund.) Ultimately, the question will be whether there is a plausible military or budgetary rationale for rescinding the 2016 policy. If none exists, that means the policy is discriminatory, and (most likely) unconstitutional under the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of equal protection.
Now, it is certain that over the next six months, Mattis and their new team of experts—which they say will include political appointees—will indeed cook up some non-discriminatory rationales for excluding trans soldiers. Statistics can be manipulated, and Mattis has already said he's “not willing to sign up” for the numbers in the RAND report. The new commission will almost certainly find some way to rationalize the ban. But as we saw in Whole Women's Health, junk science won't be enough.
Most importantly, Trump's memo admitting that the deciding factor isn't objective evidence about the costs and benefits but whether there's a recommendation “that I find convincing” is a huge smoking gun. It is proof positive, right there in Trump's best words, that it's Trump's fiat that determines this policy. That is not going to pass constitutional muster.
The military and its commander in chief have wide discretion when it comes to questions of military spending, national security, and combat readiness. Time and again, we've seen courts be very reluctant to second-guess what military experts have said.
But in this administration, we've also seen—time and again—how courts listen closely to what Donald Trump says. And when they say that a policy is based on their own opinion rather than facts; and when they make statements that elevate themselves above the rule of law; and when they persist with their views even in the face of significant evidence that they don't like; and when they do so to the detriment of a vulnerable population, whether Muslim or Mexican or transgender or anyone else; courts draw the line.
That's what courts do, in a democracy: they ensure that we live under the rule of law, not men. They ensure that demagogues pandering to the basest instincts of their base do not trump the constitution's guarantees of equal protection. That's why Donald Trump has lost so many times, and that's why they are the most important guarantors of our civil society.
Trump's transgender ban will eventually go down in flames: because once again, Donald Trump has foolishly said what they think, and the courts will be listening.
Something is rotten at the Sausalito Marin City School District and it has everything to do with political agenda, abuse of power and the blatant spread of misinformation.
The story begins last year (well before the emotionally contested November 2016 election of two school district trustees) when Mary Jane Burke, the Marin County superintendent of schools, requested an evaluation of the district by California schools' Fiscal Crisis and Management Assistance Team — FCMAT. Alarmingly, Burke is also chair of FCMAT. They requested the evaluation wearing their Marin County hat and then, while wearing their FCMAT hat, ensured FCMAT's report aided their ulterior motives.
The district consists of two K-8 schools: Bayside/Martin Luther King, a traditional public school, and Willow Creek Academy, a public charter school. Both have been reasonably well funded and both are doing their utmost to provide the very best education they can for their students.
The underlying problem is Burke's well-known opposition to public charter schools. Consequently, the FCMAT report is a damning critique of the district and recommends major defunding of the charter school which, if its recommendations are implemented, will likely result in the bankruptcy and closing of the charter school.
Thorough responses to the draft FCMAT report were prepared by both the district and Willow Creek. Both responses completely discredited the draft state report.
For example, the draft implied that Willow Creek serves mostly affluent white students from Sausalito. The truth is that Willow Creek serves more Marin City students than Bayside/MLK, and its enrollment is approximately 60 percent African-American, Hispanic, Asian and mixed race.
These responses were essentially ignored and the FCMAT report was issued in final form with only cosmetic changes.
Burke then proceeded to use the FCMAT report's recommendations to essentially take over management of the district. They installed one of their assistants as district superintendent while the incumbent superintendent was on medical leave (her assistant continues daily at the district despite the superintendent's return from leave).
Burke has also paralyzed the district by unbelievably accusing district trustees of having a conflict of interest as parents of students at Willow Creek, and requesting this issue and other allegations of fiscal favoritism of Willow Creek to be referred to the California attorney general. The pressure of this current review by the attorney general has resulted in two of the five trustees recusing themselves on all votes concerning the charter school.
Surely one may reasonably ask whether Burke's dual roles as chair of FCMAT and county superintendent constitute a conflict of interest and their actions represent a serious abuse of power, perhaps influencing an election.
Furthermore, these egregious acts by Burke have contributed to the current budget crisis at the district. Them actions have already caused the district, its trustees and the charter school to collectively spend well in excess of $100,000 in legal fees to protect their various interests.
What a disgusting waste of funds that are desperately needed in the classroom.
And then there's the questionable allocation of Marin County resources by assigning one of their highly paid deputy superintendents to run a small school district that already has a well-qualified and capable superintendent.
Is it any wonder that there is a great deal of anger in Sausalito and Marin City around these issues for the two schools?
For at least four decades, real estate agents had been advising families to avoid Sausalito and Marin City because of the public schools. Willow Creek's success over the past 15 years has caused real estate agents to advise differently, and these communities have now become very popular with families.
Should the communities stand by and allow the county superintendent to destroy the incredible progress that has been made? It is time for local residents and their representatives to speak up and protect the rights of their children to a quality public education.
Doug Lloyd is a longtime Sausalito resident. They were on the Willow Creek Academy school board for 10 years and served as president of the Willow Creek Foundation for seven years.
.
Prior to January 2011, University of California at Berkeley undergraduate Kevin Gorman‘s contributions to Wikipedia were a few edits to geology-related articles, but he'd never bothered to register for a user account. Then Kevin, a Scandinavian studies major, enrolled in a classed called “Politics of Piracy,” participating in the Wikimedia Foundation's new University Program in the spring 2011 term. As part of the class, Kevin was required to register for a user account and make substantive contributions to a Wikipedia article as part of class.
Kevin's instructors and Campus Ambassadors gave them and their classmates an introduction to how to edit Wikipedia, and Kevin was hooked – not just contributing to the article on the court case Perfect 10, Inc. v. Google Inc. – their chosen article for class – but also contributing to articles on mushrooms and becoming involved with the team that patrols new pages.
“The way I got interested in mushrooms to begin with was that I realized there was not a single species of mushroom I could identify by sight. I've been working on fixing that ever since – and now I'm applying my new-found knowledge to Wikipedia,” Kevin says. “The relationship between different kinds of mushrooms is becoming a lot clearer now that we can do genetic comparisons, so the field is changing rapidly. Due to this rapid change, a lot of the information on Wikipedia currently is out of date. I've found contributing to Wikipedia's mushrooms articles to be an interesting application of what I've learned and also an interesting way to learn more things. I can look at an article and say ‘I know that name is out of date, but I'm not sure what the right one is,' and then I can go through the literature to find what the current name is and update the Wikipedia article with that citation.”
In addition to their article editing contributions, Kevin's also become part of a team of editors who monitor newly created pages to ensure the topics meet Wikipedia's notability requirements. They were perusing an article one day and noticed a sentence that seemed strange. There was a wikilink in the sentence to an article about a company.
“I Googled the company, and they didn't exist, so I deleted the reference in the first page, and nominated the article about the company for deletion,” Kevin says. “The creator of the page ended up responding to me in about 20,000 words. It got me sucked into deleting things that don't follow Wikipedia's policies.”
Sucked in they are: Kevin intends to keep contributing to Wikipedia long after their class ends. In fact, Kevin will be taking over teaching the “Politics of Piracy” class — it's part of a student-led courses program at Berkeley called DeCal — next term, and they will be integrating Wikipedia throughout their version of the course as well.
“In general, I like Wikipedia assignments more than doing something like a traditional paper,” Kevin says. “When you write a final paper for a class, it's useless after the class – it can be a good reinforcement of the course material, but nobody will ever read it again. Doing something on Wikipedia, we are making a lasting contribution, and it has the potential to get people a bit more sucked into their topic than say writing an 8-page paper would.”
And Kevin's looking to recruit more than just current students to become Wikipedia editors. He's been attending mycology society meetings and hopes to eventually entice some of their members in to contributing to WikiProject Fungi.
“I'd like to convert some of the mycologists from making jokes about Wikipedia and mushrooms to actually contributing to Wikipedia's content about mushrooms,” they say. “And it's a useful thing to not just contribute what you already know, but to find what you should know. You can expand your own base of knowledge by contributing. The more people who contribute to Wikipedia, the more useful it will become.”
LiAnna Davis
Communications Associate – Public Policy Initiative
Medical marijuana advocates ask L.A. prosecutor to drop lawsuits
Americans for Safe Access says City Atty. Carmen Trutanich is misreading California law and court decisions, but they have not budged on their legal assault over sales at dispensaries.
The organization's chief counsel, Joseph D. Elford, sent letters to Trutanich and Los Angeles County Dist. Atty. Steve Cooley, who shares Trutanich's view, saying the advocacy group would join the lawsuits unless they are withdrawn.
Americans for Safe Access, which advocates for the use of medical marijuana and has defended dispensaries in court, has tried repeatedly to persuade the city prosecutor that they are misreading the law and recent court decisions, but they have not budged.
The city prosecutor's office filed three lawsuits last week seeking court injunctions to force Organica in the Venice area and two Holistic Caregivers stores in South Los Angeles to stop all sales. Trutanich maintains that state law authorizes collectives only to grow marijuana and recover their actual costs, not to sell it.
The nation's main advocacy group for medical marijuana threatened Tuesday to challenge Los Angeles City Atty. Carmen Trutanich's legal assault on dispensaries, saying it is "unlawful, unconstitutional, and contravenes the spirit and letter of the governing laws."
"We want to let Trutanich and Cooley know we're not just going to sit this one out," they said.
The organization's decision increases the likelihood that Los Angeles, the ground zero of the state's dizzying dispensary boom, also will become the center of litigation that clarifies murky issues.
Voters passed the state's medical marijuana initiative in 1996 and the Legislature adopted a law to expand access in 2003, but the courts still have not ruled directly on whether collectives can sell marijuana to their members.
William W. Carter, the chief deputy city attorney, said they had not seen the letter.
"I've read their press release, and I am not impressed," they said. "We obviously don't agree with their position. We are enforcing the existing local and state laws just as we've been doing for a long time."
Carter said the city attorney's office had no intention of withdrawing the lawsuits, noting that it has already won an injunction barring one dispensary from selling marijuana in a similar case and is confident in its legal position.
Trutanich and Cooley have pressed cases that could force the courts to weigh in. Trutanich sued Hemp Factory V, an Eagle Rock dispensary, and their lawyers persuaded a Superior Court judge to take their side. Elford said they learned about the case too late to intervene before the decision.
Cooley's office has filed felony charges against dispensary operators, saying their sales violate state laws.
On Monday, prosecutors charged Jeff Joseph, the operator of Organica, with 24 felonies.
Elford also accused the two prosecutors of taking preemptive action before the city's medical marijuana ordinance takes effect. "They fought us tooth and nail with the City Council," they said. "They're not happy with the result."
Trutanich and Cooley had pressed the council to explicitly ban sales, but lawmakers rebuffed them.
Pointing out that the city attorney's office filed its lawsuit against Hemp Factory V months before the council approved the ordinance, Carter dismissed Elford's contention, saying, "We were fully engaged."
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
A while back I wrote a piece about how Detroit Red Wings will have a top ten offense this year and that the Detroit faithful will enjoy the slightly less stingy defensive teams playing in the Eastern. The points I argued for the success of Detroit Red Wings were simply that they have depth and youth that have skill. The issue here is that Red Wings right now have lost seven straight and rank 8th from the bottom of the NHL as far as goals for are concerned. The defense has not been as fantastic as we hoped and the goaltending while great at times, has also been less than expected overall. Lately things have gone from bad to worse, with the Red Wings losing seven straight games.
So with Thanksgiving quickly approaching, what exactly do Red Wings fans have to be thankful for?
Let us start with a big thanks to NHL realignment that has moved the Red Wings from the Western Conference and the Central division to the Eastern Conference and new Atlantic Division. In the past there has been a debate that the West was a better conference than the East, but but this year, so far, it has been ridiculous how one-sided this West vs East battle has been. Let us look at the league standings for a second.
That is the top eight teams in the league right now (prior to Wednesday's games) and the most interesting thing here is that not a single Eastern Conference team on the list. Sure Boston, Tampa Bay, Toronto, and Pittsburgh are all just a point away from Minnesota, but this list just underlines the heavily one-sided dominance of the West over the East this season.
So a move to the Eastern Conference could not have come at a better time for the struggling Red Wings. The Wings would be ranked in 10th place in the West compared to the 6th place in the East their currently occupy.
It is also kind of scary for Wings fans that the team could have an even worse record if they were playing full-time in the West, with their current struggles. The Wings only have four wins against the West so far in eleven games. Sure, it all looked excellent after a three-game winning streak against Vancouver, Calgary, and Edmonton and the Wings seemed to be jelling. Since then they have not seen a W in seven games. The optimist in the room will yell out that they have managed to grab five points in those last seven games and that is surely is better than losing in regulation!
I am thankful for the fact that NHL has introduced one point for a loss in OT/SO. The Red Wings have managed to stay in the top half of the East standings with the five loser points they have grabbed in those seven games. The cynic in us is thinking …Yeah, but all of those loses in the shootout and OT is not what fans expect with guys like Pavel Datsyuk, Henrik Zetterberg, Johan Franzen, Daniel Alfredsson, Stephen Weiss, Tomas Tatar, and Todd Bertuzzi. This is very true.
The fact that Datsyuk and Bertuzzi cannot score in the shootout is just plain weird. I would say it is disappointing and scary, but it isn't. These guys can score and in Datsyuk;s case is one of the best in the league at this NHL skills competition. I am not sure what is happening but maybe Wings need to have a bit more fun out there. The shootout is pressure, pure and simple. Letting the team have fun during the game and during the SO can maybe inspire a bit more creativity in practice and in-game situations.
The fact that Jimmy Howard has one of the worst shootout SV% in the league is kind of disheartening. The league average is about .700+ in that department. It is a bit unfair to point a finger at Jimmy as the forwards have just simply not been able to give them any sort of cushion nor back them up when they needed a big goal.
Speaking of goaltending, Red Wings fan can be thankful for Jonas Gustavsson, who has been very good so far with three wins in four starts and while this is a very small sample they have proven to be fairly reliable this year. Last season they only saw four starts and only won 2 of those while putting up an awful .879 SV%. This year they are already rocking a 2.48 GAA and .929 SV%. Sure its a small sample, and they did get rocked by the Islanders for 4 goals against and a shootout loss, but they had very strong starts against good teams like Boston and Colorado.
Howard on the other hand has been, to be honest, not himself.  They are on pace to have one of the worst seasons in their career. Projected for only 23 wins at this point, it is not acceptable and would surely eliminate the Wings from the playoffs if they cannot do better than that number. They can be better and the young defense in front of them can surely be a bit better as well. What is baffling though is that they have made tons of huge saves to keep the Wings in the game, but it seems that some of the stoppable shots tend to squeeze by right now.
The biggest and I mean the biggest issue with the Red Wings is their defense and its lack of passing ability. It just seems so terrible at times. I am not even talking about two line passes out of the defensive zone, because those passes are never hitting a player in stride and on the stick anymore. Besides Danny DeKeyser (who is now injured) the team has had a serious issue with any sort of breakout pass, be it long or short. These difficulties have extended to the offensive zone. Wings fans have been spoiled with Brian Rafalski and Nick Lidstrom in the past, but the current unit is not only not living up to their high standard, but also not even playing at a league average standard. If the Wings want to play puck possession hockey they need a defensive unit that can pass the puck efficiently and hit forwards with tape-to-tape passes in stride.
The passing problem causes puck fumbles that result in small delays of milliseconds for the forwards to settle the puck before moving forward or dishing the puck to a linemate. With the speed of the NHL game, that millisecond delay is everything. Even the simple pass between one defender to another side-to-side tend to sometimes be a bit behind or bouncing over sticks, and these result in an extra step for opposition forecheckers and a bad or worse a defensive zone turnover. Next time you sit down to watch the Wings, pay attention to that first pass . It is simply amazing how bad the Wings defensemen have gotten in passing the puck. I first noticed it in the game against the fast tight checking NY Rangers.
The first pass is something Red Wings have been known for and is the greatest tool in a fast transition game. I think that it is the biggest thing that needs to be addressed for the Wings. Secondary scoring issues will resolve itself out when the D can hold on to the puck and move the puck with accuracy and speed. There has to be that buffer that existed or they have to change the way the Wings play the puck. You cannot play puck possession hockey when your defensemen fumble the puck passing to each other.
The last things I am thankful for are Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg. The two will have to carry this team all year long and they have so far, with both players at a point per game pace. I think the entire hockey world is blessed with these two continuing playing hockey at such high level, but the Wings will need secondary scoring and will need it ASAP for them to continue to be a playoff squad.
Let us enjoy the holidays and don't sweat it too many Wings nation. The Red Wings have a few injuries to battle through but with Pav and Hank plugging away, they are still a very good team. A team that is simply underperforming right now and should be able to make the improvements necessary to continue their playoff streak in this weak Eastern Conference.
Thanks for reading. Please give our Hockey Department a follow-on Twitter – @lastwordBKerr, @RickW10, @TheHockeyMitch, @LastWordBigMick, @crimsonskorpion, @CMS_74_, @TwoTurtleDuffs, @d_rocchi, @dasimonetta, @ddmatthews, @CanuckPuckHead, @NKonarowski2, @LarryScotti, @PurpleRocktober, @jaynichols11, @meaghannn_, @LastWordOnNHL, @LWOSDanRussell, and @darrinharmy and follow the site @lastwordonsport and like our Facebook Page.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Main photo credit: Dinur via photopin cc
Prince George's County Police Chief Mark Magaw today strongly condemned the actions of Officer Jenchesky Santiago following their conviction on charges of first and second degree assault, misconduct in office and the use of a firearm in the commission of a crime of violence.
Santiago was convicted for behavior which occurred while they were on duty on May 10, 2014. A citizen recorded Santiago's actions on a cell phone. Santiago puts a gun to a citizen's head during an investigatory stop in Bowie. No one was injured.
The Prince George's County Police Department's Internal Affairs Division launched an investigation after learning of this incident. The department brought this case to the State's Attorney's Office for review. Santiago was suspended on June 3, 2014. Following their indictment, their status changed to suspended without pay.
As part of the department's ongoing commitment to transparency and accountability, we are releasing the cell phone video.
"The actions Officer Santiago chose to take that day are theirs alone. Their behavior is flagrant, appalling and isolated. Their actions are among the worst I've seen as Chief of Police and that will be taken into account when I make a decision about their employment," said Chief Mark Magaw.
Maryland law requires Santiago has the right to appeal the outcome of the department's administrative investigation. Following the final outcome of the administrative process, the findings will go to Chief Magaw.
Martial music booms from the loudspeakers as warlike images gallop across monitors. A short euro crisis film montage shows police officers being posted in front of the parliament building in Athens and the jostling of frantic reporters, then US investor George Soros uses grim words in an appeal to rescue the euro zone. "The alternative is just too terrible to contemplate," they say.
Speaking in a panel that follows the short film, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), has a gloomy expression. It is last Friday when the global business elite were at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, to discuss the "Future of the Euro Zone." It becomes quickly apparent that Schäuble would have preferred a different opening than the dark film for this event. The negotiations with Athens' private creditors are going well, they say, and they point out that they are "quite optimistic" Greece can be rescued.
But later European Union Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn, standing next to the stage, imparts a very different message to reporters. They concede that Athens needs money once again, but that they cannot yet reveal just how much. Nevertheless, they add, it is "likely" that the donor countries will have to come up with "a slightly larger contribution."
Once again, Europe is arguing over a bailout for Greece, and it looks as though the result will be no different that it has been in the past. German Chancellor Angela Merkel opposed lending money to Athens in early 2010, and then the first bailout package for Greece was put together. A year later, they balked at further aid, and then came the second program. Now they are trying to protect the euro zone's coffers once again, though no one in Berlin or Brussels is willing to bet that they will have more success this time around.
Europe's politicians continue to battle reality. Everyone knows that Greece cannot repay its massive pile of debts, now at more than 350 billion ($459 billion). But instead of effectively reducing the financial burden, European politicians intend to approve new loans for the government in Athens and go on fighting debt with new debt. "If the country wants to remain in the euro zone, we should support it," says Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann.
No Progress
Though the rescuers may be issuing calls for perseverance, resistance is growing in Europe. In Athens, political parties and citizens are fighting too keep austerity measures from transforming their economic downturn into a full-on crash. And in Germany, the main donor country, leading politicians within the two coalition parties, the CDU and the business-friendly Free Democratic Party (FDP), do not believe that a majority of parliamentarians will vote for additional aid to Greece. "Our position has not changed," says Horst Seehofer, the chairperson of the CDU's Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU). "There is no money for a standstill in reforms."
The effort to rescue Greece is clearly moving in circles, and there is no evidence of any progress.
Ironically, only three months ago European leaders believed that things were already on the mend. Greece's private creditors were supposed to abandon half of their claims, and the partner countries planned to contribute another 130 billion ($172 billion). These efforts were expected to bring the country's debt level from more than 160 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) to a more tolerable 120 percent by 2020.
But these hopes were deceptive. The Greek economy is shrinking faster than European politicians believed was possible in autumn, and now the country is short on funds once again. The representatives of the so-called troika, consisting of the European Commission, the European Central Bank (ECB) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), estimate the shortfall to be about 15 billion, meaning that Greece needs 145 billion instead of 130 billion. "We do not assume that the additional funds can be collected solely from private creditors," say sources within the troika.
The only other option is to redistribute the burden. Under the current program, the IMF is responsible for about one-third, and the Europeans for two-thirds of the costs. But obtaining cash is becoming increasingly difficult. A serious dispute over who will come up with the additional money has been raging behind the scenes for days -- a dispute that resembles a game of Old Maid.
Politicians Bicker with Banks
The German government feels that the financial sector should bear much of the additional burden. If additional funds were needed, the banks would simply have to contribute more, the Germans argue. The countries involved are already pitching in 130 billion to the new bailout package, and Berlin feels that that ought to be enough.
The banks' representatives disagree completely. They have already increased their contribution several times, and now they point out that it isn't just private institutions that hold Greek government bonds. The European Central Bank, for example, holds up to 55 billion in Greek securities. Why shouldn't the ECB participate in the write-downs, Deutsche Bank CEO Josef Ackermann asks himself?
But Europe's monetary watchdogs indignantly reject such proposals. They only bought the bonds to maintain the money supply, say officials at ECB headquarters in Frankfurt's Eurotower. Waiving some of their claims, they argue, would be tantamount to intervening in the fiscal policy of countries. "If we did that, we would be taking on a portion of a country's debt," says a central banker. "And we are barred from doing that."
With such arguments, the monetary watchdogs passed the unwanted baton back to politicians. Last Thursday, EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Rehn conceded that the hole in the second bailout package could only be plugged with government funds. The German government was not amused. "Rehn is completely alone in their opinion," a senior government official in Berlin grumbled. Nevertheless, European leaders know that the countries in the euro zone will not be able to avoid coming up with the funds for new loans to Greece. If there are no other options, says Luxembourg Finance Minister Luc Frieden, "the public sector may have to provide more money."
Europe is pursuing a Greece strategy of pressing on regardless of the potential cost. Meanwhile, it is becoming increasingly obvious that this method is not helping the country's economy get back on its feet. Although the Athens government is spending 20 billion less this year than it did in 2009, the debt ratio is still climbing, because the Greek economy will shrink for the fifth year in a row in 2012. And almost all experts agree that the country will not be able to pull itself out of the crisis on its own.
Water main ages reflect the nation's growth
By Brett Walton
Circle of Blue
The American Water Works Association calls it the Replacement Era. An estimated 1.9 million kilometers (1.2 million miles) of distribution pipes supply Americans with drinking water. Many of them are nearing or have past retirement age. A big investment — perhaps as much as $US 1 trillion over the next two decades — must be made to replace them.
Age, however, is only part of the story. The deterioration of any particular pipe depends on a bundle of pressures: What material are the pipes made of? Cast iron, ductile iron, polyvinyl chloride, or, occasionally, wood? Each has a different lifespan. What are the chemical properties of the soil and water? Some are more corrosive. What is the climate? Cycles of freezing and thawing or drought can weaken pipes.
The need to replace these pipes, most of which have a useful lifespan of more than 75 or 100 years, will continue to grow. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency forecasts that the rate of replacement will rise until 2035, as national investment in water mains peaked in the boom years after World War II.
The graphic below shows the percent of current water mains installed by decade. The patterns reflect America's growth. Older pipes weave beneath the colonial cities on the East Coast. Philadelphia, for one, still uses water mains installed before the Civil War.
Cities that grew fast in the latter half of last century have newer systems. More than half of San Antonio's water mains were laid in the ground between 1980 and 2010 — which seems appropriate given that its population grew by 70 percent in that period.
Graphic © Kaye LaFond / Circle of Blue The percent of current water mains installed by decade for five U.S. cities. Click image to enlarge.
Say what you want about Quick Charge or wireless charging, for many power users and frequent travelers, nothing beats the instant 100-percent refill delivered by a removable battery. The LG G4 is one of the few high-end phones still offering this feature, and to fully take advantage of it you'll want LG's extra battery kit.
The purpose of this kit is simple: You'll get an extra battery for your G4, and an external charger to juice up whichever battery isn't in your phone. In the U.S., LG is offering the extra battery kit as part of a promotion. And soon after launch it'll be available from top retailers like ShopAndroid.com While older LG chargers came with a spring-loaded battery slot and could double as a cradle for the phone, the model for the G4 adopts a more Samsung-like approach. The charger itself (BC-4800) seals the unit in place with a hinged door, meaning it also doubles as a carry case for your spare battery. Up top there's a microUSB port, and an LED to show you when it's done charging.
Vikings settled Iceland in the ninth century, establishing a form of government that has led to what is, today, considered to be the world's oldest continuous parliament.
Now, a political group of young hackers, activists and libertarians called the Pirate Party are competing for seats in this weekend's parliamentary election.
Recent polling shows the Pirate Party doing well. Paul Fontaine, news editor of the Reykjavik Grapevine, says the Pirates have resonated with Icelanders because they are proponents of privacy, government transparency and direct democracy. The group even developed its party platform by surveying voters online.
“We need a more direct system. Icelanders have expressed that point of view repeatedly and shown a willingness to participate in a more direct democracy,” they explain.
Not always. Attitudes in Iceland have changed dramatically since 2008, when the financial crisis hit the country of 330,000 particularly hard, according to Fontaine. Icelanders have gone from thinking “only hippies and radicals protest” to embracing many forms of civic participation, from petition writing to referendums to street demonstrations. The Pirate Party's rise is also being seen as part of a broader European wave of anti-elite, anti-establishment sentiment.
The party's 49-year-old founder, Birgitta Jonsdottir, is a former Wikileaks activist. They told the Washington Post, the Pirate Party “is a people's movement. Ordinary people can change the world — being able to go into parliament to change laws that give more people more power. It's a message of hope.”
Much has been made of the party's invitation to former NSA contractor Edward Snowden to take refuge in Iceland, a NATO ally of the United States. “Snowden hasn't made any noises about moving to Iceland if the pirates lead the next coalition,” Fontaine said. “However, their proposal does have wide-ranging implications for foreign policy.”
The US would not look kindly on such a proposal.
Members of the Pirate Party are already in talks with other opposition groups in parliament to form a coalition.
This story first aired as an interivew on To The Point with Warren Olney.
The US oil company says it will clear the series of slicks this month
The US oil company ConocoPhillips has yet to stem a seeping well that is contaminating China's Bohai Sea, but it resumed the clear-up operation on Tuesday with a promise that the work will be completed later this month.
The series of slicks, which have spread to about 1,200 square kilometres (460 square miles) since the first leak was discovered on 4 June, have alarmed environmentalists, fisherman and coastal communities – and remedial work has been delayed by technical problems and typhoons.
The Chinese government criticised ConocoPhillips at the weekend for a laggard response since a previously unreported accumulation of oil-based drilling mud was discovered on the seabed near the Penglai 19-3 platform B.
The company, which operates the field in partnership with the China National Offshore Oil Corporation, says it has more than 900 personnel and 30 vessels working on the response, but they had to suspend the operation when tropical storm Muifa hit the area yesterday.
Divers have now resumed efforts to choke the source of the oil mud on the seabed. Working with the State Oceanic Administration, the company said its priority was to stop the seepage, permanently.
The volume appears to be manageable. After platform C was closed, the sheen rising to the surface has been reduced to just two litres a day, and that is being captured by steel containment devices. The firm says it has recovered 269 cubic meters of oil-based drilling mud from the seabed, and 70 cubic meters oily water from the surface. It has promised the Chinese authorities that the work will be finished by 25 August.
The damage caused by the leak, however, remains uncertain.
Oil has washed up on beaches in Hebei and Liaoning. Chinese newspapers have also blamed the spill for damage to fisheries and the decimation of scallop farms. South Korean media reports say that Beijing has failed to respond to requests from Seoul for a joint assessment of the environmental impact.
When the Provisional Irish Republican Army agreed to end its paramilitary insurgency (and/or terrorist campaign) against British rule in Northern Ireland with the Good Friday accords of 1998, it was unambiguously a good thing for the people of Ireland and their British next-door neighbors. It's not like everything suddenly became hunky-dory in the long and troubled historical relationship between those islands, but the peace has largely held – splinter groups and isolated sectarian violence aside – and an era of relative normalcy and increasing prosperity has followed. Given the global context of the 21st century, an intractable religious-cum-nationalist dispute between two tiny groups of white people in the northwest corner of Europe looks pretty close to irrelevant.
But the end of the IRA's guerrilla war had a less salubrious effect on the Irish-American population, and I say that in full awareness that on the surface that's an offensive statement. What I mean is that the last connection between Irish-American identity and genuine history was severed, and all we're left with now is a fading and largely bogus afterlife. On one hand, Irishness is a nonspecific global brand of pseudo-old pubs, watered-down Guinness, “Celtic” tattoos and vague New Age spirituality, designed to make white people feel faintly cool without doing any of the hard work of actually learning anything. On the other, it's Bill O'Reilly, Sean Hannity, Pat Buchanan and Rep. Peter King, Long Island's longtime Republican member of congress (and IRA supporter), consistently representing the most stereotypical grade of racist, xenophobic, small-minded, right-wing Irish-American intolerance. When you think of the face of white rage in America, it belongs to a red-faced Irish dude on Fox News.
Advertisement:
It's no secret that much of the IRA's moral and financial support during the 30-year conflict came from the American descendants of Irish immigrants, many of whom were several generations removed from the ancestral homeland, understood the contemporary Irish context poorly, and were motivated by a sentimental and mythological version of nationalism. Supporting the ‘RA's campaign of anti-British violence, either openly or (this was even more common) in private after a few drinks, was a uniting aspect of 20th-century Irish-American identity. It went along with Clancy Brothers records, covering up for abusive Catholic priests, a certain domestic style of monogrammed lace curtains and china knickknacks, and long St. Patrick's Day pilgrimages to the kinds of decrepit, wood-paneled big-city bars that today exist largely as upscale simulacra of themselves. (I'm aware there are some real Irish bars left, but if you don't know I'm not telling.)
That dim connection to a faraway romantic dream fueled by the doomed rebellions of 1798 and 1916, that kitschification of violence, was never entirely healthy. (Indeed, to the extent that American financial support helped lead to the deaths of both British and Irish civilians, it was shameful.) But galvanizing events like the Bloody Sunday shootings in Derry in 1972, or the Long Kesh hunger strikes of 1981, also led more than a few Irish-Americans back to the true complications of their history, and helped them to see that there was an inextricable connection between the long-running Anglo-Irish conflict and other events, in America and around the world.
In its finer moments, the Irish republicanism of the '70s and '80s sparked a global consciousness among a population of privileged white Americans whose cultural distinctness was fading fast. You didn't have to support Angela Davis, Che Guevara and the PLO to understand that there was a historical relationship between their issues and the Irish Troubles. Ireland was the original colonized nation, and was subjected to a near-genocidal conquest centuries before the Holocaust. It was where the policies of the British Empire were road-tested for use in India and Africa, and where a subject population stripped of property and political rights was then blamed for its own poverty. The island's native people, despite their white skin, were viewed as savage and barbaric because they did not speak English, practiced an alien religion and hewed to unfamiliar cultural customs. During the Great Famine of the 1840s, which produced a huge wave of Irish emigration to America, the Irish poor were starved to death or driven off their own land by the millions. Yes, the potato -- a plant imported from South America by the British -- had been ruined by blight, but the famine itself was avoidable. Its true cause was not the black fungus that turned the prátaí to inedible mush, but a pseudo-Darwinian, proto-Milton Friedman free market ideology, insisted upon at a time when Ireland as a whole was a net exporter of food.
As the title of Noel Ignatiev's important if overly harsh academic study “How the Irish Became White” makes clear, Irish immigrants first arrived in America as despised outsiders, who were white in terms of complexion but not culture. In my colleague Joan Walsh's “What's the Matter with White People?”, they discuss Bacon's Rebellion of 1676, a little-noticed event in which black and Irish indentured servants rose up against British colonial rule. (This led to the creation of the slave codes, which made African-Americans slaves for life, and the conferring of limited white privilege on the Irish.) As late as the 19th century, Anglo elites in New York perceived the drunken and disorderly Irish newcomers as an unhealthful influence on the city's industrious and long-settled black population.
But Irish-Americans rapidly absorbed the lesson that the way to succeed in their new country was to reject the politics of class and shared economic interests and embrace the politics of race. One disgraceful result was the New York draft riots of 1863, the low point of Irish-black relations in American history, when Irish immigrants by the thousands turned on their black neighbors in a thinly disguised race riot. Irish-Americans were under no delusions that the ruling class of Anglo Protestants liked or trusted them, and anti-Irish and/or anti-Catholic bigotry endured in diluted form well into the 20th century. But by allying themselves with a system of white supremacy, the Irish in America were granted a share of power and privilege -- most notably in urban machine politics, and the police and fire departments of every major city.
As Joan's book and many other sources have discussed, over the course of the last century the bulk of the Irish-American population drifted rightward through the Democratic Party and then out the other side into Archie Bunker-land. A key constituency of the New Deal coalition became, 40 years later, a key constituency of the Reagan revolution. But throughout that period there was always a countervailing social-justice tendency in Irish-American life, the tendency of the antiwar activist brothers Daniel and Philip Berrigan (quite likely the only Jesuit priests ever to make the FBI's most-wanted list), or of 1952 left-wing presidential candidate Vincent Hallinan and their firebrand San Francisco family. This was the tradition of the radical Vatican II priests, nuns and theologians, who kept many of us from abandoning the Church altogether, and of the 1968 reawakening of Robert F. Kennedy and the subsequent career of their brother Teddy.
Advertisement:
Without exception, those people started from an understanding of their own cultural and national history. They began with Irish nationalist or republican politics, and moved from there to consider how Ireland's story fit into a worldwide pattern that transcended the specific racial paranoia of the United States. Of course Irish history did not end in 1998, and the current situation in that country – a land of immigrants for the first time in its modern history – is exceptionally interesting. But Ireland is no longer a divisive and charismatic “issue,” capable of galvanizing people who live thousands of miles away. With Irish-American identity now split between an optional lifestyle accessory and a bunch of unappealing right-wing guys yelling at us, its social-justice component has evaporated as well.
Am I proud of my Irish heritage? Sure I am, up to a point: We're all born with something, and I was born with a name no one can spell or pronounce, which is specific to a few townlands in County Clare. I've actually made it more Yank-friendly by inserting the apostrophe; my dad insisted upon "O Hehir," and in retrospect I'm surprised they didn't go all the way to Ó hEithir or Ó hAíchir. (As I have told strangers roughly twice a day for the last several decades, you say it “just like the airport.”) I inherited some of my Irish-raised dad's snobbery about the hopelessly Americanized character of St. Patrick's Day, which a serious alcoholic like them could only view as amateur hour. I don't miss Irish-America's dishonest relationship to Irish violence (although the worst offenders in that department were almost always the racist and homophobic old guard). But I'd put up with many choruses of “Danny Boy,” and many rounds of green-label Budweiser, to get back that feeling we briefly had of being an immigrant group that was trying to confront its history, and to see the prison of whiteness for what it really is.
Eddie McGuire has been locked in again for 2018
AFTER another year of intense controversy and fierce competition from a new direct rival, The Footy Show has survived the axe.
Announcing its 2018 programming slate to advertisers on Wednesday, Channel Nine confirmed the long-running show will return.
Despite speculation their tenure on the show could be nearing an end, Sam Newman has also been locked in according to the network.
"It's another big year in footy with The AFL Footy Show returning for a mammoth 25th season in 2018," Nine said in its release.
"Eddie McGuire, Rebecca Maddern and Sam Newman will be joined by champions of the game for all the biggest stories from the world of AFL, in-depth discussions on the week in footy and a whole lot of laughs."
While far from the centrepiece of Nine's programming launch, the announcement is a vote of confidence for the show under new producers from McGuire's own production company.
McGuire, Maddern and Newman are the only ones mentioned, with uncertainty surrounding other regulars including comedian Dave Hughes, Geelong champ Billy Brownless and Brownlow medallist Shane Crawford.
McGuire was installed alongside Maddern in a dramatic mid-season move after ratings slumped under newly installed co-host Craig Hutchison.
After two weeks off air, the show returned with a sparkling new high-tech set, and a single desk.
The show continued to make headlines, not only over Newman's antics, but also because of paid interviews with Dustin Martin and their father Shane on the day the Richmond superstar recommitted to the Tigers.
Hutchison was parachuted into the role after James Brayshaw's sudden exit at the start of the year.
The former journalist turned business person faced an uphill battle in the job as Channel Seven pitted former AFL.com.au comedy show The Front Bar directly against it.
Seven is yet to confirm its plans for The Front Bar in 2018, but it's again expected to be a part of the channel's broader entertainment offering.
Get the AFL Trader sent to your inbox
Every weekday evening during Trade Period we'll send you a bite-sized email wrap of the day's biggest trade stories.
We'll only tell you what you really need to know, plus exclusive insights and scoops from our Trade reporters.
Enter your email address here to get the AFL Trader in your inbox every weeknight:
Email Address:
Having trouble on the app? Click here to set up your subscription. You can always unsubscribe by following the link in the footer of AFL Trader emails.
CLOSE A Russian aid convoy destined for Ukraine prepared to cross the border on Friday. The convoy of trucks underwent checks by Ukraine border and custom officials before it would be allowed to enter the country. (Aug. 15) AP
Drivers of Russian aid convoy and white trucks in a field outside the town of Kamensk-Shakhtinsky in Rostov region, about 18 miles from the Russian-Ukrainian border on Aug. 15,2014. (Photo11: Yuri Kochetkov, EPA)
Ukraine said Friday that its artillery destroyed part of a convoy of Russian military vehicles that crossed into Ukraine at around the same time as a Russian relief aid convoy was reaching the border area.
The Russian defense ministry flatly denied the report and the Russian Foreign Ministry said it has information that Ukraine was planning to attack the now stalled 262-truck Russian humanitarian convoy.
Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko confirmed the attack on the Russian armored personnel carriers in a telephone call, saying that a "significant" part of the military column had been destroyed, according to the Ukrainian leader's website. "Much of this equipment was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery at night," the statement says.
Andriy Lysenko, spokesperson for Ukraine's National Security Defense Council, also reported that parts of the armored were "destroyed."
"Appropriate actions were undertaken and a part of it no longer exist," Lysenko told reporters. They said the military convoy had been closely observed since crossing the border from Russia.
Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesperson Leonid Matyukhin told Bloomberg News that the vehicles had been painted white to camouflage the operation as a peacekeeping mission.
A reporter for The Guardian said they saw a column of 23 armored personnel carriers, supported by fuel trucks and other logistics vehicles with official Russian military plates, crossing into Ukraine "through a gap in a barbed wire fence that demarcates the border."
NATO leader Anders Fogh Rasmussen said earlier Friday that "a Russian incursion" over the Ukrainian border had been observed during the night. "It is a clear demonstration of continued Russian involvement in the destabilization of eastern Ukraine," Rasmussen said at a news conference in Denmark.
The British foreign office summoned Russian Ambassador Alexander Yakovenko "to clarify reports of Russian military incursion," the BBC reported.
The Russian defense ministry said such reports were false. "No Russian military column that allegedly crossed the Russian-Ukrainian border at night or during the day ever existed," said Major General Igor Konashenkov, a spokesperson for the Russian Defense Ministry, RT.com reports.
Russia's Security Service, which oversees border guards, said its military mobile teams operate "strictly within the territory of the Russian Federation," a spokesperson for the FSB in the Rostov region told RT.com.
Russia's foreign ministry, meanwhile, said only that Ukrainian forces are engaging in "intense fighting" in Eastern Ukraine to stop humanitarian aid to the region and charged that the Ukrainians were planning to mine the roads ahead of the Russian humanitarian convoy, according to RT.com.
Ukraine had insisted that the Russian relief goods -- food, generators and medical supplies -- be inspected and reloaded before being allowed to proceed to hard-hit areas of eastern Ukraine, particularly the besieged city of Luhansk.
For several days, as the trucks wound their way from Moscow, Ukrainian officials expressed concern that the trucks might contain military equipment as a cover for a military invasion.
The BBC reports that many the trucks in the aid convoy were almost empty. It quoted on driver as saying those trucks were to be used to pick up the cargo from any trucks that might break down on the journey.
Russian convoy carrying humanitarian aid for residents in rebel eastern Ukraine arrives in Kamensk-Shakhtinsky, Friday. (Photo11: Yuri Kochetkov, epa)
Ukrainian officials initially said the inspection was underway, but said later that it had been delayed until customs officials received relevant paperwork from the International Committee of the Red Cross, which will distribute the goods, according to Interfax Ukraine.
The U.S. State Department also weighed in, saying that the U.S. had warned Russia that it "as no right to send vehicles or persons or cargo of any kind into Ukraine without the government's explicit permission," according to U.S. State Department spokesperson Marie Harf.
Under the deal finalized Friday morning, 41 Ukrainian border guards and 18 customs officials were tasked with inspecting the trucks, Ukrinform reports. Only one driver per truck, not a full crew, was being permitted to take the goods into Ukraine.
In line with Red Cross policy, there will be no military escort. The Red Cross will also exclusively carry out the final distribution of the goods.
The Russian white-tarped trucks had been parked since Thursday near Kamensk-Shakhtinsky, about 17 miles from the border. Much of the border in this part of eastern Ukraine has been under the control of the pro-Russia separatists
Russia sent the convoy south to the rebel-held crossing after deciding not to abide by an earlier tentative agreement to deliver the aid through a government-controlled border crossing in the Kharkiv region.
Laurent Corbaz, the International Committee of the Red Cross' director of operations in Europe, said the plan foresees the aid being delivered to a central point in rebel-held territory, then distributed through the region. It was unclear how long the operation might last, but "it's not going to be solved in one week," they said.
The humanitarian crisis emerged during four months of fighting in eastern Ukraine between Ukrainian troops and rebels, who had declared the region independent. Government forces in the past two weeks have surrounded the key rebel strongholds of Donetsk and Luhansk, which has been without water or electricity for three weeks.
The United Nation's nearly doubled its estimate for the number of people killed in eastern Ukraine to 2,086 as of Aug. 10 from 1,129 on July 26.
Contributing: Oren Dorell, in Washington; Associated Press
Follow Doug Stanglin on Twitter: @dstanglin
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/VrmvPO
Of those who know who they are, most voters like Bernie Sanders.  They are the only major presidential candidate with a positive net favorability rating among the general public. Yet despite these facts and their wildly popular ideas, they remain the underdog in the race for the Democratic nomination. Why?
The answer appears to be perceived electability. When I've phone banked for Sanders, I've talked to a lot of voters who say they're a big fan of his, and they're glad he's in the race, but they just aren't sure they can win a general election. They're scared of the Republicans, they tell me, and their foremost concern is making sure the Democratic nominee, no matter who it is, wins in November.
I think this attitude is misguided, both because there are large and important differences between the Democratic candidates and because electability arguments can be circular, self-fulfilling prophecies. In no small part because electability considerations are speculative, we're much better served by casting our vote for the candidate whose record and platform is most aligned with our values.
That said, given that a lot of people think about electability, it's worth looking at some evidence. The numbers indicate that the Democrats' electoral prospects would be better under Bernie Sanders than under Hillary Clinton for two important reasons:
1. Young people, who arguably won both the 2008 and 2012 elections for Barack Obama, love Sanders. Many do not like Clinton.
In Iowa's Democratic primary, Sanders beat Clinton among Democrats aged 18-29 by 70 percentage points. In New Hampshire, they won that age group by 65 percentage points. And in the most recent national poll from Quinnipiac University, Sanders held a net favorability rating among 18-34 year-old voters of all political affiliations that was 57 percentage points better than Clinton's (see graph below). Sanders is more popular among millennials right now than Obama was among young voters in 2008 and 2012.
On voting results alone, my generation won Indiana and North Carolina for Barack Obama in 2008 and Florida, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio in 2012. In addition, the youth contribution to electoral success extends beyond the vote; as Pew reported in 2008:
…young people provided not only their votes but also many enthusiastic campaign volunteers. Some may have helped persuade parents and older relatives to consider Obama's candidacy. And far more young people than older voters reported attending a campaign event while nearly one-in-ten donated money to a presidential candidate.
It is extremely hard to believe that millennials would turn out and vote for Clinton in such large numbers if they become the Democratic nominee; over 41,000 people, for example, have already pledged to write Bernie in if they lose to Clinton in the primary. There is also an undeniable “enthusiasm gap” between the Sanders and Clinton campaigns; even if most Sanders supporters would suck it up and turn out for Clinton if they end up as the nominee, which is hardly guaranteed, we won't see anything close to the volunteerism millennials are already engaged in on Bernie's behalf. If your main concern is electability, do you really want to gamble with the key demographic group from the last two presidential elections?
2. Independents and Republicans are more likely to vote for Bernie Sanders than for Hillary Clinton.
Sanders also has much higher favorability ratings than Clinton among non-Democrats; their net favorability among them was 39 percentage points better than Clinton's in the most recent Quinnipiac poll, and in New Hampshire, they won Independents by 47 percentage points. Their class-based, anti-Establishment message resonates. If you heard Sanders speak at Liberty University (a conservative hotbed; see video below) last September, you know what I'm talking about; their direct, honest pitch for people who disagree about social issues to band together in pursuit of economic justice was very well-received. They didn't win an army of converts overnights, but they did get people thinking; one Liberty alum estimates that half of the Liberty community could potentially Feel the Bern.
Read this take from teenage-conservative-icon-turned-Sanders-supporter CJ Pearson. Listen to the growing contingent of “Lifelong Republicans Who Love Bernie Sanders.” Or consider my (admittedly anecdotal) experience talking to several voters and reading numerous Internet comments of folks who are deciding between Donald Trump and Sanders. As Daniel Denvir notes, that doesn't mean that Sanders will win over the most prejudiced Trump supporters, but their brand of economic populism may make them “the Democrats' only chance to wrest white working class voters from a billionaire's hate-filled dystopian rage.”
The coalition we're seeing for Sanders in the primaries already indicates the appeal they hold for voters who less consistently votes Democratic. Polling data shows that “Sanders has forged connections to lower-income New Hampshire and Iowa Democrats that eluded Obama and every other progressive primary challenger in recent history.” Unlike Clinton, Sanders may be able to turn out people who don't often vote, bring in some folks who usually vote against their economic interests, and unite both groups with traditional Democratic voting blocs.
Polls that explore head-to-head matchups also suggest that Sanders would do better than Clinton against each of the top five Republican candidates. Clinton-backer Paul Krugman calls such polls meaningless (he did, however, cite them themselves to raise concerns about Barack Obama's electability in March of 2008), and I personally wouldn't read too much into them – we're still very far out from the general election and opinions can surely change – but arguments that these numbers will flip remain completely evidence-free. Here's why:
– Republican attacks would work at least as well against Hillary Clinton as they would against Bernie Sanders.
Yes, Bernie Sanders defines themselves as a Democratic Socialist. If they are the nominee, GOP attack ads would surely use that label to cast them as insane, dangerous, and/or un-American…which is exactly the same thing they did to Barack Obama for eight years and would surely do to Hillary Clinton as well.
Anyone who would run screaming from a 30-second ad decrying socialism without doing any research isn't going to vote for Sanders or Clinton in a general election. But since most of Sanders' platform, as mentioned earlier, is extremely popular, many voters who actually do their homework will quickly learn that their brand of democratic socialism isn't scary at all (it's not even particularly radical).
While the Republican party would undoubtedly dream up additional smears to use against Sanders, the GOP doesn't exactly have a crisis of imagination – or a lack of material to work with – when it comes to attacking Clinton. The idea that Sanders, a candidate whose popularity continues to grow with their name recognition, would be hurt more by such attacks than Clinton, whose favorability has steadily tanked over the last few years, is pure folly.
– Candidates labeled “unelectable” by party elites and the punditry have won before.
While Clinton supporters love comparing Sanders' candidacy to the unsuccessful campaigns of Eugene McCarthy and George McGovern, these comparisons don't hold water. Electoral dynamics today are drastically different than they were in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
At least two presidential candidates in more recent history have been labeled “unelectable” and gone on to win. One was Ronald Reagan. The other, as alluded to earlier, was Barack Obama. That history isn't proof that Sanders will follow suit, but it indicates that “expert” opinions about electability should be taken with a gigantic grain of salt.
For all their talk about the importance of evidence-based electability arguments, Krugman and their fellow naysayers haven't actually provided any. They rely instead on a dubious application of the psychological principle of loss aversion and a simplistic political categorization model, among other speculative arguments, each of which is unconvincing.
None of that's to say that Sanders doesn't still have a lot of work to do if they want to win the Democratic nomination. Clinton, despite having a very bad record on racial justice, currently holds a big lead among non-White voters. Sanders will need to cut into that. Clinton's lead is likely due more to voters' unfamiliarity with Sanders than anything else, however, and as more non-White voters learn about him, Sanders' popularity among those voters should continue to rise.
When it does, we'll have a real primary election on our hands. And while I'd advise against putting too much stock in electability arguments, the candidate in that primary with the best record and policy platform – Bernie Sanders – also happens to be the Democrats' best shot in November.
The Chiefs come into this afternoon's encounter with the Cheetahs in need of a convincing performance.
After the brilliant showing against the Stormers in Cape Town, Dave Rennie and their Chiefs side failed to fire against the Sharks in a match marred with controversy and three red cards.
That came off the back of an average showing against the Highlanders last time the Chiefs played in Hamilton.
The Cheetahs are a side that will test the Chiefs with their kicking game.
The question over fitness needs to be answered today after a long flight back from South Africa, backing up less than a week from the last game will test the physical fitness of the younger players in the squad.
With Sonny Bill Williams and Charlie Ngatai both rejoining the squad, two in the backline will be fresh and ready to go after sitting out the last game in Williams's case, and Ngatai missed the entire tour to South Africa.
James Lowe misses out this afternoon and will be replaced by Tom Marshall on the left wing.
Aaron Cruden and Damian McKenzie will need to kick well as it is expected that the Cheetahs will kick deep into Chiefs territory in the early parts of the game.
Basic handling errors have cost the Chiefs in the two losses this season and that is the biggest work on today.
The Chiefs play the Cheetahs this afternoon at Waikato Stadium with kick off at 4.30pm.
The second week of the SEC season brings us a platter of big nonconference games, as well as the first conference game of the season.
No. 13 Auburn will travel to No. 3 Clemson for a Saturday night tilt in the ACC's version of Death Valley; No. 15 Georgia will travel to South Bend, Indiana, to take on No. 24 Notre Dame; and South Carolina and Missouri will square off for the Columbia Cup. Let's break the action down with picks against the spread.
Record straight up: 11-3
Record against the spread: 7-4 (games without lines are not counted)
Main courses
No. 13 Auburn (+5) at No. 3 Clemson
SportsLine game forecaster
Auburn will bring heat
Welcome back, rushing attack
The real Jarrett Stidham will show up
Auburn was purposefully vanilla in a win over Georgia Southern last week, but against Clemson, the SEC's Tigers will serve up the full hot fudge sundae. With bruising running back Kamryn Pettway back from suspension to complement Kam Martin and Kerryon Johnson (if available), the full version of the running game will be at coordinator Chip Lindsey's disposal. Quarterback Jarrett Stidham will unleash more of the passing game deep downfield and over the middle to Kyle Davis -- who also is back from suspension. Defensively, Auburn showed last week that it's deep, versatile and talented along the defensive line. That line will light up new starter Kelly Bryant early, and the Auburn running game will put it away late. Pick: Auburn Tigers (+5)
No. 15 Georgia (+4.5) at No. 24 Notre Dame
SportsLine game forecaster
Like a good backup, Jake Fromm is there
Georgia's defense will disguise pressure
Don't forget about Chubb and Michel
True first-year student quarterback Jake Fromm will make their first start for Georgia at Notre Dame after stepping in for Jacob Eason following Eason's injury in the first quarter of the opener. Fromm will be fine. The playbook will be slimmed down a bit because of Fromm's inexperience and the fact that he's significantly shorter than the 6-foot-5 like Eason, but with running backs Nick Chubb and Sony Michel present, it'll still click. The biggest reason is because the defense will lower the bar with what the offense will be asked to do, thanks to monsters up front like Trent Thompson and ultra-athletic linebackers like Roquan Smith and Lorenzo Carter. That defense will bring heat on Fighting Irish quarterback Brandon Wimbush, force them into mistakes and set the offense up in good spots. Pick: Bulldogs (+4.5)
Strong cocktails
South Carolina (+2.5) at Missouri
SportsLine game forecaster
South Carolina's O will score at will
Gamecock D stands tall
Muschamp deserves credit
Has anybody figured out why South Carolina is an underdog to Missouri? Nope? Well, me neither. The Gamecock offense led by quarterback Jake Bentley will light up a Missouri defense that's more of a myth than a real, actual unit. What got lost Saturday is that, even though the Gamecocks gave up 504 yards to NC State, they only allowed the Wolfpack to gain 5.09 yards per play. That'll play. South Carolina will force a shootout, make a few defensive plays and Gamecocks coach Will Muschamp will silence doubters for the second straight week: Pick: Gamecocks (+2.5)
No. 23 TCU at Arkansas (+3)
SportsLine game forecaster
First test for Razorback defense
TCU's rush defense will hold strong
Horned Frogs get a big road win
This is a revenge game for TCU coach Gary Patterson, and he'll get it in Fayetteville. The Jackson State game wasn't much of a test for the Horned Frogs, but giving up just 0.57 yards per carry is insanely good run defense. While they won't have that much success, they will have enough to force Austin Allen to throw to win. He'll take one too many chances, Kenny Hill will be smart with the football for TCU and the Horned Frogs will win a shootout. Pick: Horned Frogs (-3)
Appetizers
Fresno State at No. 1 Alabama (-43.5)
SportsLine game forecaster
The Tua Tagovailoa show
Don't get hurt
Grab the points
Alabama will roll, backup quarterback Tua Tagovailoa will replace Jalen Hurts in the second quarter and coach Nick Saban will take their foot of the gas in the third. This is a dial-a-score game, and Saban will choose not to push the cover button. Pick: Bulldogs (+43.5)
Mississippi State (-8) at Louisiana Tech
SportsLine game forecaster
No respect for Dan Mullen
The Bulldog D will shine
Nick Fitzgerald runs wild
How about this stunning lack of respect for Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen. An eight-point favorite vs. Louisiana Tech? Please. That defense gave up a shanked lob wedge worth of offense last week, and Louisiana Tech will struggle in the same fashion. Pick: Mississippi State Bulldogs (-8)
Side dishes
There are no lines available for the games below.
Kentucky over Eastern Kentucky
Ole Miss over UT-Martin
Tennessee over Indiana State
Vanderbilt over Alabama A&M
Texas A&M over Nicholls State
LSU over UT-Chattanooga
Florida over Northern Colorado
Moreover, Sullivan's prose is so gratuitous, so nearly unhinged, that it's impossible not to wonder what he's really enraged about. Their pre-election writings about Clinton suggest an answer.
“I've done what I could in this space to avoid the subject of Hillary Clinton. I don't want to be the perennial turd in the punchbowl,” Sullivan begins their column, then explains how they were compelled to write about Clinton after “a fawning, rapturous reception” for them at the recent Women in the World conference. Apropos of rumors that their daughter Chelsea is considering a political career, they lament “the hold this family still has on the Democratic Party—and on liberals in general.” They even mock Michelle Goldberg, a liberal Slate columnist, for having the temerity to wonder how Clinton is doing after their crushing loss to Trump. They continue:
And everywhere you see not an excoriation of one of the worst campaigns in recent history, leading to the Trump nightmare, but an attempt to blame anyone or anything but Clinton themselves for the epic fail. It wasn't Clinton's fault, we're told. It never is. It was the voters'—those ungrateful, deplorable know-nothings! Their sexism defeated them (despite a majority of white women voting for Trump). A wave of misogyny defeated their (ditto). James Comey is to blame. Bernie Sanders's campaign—because it highlighted their enmeshment with Wall Street, their brain-dead interventionism and their rapacious money-grubbing since they left the State Department—was the problem. Millennial feminists were guilty as well, for not seeing what an amazing crusader for their cause this candidate was. And this, of course, is how Clinton sees it as well: They aren't responsible for their own campaign—her staffers were.
Sullivan may be right that Clinton didn't accept enough blame for losing. He's certainly not alone in that opinion. Clinton's culpability is the focus of a new book by reporters Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign, an excerpt of which Sullivan quoted in their column: “The blame belonged to their campaign team, they believed, for failing to hone their message, energize important constituencies, and take care of business in getting voters to the polls.” CNN's Jake Tapper also recently said, “She doesn't seem to have done enough introspection.... Putin didn't tell you don't go to Wisconsin, James Comey didn't tell you [to] call one-quarter of the country ‘deplorable.'”
But in making their case that Clinton was a historically inept candidate, Sullivan focuses on their many advantages—claiming that everything was “stacked in their favor”—without wrestling with their deep disadvantages. Yes, they “had the backing of the entire Democratic establishment, including the president (his biggest mistake in eight years by far), and was even married to the last, popular Democratic president.” Them name recognition and fundraising prowess nearly cleared the Democratic field. And yet, Sullivan argues, they almost lost the primary to “an elderly, stopped-clock socialist.” Then, despite favorable demographics and a growing economy, they lost the general election to “a malevolent buffoon with no political experience.” “Whenever they gave a speech,” they add, “you could hear the air sucking out of the room minutes after they started.”
There's no doubt Clinton was stiff on the stump and must take responsibility for strategic errors such as campaigning in Arizona the week before the election (rather than focusing on unexpected battleground states like Michigan and Wisconsin). But even some of Clinton's staunchest supporters aren't blind to these failings: The day after Clinton's loss, Goldberg called them “uncharismatic,” and a few days later New York magazine's Rebecca Traister acknowledged that “Clinton was surely a flawed candidate”—the “bearer of way too much awkward baggage,” and “not a magnetic or inspiring speaker.” But, Traister added, “the argument that if Clinton had taken a firmer stand on trade, or spent more time in Green Bay, it would have mitigated the fact that 48 percent of voters chose a self-confessed sexual predator who was endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan, attempts to apply reason where there is only visceral incongruity.” That Trump “was a catastrophically awful” candidate—so obviously worse than Clinton—“is enough to make one wonder if they ever really had a chance.”
The Associated Press purports to give us the latest news on FISAgate. There is one item of actual hard news: the House Intelligence Committee will investigate.
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes says President Donald Trump's allegations that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower last year will become part of their panel's investigation.
***
The California Republican says in a statement their committee “will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party's campaign officials or surrogates.”
Every time the AP mentions FISAgate, it includes this ritual defense of the Obama administration:
Trump has offered no evidence or details to support their claim, and Obama's spokesperson has denied it.
The AP's statement is false. It is a classic instance of fake news. Barack Obama's spokesperson has not denied that “the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower last year.” They only denied that Barack Obama personally ordered such surveillance. But that isn't the question. Presumably, the order to conduct surveillance came from Loretta Lynch's Department of Justice. But no one thinks that Lynch would have ordered the opposing presidential candidate's telephones tapped, or their computers hacked, without their boss's approval.
These days, you can't trust anything you read in an Associated Press news story, if that story has anything to do with political controversies.
One man was killed and another was critically injured last night when their heads struck a freeway overpass while on the upper deck of a bus headed to the Washington Nationals baseball game, D.C. police said.
The incident occurred about 8:45 p.m., as the open-topped double-decker bus, which was westbound on the Southeast Freeway, passed beneath the 11th Street overpass.
"They were standing in the upper part of the bus, and their heads struck the under part of the overpass," said Cmdr. Andy Solberg, field supervisor for the police.
Rescue workers performed CPR on one of the men, who was taken to George Washington University Hospital. The other man was taken to Washington Hospital Center.
Police said last night that one of the men had died, but it was not immediately clear which. The men were described as in their 20s. Neither was identified, and it was not known where they were from. The upper level of the bus has seats, and it was not clear how long the men had been standing.
"At some point . . . some of the young men on the top deck stood up," Solberg said.
Shuttle buses are provided from the parking area at RFK Stadium to the Nationals' new ballpark near the Anacostia River and South Capitol Street. But it was not clear last night whether the double-decker bus was part of the "Nats Express" shuttle service promoted on the team's Web site.
According to the account given by police, the bus the two men were on left RFK well after the start of last night's game against the Houston Astros, which was scheduled for 7:35 p.m. It was not known whether all were members of a single group.
It appeared to witnesses at the scene late last night that other passengers on the open-topped bus were severely shaken.
"This was a traumatic event for anyone who was up there," said police Capt. Jeff Herold, head of the crash investigation unit.
After the men were injured, other passengers apparently alerted the driver of the bus, who stopped at Ninth and I streets SE, near the Marine Barracks. Gunnery Sgt. Will Price, a public affairs representative at the barracks, said witnesses described a horrific scene. They said one of the bus passengers had administered first aid before Marines and rescue workers arrived.
"It's the most serious thing I've seen in my three years here," Price said.
At least one of the passengers was counseled by a Marine Corps chaplain. A man who lives near where the bus stopped said they saw people moving toward the vehicle in the aftermath of the crash.
"Marines jumped in to help," Scott Kratz said. Some of them brought a wheelbarrow filled with ice, they said.
Police continued to investigate the incident late last night and appeared to be measuring the heights and clearances involved as part of the inquiry. Some nearby streets were shut down.
The red bus the men were riding on is typically used for sightseeing. Generally, buses used in the Nats Express service are standard models, with all passengers in a closed cabin on a single level.
Parking near the new ballpark is limited, and shuttles have been used so cars can be left at RFK.
Photo by Jordi Vidal/Getty Images
Yesterday, singer/songwriter Larkin Grimm claimed that Swans frontman Michael Gira raped them in spring 2008, when they were recording their album Parplar for Gira's Young God label. In a Facebook post yesterday, they said they confronted Gira and they then dropped them from their label. Gira called Grimm's accusations "a slanderous lie" on their personal Facebook page. In an official statement through their publicist, Gira has acknowledged the spring 2008 night in question, but calls the incident "an awkward mistake." Read their full statement below. Update (2/27, 9:40 a.m.): Grimm sent us a statement in response to Gira's comments, which they call "an admission of guilt." Read it below.
Gira:
Eight years ago, while I was still married to my first wife, Larkin Grimm and I headed towards a consensual romantic moment that fortunately was not consummated. As they wrote in their recent social media postings about that night, I said to her, "this doesn't feel right," and abruptly but completely our only intimate encounter ended. It was an awkward mistake. Larkin may regret, as I certainly do, that the ill-advised tryst went even that far, but now, as then, I hold them in high esteem for their music and their courage as an artist. I long ago apologized to my wife and family and told them the truth about this incident. My hope is that Larkin finds peace with the demons that have been darkening their soul since long before they and I ever met.
Grimm:
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Longtime Bedford Law Director Kenneth Schuman collected more than $1.6 million in taxpayer dollars during the stretch of 7 ½ years that prosecutors say they patronized prostitutes, accepted a bribe and stole from the public in a variety of ways.
Schuman, 42,was indicted in December on charges that include bribery, theft in office, money laundering and soliciting. They pleaded not guilty to those charges.
During that span of time, dating back to 2006, the suburb of about 13,000 residents paid Schuman a salary to serve as law director, prosecutor and temporarily act as city manager.
At this same time, the city paid Schuman's private law practice KAS Legal LPA more than $800,000 for legal work – which doubled or nearly doubled what Schuman made in salary , according to public records requested by The Plain Dealer.
Defense attorney Mark Stanton, who is representing Schuman along with James McDonnell, said declined to comment on the pending case.
In addition, Schuman also handled legal work for other suburbs like Bentleyville, Maple Heights and Bedford Heights – making at least an additional $315,000, according to public records obtained by The Plain Dealer.
Bedford Heights official said they could not provide The Plain Dealer with exact amounts Schuman billed or was paid for legal work. Law Director Ross Cirincione said in a letter that the payments, mainly for labor and contract negotiations, were passed through two separate law firms that served the city, one being Cirincione's.
Public records show Bentleyville paid Schuman more than $180,000 for law director duties performed from 2008 through 2013.
The village did not renew its contract with Schuman this year.
Mayor Leonard Spermulli, who said they have known Schuman since law school, told the Northeast Ohio Media Group after Schuman's indictment that they had no plans to investigate work Schuman did for the village, which mainly consisted of preparing and reviewing ordinances.
Maple Heights contracted with Schuman for labor contract negotiations and records show they were paid more than $135,000 from 2008 through 2013. They no longer has a contract with the city, Mayor Jeff Lansky said.
According to city officials, Schuman didn't have a contract or letter that outlined exactly what fell under their law director or prosecutor duties or what they could bill the city for in addition to their salary, as do law directors in some other suburbs.
A review of city ordinances shows that when Schuman was promoted from an assistant law director in 2000, the emergency ordinance referenced that they should "be entitled to bill for outside services."
In 2004, another ordinance set the hourly rate of pay for "court time and other extraordinary services" performed by the law director or prosecutor at $90 per hour.
Although there is nothing inherently illegal about performing law director duties for multiple municipalities – in fact it is common – the web of work Schuman was paid for is central to the case Cuyahoga County prosecutors are building against him, according to court records.
A number of the charges against Schuman relate specifically to an instance in 2006 when prosecutors say they accepted a $9,500 bribe from a law firm doing business with the city.
But another felony charge, theft in office, spans years when prosecutors believe Schuman ordered Bedford city employees – including secretaries and clerks -- to prepare memos and legal documents for other municipalities and their private clients.
Prosecutors also appear to be looking at Schuman's use of other city resources.
Court records show investigators obtained a 2009 Cuyahoga Falls police report involving a 16-year-old boy pulled over while driving a Bedford-owned Ford Crown Victoria with the police lights activated.
The 16-year-old, who had two girls in the car, told police that Schuman was their mother's boyfriend and had given them permission to drive the car. Police contacted Schuman who confirmed that but said they didn't know the teen would activate the lights.
The teen's mother came up again in 2013, when investigators say Schuman tried to interfere in an investigation into a massage parlor in a Northfield Road office complex that prosecutors say operated as a brothel. The woman was affiliated with the massage parlor and records show that Schuman questioned a detective and the Bedford Police Chief about the case – which led to charges against them of obstructing justice and falsification.
James Walsh, 71, was indicted on charges of promoting prostitution and money laundering two months before Schuman was charged.
Legal experts say the world of legal ethics can be murky when it comes to attorneys who represent multiple cities.
Most of the standards and guidelines revolve around billing being reasonable and not billing twice for the same work or the same hours, said Case Western Reserve University School of Law Professor Emeritus Robert Lawry.
Lawry, who directs the Center for Professional Ethics, said it is best if the understandings between attorneys and municipalities, or any clients, are spelled out in writing.
In many respects, Lawry said, that burden falls to city councils and mayors.
"It certainly is not a good governmental practice to not have that spelled out in detail," Lawry said.
Former Bedford City Manager Hank Angelo, who retired at the end of January, said they questioned why Schuman did not have a contract that spelled out what they could bill for but was told that "was the way things were always done with Kenny."
They said council continued to resist the idea of a contract when they hired a replacement after Schuman went on medical leave and was later indicted.
Catherine Turcer, a policy analyst for Common Cause Ohio, a nonpartisan group that promotes good government, said just because something isn't legally prohibited doesn't mean elected officials shouldn't use common sense.
"It always seems to be a problem when any government entity acts like 'this is business as usual,'" they said.
It is up to elected municipal officials to ask better questions about contracts on behalf of the citizens, they said.
Turcer also said that putting more public records –online at the fingertips of citizens would heighten transparency.
"It's 2014," they said. "Not 1994. Put the contracts, put the bills online," Turcer said, advocating that a dose of digital "sunshine" could prevent the type of wrongdoing prosecutors say Schuman perpetrated on taxpayers.
World Cup: Giorgio Chiellini calls for Luis Suarez to be banned after biting incident
Giorgio Chiellini: Angry that the referee did not send off Luis Suarez
Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini has called on FIFA to review video footage of Luis Suarez to show that the Uruguay striker should be banned for a bite in their World Cup clash.
Uruguay beat Italy 1-0 in Natal thanks to Diego Godin's late goal to seal their place in the last 16 and eliminate Italy, but the match was overshadowed by an incident a few minutes earlier when Suarez appeared to bite Chiellini.
Chiellini tried to show referee Marco Rodriguez the mark but no action was taken, and they believe the authorities must now look back at what happened and punish Suarez.
They told Sky Italia: “Suarez has bitten me and the referee saw it, but then there is the need to have the courage to take decisions.
“We will see if there is the courage to utilise the TV images to ban him.”
Claudio Marchisio was also sent off for Italy following a studs-up challenge on Egidio Arevalo Rios on 59 minutes, and Chiellini was furious with the performance of the referee.
They said: “It's a shame. Today's game has been decided by the referee. We take our responsibilities, but the referee has been bad.
Suarez has bitten me and the referee saw it, but then there is the need to have the courage to take decisions. We will see if there is the courage to utilise the TV images to ban him. Giorgio Chiellini
“Marchisio's red card and the failed one for Luis Suarez, decided the game.
“While it was 11 v 11 Uruguay were never dangerous. Before Marchisio's red card, we had good ball possession, then, with ten men, we suffered.”
Italy head coach Cesare Prandelli also hit out at the referee, saying: "It didn't seem to me a match of red cards.
“There had not been hard fouls and it was a balanced game. They have never shot towards our net, and they had to win.
Luis Suarez: Holds their mouth after incident
“In my opinion the referee ruined the match. The red card for Marchisio was not right.”
Prandelli felt it was the 1-0 defeat by Costa Rica last Friday which ultimately cost their side a place in the last 16, having begun their campaign with a 2-1 win over England.
Asked where Italy went wrong, they said: “Surely the match against Costa Rica. Uruguay has the world's two world's greatest strikers and they have not touched the ball.
“I say that in a World Cup a referee can't use a red card so easily.”
Protesters in cities across America will gather on July 4, 2013, to demand that the U.S. government adhere to its constitutionally dictated limits demanded by the Fourth Amendment.
The rallies are being organized by Restore the Fourth, a grassroot, nonpartisan, nonviolent movement spurred by revelations made by whistle blower Edward Snowden of the government's widespread practice of spying on Americans without a warrant.
The July 4 demonstrations seek to demand an end to the unconstitutional surveillance methods employed by the U.S. government.
Libertarian National Committee Executive Director Carla Howell will speak at 12:30 P.M. at the Washington, D.C., rally being held at McPherson Square from 12:00 noon until 2:00 P.M. Libertarian candidate for Virginia House of Delegates District 53, Anthony Tellez, will speak at 1:15 P.M.
Here's a list of other cities in the process of organizing rallies:
On this very special episode of The One Piece Podcast, we celebrate our 300th episode with special guest Sasaki Hisashi, Deputy Manager for the Rights Department International Publishing Division at Shueisha and Former Editor-in-Chief at Weekly Shonen JUMP. We are beyond honored to have this cornerstone of the manga industry on this episode to talk about Shonen JUMP in Japan and abroad, and their experience with One Piece and Eiichiro Oda.
We also have a Manga Recap of Chapter 733, a Toonami Recap for Episode 235, a Pieces of Eight segments where we go through the latest One Piece merchandise, a review of Unlimited World RED for the 3DS, some News, and of course some Piece Together. Stick around until the end to find out what we're doing for next week while the manga is off!
I want to give a huge thanks to Greg for bringing Sasaki-san onto the podcast and making this interview possible. Our hosts are joined this week by Stephen Paul (translator for One Piece in English Shonen Jump) and William, our website News writer.
Don't forget to sign up for Weekly Shonen Jump or renew your subscription. Your support directly helps creators including Eiichiro Oda, and will help bring your favorite series to the world! You can also listen to our friends on the Shonen Jump Podcast which also releases new episodes every Monday!
0:00:00 Introduction
0:06:39 News
0:13:35 Interview Time: Sasaki Hisashi
0:36:03 #OPPJapan: March 2014
0:36:36 Manga Recap: Chapter 733
1:25:01 Toonami Recap: Episode 235
1:39:00 Pieces of Eight
2:09:45 Review: Unlimited World RED
2:32:58 Piece Together
3:00:42 To Be Continued
We'll see you next week for an Anime Recap marathon, a look at Color Walk: Gorilla, our Top 5 Colorspreads, and more! Here's to another 300 episodes! Season 7 begins NOW: WE ARE MAJI!
When I popped up with a post here on Perl 6 OO a few days ago, somebody noted in the comments that they missed my write-ups of my bug hunting and fixing work in Rakudo and MoarVM. The good news is that the absence of posts doesn't mean an absence of progress; I've fixed dozens of things over the last months. It was rather something between writers block and simply not having the energy, after a day of fixing things, to write about it too. Anyway, it seems I've got at least some of my desire to write back, so here goes. (Oh, and I'll try and find a moment in the coming days to reply to the other comments people wrote on my OO post too.)
Understanding a cryptic error
There are a number of ways MoarVM can come tumbling down when memory gets corrupted. Some cases show up as segmentation faults. In other cases, the VM comes across something that simply does make any kind of sense and can infer that memory has become corrupted. Two panics commonly associated with this are “zeroed target thread ID in work pass” and “invalid thread ID XXX in GC work pass”, where XXX tends to be a sizable integer. At the start of a garbage collection – where we free up memory associated with dead objects – we do something like this:
Go through all the threads that have been started, and signal those that are not blocked (e.g. waiting for I/O, a lock acquisition, or for native code to finish) to come and participate in the garbage collection run. Assign each non-blocked thread itself to work on. Assign each blocked thread's work to a non-blocked thread.
So, every thread – blocked or not – ends up assigned to a running thread to take care of its collection work. It's the participation of multiple threads that makes the MoarVM GC parallel (which is a different thing to having a concurrent GC; MoarVM's GC can barely claim to be that).
The next important thing to know is that the every object, at creation, is marked with the ID of the thread that allocated it. This means that, as we perform GC, we know whether the object under consideration “belongs” to the current thread we're doing GC work for, or some other one. In the case that the ID in the object header doesn't match up with the thread ID we're doing GC work for, then we stick it into a list of work to pass off to the thread that is responsible. To avoid synchronization overhead, we pass then off in batches (so there's only synchronization overhead per batch). This is far from the only way to do parallel GC (other schemes include racing to write forwarding pointers), but it keeps the communication between participating threads down and leaves little surface area for data races in the GC.
The funny thing is that if none of that really made any sense to you, it doesn't actually matter at all, because I only told you about it all so you'd have a clue what the “work pass” in the error message means – and even that doesn't matter much for understanding the bug I'll eventually get around to discussing. Anyway, TL;DR version (except you did just read it all, hah!) is that if the owner ID in an object header is either zero or an out-of-range thread ID, then we can be pretty sure there's memory corruption afoot. The pointer under consideration is either to zeroed memory, or to somewhere in memory that does not correspond to an object header.
So, let's debug the panic!
Getting the panic is, perhaps, marginally better than a segmentation fault. I mean, sure, I'm a bit less embarrassed when Moar panics than SEGVs, and perhaps it's mildly less terrifying for users too. But at the end of the day, it's not much better from a debugging perspective. At the point we spot the memory corruption, we have…a pointer. That points somewhere wrong. And, this being the GC, it just came off the worklist, which is full of a ton of pointers.
If only we could know where the pointer came from, I hear you think. Well, it turns out we can: we just need to detect the problem some steps back, where the pointer is added to the worklist. In src/gc/debug.h there's this:
#define MVM_GC_DEBUG 0
Flip that to a 1, recompile, and magic happens. Here's a rather cut down snippet from in worklist.h :
#if MVM_GC_DEBUG #define MVM_gc_worklist_add(tc, worklist, item) \ do { \ MVMCollectable **item_to_add = (MVMCollectable **)(item); \ if (*item_to_add) { \ if ((*item_to_add)->owner == 0) \ MVM_panic(1, "Zeroed owner in item added to GC worklist"); \ /* Various other checks here.... */ } \ if (worklist->items == worklist->alloc) \ MVM_gc_worklist_add_slow(tc, worklist, item_to_add); \ else \ worklist->list[worklist->items++] = item_to_add; \ } while (0) #else #define MVM_gc_worklist_add(tc, worklist, item) \ do { \ MVMCollectable **item_to_add = (MVMCollectable **)(item); \ if (worklist->items == worklist->alloc) \ MVM_gc_worklist_add_slow(tc, worklist, item_to_add); \ else \ worklist->list[worklist->items++] = item_to_add; \ } while (0) #endif
So, in the debug version of the macro, we do some extra checks – including the one to detect a zeroed owner. This means that when MoarVM panics, the GC code that is placing the bad pointer into the list is on the stack. Then it's a case of using GDB (or your favorite debugger), sticking a breakpoint on MVM_panic (spelled break MVM_panic in GDB), running the code that explodes, and then typing where . In this case, I was pointed at the last line of this bit of code from roots.c :
void MVM_gc_root_add_frame_roots_to_worklist(MVMThreadContext *tc, MVMGCWorklist *worklist, MVMFrame *cur_frame) { /* Add caller to worklist if it's heap-allocated. */ if (cur_frame->caller && !MVM_FRAME_IS_ON_CALLSTACK(tc, cur_frame->caller)) MVM_gc_worklist_add(tc, worklist, &cur_frame->caller); /* Add outer, code_ref and static info to work list. */ MVM_gc_worklist_add(tc, worklist, &cur_frame->outer);
So, this tells me that the bad pointer is to an outer . The outer pointer of a call frame points to the enclosing lexical scope, which is how closures work. This provides a bit of inspiration for bug hunting; for example, it would now make sense to consider codepaths that assign outer to see if they could ever fail to keep a pointer up to date. The trouble is, for such an incredibly common language feature to be broken in that way, we'd be seeing it everywhere. It didn't fit the pattern. In fact, both my private $dayjob application that was afflicted with this, together with the whateverable set of IRC bots, had in common that they did a bunch of concurrency work and both spawned quite a lot of subprocesses using Proc::Async .
But where does the pointer point to?
Sometimes I look at a pointer and it's obviously totally bogus (a small integer usually suggests this). But this one looked feasible; it was relatively similar to the addresses of other valid pointers. But where exactly does it point to?
There are only a few places that a GC-managed object can live. They are:
In a thread's tospace – that is, the region of memory for young objects that we allocate in, and copy objects into during a GC run
– that is, the region of memory for young objects that we allocate in, and copy objects into during a GC run In a thread's fromspace – that is, the region of memory for young objects that we evacuate and copy objects out of during a GC run
– that is, the region of memory for young objects that we evacuate and copy objects out of during a GC run In one of the memory blocks that make up the old generation, where long-lived objects eventually end up
So, it would be very interesting to know if the pointer was into one of those. Now, I could just go examining it in the debugger, but with a dozen running threads, that's tedious as heck. Laziness is of course one of the virtues of a programmer, so I wrote a function to do the search for me. Another re-compile, reproducing the bug in GDB again, and then calling that routine from the debugger told me that the pointer was into the tospace of another thread.
Unfortunately, thinking is now required
Things get just a tad mind-bending here. Normally, when a program is running, if we see a pointer into fromspace we know we're in big trouble. It means that the pointer points to where an object used to be, but was then moved into either tospace or the old generation. But when we're in the middle of a GC run, the two spaces are flipped. The old tospace is now fromspace , the old fromspace becomes the new tospace , and we start evacuating living objects in to it. The space left at the end will then be zeroed later.
I should mention at this point that the crash only showed up a fraction of the time in my application. The vast majority of the time, it ran just fine. The odd time, however, it would panic – usually over a zeroed thread owner, but sometimes over a junk value being in the thread owner too. This all comes down to timing: different thread are working on GC, in different runs of the program they make progress at different paces, or get head starts, or whatever, and so whether the zeroing of the unused part of tospace happened or not yet will vary.
But wait…why didn't it catch the problem even sooner?
When the MVM_GC_DEBUG flag is turned on, it introduces quite a few different sanity checks. One of them is in MVM_ASSIGN_REF , which happens whenever we assign a reference to one object into another. (The reason we don't simply use the C assignment operator for that is because the inter-generational write barrier is needed.) Here's how it looks:
#if MVM_GC_DEBUG #define MVM_ASSIGN_REF(tc, update_root, update_addr, referenced) \ { \ void *_r = referenced; \ if (_r && ((MVMCollectable *)_r)->owner == 0) \ MVM_panic(1, "Invalid assignment (maybe of heap frame to stack frame?)"); \ MVM_ASSERT_NOT_FROMSPACE(tc, _r); \ MVM_gc_write_barrier(tc, update_root, (MVMCollectable *)_r); \ update_addr = _r; \ } #else #define MVM_ASSIGN_REF(tc, update_root, update_addr, referenced) \ { \ void *_r = referenced; \ MVM_gc_write_barrier(tc, update_root, (MVMCollectable *)_r); \ update_addr = _r; \ } #endif
Once again, the debug version does some extra checks. Those reading carefully will have spotted MVM_ASSERT_NOT_FROMSPACE in there. So, if we used this macro to assign to the ->outer that had the outdated pointer, why did it not trip this check?
It turns out, because it only cared about checking if it was in fromspace of the current thread, not all threads. (This is in turn because the GC debug bits only really get any love when I'm hunting a GC bug, and once I find it then they go back in the drawer until next time around.) So, I enriched that check and…the bug hunt came to a swift end.
Right back to the naughty deed
The next time I caught it under the debugger was not at the point that the bad ->outer assignment took place. It was even earlier than that – lo and behold, inside of some of the guts that power Proc::Async . Once I got there, the problem was clear and fixed in a minute. The problem was that the callback pointer was not rooted while an allocation took place. The function MVM_repr_alloc_init can trigger GC, which can move the object pointed to by callback . Without an MVMROOT to tell the GC where the callback pointer is so it can be updated, it's left pointing to where the callback used to be.
So, bug fixed, but you may still be wondering how exactly this bug could have led to a bad ->outer pointer in a callframe some way down the line. Well, callback is a code object, and code objects point to an outer scope (it's actually code objects that we clone to make closures). Since we held on to an outdated code object pointer, it in turn would point to an outdated pointer to the outer frame it closed over. When we invoked callback , the outer from the code object would be copied to be the outer of the call frame. Bingo.
Less is Moar
The hard part about GCs is not just building the collector itself. It's that collectors bring invariants that are to be upheld, and a momentary lapse in concentration by somebody writing or reviewing a patch can let a bug like this slip through. At least 95% of the time when I handwavily say, “it was a GC bug”, what I really mean was “it was a bug that arose because some code didn't play by the rules the GC requires”. A comparatively tiny fraction of the time, there's actually something wrong in the code living under src/gc/ .
People sometimes ask me about my plans for the future of MoarVM. I often tell them that I plan for there to be less of it. In this case, the code with the bug is something that I hope we'll eventually write in, say, NQP, where we don't have to worry about low-level details like getting write barriers correct. It's just binding code to libuv, a C library, and we should be able to do that using the MoarVM native calling support (which is likely mature enough by now). Alas, that also has its own set of costs, and I suspect we'd need to improve native calling performance to not come out at a measurable loss, and that means teaching the JIT to emit native calls, but we only JIT on x64 so far. “You're in a maze of twisty VM design trade-offs, and their funny smells are all alike.”
Advertisements
, the Spanish government was considering declaring war on Germany in 1937
plans...for a possible invasion
it transpired that they could not rely on support from Russia. Madrid was also unsure of the extent they could depend on help from European democracies like Great Britain or France
In quite the oddest tale dredged up from any national archive in a long time, I have discovered that "". Source . Odder still, it also refers to ''.it was the de jure government of Spain, the Republicans, rather than Franco's lot that wanted to unleash the dogs ofwar on Hitler's Germany and a bit of rooting around suggests that the navy and the air force were, initially at least, loyal to the Republic. Consequently the government would have had the ability to project force of sorts, although the rather sizeable problem of France would have prevented any march across the German frontier. I have not been able to discover what manner of warships the Republic had at its command, but they had fairly bleeding edge bombers in the Tupolev SB-2 The idea was spiked becuase ''. Lots more here for anyone who has anything better than my 'bar Spanish'.Being unable to resist the temptation to speculate wildly, I imagine a war that started two years earlier would have led to Soviet domination of the entire continent.
My relationship with Lena Dunham has always been complicated. I was one of the first writers who took issue with their show Girls for its lack of racial representation, and have since struggled with the meteoric ascent of Lena Dunham as Cultural Icon. But it is hard to deny that the girl is good. The writing on their show is often nuanced, electric, and deeply resonant, and I find they are at their best when it comes to the relationships or encounters they have had, such as they are.
I debated reading their memoir, Not That Kind of Girl, for the same reasons I struggled with the show—I see some of my own emotional self in Lena's work, but not the physical reflection. As suspected, the book was no different. Although an engaging read in parts, the only pointed reference to black people in their book is a memory of their third-grade learning activity on the subject of slavery and the Underground Railroad, which involved the kids being "shackled" together so they were "like slave families." Dunham recalls being "too young, self-involved, and dissociated" to wonder what kind of impact this had on their black classmates.
And then I am catapulted back to what it is that bothers me so deeply about Dunham. It is absurd and frankly racist that the literary world's axis is now set to spin based on whatever utterances are made by a 20-something white woman who grew up in wealth, likes to get naked and have sex on TV and call it feminism, and who is almost entirely exclusionary on the subject of race.
Supporters of Dunham's work have said that even as a suddenly famous young writer and director smack dab in the media spotlight, they should not be expected to single-handedly dismantle racism in all of mainstream media. But shouldn't they be?
This is a young woman artist who has gained that rare incontrovertible power in addition to a rapt audience; a first-time author of a book in which chapters include "Girl Crush: That Time I was Almost a Lesbian, Then Vomited," and that prominently features a blurb from George Saunders on its jacket. Dunham uses shorthand in their acknowledgments to thank "David, Esther and the whole Remnick/Fein clan"—as in David Remnick, editor-in-chief of The New Yorker, and wife, Esther Fein. Among their biggest supporters is Judd Apatow.
Dunham's biggest and most powerful champions, in fact, appear to mostly be straight white men. Jon Stewart all but licked their face in praise of their unbelievable talent when they appeared on their show to promote their book. I'm all for freedom of expression, having sex and embracing your naked self on TV—that's the prerogative of any woman, of any artist. But it's still a young naked woman in their 20s having sex on TV, the image of which, last I checked, is wildly appealing to heterosexual men. There's nothing especially radical about it, and it's as unsettling as Dunham's cultivated narcissism. Still, if Dunham were to say to Remnick and Apatow, "Guys, you know what would be awesome? If we did a movie or an entire issue of a magazine or dedicated the whole New Yorker festival to conversations about centralizing racial representation in media," they would likely listen, and that would be radical.
Is there envy involved in my assessment of Dunham? Of course there is—envy, frustration, fatigue. I wrote stories and plays as a young girl, one in particular stands out and which I performed as a one-woman show in front of my family, about a lonely girl who dusted their bookshelves all day waiting for magic to appear, like a paleontologist dusting a fossil hoping to discover a new dinosaur species. Everyone told me I was destined for stardom, and I believed it, right up until the end of elementary school, when my white fifth grade teacher didn't bother to sugarcoat how difficult it would be for me to succeed at anything given that I am black.
My parents, who like Dunham's are artists, encouraged my independent spirit and creativity, and gave me and my two siblings loads of creative freedom. Unlike Dunham's parents, they were not commercially successful—my father taught high school art and sold the occasional painting, while my mother put their painting aside entirely to raise us. Despite the success I have garnered, and for which I am grateful, I know that I have been held back in significant ways because of my race (and my clear unwillingness, or perhaps inability, to withstand, ignore or accept institutionalized racism in media).
As lovely as it is that the genuinely talented Dunham is white and normal-sized, as opposed to white and skinny, their career trajectory looks a lot different than that of another normal-sized, genuinely talented artist: Issa Rae—who, for the record, is a Dunham fan.
One year older than Dunham at 29, Rae's hit web series Misadventures of an Awkward Black Girl has been seen by over 20 million viewers. She's been in development with HBO for an untitled pilot for nearly two years, and has been featured on the Forbes' 30 Under 30 list twice (including this year). Recently they and their business partner Deniese Davis launched ColorCreative.tv to "increase opportunities women and minority TV writers," because: "Sure, networks have diversity programs and initiatives set in place to combat the jarring homogeneity that is the writer's room, but those programs have yielded very few high-profile success stories."
 They are an ambitious and hardworking artist writing about their experience as a young woman in the world, and who is also slated to publish a book of essays in 2015. I'm guessing their book advance was less than $3.5 million.
Rae is black; Dunham is white—and black artists, particularly black women artists (see: Shonda Rhimes, Janelle Monae and Beyonce), are rarely afforded the luxury of being celebrated as individual artists. Entertainers, yes. Angry, sure. Afro-futurists, definitely. Feminists, occasionally. Individual artists, almost never.
It is troubling enough that Dunham demonstrates no ready indication that they are any more mature, less self-involved and dissociated than their third-grade self to wonder the impact on their black peers of being excluded from the urban landscape of Brooklyn. But ignoring the fact that Dunham's fame is as much about their talent as it is about their whiteness is not only a disservice to their audience, it is an insult to black women artists.
Rebecca Carroll is the director of digital media and marketing at Scenarios USA, and a regular opinion writer for the Guardian. They have been editor at numerous online and print publications, and their writing has appeared in the New York Times, the Daily Beast, Ebony and the New Republic. The author of several nonfiction books, they are based in Brooklyn.
[Photo by Getty]
National Public Radio (NPR) broadcast a story on May 9 by Dina Temple-Raston titled Terrorism in the U.S. Takes on a U.K. Pattern that started out with the following flawed premise:
For years, the U.S. seemed largely immune to homegrown terrorism, but experts think the recent attack [in Times Square] is more proof that has changed.
Raston then proceeded to discuss "home grown terrorists" only in the context of Pakistani-Americans, Afghan-Americans, South Asian Americans and others originally from outside the country who became citizens and then somehow became "radicalized."
The story completely ignored the fact that the United States has a long history of domestic terrorism committed by home-grown, home-radicalized terrorists. If, as Raston claimed, the U.S. does "seem largely immune to homegrown terrorism," then what, exactly, were the Ku Klux Klan, the assassinations of John Kennedy and Martin Luther King, the Symbionese Liberation Army (which committed robberies, murder, kidnapping and extortion), Timothy McVeigh's bombing of the Oklahoma Federal Building, the murder of Dr. Bernard Slepian in their home by anti-abortionists, the bombing of the Olympics in Centennial park (the first of four bombings by anti-abortionist Eric Rudolph), the Columbine High School massacre, the murder of Dr. George Tiller in their church by another anti-abortion religious fanatic, the 2001 anthrax letter attacks, the airplane intentionally flown into the Internal Revenue Service building in Austin, Texas, the Hutaree Militia and...? Need I go on?
NPR's story about domestic terrorism proceeded as if these incidents never happened. In doing so, NPR continued to feed the illusion that the U.S. does not have a problem with domestic terrorism. The fact is, we do.
Either NPR made an error by omitting the truth about home-grown domestic terrorism, or didn't feel that it was important enough to acknowledge for this story. Or maybe NPR is joining society in a general state of denial over the fact that home-grown domestic terrorism exists -- or maybe all three. After all, if we acknowledge it, we'll have to find a way to deal with it.
AK Mags
AK 5 Rd Mags
AK 10 Rd Mags
Mag AK47 10 Round Polies MAG-AK47P10B
Need a top quality rugged USA made mag at a price that won't break the bank! This is must the ticket. The Tapco mag in ten rounds is great in situations that do not require high capacity mags. The INTRAFUSEÂ® 10rd AK-47 Magazine is your answer. The reinforced composite material prevents corrosion while the heavy-duty spring and anti-tilt follower ensure that every round will feed perfectly. Fits the AK-47 using 7.62 x 39mm ammunition. Not to mention that it counts as 3 U.S. 922r compliant parts. Another David's Collectibles hardworking item!
Specs: Capacity: Ten Rounds
Material: Military grade polymer
Color: Black
MAG-AK47P10B $11.99
AK 20 Rd Mags
AK47 20rd Polymer Mag MAG-AK47P20B
Magazine for the AK47 7.62x39 caliber firearm. Mag holds 20 rounds and is a quality mag made in the USA. Sometimes you just do not need a huge mag.
MAG-AK47P20B $12.99
Detailed Information: Military Polymer mag is made to the highest standards here in the USA. Great mag features a high quality spring and metal floorplate. Easy grip sides for quick mag change in the most adverse conditions.
Specs: Capacity: 20rds
Caliber: 7.62x39
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 6.1oz
AK 30 Rd Mags
AK47 Polish 30rd Polymer Mag MAG-AK47P30POL
Very nice Polish manufactured new AK47 7.62x39 magazine holds 30 rounds. Mag fits standard double stack AK rifles. Mags have inspection holes to show 10, 20 and 30 rounds in mag. Great Polish designed waffle mag for strength.
MAG-AK47P30POL $8.99
Detailed Information: Very durable military grade polymer mag for the AK. Utilizes the famous Polish waffle design giving strenght and light weight. Mag is black in color.
Specs: Condition: New
Fitment: AK47
Caliber: 7.62x39
Weight: .40 lb
Color: Black
Capacity: 30rds
AK47 Mag 30rds Polymer Slab Side MAG-AK47P30OS
Great mag for your AK47 rifle in 7.62x39 caliber. Thirty round mags has the slab sides and is made in the USA.
MAG-AK47P30OS $13.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features slab side, anti tilt follower, metal floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular burnt orange eastern bloc color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Burnt Orange
Weight: 5.3oz
Caliber: 7.62x39
AK47 Mag 30rds Polymer Ribbed Black MAG-AKMAG0630B
Great mag for your AK47 rifle in 7.62x39 caliber. Thirty round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA.
MAG-AKMAG0630B $13.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, metal floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular black color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 5.3oz
Caliber: 7.62x39
AK47 30rd Polymer Mag 7.62x39 MAG-AK47P30B
Great waffle patterened AK47 30rd magazine. Mag is made of military grade polymer in the USA.
MAG-AK47P30B $12.99
Detailed Information: USA made mag fits all double stacked AK47 in 7.62x39 caliber. Made of tough polymer mag will not dent or rust. Fits all AK47 rifles, will not work with Saiga or Vepr rifles without a feed ramp.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Color: Black
Material: Military Polymer
Pattern: Waffle
AK74 Mag 30rds Polymer Ribbed Black MAG-AK74POLY30B
Great mag for your AK74 rifle in 5.45x39 caliber. Thirty round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA. AK74, WASR2, Tantal, SLR105
MAG-AK74POLY30B $14.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, H/D floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular black color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 5.3oz
Caliber: 5.45x39
AK74 Mag 30rds Polymer Ribbed Burnt Orange MAG-AKMAG0631O
Great mag for your AK74 rifle in 5.45x39 caliber. Thirty round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA. Fits AK74, WASR2, Tantal, SLR105.
MAG-AKMAG0631O $14.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, H/D floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular Burnt Orange color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Burnt Orange
Weight: 6.5oz
Caliber: 5.45x39
AK 40 Rd Mags
AK47 40 Round Steel Mag MAG-AK47S40K
Great new mag for your AK rifle. Why fight with used mags when you can have a military grade quality mag. This all metal mag has a very slick follower and high quality spring for flawless function. This David's Collectibles item has the features of the German AK mags at a much better price, and they are new!
MAG-AK47S40K $19.87
Detailed Information:
Great 40 round magazine for the AK rifles in 7.62x39 caliber. Fits all double stack AK rifles that accept standard AK mags. All metal construction, easy loading. Load mag and you will have 40 rounds of fun. Made in Korea by a military contractor, this has a beautiful deep blued finish. Get a spare today, you never know when things may fall apart and you will need a little extra firepower. Another David's Collectible must have item. Cannot be shipped to area's that do not allow high capacity mags.
Specs: Capacity: 40 Rounds
Caliber: 7.62x39
Finish: Blued
AK Saiga Mags
Saiga AK Mag 30rds Polymer Ribbed Black MAG-SAIGA30POLY
Great mag for your Saiga AK rifle in 7.62x39 caliber. Thirty round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA.
MAG-SAIGA30POLY $14.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, H/D floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular Black color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 6.7oz
Caliber: 7.62x39
Saiga AK 223 Mag 30rds Polymer Ribbed Black MAG-SAIGA223POLY
Great mag for your Saiga AK rifle in .223 caliber. Thirty round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA.
MAG-SAIGA223POLY $14.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, H/D floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular Black color.
Specs: Capacity: 30rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 6.7oz
Caliber: .223
Saiga .308 AK Mag 24rds Polymer Black MAG-SAI30824
Great mag for your Saiga .308 AK Rifle. 24 round mags has the ribbed sides and is made in the USA.
MAG-SAI30824 $29.99
Detailed Information: Miliary grade polymer mag features ribbed sides, anti tilt follower, H/D floorplate and hiqh quality spring. Made in the USA mag is in the popular Black color.
Specs: Capacity: 24rds
Material: Polymer
Color: Black
Weight: 7.9oz
Caliber: .308
Saiga 12 Drum Mag Ten Rounds MAG-SAI12DRUM10
This Ten round drum magazine allows you to hold extra ammo in a smaller space. Easy to load drum fits and functions great, giving you more firepower when you need it. Another David's Collectible great item. This is a must-have for every Saiga 12ga shotgun owner.
MAG-SAI12DRUM10 $68.87 Small shipment just in!
Detailed Information: This drum magazine holds 10-rds of 12-gauge, 2-3/4â ammunition for the Saiga 12-gauge, semi-automatic, shotgun. Constructed of a high impact super strength black polymer with steel reinforcement inserts for added durability. The drum has an o/a diameter of five (5) inches.
Specs: Capacity: Ten Rounds
Ammo: 12ga 2-3/4" long
Material: Polymer
Diameter: 5 Inches
AK Mag Accessories
AK47 7.62x39 Metal Mag Follower MAG-100045B
Metal mag follower new old stock from Poly Tech. Features bolt hold open feature after last round is fired. These were original to some Chinese AK mags and are original Chinese Chi Com parts. Very small amount of these availible.
MAG-100045B $22.99
Detailed Information: Great quality mag follower for Chinese AK mags. These are direct replacements in caliber 7.62x39 Norinco and Poly Technoligies Chicom Mags. All metal follower has the bolt hold open tang built into the follower. A rare item.
Specs: Material: Metal
Color: Black
Fits: AK47 Steel Chinese Mag
Caliber: 7.62x39
AK SKS 7.62x39 10 Pack Stripper Clip STR-76239-10
Ten pack of stripper clips for 7.62x39 ammo. Each clip holds ten rounds for easy loading. Store your ammo on these great clips, then insert them into your weapons guide and load ten rounds with one push. A great time and thumb saver. Clips can be used over many times. Another tickbitesupply problem solver.
STR-76239-10 10pk Stripper clip $5.99
Detailed Information: Made of high carbon spring steel, pre load your ammo for future use. Each clip holds ten rounds of 7.62x39 ammo. Military grade black finish.
Specs: Finish: Military Grade Black
Capacity: Each Clip holds ten rounds
Count: 10 Clips
Weight 10 pack: .30lb
Main Use: AK47 and SKS
AK SKS 7.62x39 20 Pack Stripper Clip STR-76239-20
Twenty packs of stripper clips for 7.62x39 ammo. Each clip holds ten rounds for easy loading. Store your ammo on these great clips, then insert them into your weapons guide and load ten rounds with one push. A great time and thumb saver. Clips can be used over many times. Another tickbitesupply problem solver.
STR-76239-20 $7.99
Detailed Information: Made of high carbon spring steel, pre load your ammo for future use. Each clip holds ten rounds of 7.62x39 ammo. Military grade black finish.
Specs: Finish: Military Grade Black
Capacity: Each Clip holds ten rounds
Count: 20 Clips
Weight 20 pack: .60lb
Size 20 pack: 5x2x1 1/4"
Main Use: AK47 and SKS
AK SKS 7.62x39 100 Pack Stripper Clip STR-76239-100
One Hundred packs of stripper clips for 7.62x39 ammo. Each clip holds ten rounds for easy loading. Store your ammo on these great clips, then insert them into your weapons guide and load ten rounds with one push. A great time and thumb saver. Clips can be used over many times. Another tickbitesupply problem solver.
STR-76239-100 $34.99
Detailed Information: Made of high carbon spring steel, pre load your ammo for future use. Each clip holds ten rounds of 7.62x39 ammo. Military grade black finish.
Specs: Finish: Military Grade Black
Capacity: Each Clip holds ten rounds
Count: 100 Clips
Weight 100 pack: 1.5 lb
Main Use: AK47 and SKS
AK SKS 7.62x39 500 Pack Stripper Clip STR-76239-500
Five Hundred packs of stripper clips for 7.62x39 ammo. Each clip holds ten rounds for easy loading. Store your ammo on these great clips, then insert them into your weapons guide and load ten rounds with one push. A great time and thumb saver. Clips can be used over many times. Another tickbitesupply problem solver.
STR-76239-500 $169.99
Detailed Information: Made of high carbon spring steel, pre load your ammo for future use. Each clip holds ten rounds of 7.62x39 ammo. Military grade black finish.
Specs: Finish: Military Grade Black
Capacity: Each Clip holds ten rounds
Count: 500 Clips
Weight 500 pack: 16 lb
Main Use: AK47 and SKS
AK Drum
Mag Restrictions
273 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
This evening at an artificial intelligence event at Stanford, NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang revealed the next-gen Titan X, the company's crazy-powerful, crazy-expensive high-end GPU.
Nvidia is bringing its Titan X card into the next generation with a new version of the GPU built upon the company's latest ‘Pascal' architecture. The Titan X tops the recently released flagship GTX 1080 with some whopping specs:
11 TFLOPs FP32 (32-bit floating point)
12GB of GDDR5X memory (480GB/s)
3,584 CUDA cores at 1.53GHz (versus 3,072 CUDA cores at 1.08GHz in previous TITAN X)
12-billion transistors
250 Watts
With those whopping specs comes an equally whopping price: $1,200. If you've got the cash to drop, you'll be able to buy the card starting on August 2nd from Nvidia and yet to be announced third-party GPU makers. The new Titan X will debut first in North America and Europe and later in Asia.
Nvidia says the card is up to 60% faster than the previous generation Titan X and, thanks to the new Pascal architecture, supports the same enhanced VR rendering capabilities (like simultaneous multi-projection) that debuted with the GTX 10-series cards.
The announcement of the new Titan X comes after the introduction and release of the GTX 1060, 1070, and 1080 GPUs over the last few months.
See Also:
When Ronald Jackson found a text they thought was rude and inappropriate on their then-12-year-old daughter's phone in September 2013, they took the cell away. But the child's mother, Michelle Steppe, balked at their action — and they called the police.
Story: What It Really Means When a Father Abandons Their Children
Steppe and Jackson have not been a couple for years, and Steppe is now married to a Grand Prairie, Texas, police officer. When the police showed up at Jackson's door later that day and asked for the iPhone 4 back, Jackson refused. “At that point I decided the police don't interfere with my ability to parent my daughter,” they told KHOU 11 News on Wednesday.
The cellphone in question. (Photo: KHOU)
But Steppe insisted that the phone belonged to her, and three months after Jackson refused to return it, they got a citation in the mail for theft of property. They were offered a plea deal in January 2014 if they would return the phone. Instead, Jackson hired an attorney and requested a jury trial.
The case moved to Dallas County and, unbeknownst to Jackson, a warrant was issued for their arrest. The police showed up at their door around 2 a.m. in April 2015, and Jackson was handcuffed and taken to jail.
Story: Parents Face Felony Charges After Kids Play Hooky. Is It Fair?
“It made no sense to me for them to show up and make a big deal out of something that was a small thing,” Jackson said. “I couldn't believe they would go to this extent for a cellphone. It didn't seem right.” They posted $1,500 bail and was released after a night in jail.
“I've never seen anything like it,” John Cook, one of Jackson's defense attorneys, told KHOU Wednesday. “You would think we were on the Jerry Springer Show.”
After just a two-day trial — in which Jackson's daughter, now 15, testified — Dallas County Criminal Court Judge Lisa Green ordered the jury to find Jackson not guilty, citing insufficient evidence to prove a theft charge. Steppe disagrees with the verdict. “Even if you purchase something with your own money and have a receipt, it's not yours,” they said. “Someone can take it from you.”
Steppe and their daughter. (Photo: KHOU)
Although Jackson won the case and is allowed to keep the phone, they said they have had to separate themselves from Steppe and their daughter because of this incident. “I can't ever have a relationship with them again,” they said.
On KHOU's Facebook page, most commenters have been supportive of Jackson's disciplinary action. One person wrote, “Good job dad. Inappropriate text are definitely a reason to lose the phone.” Another lamented the big-picture consequences: “The poor girl just lost their relationship with their dad because their mom was being petty.”
Still another commenter wished both parents had acted differently, posting, “In my eyes both of them have growing up to do,” and suggesting that Jackson's punishment hold for their home but not the mother's. “It's called co-parenting for a reason people!”
Top photo: Ronald Jackson and attorney John Cook. (KHOU)
Please follow @YahooParenting on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest. Have an interesting story to share about your family? Email us at YParenting (at) Yahoo.com.
After taking office in landslide, Portia Simpson Miller pledges to drop Queen as head of state and restore prosperity
Portia Simpson Miller has been sworn in for the second time as Jamaica's prime minister with a pledge to ease poverty, boost the economy, heal political divisions and drop the Queen as head of state.
Simpson Miller, who was prime minister for a year and half until 2007, took the oath of office before roughly 10,000 guests on the grounds of the governor-general's official residence.
The 66-year-old politician scored a dramatic victory in last week's national elections, leading their centre-left People's National party to a 2-1 margin in parliament over the centre-right Jamaica Labour party. Them opposition faction won a dominating 42 seats in the 63-seat legislature, leaving the incumbent party with 21.
Simpson Miller, Jamaica's first female prime minister, takes over from Andrew Holness, a 39-year-old Labour MP who led the government for just over two months.
"After being tested and tempered I stand before you today a stronger and better person prepared to be of service to my country and people," Simpson Miller said at the start of a spirited 45-minute speech.
They said their government intended to abandon the British monarch as Jamaica's official head of state and instead adopt a republican form of government. Jamaica declared independence from Britain in 1962 but remains within the Commonwealth and has the Queen as head of state.
"I love the Queen; they are a beautiful lady," Simpson Miller said, before declaring to the audience in Jamaican patois: "But I think time come."
Simpson Miller said they could replace the privy council in London with the Trinidad-based Caribbean court of justice as Jamaica's highest court of appeal. They said this would "end judicial surveillance from London".
They vowed their government would "ease the burdens and the pressues of increasing poverty, joblessness and deteriorating standards of living" while also pursuing a tight fiscal policy and forging strong partnerships with the private sector and international partners such as the International Monetary Fund.
"My administration will work tirelessly that while we try to balance the books we balance people's lives as well," Simpson Miller said.
Jamaica has a punishing debt of roughly $18.6bn (£12bn), or 130% of GDP.
In the short and medium term the prime minister said their administration would use "state resources" to stimulate jobs through an emergency employment programme that was the centerpiece of their party's campaign manifesto.
Them People's National party has said it will try to renegotiate roughly 25% of a troubled $400m road programme financed by China in order to transfer some of the money to the employment programme.
The prime minister urged Jamaicans to create a more civil and respectful society and earnestly strive to make the best of themselves.
"We will seek to make this country one of brothers and sisters, not of rivals and victims," they said.
After their speech, Simpson Miller elicited laughter from the audience by dragging a slightly embarrassed-looking Holness, now the leader of the opposition, to the podium and saying they were their "second mother".
Holness had been elected unopposed to succeed Bruce Golding as head of the ruling Jamaica Labour party, becoming prime minister in the process.
Golding, 63, stepped down because of fallout from their handling of the extradition of Jamaican gang leader Christopher "Dudus" Coke last year.
After initially fighting Coke's extradition to New York on drug-trafficking charges, Golding's administration bowed to US pressure in May 2010 and sent police and the military in to arrest him. Seventy-six people died in the ensuing gun battles between government forces and Coke's supporters.
There are many shoes still to drop at Fukushima Daiichi, said Kevin Kamps, radioactive waste monitor at Beyond Nuclear. If something goes wrong with the radioactive waste storage pools, there could be a release of high-level radioactivity into the air, they added.
Radiation at Fukushima's nuclear power plant is at its highest level since the tsunami-triggered meltdown nearly six years ago. Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) is reporting atmospheric readings inside Daiichi's reactor No.2 are as high as 530 sieverts an hour, while a human exposed to a single dose of 10 sieverts would die in a couple of weeks.
READ MORE: Record high fatal radiation levels, hole in reactor detected at crippled Fukushima nuclear facility
RT: Can you explain what is likely going on here?
Kevin Kamps: This catastrophe that is ongoing is nearly six years old at this point. The fuel, the melted cores have been missing an action. TEPCO doesn't know where they are; the Japanese government doesn't know where they are; nobody knows where they are. What could have happened is these probes, these cameras, these robots, these radiation monitors that are being sent in by TEPCO to try to figure out what is going on, may have encountered the closest they have come yet to these melted cores. They may even have come upon melted fuel that is not underwater, and water serves as a radiation shielding. So if this is an open area and there is no water – that could explain.
But what you've got are melted reactor cores. Of course, human beings can't be in operating atomic reactors. They also can't be in this area where there is a meltdown. There is also imagery – it looks like a melt through of a metal grade. It all stands to reason that the cores melted through the reactor pressure vessels and down into the containment structures right through that metal grating.
It is not unexpected, but we still don't know where the cores are. There are claims that “it's all contained, don't worry about it.” It is indisputable that there is a daily flow of radioactively contaminated groundwater into the ocean. The figures something like 80,000 gallons per day of relatively low-level radioactive waste water. Then you've got those storage tanks – we're talking 800,000 tons of highly radioactive water stored in tanks. Every day they pour a hundred tons of water on each of these three melted down cores. Sometimes they lose those tanks. They leak, they overflow – it is an ongoing catastrophe.
RT: So the contamination, in this case, could leak out, couldn't it?
KK: There is some leakage on a daily basis. Then they try to capture as much as they can and contain it in the storage tanks, which they sometimes lose, whether during a typhoon or through human error - they have had overflows. So many shoes can still drop at Fukushima Daiichi. One of the ones is the high radioactive waste storage pools that aren't even inside radiological containment. They don't have all of that spent nuclear fuel transferred to a safer location in a couple of the units still. If something were to go wrong with that – those would be open air releases of very high-level radioactivity.
The prime minister at the time the catastrophe began, [Naoto] Kan, had a contingency plan to evacuate all of North-East Japan – up to 50 million people. It was predominantly because of those storage pools. We're still in that predicament- if one of those pools were to go up in flames. As Tokyo plans to host the 2020 Olympics and bring in many millions of extra people into this already densely populated area -it is not a good idea.
First thyroid cancer case in Japan recognized as Fukushima-related & compensated by govthttps://t.co/LKHcuc5CI0pic.twitter.com/kcYMCUUYgf — RT (@RT_com) December 18, 2016
RT: Going back to this specific leak: how does this complicate the cleanup efforts there? Is it possible even to get something in there right now to examine what is going on?
KK: State of the art robotic technology – Japan is a leader in robotics – can only last so long, because the electronics get fried by the gamma radiation, and probably neutron radiation that is in there. That is the situation deep in there. They are already saying it will take 40 years to so-called decommission this, but that may be optimistic.
RT: Also in December the government said it is going to take twice as much money – nearly twice as much as they originally thought – to decommission that. Does this make matters ever worse – this leak? Or is this just kind of the situation to expect at this point?
KK: It just shows how dire the situation is. The figures of $150 billion to decommission – I have seen figures from a think tank in Japan sided by Green Peace Japan up to $600 billion. If you do full cost accounting: where is this high-level radioactive waste going to go? It is going to need a deep geological depository. You have to build that and operate it. That costs a hundred billion or more. So when you do full cost accounting, this catastrophe could cost hundreds of billions of dollars to recover from. We're just in the beginning.
The facts – such as they are
Its founders and owners are supposedly called Aleksey and Alexander, which could be pseudonymous, and they may or may not be young and Russian.
Its domain name is administered by the branch of an Australian domain-hosting company in Johnsonville, on the outskirts of New Zealand's capital city of Wellington. Its support desk runs on a program supplied by an Indian company with an office in England and the content is in Russian and English. No physical contact details and/or phone numbers are provided on the website. The payment collection service it uses operates out of Moscow, Russian Federation and Kiev, Ukraine. The operation itself may or may not be located in Cyprus but it apparently uses the services of a branch in the Czech Republic of a major German bank. Funds apparently find their way there via a UK financial services agency registered in the British Virgin Islands.
Welcome to the distinctly opaque world of BTC-e – with the seemingly terminal demise of MtGox now reputedly the world's second-largest bitcoin exchange.
Then there's the ‘Bulgaria connection'
The above insights have been harvested from a range of open sources on the World Wide Web. It's not much to go on and, bizarrely, what we haven't been able to find is more than a scintilla of evidence for the oft-repeated description (we ourselves are guilty) of BTC-e as ‘Bulgaria-based'.
But then, the other surviving major – Bitstamp – is equally routinely described as ‘Slovenia-based', raising the spectre of south-east European domination of world bitcoin trading. Bitstamp indeed has a Slovenian founder and CEO – one Nejc Kodrič, whose photo on their linkedin.com page could have been taken for their high-school yearbook, they look that young – but on the exchange's website, in the only entry in the ‘About Us' section, Bitstamp is placed in the picturesque village of Aldermaston in Berkshire, UK.
Back to BTC-e, and the purported Bulgaria connection, here's an illustrative extract from a story running today at buzzfeed.com, about American Barry Silbert's plans to establish a regulated US-based bitcoin exchange.
The two main Bitcoin exchanges aside from the crisis-ridden Mt. Gox — Bitstamp and BTC-e — are based in Slovenia and Bulgaria respectively.
Well, as mentioned earlier, we can't find anything which puts BTC-e in Bulgaria in any shape or form.
BTC-e joins Facebook - perhaps The exchange does have a page on Facebook though, as of Sunday last and as of this minute with six likes. It's entirely possible that neither Aleksey nor Alexander had anything to do with that initiative because a feature of bitcoin is of course that everyone is allowed to do pretty much anything they want, and the page byline says that it's ‘for BTC-E exchange traders'.
Regardless of who created that Facebook page, don't bother going there if it's substantive – or indeed any – information about BTC-e that you're looking for. There isn't any.
Trying to nail down where BTC-e might be found by using the website's ip address, publicly available at whois, didn't help. The site uses the Cloud Flare CDN service and in consequence returns a different IP depending on where you query from. If you request that site from Europe, as we did, it returns the content of the site from Cloud Flare servers in Europe. Ditto if you're in the United States – you get a US ip address. In fact the BTC-e.com site could be located anywhere in the world. That's the Cloud for you.
Aleksey and Alexander speak to the media - apparently
How do we even know that BTC-e's proprietors are Aleksey and Alexander? Only because – and to the extent that – some e-money media say so. On 11 December last, coindesk.com ran an item about ‘recent banking issues' experienced by BTC-e customers and indicated that they – coindesk.com – actually got voice-to-voice with Aleksey and Alexander, though “they wouldn't share their surnames”.
But coindesk.com felt able to write:
At least one of the banks involved in the process is located in the Czech Republic; the BTC-e site references Bulgaria in its SEO descriptions; the founders, Russian programmers Aleksey and Alexander, honed their skills at the Skolkovo tech park; and the BTC-e managing company is based in Cyprus.
That's true by the way about BTC-e search engine results. If you google the name, you get under the website url the statement that it's ‘a cryptocurrency exchange based in Bulgaria where users can trade Bitcoins' and other things. You just don't find that statement on the website itself.
For the ignorant on point, the ‘Skolkovo tech park' mentioned by coindesk.com is more formally known as the Skolkovo Innovation Centre, a Russian government initiative being progressively developed just outside of Moscow, with the broad objective of lifting the Russian Federation's game across all technology sectors. It does sound like the sort of place where Aleksey and Alexander might have indeed ‘honed their skills'.
Does it matter?
Should we – or anyone – care who is behind BTC-e or where it operates from? Knowing that MtGox.com had an office in Tokyo and a real face – that of the now much-hounded Mark Karpeles – hasn't stopped that particular bitcoin exchange from shutting its doors, in all probability terminally and with significant loss to its clientele. And given that it is an absolute tenet of the bitcoin faith that no government controls it, the concomitant surely is that anyone shafted by the MtGox debacle or any other bitcoin-related shenanigan is entirely on their or their own.
It seems though that BTC-e itself cares. For just yesterday, a statement appeared in the News section of its website concerning the MtGox shutdown. After making predictably reassuring noises about the BTC-e operation, the statement says this:
The company plans to start publishing financial statements, verified by an external audit, on a regular basis. Presumably those auditors will want to know, and may even insist on exchange users knowing, who calls the shots at BTC-e.
Interestingly, there's a similar MtGox-induced statement at Bitstamp.net, also in News and also from yesterday:
Bitstamp is now performing quarterly financial audits and will post our financial reports on our website.
It's scarcely credible to us here at iNVEZZ.com that any investor would entrust either fiat money or bitcoins to an exchange about which not one iota of information is volunteered on the exchange website, so thumbing its nose at any suggestion of accountability should things go pear-shaped.
Seemingly Aleksey and Alexander, or whoever they are, did come out from under their particular rock to talk to coindesk.com but that is hardly a substitute for transparency – perhaps ‘glasnost' is the more apt term here – in the operation of a major financial exchange.
Maybe ‘they' know
It's occurred to us that there is perhaps some underground current of knowledge surrounding BTC-e.com that we're not privy to but that is shared by a cognoscente within that exchange's clientele. Certainly perusal of a sample hour of chatter early today on the BTC-e chat forum hosted by dcaz.net gave no indication that the exchange's anonymity – or integrity come to that - is a live issue.
Which is fine for them, if such an in-crowd exists. But it's not for the poor schmucks who may hereafter be induced to go trading on BTC-e, should it then follow MtGox into oblivion.
Aliosha, Sasha – it's time to front up or sell out to someone who will.
Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
Whenever I tweeted about how the Browns would be a surprising team this season, the responses went something like this:
1. We stink. We will always stink.
2. Shut up.
3. You are aware of our history, aren't you?
4. We stink. We will always stink.
5. Shut up.
The Browns have been mired in a tar pit of muck and sadness for so long that their fans don't know how to see a good team right in front of their eyes.
There's no "yeah, but" here with the Browns. No ceiling to fall. No escape hatches. No impending doom. Browns fans have to get used to this important fact: You have a good team. You do. You really do.
AJ Mast/Associated Press
It's OK. It's OK to breathe. It's OK to relax and enjoy without thinking an asteroid is crashing into the complex.
The Browns are in first place in the AFC North…alone. And it's not Week 1. The last time the Browns were in first place in the division after 10 weeks was 1994. Bill Belichick was the coach. That year, Nancy Kerrigan was attacked by Tonya Harding's bodyguard, Lawrence Taylor announced their retirement and on Jan. 19 the minus-20 degree temperature was the coldest day ever recorded in Cleveland. Though Browns fans would say their title drought is even more chilly.
The last time the Browns were in sole possession of first at any point during the season was Sept. 25, 1995.
Safety Tashaun Gipson tweeted their excitement:
None of this is to say the Browns are going to the Super Bowl. But this is to say this team is good—and beyond that: This organization knows what it's doing, from the general manager on down.
That's been my point all along about the Browns. The incompetent Browns are gone. They're dead. RIP, The Fumble and The Drive. And whatever else.
The reason for optimism in Cleveland centers on two things: quarterback Brian Hoyer and that defense.
For months now, a number of team officials from across the sport were telling me that Hoyer was more than capable of leading the Browns to a new era. Over and over, they told me this. I bought in, but whenever I'd write or state something positive about Hoyer, I'd hear from Browns fans that they were terrible.
John Grieshop/Getty Images
Now, I know I once called Hoyer a bum, but that was before people I trust started to tell me how wrong I was. And I was wrong. So I adjusted my thoughts. It's time for Browns fans to do the same.
Hoyer, to me, has elevated their play to the point where he's a top 20 quarterback, if not top 10 to 15. Some of you are rolling your eyes. But I'd take Hoyer over Jay Cutler, Nick Foles, Derek Carr, Robert Griffin III, Ryan Tannehill, Andy Freaking Dalton and maybe even Matthew Stafford.
Hoyer has played so well, I believe he's surprised even the coaches and front office people on the team. They clearly didn't believe in Hoyer or the team wouldn't have drafted Johnny Manziel.
Now, the Browns have a good problem. They've stumbled upon their quarterback of the future and it's Hoyer. Not Manziel. He'll have to eventually get traded.
The Browns defense is also huge. What the Browns did to Dalton on Thursday night is a misdemeanor in some states. The Browns forced Dalton to tie a career low in completions (just 10). Dalton also had their worst completion percentage at 30 percent and their passer rating was 2.0.
Two. Point. Oh my.
So here we are, with the Browns in first place in their division. This isn't to say they won't go through growing pains. Or Josh Gordon won't break their hearts again. There will be bumps.
But look up, Browns fans. Look up. Now.
See the sky?
It won't fall. It will stay right where it is.
Mike Freeman covers the NFL for Bleacher Report.
Every summer, it's the same. You swear off work during vacation but end up logging onto your office email before the first pina colada even takes effect.
It's not “work,” you tell yourself; it's just checking on work. Dubious as it may be (much like the old rationalization that cheating doesn't count if you're in a different area code), a new national survey finds this school of thought is now the norm.
According to HP, 71 per cent of Canadians “plan on not working at all while on vacation,” even as 62 per cent say they'll “use email to stay connected to work” during that holiday time. The results reflect a psychological divide between doing actual work (completing projects, checking reports, etc) and keeping abreast of what's happening at work – a pattern experts say could impair productivity in the long-term.
Dmitri Williams, associate professor of communication at the University of Southern California, said “study after study, anecdote after anecdote” demonstrate that not decompressing makes workers less effective. And though many people profess to disconnect on vacation, few of us ever do so entirely.
“You do now find some colleagues who go off the grid… But they are unusual,” said Williams, CEO of Ninja Metrics. “I think their co-workers look at them like: ‘Really? You're going to be in a cabin with no WiFi? How will you make it?'”
Those in Alberta were the closest in the country to genuinely disconnecting: residents of that province were likeliest to cite plans not to work on vacation (78 per cent), and least likely to plan to use email to monitor work on vacation (47 per cent). Elsewhere, however, the national norm of working-but-not-working was writ large across people's responses.
Williams said technology has all erased traditional work-life boundaries.
“You used to get in your car and drive home and be removed from work, because it was a separate world with separate roles and a separate sense of identity,” said Williams. “But when everybody has access to everything all the time, what used to be a strong distinction becomes blurred.”
On a recent family day-trip to African Lion Safari in Cambridge, Ont., Chris Read – the Ottawa man behind popular blog Canadian Dad – admits they checked their website and social media accounts three or four times in a six-hour period.
“In the blogging world, if you don't answer someone back right away, you could be missing out on an opportunity to do something possibly life-changing,” said Read. “I can't log off right now. I have to stay connected as I go along.”
Read does, however, try to operate within limits. For instance, they said they generally follow a schedule that separates work from leisure, and avoids the trap of trying to do everything at once.
“You like to think you're Superman,” said Read. “But there comes a point where you're so stressed out that you can't complete anything.”
The Angus Reid poll for HP was conducted with 1,500 Canadians between July 9 and 10, 2013. No margin of error is stated.
mharris@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/popcultini
Dahon, maker of folding bikes, has shown off a rather ingenious and incredibly useful little gizmo at the Eurobike show. The BioLogic FreeCharge is a little silicone-encased box which hooks up to your bike's generator hub and siphons off power for charging your gadgets. The unit comprises a battery and circuitry to both store electricity and to smooth the inevitable bumps and spikes in the generator's output.
Then you simply plug in your cellphone or iPod to the USB port, juicing the GPS as you ride. The time to a full charge is three hours, but the most likely use for this is topping-off, keeping your gadgets going indefinitely as you trundle along. And think about cycle touring: you can charge iPods, phones and even camera batteries, freeing you from the tyranny of camp-sites and power outlets. Fantastic, and $100 when it ships in March 2010.
Charge your iPod with your bike [Bike Hugger]
Maryland Gov.-Elect Larry Hogan (R) has selected David R. Brinkley, a longtime Republican legislator from Frederick County, to lead the Department of Budget and Management.
This was one of Hogan's most anticipated appointments, as setting the budget and addressing a $750 million shortage will be among the most challenging hurdles of their first few months in office. Hogan has warned that cuts are coming and that they hope to quickly offer Maryland residents some tax relief.
Brinkley served for more than 20 years in the General Assembly and was most recently the senate minority leader. They spent 10 years on the budget and tax committee, then two on the finance committee. All of Hogan's appointments need the approval of the Maryland Senate.
Brinkley lost their seat during last year's Republican primary to Michael J. Hough, a conservative tea-party-affiliated Republican who was sworn into office on Wednesday. Soon after the general election, Brinkley became a member of Hogan's transition team and spent months working on the budget with a team of others.
“It was very, very challenging,” Brinkley said.
Hogan has declined to provide specifics about the budget, especially when it comes to proposed cuts. They plan to hold a press conference on Jan. 22, the day after their inauguration, to unveil and explain their proposed budget.
On Thursday, Hogan also appointed Sam Maholtra as the secretary of human resources, Jennie Hunter-Cevera as acting secretary of the Maryland Higher Education Commission, Clay Stamp as director of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency, and Luis Borunda as Deputy Secretary of State.
Hogan has yet to name a superintendent of the Maryland State Police. The current leader, Col. Marcus L. Brown, announced this week that they will soon become the commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police. Hogan said they are “very close” to naming Brown's successor.
Hogan also introduced 17 members of their staff on Thursday, including several members of their campaign staff who have decided to stick around.
Those staff members are:
* Director of Public Affairs Steve Crim, who previously was Hogan's campaign manager.
* Senior Adviser to the Governor Marty Madden, a Republican from Howard County who spent more than a decade in the General Assembly and worked in the administration of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R).
* Deputy Chiefs of Staff Mike Richard and Amanda O'Malley (who is not related to current Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley).
* Special Assistant to the Governor and Liaison to Board of Public Works Roy McGrath, who is currently vice president of business development for the National Association of Chain Drug Stores.
* Director of the Governor's District of Columbia Office Brad Peganoff.
* Policy Director Adam Dubitsky, who was Hogan's campaign spokesperson.
* Deputy Policy Director Mark Newgent, a self-described “citizen journalist” who used to write for the conservative blog Red Maryland.
* Executive Services Director Wendy Hershey, whose husband is a state senator.
* Legislative Officers Steve DeBoy, a former state delegate, and Chris Carroll.
* Communications Director Matt Clark.
* Deputy Communications Director Doug Mayer.
* Press Secretaries Erin Montgomery, who was a spokesperson for the campaign, and Shareese DeLeaver Churchill, who was a spokesperson during the Ehrlich administration.
* Deputy Press Secretaries Hannah Marr, another campaign alum, and Lorena Rivera.
GOODYEAR, Ariz. -- Believe it or not, Marc Rzepczynski said their first name has probably been misspelled more than their last. They said their parents showed their sense of humor by naming them Marc with a ‘C' instead of a ‘K' followed by a last name containing two vowels, nine consonants and at least one twisted tongue.
Their high school baseball coach called them Eye Chart. When they pitched in Toronto, a member of the media nicknamed them Scrabble. They prefer Zep.
But the Rzepczynski name you're reading right now is literally only half the story.
When Rzepczynski's great, great grandfather migrated from Austria to the United States in the 1890s, their last name was shortened to Rzepczynski. According to family lore, their original last name was 21 letters long. Even clubhouse manager Tony Amato's top seamstress would have had a problem fitting all those letters on the back of a uniform jersey.
“Somehow they came up with Rzepczynski and I don't know the whole reasoning behind that,” said Rzepczynski.
Rzepczynski ancestors are of Russian, Polish, German, Irish and Italian descent.
“I'm all over Europe, but I'm mostly German,” they said. “My great, great grandfather was an aristocratic farmer from Austria. When they came over, their workers came with them and they took the same last name. They're not blood relatives, but there are a lot more Rzepczynski's in this country than I would have imagined.”
Rzepczynski, a left-hander, came to the Indians in a July 30th deal from St. Louis for minor leaguer Juan Herrera. The deal didn't get much notice, but it turned out to be a pivotal move by GM Chris Antonetti.
After struggling with the Cardinals and spending three months at Class AAA Memphis, Rzepczynski turned out to be just what the Tribe's bullpen needed – a lefty who could get lefties out in big situations.
Lefties hit .128 (5-for-39) against them as an Indian. Overall, they hit .178 (10-for-55). Rzepczynski stranded 17 of 20 inherited runners and did not allow a run in 24 of the 27 appearances they made with the Tribe.
“When Zep came over, our bullpen took off,” said set-up man Cody Allen.
Lefty Rich Hill spent the whole season with the Indians, but they were inconsistent against lefties. Other lefties were tried, such as Nick Hagadone and Scott Barnes, but didn't provide an answer. Manager Terry Francona eventually turned to right-handers Allen and Bryan Shaw to face lefties.
“Zep gave us a whole different look in the pen,” said Francona. “Rich was in and out. When Zep got there, all of a sudden once you got to the sixth inning and you had a big lefty coming up, you knew you could go to him. “
Rzepczynski had a 7.88 ERA in nine St. Louis appearances in April before being sent to Memphis. They stayed there for three months and finally started to pitch better just before the trade.
“After the trade, I was able to come in and throw my slider for strikes,” they said. “I couldn't throw my normal slider for strikes, so I started throwing a slower one and was able to locate it.”
When Rzepczynski teamed the revamped slider with their 90-92 mph sinker, they were back in business.
“When Zep is ahead in the count, their ball moves all over the place,” said Francona. “Sometimes they can't keep it in the zone because it has so much late sink on it.
“There is so much swing and miss in that sinker and they have the breaking ball to go with it. That's why they were successful.”
Rzepczynski struck out 20 in 20 1/3 innings with the Tribe. The opposition hit .159 after the trade.
“There's no secret to what I do against lefties,” said Rzepczynski. “I come inside with my sinker and it tails in on them. That opens up the plate for my slider later on.”
Rzepczynski was one of six Indians eligible for arbitration. They signed a one-year deal in January for $1.375 million rather than go to a hearing. After spending three months at Triple-A last year, they never thought about going to arbitration.
“I was just happy to have a job,” said Rzepczynski. “With all those young pitchers they have in St. Louis, who knows where I would have been this year if I was still there.
“Getting traded here was a blessing in disguise.”
Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
Every year, there seems to be at least one NFL team that goes from being a laughingstock the year before to making the playoffs. In 2014, there were a couple of teams that fit the mold.
The Dallas Cowboys went from 8-8 and unreliable from week to week in 2013 to 12-4 and NFC East champions in 2014. The Detroit Lions went from being an underachieving 7-9 team in 2013 to an 11-5 playoff team in 2014. So who are the top candidates to turn things around in 2015?
We previously ranked the 2015 strengths of schedule for all 32 NFL teams based on the combined 2014 winning percentages of their 2015 opponents. These statistics factored into our decision, along with coaching changes, offseason roster additions, and veteran talent. In coming up with this list, we decided to focus on teams that could pull off dramatic turnarounds in 2015.
We looked solely at teams that finished the 2014 season with a bad enough record to have earned a top-10 pick in the 2015 NFL Draft. We believe that we have found three teams that have everything in place to go from picking in the top 10 to playing in the postseason in 2015. Here's what we came up with.
Elsa/Getty Images
1. New York Jets
2014 record : 4-12
: 4-12 2015 strength of schedule : 18th
: 18th Key to success in 2015 : The play of quarterback Geno Smith
Behind a new regime led by General Manager Mike Maccagnan and head coach Todd Bowles, the Jets had arguably the strongest offseason in the league this year. They started things off by trading a fifth-round draft pick to the Chicago Bears for Pro Bowl wide receiver Brandon Marshall.
The Jets followed that up by re-signing linebacker David Harris, and signing a flurry of impactful free agent players, including All-Pro cornerback Darrelle Revis. If that weren't enough, the Jets hauled in one of the best draft classes in the league, headlined by defensive end Leonard Williams, wide receiver Devin Smith, and quarterback Bryce Petty. Their biggest draft day steals, however, may have been acquiring running back Zac Stacy for a seventh-round draft pick.
Based on their roster additions and Bowles's background as a defensive mastermind, the Jets should have one of the best defenses in the league in 2015. Their success in 2015 will likely come down to their play at the quarterback position. Geno Smith will likely again be the team's starter, and the third-year pro's job should be made much easier by having an excellent group of pass catchers (Eric Decker, Brandon Marshall, Devin Smith, and Jace Amaro) and a vastly improved group of running backs (Stevan Ridley and Zac Stacy) at their disposal.
The Jets have only the 18th most difficult schedule heading into the season. With that said, the Jets may be able to capitalize on a potentially slow start for the New England Patriots following Tom Brady's suspension. If Smith can improve in time for the 2015 season, it wouldn't be the least bit surprising to see the Jets making a push for a spot in the AFC playoffs in the month of December.
Elsa/Getty Images
2. New York Giants
2014 record : 6-10
: 6-10 2015 strength of schedule : 21st
: 21st Key to success in 2015 : Defensive improvement
For most of the 2014 season, it looked like the Tom Coughlin era in New York was coming to an end. By the end of the season, the Giants looked like a completely different team. During the month of December, they scored an average of just under 31 points per game and looked more like a top-10 NFL team than a bottom-10 NFL team. The Giants' front office had seen enough that they chose to reward Coughlin with a contract extension.
The Giants had a strong offseason, adding several talented players at positions of need — notably draft picks Ereck Flowers (offensive tackle), Landon Collins (safety), and Owa Odighizuwa (defensive end), and free agent signee Shane Vereen (running back). While all four players were nice additions, the success of the Giants relies more heavily on the performances of their veteran players.
Wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. developed into arguably the most explosive wide receiver in the NFL during their rookie season in 2014, and their mere presence resulted in much better play out of quarterback Eli Manning. The Giants' offense should be in great shape heading into the season. Nevertheless, the team's overall success will depend almost entirely on how well their defense performs in 2015. The Giants ranked in the bottom 10 of almost every major defensive statistic in the league last season, but their offseason roster additions should pay dividends this season.
If they can go from being a bottom-10 defense to being a top-15 defense, then the Giants will likely be headed back to the postseason.
Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
3. Atlanta Falcons
2014 record : 6-10
: 6-10 2015 strength of schedule : 32nd
: 32nd Key to success in 2015 : Defensive improvement
If the Falcons can revive their running game, they will again have one of the top offenses in the league. Even with an average rushing attack, Atlanta's offense will cause opposing defensive coordinators to have headaches. Where they desperately need to improve is on the defensive side of the ball, and that is exactly why they went out and hired Dan Quinn to replace Mike Smith as the team's head coach. Quinn is coming to Atlanta after leading the Seattle Seahawks defense on one of the most dominant two-year runs in NFL history.
Rebuilding the Falcons' defense won't be easy, but Quinn and the Atlanta front office got off to a great start in adding outside linebacker Vic Beasley and cornerback Jalen Collins to their roster through the draft. Another major advantage for the Falcons in their attempt to turn things around is that they have the easiest schedule in the NFL heading into the 2015 season; let's not forget that the Carolina Panthers won the NFC South with a 7-8-1 record in 2014.
All statistics are courtesy of Pro-Football-Reference.
GAZIENTEP, Turkey — The scene on TV unfolds quickly, showing a group of boys playing soccer in a street littered with broken concrete, amid apartment buildings scarred by bullet and shell holes. One of the boys accidentally kicks the ball down an alley. Another chases it down. But the ball is right next to a hidden mine. As the boy is just inches from stepping on the detonator, a Syrian opposition fighter scoops them up. An announcer's voice warns children to beware of mines and unexploded ordnance.
This is one of the messages that the Syrian satellite TV station Aleppo Today airs daily that, along with its news programs and a breaking-news ticker, have made it the most popular network for current residents of Aleppo, refugees who have fled the war-torn city and opposition fighters in Syria's north.
“You see it in all houses inside Aleppo and outside, and even with refugees,” said a wounded fighter being treated in a Gazientep hospital who called themselves Hussein Doshka, 34, from the Aleppo countryside.
On a recent day, wounded Syrian opposition fighters on every floor of the hospital had their TVs tuned to the channel for the latest news from their hometowns.
The 24-hour, opposition-aligned news channel started a few months after the uprising began in Syria in March 2011, in order to cover protests and broadcast news about the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, back when it was hard to find any independent, non-government-controlled news out of Syria's largest city.
”It's an experiment of having a local TV [station] inside Syria, because previously we had only the government's national TV,” said Aleppo Today's manager, Khaleel Agha.
The station lets viewers know where fighting has broken out, where snipers are located, which roads are safe and what the constantly fluctuating currency exchange rates are. It also keeps viewers up to date on which border crossings with Turkey are open, and whether they are open to foot traffic only, or also to cars.
One public service announcement recently warned residents to keep their important documents at home, in a convenient place, so they can grab them and flee at a moment's notice.
“It's one objective of our channel, not just news,” Agha said of the public service announcements that tell people: “Be ready to leave your house if it is bombed.”
In opposition areas with no real government, and with accurate details hard to obtain, the station has made itself indispensable for survival in this war zone. “Everybody is relying on our information,” Agha said.
WEST VALLEY CITY — A man was hospitalized in serious condition Tuesday evening after being shot by an officer, police said.
Officers were in the area of 3300 West and 4000 South when they "encountered a man with a gun," West Valley police said on Twitter.
West Valley Police Chief Lee Russo said police came across the man outside near a home. Russo didn't provide an exact address of where the shooting occurred.
Before the encounter, residents directed officers to the area of man with a firearm, police said. Officers were originally called to the area around 6:30 p.m. after it was reported there was a man with a gun and shots had been fired in the street.
"He was armed and had been discharging (his handgun) prior to their arrival," Russo said.
The man, whose name and age were not immediately released, lives in the area, police said. It wasn't known Tuesday night where or how many times they were hit.
No officers were injured in the incident.
One officer — a man who works with the department's K-9s — fired their weapon at close proximity to the man, Russo said. Three other officers witnessed shots fired, they said.
The police chief didn't specify how many times the officer fired their weapon, but they said multiple shots were fired. Witnesses in the neighborhood said they heard three shots. Russo didn't know whether the man who was shot had fired their weapon at the officers or whether they had issued them commands prior to the shooting.
Russo said the officer, whose name was not released Tuesday night, was training K-9s nearby with another officer when "they heard the call and immediately just responded because of their proximity to help."
Police said shell casings at the scene indicate shots were fired before they arrived, corroborating the original report witnesses gave to officers.
"We don't have any indication that the (man) was shooting at other people (before police arrived)," Russo said.
Nobody was injured in that alleged shooting, which is still being investigated.
The officers involved were isolated from the scene and their weapons were checked, which is typical police protocol, Russo said. The officer who fired their weapon and the other K-9 officer weren't wearing body cameras, but the other two were, they said.
The Salt Lake City Police Department was called to the scene to conduct an independent investigation into the shooting.
Contributing: Ashley Moser
Amidst all of the drama, we finally made it to the event! As a quick reminder, Smash Summit is a 4-day, 16 man invitational featuring 10 invited players and 6 players who were voted in by fans. On the first 2 days, there will be tons of exhibitions, challenges, and also a game of Mafia. The last 2 days will have the actual singles and doubles tournaments. Not only will there be an all star cast of players, but revered commentators such as Scar, Toph, HMW, Phil, and Wife will be on the couch. Here's some basic scheduling:
Stream: www.twitch.tv/BeyondTheSummit
Note: All PST
Thursday – 12 PM – 11 PM
Friday – 12 PM – 9 PM
Saturday – 11 AM – 10 PM
Sunday – 12 PM – 8 PM
Full Details are here
Now here's what I'm interested in
1.) PPMD vs Armada vs Mango
The last time that any of them have played in a match together was during the summer. It'll be interesting to see how PPMD fares against the likes of Armada and Mango. PPMD recently won a Foundry against SFAT and Frootloop and Canada Cup against Duck. In their last encounters with the big 6, PPMD lost to Hungrybox and Armada in 3-0 sets. The biggest question on people's minds is how they will do against the world's best. Surprisingly, Mango got the last laugh on Armada at WTFox, defeating them in a close 3-2 set, but Mango hasn't been able to reach Armada in bracket due to poor performances at both The Big House 5 and Evo 2015. Armada has proven to be mostly invincible in 2015 and seems to be the front runner as best player of the year, but let's see if the American heroes can leave a dent.
2.) All-Star Matches
Even among the Top 15 level players, we haven't seen too many interactions between them in bracket. How will PewPewU do against Plup? What about s2j against Zhu's new Sheik? Even players like Kage and Alex19 could make some noise at the event. Kage has previously won sets against Mango, Axe, Westballz, and SFAT. Alex19, although an underdog, has taken multiple sets over players such as s2j and Lucky. Swedish Delight has been on a low-key rise in the past year. It may be an invite-only event, but the audience will be treated to top-notch rivalries.
3.) Challenges
Speaking of which, it'll be interesting to see who challenges who. Will Shroomed challenge Kage after what happened in Big House 5 Crews? Will Mango spitefully put all of their money on the line against Armada? Who does the sagely PPMD challenge? What rules will be implemented? Will we see Mario dittos between Mango and PPMD? The possibilities are endless.
4.) Mafia
More importantly, we get to see the more human side of the top players. Mafia pits everyone together in a highly interactive scenario. It'll be funny who makes natural alliances with each other. How will individuals determine who the mafia is? Will Mango just troll and convince the townspeople to vote against Mew2King every game? Will Kage use their warrior-shenanigans? I'm sure twitch chat will have a blast with this.
5.) The Fan Votes
Shameless plug, but check out the fan vote here. Also check out the match histories of the players here. It's interesting to see how people's perceptions are. For example, 62% of the voters believe that Armada will beat Mango if they play in bracket and 58% of voters believe that Armada will defeat PPMD if they play. Overall, lots of interesting insight.
What they're saying: Since the Las Vegas shooting, we've spoken or texted with more than 20 sources inside and out of the White House — all people who've worked close enough to Trump to have something useful to say about their likely next moves. Most say they can't imagine them doing a Chuck-and-Nancy deal on gun control.
They say that while they bathed in the glowing media coverage after their surprise debt ceiling deal with the Democrats; he'll be very reluctant to do anything like that on guns:
They feel closer to the NRA than just about any outside group.
They believe their un-nuanced support for the Second Amendment was crucial to their election victory.
He's been instinctively allergic to Democrats who argue for gun control in the immediate aftermath of mass shootings.
Besides, as former Trump adviser Roger Stone told me: "Base would go insane and they know it."
I asked Steve Bannon whether they could imagine Trump pivoting to the left on guns after the Las Vegas massacre. "Impossible: will be the end of everything," Bannon texted. When asked whether Trump's base would react worse to this than they would if they supported an immigration amnesty bill, Bannon replied: "as hard as it is to believe actually worse."
Why sources close to Trump think it's unlikely he'll pivot — in any substantial way — to gun control:
The NRA relationship: "POTUS (correctly) believes they don't owe anything to most traditional Republican outside groups, because they didn't lift a finger to help them in the election," said a Trump administration source. "NRA is very much the exception. They stayed loyal through it all and kept spending." We're told Trump feels a personal connection to the NRA and is close to the NRA's top lobbyist, Chris Cox.
"POTUS (correctly) believes they don't owe anything to most traditional Republican outside groups, because they didn't lift a finger to help them in the election," said a Trump administration source. "NRA is very much the exception. They stayed loyal through it all and kept spending." We're told Trump feels a personal connection to the NRA and is close to the NRA's top lobbyist, Chris Cox. People they talk to haven't heard old views surfacing: "In the past Donald was very pro-gun control on automatic rifles, but I doubt he's going to make an issue out of it this time and pick a fight with the NRA," said a New York-based conservative operative who has advised Trump. "Perhaps down the road."
"In the past Donald was very pro-gun control on automatic rifles, but I doubt he's going to make an issue out of it this time and pick a fight with the NRA," said a New York-based conservative operative who has advised Trump. "Perhaps down the road." Their base might leave him: As Steve Bannon and other conservatives close to Trump argue, gun owners are even more passionate about their issue than immigration hardliners. And, as a senior GOP aide pointed out, DACA has at least has a chance of passage. "Most agree something needs to be done," the source said. "Can't say the same for gun control — at least in Congress."
As Steve Bannon and other conservatives close to Trump argue, gun owners are even more passionate about their issue than immigration hardliners. And, as a senior GOP aide pointed out, DACA has at least has a chance of passage. "Most agree something needs to be done," the source said. "Can't say the same for gun control — at least in Congress." Their sons: A number of sources close to Trump cited the strong pro-Second Amendment views of their sons Don Jr. and Eric. Don Jr. made much of their passions for shooting and hunting on the campaign and is closely affiliated with the NRA.
A number of sources close to Trump cited the strong pro-Second Amendment views of their sons Don Jr. and Eric. Don Jr. made much of their passions for shooting and hunting on the campaign and is closely affiliated with the NRA. Yes, but: Almost everybody we spoke to hesitated when predicting Trump's next move on guns. Some mentioned their taste for bipartisan deal-making, and one source who has worked closely with Trump thought a deal with the Democrats on guns wasn't out of the question — especially as an emotional reaction to the carnage.
"On top of the immense political pressure, the visuals Trump will see, hundreds of severely injured young people, could provoke them to act," this source said. "The rational route to take would be to let the investigation play out to see if any new laws could've prevented this. I'm 100 percent Second Amendment but … people who had their brains blown out is enough to make anyone with a heart consider anything to prevent this."
One possible path: Trump could make a modest concession to gun control advocates by opposing a controversial bill, backed by the NRA, to relax restrictions on the purchasing of gun silencers. Politico reported, citing GOP sources, that the bill "won't be reaching the House floor anytime soon after a horrific mass shooting in Las Vegas."
Trump could get out in front of it, get a slap from the NRA on an issue that's not nearly so radioactive as gun ownership, and move on without considering more substantial gun control actions.
Scientists have long thought that monkeys first ventured from South America into North America no earlier than about 4 million years ago, when the two continents merged. But seven teeth unearthed in Panama may change that story.
These monkey teeth were discovered encased in 21-million-year-old rocks. This suggests that the primates accomplished the impossible, crossing the more than 100 miles of ocean that separated South America from North America at the time.
These prehistoric monkeys, which probably looked like today's capuchin monkeys, are the only mammals known to cross this watery boundary so early, says Jonathan Bloch. Dr. Bloch, the curator of vertebrate paleontology at the Florida Museum of Natural History, is the lead author of a paper announcing this find, which was published Wednesday in the journal Nature.
Today the two American continents are connected by the Isthmus of Panama, the strip of land that separates the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. But around 21 million years ago, Panama was just a peninsula extending off of North America, with the Central American Seaway separating the two continents.
That body of water was thought insurmountable for animal migrations, until now. So how could monkeys have crossed such a barrier?
It's unlikely that they swam, Bloch says. Instead, they likely rafted over to Panama on a mat of vegetation.
"When there are events like hurricanes or major earthquakes or tsunamis, vegetation and clumps of dirt can get washed off the shore. Animals can come along with it," explains Siobhán Cooke, a paleobiologist at Northeastern Illinois University who was not part of this study.
"Monkeys are pretty good dispersers," Dr. Cooke tells The Christian Science Monitor in an interview, and some monkeys have made it to live on islands. "It isn't surprising that they were able to disperse to North America," they say.
Scientists think this wasn't the first time monkeys rafted across seawater.
Monkeys are thought to have evolved in Africa, so "one of the big mysteries in studying monkey evolution has always been how did monkeys get to South America," Bloch tells the Monitor. Similar monkeys to the South American ones emerged in the fossil record about 40 million years ago in northern Africa. Then, between 34 and 37 million years ago, they somehow made their way to South America.
But monkeys don't appear in the fossil record on any other continents at the time, so they must have taken a direct route. The vegetation raft hypothesis emerged to explain that trek.
Once in South America, the monkeys dispersed across the region and established themselves as a separate lineage: platyrrhines, or New World monkeys.
"Platyrrhines are a very important part of modern ecosystems in South America today," Bloch says. Today's population includes squirrel monkeys and howler monkeys. In central America today, you can find capuchins, or "organ grinder" monkeys.
Monkeys were thought to have spread from the once-island continent of South America north into central America as part of the Great American Biotic Interchange, which followed the creation of the Isthmus of Panama. During that time many animals migrated across the newly formed land bridge both north and south.
Opossums, armadillos, and porcupines are thought to have entered North America over the Isthmus of Panama at the time. Deer, cats, raccoons, bears, and other animals migrated south.
Any migration was thought impossible before this event. But this new find "indicates that there was dispersal between the two continental landmasses prior to the complete formation of the Isthmus of Panama," Cooke says. "It changes the story of dispersal across that region."
As scientists are discussing New World monkey evolution, North America is never mentioned before a few million years ago, says Bloch. But "now we know that North America plays a role in the evolution of monkeys."
And it's not just any monkey, they say. "It's well-nested within the family tree of living platyrrhines."
The morphology of these teeth suggest that they belong to a monkey that was closely related to the squirrel monkeys and capuchin monkeys still alive today. Bloch and their colleagues named the new species Panamacebus transitus.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Not only can this new find shed light on monkey migration, but it also can say something about our own evolutionary history, says Cooke.
"These are organisms that are closely related to us," they say. "They're part of our lineage. We are primates after all. This helps us learn a little bit more about what our cousins were doing, where they were, and what their evolutionary history involved."
Guaranteed profits—at any price
Last Tuesday, President Barack Obama told beltway bullhorn Chris Matthews that Senator Elizabeth Warren was “wrong” about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), the largest trade deal in American history, linking United States and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam in a pervasive and binding treaty. The president was referring to Warren's claim that the trade treaty will license corporations to sue governments, and their contention that this was, to put it mildly, a bad idea.
Warren isn't wrong, Obama is. And they know it. The entire TPP, as understood, is based on a single overarching idea: that regulation must not hinder profiteering. This is a fundamentally anti-democratic concept that—if implemented—would effectively eliminate the power of a demos to make its own law. The final authority on any law's validity would rest elsewhere, beyond the reach of popular sovereignty. From the TPP point-of-view, democracy is just another barrier to trade, and the corporate forces behind the draft treaty are intent on removing that barrier. Simple as that.
That's why the entire deal has been negotiated in conclave, deliberately beyond the public purview, since the president and their trade representatives know that exposing the deal to the unforgiving light of popular scrutiny would doom it to failure. That's why the president, like their mentor President Clinton, has lobbied hard for Trade Promotion Authority, or Fast Track, which reduce the Congressional role in the passage of the bill to a ‘yea' or ‘nay.'
Cracks have begun to show in the formidable cloak behind which the deal has been structured. A coalition of advocacy groups advanced on the U.S. Trade Representive's office this week. Wikileaks has obtained and released chapters from the draft document. Senator Harry Reid declared their position to Fast Track as “…not only no, but hell no.” Warren has proved to be a persistent thorn in the side of White House efforts to smooth over troubling issues with the deal. But the monied interests that rule the beltway have all pressed for passage. And as a Fast Track draft makes its way through Congress, stakes are high. The TPP is, in the apt estimation of political activist Jim Hightower, a “corporate coup d'état.”
Not for the first time, the president and their Republican enemies are yoked by the bipartisan appeal of privilege against this faltering fence of protest. The marriage of convenience was described in last Friday's sub-head to a New York Times article on TPP: “G.O.P. Is Allied With President Against Their Own Party.”
All The Usual Suspects
Who else supports the TPP? Aside from this odd confection of neoliberals, the corporations that rule the beltway feverishly back the TPP. From the leak of Sony digital data we learn that it and its media peers have enthusiastically pressed for the passage of the deal. Sony is joined by major agricultural beneficiaries (Monsanto), mining companies like Infinito Gold, currently suing Costa Rica to keep an ecology-harming mine pit active, as well as pharmaceutical coalitions negotiating stiff intellectual property rights unpopular even in Congress, and various other technology and consumer goods groups. And don't forget nicotine kingpins like Philip Morris.
Obama reinforces the corporate line: “We have the opportunity to open even more new markets to goods and services backed by three proud words: Made in America.” Perhaps they aren't aware that our leading export is the workforce that once took pride in that moniker. We've exported five million manufacturing jobs since 1994, largely thanks to NAFTA, the model on which the TPP is built. The TPP will only continue that sad trend. The only jobs not being offshored are the ones that can't be: bartenders and waiteres and health care assistants. That's the Obama economy: a surfeit of low-wage service jobs filled by debt-saddled degree holders. As Paul Craig Roberts argued in The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism, between 2007 and 2014, some eight million students would graduate from American universities and likely seek jobs in the United States. A mere one million degree-requiring jobs would await them. The irony of Obama's statement is that the TPP would actually move to strip the use of labels like, “Buy American,” since they unduly advocate for local goods.
In truth, the authors of the treaty already know all this. The bill concedes as much, with Democrats building in some throwaway provisions of unspecified aid to workers whose jobs have been offshored, and a tax credit to ostensibly help those ex-workers purchase health insurance. Cold comfort for the jobless, as they are exhorted by the gutless paladins of globalization to ‘toughen up' and deal with the harsh realities of a globalized economy. As neoliberal stooge Thomas Friedman has said, companies in the glorious global marketplace never hire before they ask, “Can this person add value every hour, every day — more than a worker in India, a robot or a computer?” Of course, the answer is invariably no, so the job goes to Bangladesh or a robot. No moral equation ever enters the picture. Just market discipline for the vulnerable and ingenious efforts by a captive state to shelter capital from the market dynamics it would force on others.
The Investment Chapter
Despite Obama's disingenuous clichés about “…fully enforceable protections for workers' rights, the environment and a free and open Internet,” the trade deal makes it clear that labor law and environmental law are both barriers to profitability. We know this thanks to Wikileaks, which once again proved its inestimable value by acquiring and releasing another chapter from the cloak-and-dagger negotiations. This time it was the investment chapter, in which so much of the treaty's raison d'etre is expressed.
As Public Citizen points out in its lengthy analysis of the chapter, any domestic policy that infringes on an investor's “right” to a regulatory framework that conforms to their “expectations,” is grounds for a suit. Namely, the suit may be pressed to “the extent to which the government action interferes with distinct, reasonable investment-backed expectations.”
Here's what the TPP says about such legislation as it relates to investor expectations:
For greater certainty, whether an investor's investment-backed expectations are reasonable depends, to the extent relevant, on factors such as whether the government provided the investor with binding written assurances and the nature and extent of governmental regulation or the potential for government regulation in the relevant sector.
Try putting that tax on financial transactions. Forget it. Barrier to a reasonable return. Don't believe it? Just read the TPP investment protocols that would ban capital controls, which is what a financial tax is considered to be by TPP proponents. Try passing that environmental legislation. Not a chance. Hindrance to maximum shareholder value. Just ask Germany how it felt when a Swiss company sued it for shutting down its nuclear industry after Fukushima. Try enacting that youth safety law banning tobacco advertising. Sorry. Needless barrier to profits. Just ask Australia, which is being sued by Philip Morris for trying to protect kids from tar and nicotine.
Public Citizen has tabulated that, “The TPP would newly empower about 9,000 foreign-owned firms in the United States to launch ISDS cases against the U.S. government, while empowering more than 18,000 additional U.S.-owned firms to launch ISDS cases against other signatory governments.” It found that “foreign investors launched at least 50 ISDS claims each year from 2011 through 2013, and another 42 claims in 2014.” If these numbers seem small, recall that for a crucial piece of labor legislation to be struck down, only one firm need to win in arbitration in order to financially hamstring a government and set a precedent that would likely ice the reformist urge of future legislatures.
As noted earlier, the text also appears to suggest banning the practice of promoting domestic goods over foreign—another hurdle to shareholder value. This would effectively prohibit a country from implementing an import-substitution economy without threat of being sued. Governments would be relieved of tools, like tariffs, historically used to protect fledgling native industries. This is exactly what IMF prescriptions often produce—agricultural reforms, for instance, that wipe out native crop production and substitute for it the production of, say, cheap Arabica coffee beans, for export to the global north. Meanwhile, that producer nation must then accept costly IMF lending regimes to pay to import food it might have grown itself.
Of course, it is rarely mentioned that protectionism is how the United States and Britain both built their industrial economies. Or that removing competitor market protections is how they've exploited developing economies ever since. The TPP would effectively lock in globalization. It's a wedge that forces markets open to foreign trade—the textual equivalent of Commodore Perry sailing their gunships into Tokyo Harbor.
ISDS Tribunals
The bill's backers point to language in which natural resources, human and animal life, and public welfare are all dutifully addressed in the document. The leaked chapter explicitly says that it is not intended to prevent laws relating to these core concerns from being implemented. So then, what's the problem? The problem is that these tepid inclusions lack the teeth of sanctions or punitive fines. They are mere rhetorical asides designed to help corporate Democrats rationalize their support of the TPP. If lawmakers really cared about the public welfare, they'd move to strip the treaty of its various qualifiers that privilege trade over domestic law. By all means, implement your labor protection, but just ensure “…that such measures are not applied in an arbitrary or unjustifiable manner, or do not constitute a disguised restriction on international trade or investment.”
If lawmakers cared about national sovereignty, they wouldn't outsource dispute settlement to unelected arbitration panels, more fittingly referred to as, “tribunals.” (Think of scrofulous democracy hunched in the dock, peppered with unanswerable legalese by a corporate lawyer, a surreal twist on the Nuremberg Trials.) Just have a glance at Section B of the investment chapter. Suits will be handled using the Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) model, itself predicated on the tribunal precedent. And in the event a government lost a suit or settled one, legal costs would be picked up by taxpayers, having been fleeced by an unelected committee whose laws it has no recourse to challenge.
Perhaps investor protections like ISDS were once intended to encourage cross-border investment by affording companies a modicum of reassurance that their investments would be safeguarded by international trade law. But the ISDS has been used for far more than that. The ISDS tribunals have a lovely track record of success (first implemented in a treaty between Germany and Pakistan in 1959). Here's Public Citizen:
Under U.S. “free trade” agreements (FTAs) alone, foreign firms have already pocketed more than $440 million in taxpayer money via investor-state cases. This includes cases against natural resource policies, environmental protections, health and safety measures and more. ISDS tribunals have ordered more than $3.6 billion in compensation to investors under all U.S. FTAs and Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs). More than $38 billion remains in pending ISDS claims under these pacts, nearly all of which relate to environmental, energy, financial regulation, public health, land use and transportation policies.
New Era, New Priorities
Now the ISDS is a chisel being used to destroy the regulatory function of governments. All of this is being negotiated by corporate trade representatives and their government lackeys, which appear to have no qualms about the deleterious effects the TPP will have on the general population. But then the corporations these suits represent have long since discarded any sense of patriotic duty to their native nation-states, and with it any obligation to regulate their activities to protect vulnerable citizenries. That loyalty has been replaced by a pitiless commitment to profits. In America, there may have been a time when “what was good for Ford was good for America,” as memorably put by Henry Ford. But not anymore. Now what's good for shareholders is good for Ford. This was best articulated a couple of years ago by former Exxon CEO Lee Raymond, who bluntly reminded an interviewer, “I'm not a U.S. company, and I don't make decisions based on what's good for the U.S.” Those decisions usually include offshoring, liberalizing the labor market, practicing labor arbitrage, relocating production to “business friendly climates” with lax regulatory structures, the most vulpine forms of tax evasion, and so on—all practices that ultimately harm the American worker.
Apple says it feels no obligation to solve America's problems nor, one would assume, any gratitude to the U.S. taxpayer for funding essential research that Apple brilliantly combined in the iPod and iPhone. Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich finally admits corporations don't want Americans to make higher wages. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce encourages shipping American jobs abroad. World Bank chiefs point to the economic logic of sending toxic waste to developing nations. Wherever you look, there seems to be little if any concern for citizenry.
The Financial Times refers to ISDS as, “investor protection.” But what it really is, is a profitability guarantee, a legal bulwark against democracy expressed as regulation. Forgive me for thinking that navigating a fluid legislative environment was a standard investment risk. Evidently the champions of free trade can't be bothered to practice it. Still the White House croons that it has our best interests at heart. If that were true, it would release the full text, launch public charettes to debate its finer points, or perhaps just stage a referendum asking the American people to forfeit their hard-won sovereignty. No such thing will ever happen, of course. As it turns out, democracy is the price of corporate plunder. After all, the greatest risk of all is that the mob might vote the wrong way. And, as the language of the TPP makes explicitly obvious, there are some risks that should be avoided at all costs.
Google is now legally responsible for every crazy thing on the Internet–at least, in Australia. The Supreme Court of Victoria fined Google $200,000 for not removing defamatory rumors linking music promoter, Milorad Trkulja, to organized crime. The court reasoned that Google is a “publisher” because it displays content and links to offending websites.
“Google's search results are a reflection of the content and information that is available on the web. The sites in Google's search results are controlled by those sites' webmasters, not by Google,” wrote the company, in a diplomatically worded statement in response to the decision.
In October 2009, Trkulja demanded that Google remove the rumors, including images, but the company denied the request and recommended they contact the website owners. The court ruled that Google's innocence is only justifiable until the point when someone asks them to remove content. The court reasoned:
The plaintiff accepted (correctly in my view) that they had to establish that Google Inc intended to publish the material complained of. While much was made by counsel for Google Inc of the fact that there was no human intervention between the request made to the search engine and the publication of search results, and of the fact that the system was “fully automated”, the plaintiff's point was that Google Inc intended to publish everything Google's automated systems (which systems its employees created and allowed to operate) produced. Specifically, the plaintiff contended that Google Inc intended to publish the material complained of because while the systems were automated, those systems were the consequence of computer programs, written by human beings, which programs were doing exactly what Google Inc and its employees intended and required. On this basis, it was contended that each time the material complained of was downloaded and comprehended, there was a publication by Google Inc (the operator and owner of the relevant search engines), as intended by it.
While the moral implications of the court's decision are certainly up for debate, the logistical fallout of such a decision is, to put it mildly, mind-boggling. There are a lot of crazy, mean, and ill-informed people, and they increasingly have access to the Internet. Verifying whether a rumor of, say, the death of a celebrity is true or not is relatively straightforward.
But, the anti-Islamic video, “The Innocence of Muslims,” which sparked fatally violent protests in the Middle East, is wrapped up in a heated legal debate about whether its author should be culpable for their actions. And in France, for instance, individuals face heavy fines for hate speech.
If Google is legally responsible for all of the Internet's content, in the same way that authors are responsible, it's hard to imagine how any search engine could exist.
Israeli police forensic experts work at the scene after an explosion tore through a bus in Jerusalem on Monday and set a second bus on fire, in what an Israeli official said was a bombing, April 18, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian militant from the occupied West Bank who was wounded when their bomb exploded on an Israeli commuter bus in Jerusalem on Monday has died, an Israeli hospital spokesperson and a pro-Hamas website said on Wednesday.
A spokesperson for the Jerusalem hospital where the wounded man was treated confirmed they had succumbed to their injuries. Israeli authorities have placed a gag order on the investigation and declined to release any details.
The pro-Hamas Palestinian Information Centre identified them as Abdel-Hamid Abu Srour from the Ayda refugee camp near Bethlehem and said they were a member of the Izz el-Deen Al-Qassam brigades, the armed wing of the Hamas militant Islamist group.
The explosion blew up a bus, wounding 16 people, and caused a fire on a nearby bus. In a speech hour afterwards, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu linked the attack to a six-month-old wave of Palestinian street violence.
Israeli medical sources said six people wounded by the blast were still being treated in hospital, the rest had been released by late Wednesday.
Suicide bombings on Israeli buses were a hallmark of the Palestinian revolt of 2000-2005 but have been rare since. With Palestinians carrying out less organized stabbing, car-ramming and gun attacks since October, Israel has been braced for an escalation.
In the last half year, Palestinian attacks have killed 28 Israelis and two visiting U.S. citizens. Israeli forces have killed at least 191 Palestinians, 130 of whom Israel says were assailants. Many others were shot dead in clashes and protests.
Factors driving the violence include Palestinian bitterness over stalled statehood negotiations and the growth of Israeli settlements in the West Bank, increased Jewish access to a disputed Jerusalem shrine and Islamist-led calls for Israel's destruction.
Health Canada will allow men to donate blood if they haven't had sex with a man in the last five years, a change in policy that will go into effect in the coming weeks.
"If a man has not had sex with another man within the last five years and meets all the other eligibility criteria to be a blood donor, they will be able to donate blood," Dana Devine, who is vice-president of medical, scientific and research affairs at Canadian Blood Services, told reporters Wednesday from Vancouver.
"This is a very significant change for us."
Canadian Blood Services and Hema Quebec submitted scientific data on how disease-causing agents in blood donations are screened and detected rapidly, Health Canada says. (Jorge Dan/Reuters)
Previously, men who said they had sex with a man, even once, since 1977, were not eligible to donate blood.
Devine called it a prudent first step to make until the blood agency collects and analyzes data on HIV incidence in prospective donors as part of its review of further reductions to the deferral period.
Health Canada now says advances in screening technology mean disease-causing agents are more easily and quickly detected.
The changes take effect by the summer, Canadian Blood Services said, to allow time to adjust screening procedures.
Australia and the United Kingdom have reduced their lifetime bans.
Both Canadian Blood Services and Héma-Québec requested the five-year deferral, Devine said. Health Canada answers such requests with a yes or no answer, they said.
Devine acknowledged the length of the deferral won't satisfy everyone. "Bear with us."
Lawyer Adrian Lomaga of Toronto launched a lawsuit against Héma-Québec when they were student at McGill University in Montreal. Lomaga said they dropped the case after they were promised that the blood agencies would ask Health Canada for a change in the policy.
"The scientific evidence doesn't warrant a lifetime deferral period," Lomaga said in an interview.
"I will not be able to give blood, but I'm hopeful that in the future, with further advances in the science and the technology available, that one day I will be able to be a blood donor. That's my goal."
On Toronto's Church Street, which is adorned with rainbow-coloured flags, Ian Mahaffy said they still consider the policy discriminatory.
"It just doesn't make any sense," Mahaffy said. "If you're gonna lift the ban, lift the ban. And treat everybody equally, the same. Whether you're gay, straight, whatever, the fact is it should be going under the same scrutiny as everyone."
That was a crazy week 1. So crazy, that we have to be careful in how we handicap the coming weeks and pivot our thinking in a timely fashion when the water finds its level. 2 red cards for Chelsea left them reeling, even though they almost tied it late in the contest (if it weren't for Morata blocking Alonso's shot…). This will leave them thin going into a tough battle with Tottenham. Elsewhere we saw 10 clean sheets (not typical) and an overall wild first weekend.
Again, we have a 6 game slate on Saturday and a 2 gamer on Sunday. This season, our VIP Team Sheets will include the minor slates. That's in addition to focus in our #soccer-talk Slack channel. This is a good time to pause and tell you that if you are not part of the DFS Army, you are not maximizing your potential for DFS success. While I hold down the soccer aspect of things, the big draw this fall is, of course, NFL. In honor of the NFL returning, check out what we got going on.
Get Your First Month of VIP Membership Free
If you have been thinking of joining the DFS Army team but aren't quite sure – this is your chance to get a month of free membership ($29 Value). Just sign up for a new account and make your initial deposit of $20 or more on any of the following sites. You must use the links below to qualify:
DRAFT
Draftkings
Fanduel
Fantasy Draft
Boom Fantasy
Each of these links includes the latest and best promotional offers from the sites listed. Most have a deposit match rake back offer and some number of free entries to various contests for new depositors. I'm not detailing them above because they change on occasion. Just know they are juiced up with the best current promotions. We also give all of our new members links to download two Daily Fantasy Football full length strategy books which you will have access to as well.
**Remember these must be NEW depositing accounts via the above links. Existing accounts are not eligible for the free month.
In order to qualify for the free month of DFS Army Membership (This applies to current DFS Army Members as well) you simply click through one of the links above and set up a new depositing account on that site. Then email us at ffootballgeek@gmail.com with the site you registered for and the username you chose. We will get back to you with a code for a free month of DFS Army VIP membership. It's that simple.
DFS Army VIP Membership – Limited time offer
We are rolling out a pre-season special for the month of August. My first suggestion is to take advantage of one or more of the free month offers above. I'd rather you put some cash in your bankroll rather than giving it to us up front. If you already have existing DFS accounts or just don't want to add any new ones – simply go to DFS Army VIP Membership Registration – and use promo code: PRESEASON to get 20% off your monthly membership. Remember that our VIP memberships include coverage for all sports and your 20% discount locks in for as long as you remain a member.
Register For DFS Army VIP Membership
On to Gameweek 2!
Saturday's Key Matches
Liverpool v Crystal Palace
What we learned last week from these two teams is that Palace has a long way to go to improve their overall play and Liverpool still concede too many goals. The addition of Fosu-Mensah looks to be a great one but they are still weak overall. We will want to attack the opposite side of the field. That makes me want to look at Sadio Mane. Everyone is gaga over Salah with their assist and goal and firmino now taking pens, but Mane is still the energizer for this squad and there is less opposition in their way. Just make sure to check the lineup because Liverpool played midweek in champions league qualifiers, so we could see some rotation.
Crystal Palace lost Zaha for the foreseeable future, and, while it is a huge loss, they have enough to make a small amount of noise this week. I don't think they have a shot of winning but I could see them scoring a goal. If they do score a goal it's probably gonna be Christian Benteke on the end of a set piece. Palace has a lot of guys who can play a service ball but not a lot of goal scorers. They should be a little one-dimensional with Zaha on the shelf.
Bournemouth v Watford
Bournemouth is an exciting team to watch at the friendly confines of Vitality Stadium. Their style of play at home produces goals. It can yield them, at times, too. The books have this game at 2.5 goals and I am on the over. Ryan Fraser looks like a solid play for you DK players, as they should get a decent number of open play crosses and some corners. If Jermain Defoe is back, we could see a decent GPP performance out of him.
On the other side of the ball, I think Watford is going to come out in a 433. They got a draw last week and this is, by default, a more winnable game. This was their best formation last year. There is word that Andre Gray and Troy Deeney are in contention to start, so there is some value here but a lot is unknown at this time. We will revisit this in Slack.
Best of the Rest
Here are 3 plays that I like outside of the asupervisorstioned matches.
Sam Vokes, FWD – Can you say sieve? Only 2 teams allowed more goals on the road from open play last year. We saw Vokes get hot at the end of last year and it looks like they are picking up where they left off.
Riyad Mahrez, MID – Brighton struggles with long shots and Mahrez is on display for their future team.
Maya Yoshida, DEF – Much improved since Van Dijk was suspended and then hurt. Southampton look to get a lot of possession and that mean attacking capable center backs can make runs into the box.  They are pretty cheap on Fanduel.
These are just a few of the plays I like from the Saturday Slate. You can find the remainder of my picks in our Slack chat and on our VIP Team Sheets, as well as picks from the Sunday slate.
Between the Sticks
Here are my top 3 choices for Goalkeeper this week.
Tom Heaton, BUR – Burnley turns in good defensive performances at home and they allowed 15.6 shots against.
Heurelho Gomes, WAT – They will see a lot of shots. Watford allows 15.6 a game on the road. That's a lot of saves and saves are paramount.
Jack Butland, STK – Last week, Arsenal had 10 shots on goal.
Remember that no matter who you choose to roster, you want to evaluate their floor, especially for your core guys. On DK, you want guys who shoot and guys who cross, even better if they do both. On Fanduel, you have so many ways to build but the most stable players are ones who are involved in the middle of the pitch tackling and intercepting, as well as defenders who make clearances. Only shots on goal count for Fanduel, so we want guys who shoot but it is a rather variable stat game to game. Lastly, and this is paramount, be available an hour before lock! You don't want to spend the money only to find your high price midfielder is on the bench.
Remember to join us in slack. Good luck!
NBA Free Agency Rumors: Multiple NBA teams willing to offer Nerlens Noel max contract Get that paper, Nerlens.
News is mostly quiet on the Sixers' front, but an old friend appears to be on their way to a massive raise this summer. According to a report from Mike Fisher of Scout.com, NBA teams are going to show Nerlens Noel the money this summer.
Here's what Fisher had to say:
One of the newspapers recently wrote that restricted free agent Nerlens Noel "could command $13-to-$15 mil'' as a starting salary. Meanwhile, Dallas Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle labels the center a team "priority.'' It would seem that both of the above things cannot be true. A source from another NBA team (not the Mavs) tells me that there will be "multiple'' clubs willing to pay Noel their max once they hit the restricted-free-agent market on July 1.
Obligatory disclaimer: take all rumors like this with a grain of salt this time of year. Agents and teams are in a constant fight for leverage, so each side tends to leak things as they're convenient to their cause.
As Fisher notes in their piece, a max contract for Noel under the current salary cap would come out to over $25 million a year as their starting salary, pushing to about $108 million over a four year deal with annual five-percent raises. That's a lot of money for Noel, but he's also the sort of player that commands a lot of money—he's talented, with discernible skills that aid successful NBA teams, and he's young enough to still have plenty of theoretical upside to grow into.
This raises a couple of points specific to the Sixers' trade of Noel. Bryan Colangelo knew this was a possibility when they dealt the young center, and knowing that made it much harder to just keep Noel and match whatever salary they were offered. The flip side of that is that Colangelo got almost nothing in return for a player who may sign a max extension following their rookie contract, which reflects poorly on how they handled the trade situation last summer and at the deadline.
Ultimately, it hurts that the Sixers squandered a player with considerable value like Noel, but if things break right for their core pieces, hopefully it won't matter. And if you want to cut us a check, Nerlens, feel free to hit the emails in the masthead.
At a campaign stop in Iowa on Wednesday, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton claimed to be unaware that she'd ever received campaign contributions from the fossil fuel industry -- even though they have received over $150,000 from oil and gas representatives during the 2016 cycle alone.
When asked by a member of the audience if they would follow Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, their rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination, in rejecting fossil fuel donations, Clinton initially demurred.
"Well, I don't know that I ever have [accepted donations from the fossil fuel industry]," the former secretary of state said. "I'm not exactly one of their favorites."
"Have I?" they went on. "OK, well, I'll check on that. They certainly haven't made that much of an impression on me if I don't even know it."
Clinton has in fact received $159,944 during the 2016 cycle from members of the oil and gas industry, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. That's more than every Republican candidate except Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.
HuffPost reported in July that Clinton's biggest campaign bundlers are fossil fuel lobbyists, including lobbyists for Chevron.
Watch Clinton's comments in the video below:
Clinton went on to say that they had a strong record on the environment and that they want to transition to "clean, renewable energy."
"I am not in favor of drilling off our coasts," they said. "I was out there first, before even the president, saying 'No drilling in the Arctic.' I believe strongly that we need to have a path of transition, so everybody knows where I stand."
"Everybody knows when I was in the Senate, I voted that way," Clinton continued. "I voted against the big energy giveaway bill in 2005. I'm on record. So, you know, individuals who might have some connection to whatever industry, I'm not going to do a litmus test on them."
Clinton added that they want to build half a billion more solar panels in the United States by 2020, and to be able to power every home with clean energy by 2024.
As the clear Democratic front-runner, Clinton is inherently a major target for corporate donors looking to secure political influence for themselves. And oil and gas donations to Cruz and Bush far outpace those to Clinton. Bush has raised 70 percent more from the sector than Clinton, while Cruz has raised over three times the sum Clinton has. And the donations themselves are not evidence of any quid-pro-quo corruption on Clinton's behalf, or anyone else's.
But Clinton's ties to top fossil fuel donors have raised questions about their commitment to other environmental policies in the past. One of their top "Hillblazer" bundlers -- people who have assembled over $100,000 for Clinton -- is Gordon Giffin, a former lobbyist for TransCanada, the company that spent years urging the U.S. to build the Keystone XL pipeline.
As HuffPost has previously reported, Giffin serves on the board of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, which invested in the pipeline and paid Clinton $990,000 for speeches in the months before they announced their presidential run.
Clinton refused to take a position on the pipeline for months, only announcing their opposition to the deal in late September, at which point the economic viability of the project had significantly deteriorated.
Well that was a big crash wasn't it? Fortunately no real injuries were sustained in the pile up that occurred moments before the Taaienberg of Saturday's Omloop race, but it was enough to take Tom Boonen and Alexander Kristoff out of the running. A shame for Boonen who will now view Omloop as ‘the-one-cobbled-classic that got away', whilst Greg Van Avermaet will be able to look back fondly, having now won the race twice.
At least Boonen will have the opportunity for a quick rebound, Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne coming 24 hours later. Boonen holds the record number of victories here with three and given Mark Cavendish (on 2 wins) is racing in Abu Dhabi, their record is safe for another year.
Traditionally, Omloop is for the hard and KBK is for the fast. Past podiums of KBK have featured Cavendish, Kristoff, Bouhanni and Vivani – not guys you usually see winning Belgian classics, and some of these names feature on the start list for the 2017 edition.
Jasper Stuyven (TFS) will be confident as reigning champion, but Kristoff (KAT) — if the crash at Omloop had no ill effect – and Bouhanni (COF), who placed second and third respectively in 2016 will also feel they can crack it this time.
After the hard work Luke Rowe and Ian Stannard put in during Omloop, Sky will probably put their eggs in a Danny Van Poppel shaped basket especially with their strong start to the season down under, and Orica Scott will fancy their chances with their fast man Magnus Cort Nielsen, who impressed so much in the final months of last year.
Sam Bennet (BOH) will probably have the nod from teammate Sagan to go for it, Arnaud Demare (FDJ) will be keeping their hands firmly on their bars when climbing if a car passes them (we hope), Nacer Bouhanni will be keeping their hands firmly on their bars when anyone on a bike passes them (we hope also) and finally Brian Coquard (DEN) could go under the radar, avoid any potential pitfalls and madness, and fly through to win.
It's anyone's guess who could take it, but what we're certain of is that Tom Boonen won't want to leave this race as sorely as they left Omloop today.
Offseason Fantasy Quick Hits: Atlantic Division – Tampa Bay Lightning
It's already been a pretty wild off season in the NHL with lots of big names changing teams. As we are in the dog days of summer, we might as well get prepped for the 2016-17 season and discuss the fantasy impacts of all these moves. I introduce to you Offseason Fantasy Quick Hits. I will be discussing the fantasy impact of all major moves made by all NHL teams over the course of the summer. Part fifteen of the series previews the Tampa Bay Lightning for this upcoming season.
Previous Articles:
Metropolitan Division
Atlantic Division
TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING
Got: Cory Conacher, James Wisniewski (PTO),
Lost: Matt Carle, Anthony DeAngelo, Jonathan Marchesseault, Mike Blunden, Luke Witkowski, Mike Angelidis
Remember when the Tampa Bay Lightning traded Cory Conacher to Ottawa for Ben Bishop? Pepperidge Farms remembers. All kidding aside though, looking back it is insane. Cory Conacher was at one point an AHL superstar whose size has held them back at the NHL level. They have returned to the Lightning organization after one year in Switzerland, and needless to say, doesn't need to be talked about any further.
Ben Bishop does though. The guy is a top 5 fantasy goalie and I'd be okay if they were the first or second goalie off your board. As a 2nd round pick or lower I don't mind it. Just be aware that Tampa may have to trade them at some point this season due to the upcoming expansion draft and the need for Tampa to protect top goalie prospect Andrei Vasilevskiy. If they go to a weaker team it could hurt their numbers, although I feel if they get traded it will be to a playoff team who needs an upgrade. There's lots of speculation that destination will be Dallas if he's traded, meaning I'll still like them as a fantasy goalie if that's where they end up.
Back to Vasilevskiy. I probably wouldn't draft them in shallower one year leagues. In keeper leagues, the guy is a must own. If Bishop does get traded though, they instantly rise to stud goalie status IMO. This is definitely a situation worth monitoring. As of now, they should put up solid backup numbers while seeing around 20 starts. This is Ben Bishop's team until it isn't.
Enough goalie talk. Steven Stamkos ended all speculation they were going home to Toronto by re-upping with the Bolts for 8 more years. Stamkos is a borderline first round pick, sure fire 2nd rounder. They simply score too many goals not to be. They seem like a sure bet for 35-40 goals and 70 points.
On Stamkos' line we will likely see Alex Killorn and Jonathan Drouin. Killorn is draftable in very deep leagues but just because they play with Stamkos it won't turn them into something he's not. He's probably good for 40-45 points this year.
I really like Jonathan Drouin as a late round draft gamble though. He's proven they can do it at every level. They put up 14 points in 17 playoff games last year. Everyone remembers when they went home after not reporting to the AHL last year, the trade request, and the rescinding of the trade request. It seems as though the Lightning and them have mended fences though. Remember, the guy is 21, a 3rd overall pick, and is entering their third professional season. If they click with Stamkos and/or gets some powerplay time, I think they could be a sneaky good late round pick. Use a late round pick on them if he's still there, as I could see them putting up 60 points as soon as this season if things clicked for him. The guy has lots of talent.
It's just a matter of time before Jonathan Drouin breaks out into a superstar
Also keep an eye out for Vladislav Namestnikov. I don't love them this year because they likely aren't in the top six, but with an injury or two they could find themselves there. He's a late round pick in deep leagues or a watch list guy in shallower leagues. I think they could put up 50 points this year though in the right situation.
The kid line of Palat-Johnson-Kucherov are all draftable. Of the 3, I like Palat the least, since I think they have the lowest ceiling of the three.Still I think they can put up 60-65 points over a full and healthy season. Everyone has Tyler Johnson circled on their comeback player list. The guy struggled last year and battled through injuries, only to put up 17 points in 17 playoff games. I think he's back. I wouldn't expect their production from two seasons ago but think they should be good for 65, with the potential for 70-75 points. I like them in the early middle rounds of your draft.
Lastly, Nikita Kucherov is only 23 years old and led the Bolts in points last year.  They are one of the main reasons why Tampa was almost willing to let Stamkos leave and not go one dollar higher on their offer to him.The sky is the limit for him. They should put up 30-35 goals, and at least 65 points. They have the talent to put up 80 though and I like them if he's available in the 3rd round or so of your draft.
Don't draft Valtteri Filppula or Ryan Callahan. They've never been great fantasy players but have always been in the spotlight since they were part of some very good Detroit Red Wings and New York Rangers teams. I didn't want them when they put up decent numbers and I especially don't want them now. Let someone else make a mistake and draft them.
As for fantasy d-men, I'd probably only draft Victor Hedman. They should be good again for 10 goals and 50 points. I'd put them just a shade under the top tier of fantasy defensemen (like Burns, Letang, Karlsson) in the league.
Anton Stralman is also draftable as a late round pick but don't expect much more than 35 points from him. James Wisniewski has a tryout with the team and could crack the squad. With all the injuries he's had, I wouldn't expect more than 35 points from them either at this point and even that's a stretch.
None of Tampa's other prospects appear to be fantasy relevant for this upcoming season.
Your comments and questions are welcome below and I will try to answer as soon as I can. Feel free to send all your fantasy hockey related questions to akiberg@gmail.com! Thanks for reading!!!
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured never-before-seen images from nearly 200 miles above the Red Planet. You can see spot craters, icy polar dunes and even the possible landing site for a future mission.
"CBS This Morning" got an exclusive first look at NASA's highly-sensitive big plans for Martian exploration, becoming the first broadcast to go inside the assembly room of the Mars 2020 mission.
The Red Planet is a speck in the sky 200 million miles away, but in just four years, one spacecraft will blast off for a unmanned mission to Mars -- a crucial step toward NASA's goal of someday sending humans to Mars in the next 20 to 30 years, reports CBS News correspondent Jan Crawford.
NASA agreed to let the CBS News crew inside the "clean room" where even engineers working on the spacecraft have to be covered head to toe.
"It needs to be clean in order to work properly, and it's going to the surface of Mars and we can't have Earth stuff goin' there. We don't wanna contaminate Mars," said Deputy Mission Manager Jeff Srinivasan said.
For generations, Mars has been a source of fascination and a favorite of Hollywood, but at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, it's no longer science fiction -- it is cutting edge science. One piece of metal will be a sophisticated landing system for Mars 2020.
"The most important part that gets put on this is our propulsion system. So those are the rockets," Srinivasan explained.
It will slow down the spacecraft and gently drop an SUV-sized rover onto the surface of the planet. NASA used the same technique in 2012 to land the "Curiosity" rover.
"Curiosity is the first rover to really confirm that Mars was a habitable place," said Steven Lee, deputy project manager for Curiosity. A replica is displayed at JPL's "Mars Yard."
"Curiosity really is the parent of Mars 2020," Lee said. "The mom and daddy."
The next generation rover will be loaded with a lot more technology, like higher resolution cameras and an advanced robotic arm and drill, which Srinivasan said will help search for signs of Martian life.
NASA announces evidence of water on Mars
"We're actually going to drill cores and make small samples of Martian rock that we will put in tubes, seal, and leave on the Martian surface, and hope the future mission, potentially, will get those samples, bring it back to Earth," Srinivasan said. "We've never brought anything back from the surface of Mars."
And for the first time, NASA will test systems that future astronauts would use to survive their journey.
Engineer Jim Lewis and their team are working on how to turn the Martian atmosphere into oxygen for astronauts to breathe and use as fuel. This experiment is critical because astronauts couldn't bring enough oxygen from Earth to last for what will be a three-year mission.
"So inside this chamber is at seven torr which is the Martian pressure," Lewis said. "If you want to go to Mars as a human or if you want to launch a rocket from Mars to bring a sample back, you need oxidizer to do that."
How accurate is the science behind "The Martian"?
Lewis said all this, "without question," makes the upcoming mission a giant leap for human travel into deep space.
"Eventually we'll be able to overcome all the challenges that are ahead of us," Lee said.
"It's crazy but it's certainly a wonderful goal," Srinivasan said.
And it is a goal generation in the making -- now closer than ever.
"It sometimes is just amazing to imagine that we've built such a large system. So much complexity that's so capable. And we send it on a rocket and when you go out in the morning and you look and... it's a point of light in the sky," Lee said, laughing.
Kari Ann Peniche Williams ( peh-NEE-chay;[1] born March 20, 1984) is an actor and entertainer from Fairview, Oregon. They have held the Miss Oregon Teen USA and Miss United States Teen titles. They were stripped of the latter title after appearing nude in the November 2004 issue of Playboy magazine.
They have been the subject of several celebrity gossip stories, including a brief engagement to singer Aaron Carter, a quarrel with singer Mindy McCready, and the leak of a controversial home video involving actors Eric Dane and Rebecca Gayheart.  They are also well known to television audiences for their appearances on the first season of Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew, the third season of Celebrity Rehab, and a brief appearance on the second season of Sober House.
Early life and modeling career [ edit ]
Peniche was born in San Diego, California on March 20, 1984. Them mother, Lee Ann Rosenbarger, is a business consultant. Peniche has two younger brothers. After their parents divorced, the three siblings lived with their mother, who was an extreme perfectionist (especially about schoolwork).[2][dead link] Peniche attended a modeling class at age twelve. After briefly moving the family to Houston, Texas, Peniche's mother remarried and moved them to a home on Blue Lake in Fairview, Oregon. At age 16, Peniche won a six-week contract to model in Korea. They returned for another six-week stint at age 18.[2]
Peniche attended Portland Lutheran High School in Gresham, Oregon, where they were a cheerleader.[3] They graduated in 2002, and later attended Portland State University[2] and took classes through UCLA Extension.[4] In a 2008 interview with Steppin' Out magazine, Peniche claimed that they were sexually abused as a minor, teenage model, and beauty queen; also physically abused by a former boyfriend.[5]
Career [ edit ]
Peniche won the Miss Oregon Teen USA 2002[6] title in November 2001. They competed in the Miss Teen USA 2002 pageant but did not place.[7] At the end of their reign they crowned Tami Farrell as the new Miss Oregon Teen USA. The following year they represented Oregon in the Miss United States Teen pageant, which they won.[6] They were crowned November 10, 2003 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.[2] Peniche was considered an unconventional pageant winner, for their fashion and career choices.[2]
They were later stripped of their Miss United States Teen title after appearing nude in Playboy magazine.[8] Peniche stated that they did not think there would be any issue, since: they claimed that nothing in their beauty pageant contract prohibited them from doing nude modeling; and, their Playboy issue was not published for sale until after their reign had ended.
Peniche went on to host Xtreem, a Seattle-based, cable television program featuring local bands and extreme sports; and, the Boom Boom Huck Jam event.[2] They acted in Small Change, an independent film produced in Seattle,[2] and has appeared in other movies and TV shows.[9] They also launched a line of bikinis called "Strung Out" at Portland Fashion Week.[10][11][12]
Personal life [ edit ]
In September 2006 Aaron Carter, then 18 years old, proposed to Peniche while they were onstage in Las Vegas, Nevada. They had known each other five days. Peniche, who had previously dated their older brother Nick, agreed. The engagement was broken off six days later.[13][14]
On August 17, 2009, a home video was posted on the website Gawker showing Peniche with married actors Eric Dane and Rebecca Gayheart. All three are naked, though the video does not contain any sex acts.[5] Though it is unknown how the video was made public, it had been stored on a hard drive that was the subject of a dispute between Peniche and Mindy McCready during their time on Celebrity Rehab.[8]
Starting in November 2009, Peniche appeared as a patient on the VH1 reality television spinoff series, Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew (a documentary about the treatment process for sexual addiction patients [filmed in April 2009] at the Pasadena Recovery Center). Peniche described themselves as having had hundreds of lovers, but being unable to emotionally connect with anyone in any kind of relationship. Peniche's participation in the treatment program was marred by their aggressive and erratic behavior: verbally abusing the staff and other patients; refusing to participate in group discussions, or obey the clinic's rules; forcefully demanding that the staff fetch their fruit juice and bring it to their bedside; accusing people of laughing at them when they clearly were not; and, compulsively smiling (as a beauty pageant contestant might, in order to maintain a facade of well-being) -- even when discussing their own past traumas and pain. Dr. Drew Pinsky, the treating physician, became suspicious that they were using illicit substances such as methamphetamine, or had been prior to being admitted. The PRC's staff psychiatrist diagnosed them as having borderline personality disorder (BPD). It was indicated that both the substance abuse and BPD had to be treated before any treatment for sexual addiction could begin.[15] Eventually, Peniche was involuntarily discharged for failing to comply with the program's guidelines. They refused Pinsky's offer of an alternative program at a nearby psychiatric hospital,[16][17] and during the process of being evicted from their home, they made suicidal gestures and became abusive toward the show's production staff (e.g., throwing a container of water onto a technician).
Later, during production of the third season of Celebrity Rehab, Peniche contacted Pinsky for help. Pinsky explained that their aggressive behavior during Sex Rehab was derived from drugs they smuggled into the PRC in their teddy bear; and, were difficult to detect during drug testing because of the medication Peniche took for attention deficit disorder. Pinsky went to their residence, where Peniche showed them the crystal meth they were using. They were shown returning to the Pasadena Recovery Center at the end of that season's fourth episode. Executive producer John Irwin claimed that their behavior changed by their second appearance, although they did allegedly punch a cameraman, at one point.[18][19][20][21] In their second stint at the Pasadena Recovery Center, Peniche again exhibited some problematic behaviors (including conflict with the staff and other patients, plus again violating facility rules); however, they did complete the program.
Peniche joined the cast of Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House, in which they transferred into a sober living facility (often an interim step between rehab, and returning to society). In the first episode, they became verbally abusive toward the sober living manager (Jennifer Gimenez), and tested positive for methamphetamine.[22] During the second episode, admitted being worried that their former Rehab co-star, Mindy McCready (whom Peniche had invited to move in with them at the end of their season on Rehab—an idea that Dr. Pinsky openly opposed) had access to sensitive materials on Peniche's computer. (It was later reported that the two argued over money, and, an accusation over a stolen hard drive [containing the nude video featuring Peniche, Eric Dane, and Rebecca Gayheart]).[23]) As Peniche was being filmed returning home to address this matter, they punched a cameraman in the eye, and was evicted from the sober living facility.[24] A few days later, Head Counselor Bob Forrest brought Peniche back to the facility to see if the residents would accept their return; but, (with the exception of co-patient/-resident Tom Sizemore), the residents declined Peniche's in-person plea to return, and they left amid stinging criticism by Heidi Fleiss.[25]
Peniche wed investment builder Justin Williams in February 2011 in Los Angeles, California and they have two children together, a son named Preston and a daughter named Layla.[26][27][28] Their marriage has been strained, reportedly due to Peniche's behavior, both past and present; their husband has made allegations of infidelity against them and of child abuse, saying a hair follicle test showed she'd exposed their then 10-month-old son to methamphetamine.[29][30]
References [ edit ]
A fight has broken out between the nation's most prominent Muslim advocacy group and the labor union attempting to organize its Washington staff.
Service Employees International Union Local 500 said in filings Wednesday that the Council on American-Islamic Relations was trying to bust its effort to organize the civil rights group's staff. CAIR responded with a statement Thursday calling the charge "meritless." The conflict comes just days before a scheduled April 24 workplace organizing vote by CAIR's staff.
Maryland-based SEIU Local 500 filed the unfair practices charges against the Muslim advocacy group with the National Labor Relations Board, the main federal labor law enforcement agency. The union said, among other charges, that it was denied access to the workplace and said CAIR's officers made coercive statements to workers regarding the election and discharged at least one for organizing. The filings were posted on the labor board's website, though the actual complaints are not public.
"Disappointed that a civil rights group like #CAIR is trying to stop its employees from even voting on having a union," SEIU Local 500 said on its official Twitter account. "Workplace rights are #civilrights - which makes @CAIRNational #hypocrites for policy of stopping employees from being able to vote for union," it said in a follow-up tweet.
CAIR, which is well-known for its aggressive efforts to target anti-Muslim bias, responded that it "strongly supports the labor movement" and expects the charges to be dismissed.
A spokesperson for the union could not be reached for comment.
The union has been trying to organize the advocacy group's workers since October, labor board filings show. CAIR objected to the effort, arguing that it was a religious organization and therefore exempt from the National Labor Relations Act. A regional administrator for the board rejected that argument this month, stating that CAIR was "more akin to a secular civil rights group" and its workers were therefore free to unionize.
In its statement Thursday, CAIR indicated it was still rejecting the board ruling, saying that it was acting to protect its "legal identity as an American Muslim civil rights organization."
The union's efforts put CAIR in an awkward position, as it has generally allied itself with other liberal groups. Opposing the workplace election opens it to charges of anti-union bias. Not opposing it means accepting a legal precedent that it is not covered by some religious exemption laws.
SEIU Local 500 had hoped that the earlier labor board ruling would end any conflict between it and the union. "This is a great opportunity for CAIR... Like other similar groups, CAIR's staffers should have an opportunity to have representation," spokesperson Christopher Honey told the Washington Examiner this month.
The April 24 election covers only the workers at CAIR's Washington headquarters. Honey put the number of workers in the bargaining unit at less than 50.
CAIR's statement to the Examiner reads:
"The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) strongly supports the organized labor movement, which has played an indispensable role in creating a more just and fair work environment across our nation.
"In an effort to avoid the election, the union filed a meritless charge. A substantially similar claim was dismissed a few weeks ago. This new meritless charge is expected to be similarly dismissed.
"CAIR has remained neutral throughout this process and respects the free choice of employees. We look forward to the election going forward as soon as possible.
"Our allies and supporters should know that this situation has little to do with organizing and employee choice, which we support, and everything to do with the method by which it happens, as well as with protecting CAIR's legal identity as an American Muslim civil rights organization.
"We hope to quickly resolve this matter and to publicly share more information as soon as possible. Again, in the meantime, please know that we strongly support a fair and just workplace for all members of our CAIR family."
Posted By : STAT Times 16-08-2017 00:00:00
August 16, 2017: Swiss WorldCargo has consolidated its presence in the American market by announcing a new organisational set-up in the market. Effective October 2017, Swiss WorldCargo's American organisation will be consolidated from three to two regions: Western, Southern USA & South America and Northeast/Midwest USA and Canada.
The newly created region Western, Southern USA & South America will be headed by Hendrik Falk, who has recently joined Swiss WorldCargo and will be based in Atlanta. Hendrik has extensive executive experience and almost thirty years expertise in the air cargo industry. In their former role as vice president North and South America of an international all cargo carrier, they were responsible for all aspects of that company's activities in both continents. Previously, they held several executive roles for industry leaders in various challenging capacities in the USA, Asia and in Europe.
The region Northeast/Midwest USA and Canada will continue to be led by Michael Ganz, based in New York. Michael joined the American organisation two years ago, after holding several commercial management positions at Swisscargo and Swiss WorldCargo in Zurich.
René Brechbuehl, who had been successfully heading the region South-East USA & South America for the last 3 years, will be leaving Swiss WorldCargo in October to begin their well-deserved retirement following 44 years of service with Swissair and SWISS.
The final results are in, and Israel is officially a world power in environmentally sensible home design. Overall, Team Israel came in fourth in the biennial Solar Decathlon, a contest that pits design and technology teams from around the world against each other to see who can come up with the best “house of the future.”
Israel's entry, an 85-meter modular house built of locally-produced materials, came in first in the “energy balance” category for homes that produce more energy than they consume. It also won the hot water production category, and was second in the architecture category and fourth in the market appeal category.
The results were announced last week in Datong, China, where the contest took place. Two Chinese teams — from the University of Wollongong and the South China University of Technology — came in first and second overall, while Team Sweden came in third.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Solar Decathlon, a contest with 10 categories first held in 2002, is sponsored by the US Department of Energy. This was the first time the contest has taken place outside the US. The purpose of the contest, which is open to teams from universities and colleges around the world, is to encourage teams to design, build, and operate the most attractive, effective, and energy-efficient solar-powered house.
Contestants build a model of their design, which is put on display at the contest site. Awards are granted for designs that make the best use of solar energy in such categories as architecture, market appeal, engineering, affordability, appliances and home entertainment. Team Israel, which included students and faculty from nearly a dozen Israeli academic institutions, was chosen last year in a semifinal event as one of 20 teams to participate in this year's finals.
The Israeli house was built with a modular design, which will allow it to be expanded as necessary. The house, according to team leaders, was actually a modern take on a “house of the past, inspired by the typical Iron Age Israelite ‘four-room house,' examples of which have been excavated at various archaeological sites in modern day Israel and around the Levant area.”
The house, a single-family dwelling, was to be built around an open patio, providing ventilation and light. The design stresses the connection of the indoor and the outdoor spaces, team leaders said, “increasing our awareness of the environment and reducing energy and resource dependence.”
The house also displayed the latest in Israeli-designed environmental and energy innovations, some of which were displayed for the first time at the Decathlon. For example, it was equipped with an array of photovoltaic panels, producing electricity from sunshine, along with high-transparency PV glass units for curtain walls and skylights, developed by Israeli start-up Pythagoras Solar. These solar power generation systems ensured that the house was able to produce more than enough electricity to keep all its appliances going and even produce more electricity than needed. Special insulation materials, also developed in Israel, ensured that a minimum of energy was expended on energy, the group said.
Decathlon entries were on display for nearly a month, during which time hundreds of thousands of people visited the exhibition. The exhibition attracts not only tourists but also business officials. Yossi Cory of the Shenkar School of Design, who, along with Israeli architect Chen Shalita, led the delegation, said several deals for sales of the home's technologies are already in the works.
Oded Chai, administrative director of the project, praised the team for its awards, which it achieved on a shoestring budget.
“With a quarter of the budget available to the other top contenders, Israel has for the first time shown that it is possible to build a home with a negative energy balance. We believe that this accomplishment can have a major impact on the cleantech world, and not just in Israel,” they added.
No one in my family ever made garlic mashed potatoes. No one had ever even heard of them until I started making them over a decade ago.
Mashed potatoes were simple things in my childhood: russet (or all purpose white) potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, boiled until they were soft, then drained, then mashed with the following three ingredients: butter (or, alas, margarine), salt and milk (or evaporated milk.) That was it. No pepper even–pepper was to be added to taste at the table.
And the truth was, those mashed potatoes were plenty good. It isn't like I turned my nose up at them or anything.
And there were slight variations on these. Gram would often prefer to use red-skinned boiling potatoes rather than russets or all-purpose potatoes. Because of the waxy structure of thier starch the red-skinned potatoes, when boiled and mashed, turned into a creamier, more dense end product that had a slightly sweeter flavor than the usual fluffy and slightly dry mashed russets. Gram also mashed their potatoes by hand with an implement that I proudly use to this day while Grandma used their Sunbeam stand mixer and my Mom used their hand mixer.
I liked the texture that the hand-mashed potatoes had better than the ones done with mixers; however Grandma's made with Grandpa's homegrown Irish Cobbler or Kennebec potatoes with margarine and evaporated milk had the most amazing fluffiness–they were light and airy and amazing, and tasted very strongly of earthy potato. But I liked Gram's too, with the little lumps and their natural creaminess–and their amazing tastiness from all the real butter Gram used. (When Gram's mashed potatoes were perfectly smooth like Mom's or Grandma's we knew they had cheated and opened a box of potato buds.)
See, potatoes were a big deal in my family, and none more so than mashed potatoes. Fried potatoes, boiled potatoes with butter or with butter and dried parsley, or baked or scalloped or served au gratin, or made into delicious potato salad (my Mom was the Potato Salad Princess of our family–everybody loved theirs best, and they still ask them to make it after all these years) all of these were good, but mashed potatoes were the queen of the dining room table. Everybody loved them.
I would say that we ate mashed potatoes at least twice a week, sometimes three times a week. We certainly ate potatoes in some form every day–it has to do with growing up poor, I suspect. Both my Mom and Dad grew up “on limited budgets” (let's be real, they “was po'” as they say in Charleston), and both sets of grandparents had lived through the Depression and World War II, so to all of them, potatoes were a necessity. Our house never had fewer than twenty pounds of potatoes in the ‘tater bin, and Grandma and Grandpa–geez, they grew hundreds of pounds of them and had a special root cellar where they kept them all in the cool dark through the long winter months. (I loved the smell of the root cellar–all earthy and good, with a tinge of sweetness from the bins of apples and a tang from the kraut crock.)
So potatoes–it was all about potatoes, especially mashed.
Which is not to say that every dish of mashed potatoes brought to the table in my childhood was fantastic. Most of them were, true, but now and again, strange things would happen to the potatoes and the cook would be mystified and distressed. Sometimes, Mom would miss a bit of potato and there would be sizable lumps in their usually fluffy russets. Or, worse, now and again, Grandma's potatoes were turned out runny, even if they put the same amount of evaporated milk as usual in them–they would, instead of standing up in proud peaks and swirls, go plop on the plate in a sad ploopy pool of pathetic potato.
Or the worst–sometimes Mom's potatoes would turn inexplicably gluey and sticky–the texture would go all unpalatable and icky, and on those days they would have to be drowned in gravy just so I could get them down, because the texture would make my stomach go all squiffy and jello-like.
It turns out that the reasons behind these mashed potato misfires are simple and have to do with the structure of the potato starch or their native moisture content or the fact that sometimes quickly draining boiled potatoes and then sort of shaking them in their colander for a few seconds is not enough to remove sufficient water from them in order to get properly fluffy mashed potatoes.
The gluey mashed potatoes come about if you overbeat or overwhip boiled russets. The dry starch will go all sticky and gluey and wallpaper-pasty and really no one wants that. The solution is to very carefully not over beat them, especially if you are using a mechanical mixer. (And it is really easy to overbeat them if you don't pay attention as you go along. My Mom, when they were distracted, would not watch the potatoes as they whipped and within seconds, they would go from light and fluffy and delightful to ick. And they never figured out why. (When I found out why this happened from reading one of Julia Child's cookbooks, I told her, and since then, they have had very little trouble with wallpaper paste potatoes.)
I have found that if you mash your potatoes by hand, you run a much lower risk of having the starch go awry. In general, I figure your arm will get tired long before the glue gets working.
Grandma's runny potatoes came from not drying the potatoes thoroughly enough. When they would let them sit in the colander for a few minutes, they would usually dry out enough, but especially if the potatoes were young and had plenty of inherent moistness to them, even that wasn't enough. I learned from a Julia Child episode years later how to avoid that–pop the drained potatoes back in the pot, set them back on the stove and stir those suckers around until you get a little hazy film of potato starch on the bottom of the pot. That was the sign that your potatoes were sufficiently dried out for successful mashing.
So, now that I have given you a treatise on potatoes and a bit of cultural history as to the Fisher/Perks families' dietary habits in regards to the beloved spuds, let us get down to business and make some delicious garlic mashed potatoes.
My method is simple, and results in the most delicately flavored and perfumed garlic mashed potatoes you can imagine. I don't use roasted garlic, and I don't saute it or even simmer it in butter as some folks do. I simply put peeled garlic cloves into the pot with the potatoes and boil them together and when the potatoes are done, I mash the garlic in with them.
That is it.
And they are the best garlic mashed potatoes ever. Folks like my garlic mashed potatoes better than Julia Child's version, where they simmer the garlic in butter and then mashes them in and uses the butter in the potatoes. Them way lacked flavor, but that isn't surprising. Julia didn't love garlic as much as I do.
I use butter when I mash my potatoes, of course, and cream. Milk is good, too, but I like butter and cream best. For non-garlic mashed potatoes, I use butter and sour cream or butter and Greek yogurt instead of the butter and cream. And when I really want to go freakishly rich on everyone, I have been known to mash potatoes with a bit of butter, a bit of cream and a good bit of Brie cheese (with the rind cut off, obviously.) The Brie potatoes get fresh thyme leaves and fresh minced rosemary leaves stirred into them right before serving, and they are wickedly delicious.
Oh, and one more thing you should know about mashed potatoes.
If you have a pressure cooker, you can go from peeled and cut up potatoes to boiled in about three minutes. (Put the potatoes in the pressure cooker, with enough water to barely cover them, bring to a boil, lock the lid, bring to full pressure, cook for three minutes, then quick release pressure.) Then, you drain them, dry them and mash them–that takes about five minutes, which means you can have real, honest to God mashed potatoes in about eight minutes flat. (I timed myself doing it once.) That is slow food done fast–bite that, potato buds!
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Ingredients:
5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2″ thick chunks
1 head garlic, cloves peeled, but left whole
4 tablespoons butter
1/4-1/3 cup heavy cream
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Aleppo pepper and freshly snipped chives for garnish
Method:
Put the potatoes and garlic in a pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and turn heat down to a merry simmer, and cook until the potatoes are fork tender. (Which means a fork goes into them and then comes easily back out again–no sticking.) Or taste a potato chunk to see if it is properly done. They should be something that you could melt some butter over and eat without mashing–underdone potatoes make awful mashed potatoes. Simply awful. Don't go there.
Drain your potatoes–allow them to sit in the colander for at least two minutes, shaking them now and again. While the potatoes are draining melt the butter and cream in the microwave until they are melty and warm. Then, pop the potatoes back in the pot, and stir them over medium heat until a film of potato starch forms on the bottom of the pot.
Remove from the heat, and mash by hand. (Come on, you can do it. Get yourself a potato masher and have at it. I do it all the time. I even mashed 20 pounds of potatoes by hand using Gram's masher in a huge pot for the Toyota Farm to Table event. If I did that, you can do five pounds for real. Besides, it builds up great forearm muscles.) When potatoes are pretty well halfway to mashed, pour in the melted butter and cream, and mash until most of the lumps are gone. Then, using the masher, beat the potatoes a bit, going in big circles around the pot. Sprinkle in the salt and pepper and beat them a little bit more. At this point, they should be fluffy and delicious.
Garnish with Aleppo pepper flakes and snipped bits of fresh chive, and if you must, a bit more melted butter. You know, just to make it pretty.
RSS feed for comments on this post.
Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
MOUNTAIN VIEW — Citing a constitutional right to free speech, Google (GOOG) asked the secretive U.S. foreign intelligence court Tuesday for permission to tell the public how many national security data requests the company receives from federal authorities, separate from routine law enforcement requests.
“Google's reputation and business has been harmed by the false or misleading reports in the media” about government data-gathering, “and Google's users are concerned by the allegations,” the company said in a court filing. “Google must respond to such claims with more than generalities.”
Civil liberties groups applauded the legal motion from the Internet giant, which has balked at the government's restrictions on disclosing national security requests.
“Other companies should follow suit,” the Electronic Frontier Foundation said in a Twitter post Tuesday afternoon. But other companies' reaction was muted. A source at one Internet company suggested that a lawsuit might be cumbersome and slow down the disclosure process.
Google and other Internet companies have said they want to provide more information in part to dispel the impression that government agencies have broad access to Internet users' online activities. That notion was raised by initial news reports in The Washington Post and the British newspaper the Guardian about a government surveillance program known as Prism, which suggested that the National Security Agency is able to tap directly into the servers of Google and other leading Internet companies.
Internet companies have denied that the government has direct access to their servers, but Google and the other companies have acknowledged that they provide information when they are legally required to comply with government requests.
“We have long pushed for transparency so users can better understand the extent to which governments request their data,” Google said Tuesday, noting that it was the first company to win permission to report how many requests it receives under one national security law, the Patriot Act.
But companies have not been allowed to report on a second type of request, made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA. The Prism program operates under FISA authority. Federal authorities only agreed last week that companies could report on FISA requests if they were included in a broad total of all requests from local police and other government agencies.
In recent days, Yahoo (YHOO), Apple (AAPL), Facebook and Microsoft have issued reports that complied with that requirement, even though critics have said the gross numbers do not provide a clear picture of what kinds of requests the government is making.
“Greater transparency is needed,” Google said Tuesday, “so today we have petitioned the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to allow us to publish aggregate numbers of national security requests, including FISA disclosures,” separately from other types of requests such as those coming from local police.
The Washington, D.C.-based court has jurisdiction over government intelligence programs and operates mostly in secret.
But in its filing, Google argued: “These matters are of significant weight and importance, and transparency is critical to advancing public debate in a thoughtful and democratic manner.”
Contact Brandon Bailey at bbailey@mercurynews.com; follow them at Twitter.com/BrandonBailey.
Autopsy Report: Transgender Theodore Teen Killed by Blunt Force Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Video
An autopsy report released Thursday revealed that a transgender teenager from Theodore, Alabama died by blunt force trauma to the head.
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum told their father that they murdered someone and dumped the body somewhere on their dad's property.
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum told their father that they murdered someone and dumped the body somewhere on their dad's property.
The body of 17-year-old Mercedes Williamson, whose birth name is Michael Wilkins, was found in the woods at the suspect's father's house inLucedale, Mississippi.
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum was escorted to the justice court in George County for a scheduled pre-trial hearing, but they signed a waiver that sends the case directly to a grand jury.
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum was escorted to the justice court in George County for a scheduled pre-trial hearing, but they signed a waiver that sends the case directly to a grand jury.
George County investigators said Josh Vallum, 28, told their father that they murdered someone and dumped the body somewhere on their dad's property.
Vallum's father called authorities, and they searched the area, finding Williamson's body hidden under some brush.
Chief Investigator Captain Ben Brown suspects that the two knew each other for several months before the murder.
"They did know each other. To what extent? We're still trying to verify that because there's been so many rumors about how they knew each other. We're trying to nail it down so when we do present this case, it's a solid good case."
Several unanswered questions remain, including whether or not Vallum knew Williamson was transgender, and if that played a role in the crime. '
Williamson's death is being investigated as a homicide, but Brown said they haven't ruled out the possibility of a hate crime.
"That'll be up to the District Attorney to press appropriate charges. But, we're investigating this as a homicide like we do any other case," Brown said.
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum is a documented member of the Latin Kings street gang
Copyright by WKRG - All rights reserved Vallum is a documented member of the Latin Kings street gang
Williamson is the ninth known transgender woman killed in the United States in 2015, according to the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs.
Thursday morning, Vallum was escorted by officers to the justice court in George County for a scheduled pre-trial hearing, but they signed a waiver that sends the case directly to a grand jury.
Vallum's court-appointed attorney, David Futch, speculated their client waived the right to a hearing to avoid media attention.
"I think he's worried, more than anything, about the story and their reputation and how horrible it looks to everybody." said Futch.
Vallum is a documented member of the Latin Kings street gang and was in violation of parole for a different crime when they were arrested for Williamson's murder.
Vallum has been in custody under a $1 million bond since June 2, a day after authorities found Williamson's body.
Siam Nuwara shows Israel's Channel 1 the school bag their son Nadim, seen in the poster, was wearing when they were shot dead by an Israeli sniper on 15 May.
The US government has reaffirmed its “deep respect for the Israeli army's moral code” days after video emerged of the cold-blooded sniper killings of two Palestinian boys.
The boys, 17-year-old Nadim Siam Nuwara and 16-year-old Muhammad Mahmoud Odeh Abu al-Thahir, were killed at a Nakba Day protest near the Ofer military prison in the occupied West Bank village of Beitunia on 15 May.
Meanwhile, Israeli television has shown the live bullet recovered from the body of Nadim.
The comments, from US State Department spokesperson Jennifer Psaki praising the Israeli army, came as Associated Press journalist Matt Lee pressed them on their earlier call for Israel to investigate the killings.
Lee asked Psaki about Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman's rejection of the US call for an investigation and denigrating comments about Psaki herself.
Psaki responded by backing down from any serious demand for accountability. They said Israel should be in the “lead” on any investigation because the incident occurred “on their soil.”
In fact, the incident occurred in the occupied West Bank which no country recognizes to be part of “Israel” and which is subject to the Fourth Geneva Convention – what Israel does there is an international not an internal matter.
Psaki refused to be drawn on the fact that Israel has a long, well-documented record of granting impunity to personnel who commit crimes against Palestinians.
“I'm not going to make a sweeping comment about that. But obviously, they are in the lead, they should be in the lead, and we support their efforts to investigate.”
Israeli fabrications
Israeli officials have meanwhile reaffirmed their utter contempt for the truth and for the lives of the children their occupation forces so brutally ended.
Haaretz reported that Israeli military sources are now claiming – ludicrously – that “the shots may have been fired by the Palestinian side, rather than by Israeli troops, and senior Israeli officials said a video of the shootings that has that sparked an outcry was likely forged.”
Siam Nuwara says the bullet that killed their son passed through the boy's chest and into their school bag.
Live bullet that passed through Nadim Nuwara's body.
Occupation forces have offered no evidence to support these far-fetched assertions that fly in the face of eyewitness accounts and the images clearly visible on the videos.
Fakher Zayid, the eyewitness whose CCTV security cameras captured the horrifying shootings, told Haaretz that most of the young people on the scene at the time of the shooting were children on their way out of school.
“Most of the people there were school children who had finished their studies and were going toward the Ofer prison,” they said. “I saw [a group of] Israeli soldiers standing by a nearby building, the teenagers were outside of their field of vision. Another squad was standing at a distance of some 250-300 meters from the youths who were throwing stones. [The soldiers were] firing smoke grenades and rubber bullets at them. Despite that, there did not seem to be a full-on, frontal collision between the two groups.” According to Ziad, Muhammad Abu [al-Thahir], 15, and Nadim Nuwara, 17, suddenly fell to the ground after several minutes of shooting by Israeli soldiers. “For several minutes, live bullets were shot individually … I heard at least four shots, three of which hit the youths including the two seen in the videos.” Asked if they saw anyone in the area carrying weapons besides Israeli soldiers, Ziad said no. “Israel can say what it wants, but I am the one who stood here and saw what happened.”
In addition to the two boys killed, another teen and a young man were injured.
Wearing a school bag
Siam Nuwara told Israel's Channel 1 television that their son Nadim was wearing a school bag on their back when they died. They showed Israeli TV reporters the school bag and the live bullet recovered from their son's body.
Nuwara said they were prepared to spend the rest of their life seeking justice for their murdered son.
“You have been negotiating all my life”, cried out 21-year-old Anjali Appadurai from the lectern of a UN climate change conference four years ago. The activist, speaking on behalf of their nation's youth, could have speaking for anyone who has taken a mild interest in more than two decades of international negotiations on climate change and stood aghast as world leaders have failed to protect the most basic of human rights – to exist.
But today, thanks to 886 Dutch citizens who decided to sue their government, all of that may change. We may not have to wait for the politicians to save us – the lawyers may step in instead. In the first successful case of its kind, a judge in the Hague has ruled that the Dutch government's stance on climate change is illegal and has ordered them to take action to cut greenhouse gas emissions by a hefty 25% within five years.
Lawyers say the precedent it sets could trigger similar cases all around the world. Already, in Belgium, 8,000 citizens are preparing for a similar court case, with others pointing to another possible lawsuit in Norway. Although the case is only binding within the Netherlands, lawyers say that it will inspire lawyers and judges considering similar cases in many other countries.
“It is remarkable,” said James Thornton, chief executive of environmental law organisation ClientEarth. “A major sophisticated European court has broken through a political and psychological threshold. For the first time a court has ordered the government to protect its citizens from climate change.”
Thornton says that by using the principles of tort law, the case “returns to the fundamental power of the court to prevent harm – it is of great relevance to courts in other countries – every country in the world has tort law.” Thornton says that many others are currently considering climate litigation cases, including ClientEarth themselves.
In April, a group of prolific judges, advocates and professors launched the Oslo principles on global climate change obligations. Created by a group of prolific judges, advocates and professors, they argue that in failing to introduce adequate policy to tackle climate change, governments have already broken existing human rights, environmental and tort laws, regardless of agreements brokered at the international level.
But does a judge – generally appointed, not elected by citizens – have the right to order a policy change? It is a question that goes back to 1950s America and the fight against segregation in schools. In 1951, parents in the state of Kansas decided to file a lawsuit on behalf of their children. Others elsewhere followed suit and three years later the courts ruled that it was “inherently unequal” and therefore unconstitutional for the state to maintain separate education facilities. It was a major win for the civil rights movement and triggered integration in US schools.
Unfortunately for climate change campaigners in the US, the constitution does not hold the same protections for citizens' environmental rights and it is this separation of powers that has prevented similar cases taking hold in the US, says Michael Gerrard of Columbia Law School.
They point to examples elsewhere where courts have successfully changed policy on environmental issues,such as cases against deforestation in the Philippines and a supreme court ruling in India that paved the way for Delhi's buses to switch from diesel to compressed natural gas (CNG) to cut air pollution.
Nevertheless, they say the victory “will embolden lawyers in other countries, where active judiciaries are willing to issue rulings based on constitutional and human rights doctrines.”
The verdict will likely not only inspire lawyers, but the environmental movement, which is tired after 23 years of international negotiations. The multiple successes of the fossil fuel divestment campaign have provided a new, hopeful narrative of international relevance in recent years – and this court case could do the same.
Like the UK's mass climate change lobby last week, this David and Goliath case shows that the climate change movement is not just made up of lentil-eating, sandal-wearing idealist liberals. All of the plantiffs who successfully sued their government today are Dutch citizens, crowdsourced by Urgenda, the environmental foundation behind the case.
Among this group of entrepreneurs, teachers, students, children and grandparents, are the famous Dutch DJ Gregor Salto, Dutch national weatherman Reinier van den Berg, and the wife of the late Wubbo Ockels, the first Dutch citizen in space. This case hasn't been won by one David, but 886. Let's hope there are many more.
Chickpea Aloo Chaat Bowl. Mint cilantro Potatoes, spiced chickpeas, tamarind date chutney bowl with onions, tomatoes and chaat masala. Papri Aloo Chana Chaat Bowl. Vegan gluten-free soy-free nut-free Recipe
Jump to Recipe
This bowl is deconstructed Papri Chaat. Papdi Chaat or Sev Poori dish contains crackers that are topped with mashed potatoes often flavored with chaat masala + mint, boiled or sprouted chickpeas/brown chickpeas, some chopped onion, tomato, tamarind chutney, mint cilantro chutney, and a sprinkle of Sev (crisp chickpea flour vermicelli noodles). This deconstructed bowl can be served as is like a bowl, or top each cracker with the bowl ingredients as you like.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Chaat is the general term used for a set of Indian snacks which are sometimes like a salad with many chutneys, or fried crackers or samosas etc. “Chaat” basically means “to lick.” So all the dishes that are called chaat (Samosa Chaat, Sev puri chaat etc), will want you to lick up the entire bowl. Most chaat dishes use Chaat masala spice blend, which is a salty-sour mix with ingredients like kala namak, amchoor /amchur , that gets your taste buds to start watering, and induces the sour craving. If you have some chaat masala, use it in this bowl, or lightly sprinkle over chopped fruits, apples, watermelon, cucumbers, carrots, or sprinkle on baked potato chips or fries. If you don't have chaat masala, no fear, the recipe has a quick mix of spices to use for the bowl.
The bowl comes together quickly, if you already have tamarind date chutney or mint cilantro chutney to use. Toss the potatoes in the mint chutney, toss chickpeas in chaat masala. Assemble, drizzle load of tamarind chutney, chopped onion, tomato, other veggies like cucumber if you like and serve. Without the crackers, this recipe is oil-free.
To serve the Chaat way, arrange the crackers on a plate, top each cracker with the potatoes, chickpeas, onions, tomatoes, chutneys and sev.
You can also stuff the bowl ingredients into a wrap/burrito with the chutneys and some greens or lettuce.
More bowls from the blog
Sex in the Animal Kingdom often ain't pretty. Coercion is high up on the menu of sexual activities among ducks, orangutans, and even chimpanzees. One-tenths of animal species indulge in interspecies sex—though usually within the same biological class.
Antarctic fur seals are taking both habits to extremes with another animal—coercing king penguins into sex, as a just-published article in Polar Biology reports (paywall).
The paper's authors document three instances of seal-on-penguin coercion on Marion Island, a small island between South Africa and Antarctica, since 2008, building off a previously documented episode in 2006 (paywall). While all of these attacks resulted in penguin injury, in perhaps the most horrific case, the seal gave up copulating with the penguin after 826 anguishing minutes in order to kill and eat the poor creature. (Fur seals on the island sometimes eat penguins.)
"Multiple occurrences of king penguin (Aptenodytes patagonicus) sexual harassment by Antarctic fur seals (Arctocephalus gazella)," Haddad et al. 2014 One of the attacks.
One possible reason behind the nasty seal deeds is basically that they can't get any action—or, in scientific terms, the “mate deprivation hypothesis.” This theory posits that limited access to females makes coercion more likely. Male fur seals exhibit “gregarious breeding habits” and tend to take multiple female mates—upping the competition for females. Exacerbating this is that male seals tend to hit sexual maturity between the ages of three and four, but aren't usually bulked up enough to defend a harem of females until they reach about eight years old. The recent growth of Marion Island's fur seal population is creating more frustrated young male seals. All of the attackers were young adult males, and all of the attacks took place either on beaches with main seal bachelors or those with only a small female population (the penguin victims, by the way, are of undetermined sex).
"Multiple occurrences of king penguin (Aptenodytes patagonicus) sexual harassment by Antarctic fur seals (Arctocephalus gazella)," Haddad et al. 2014 Two attacks took place at Goodhope Bay, the other two at Trypot and Funk.
Another theory is that this bizarre behavior may have been learned. But learned behavior is typically associated with reward or threat, note the scientists. “What would the value of this learned behavior be to the seal?” they ask. “Is it an opportunity for the seal to practice courtship and copulation behavior prior to defending its own harem for the first time in the next breeding season?” Moreover, it's strange that four adult male fur seals learned this behavior seemingly independently. The attacks took place in 2006, 2008, 2011, and 2012—and only the 2008 and 2012 attacks were in the same place.
Scientists are mostly baffled. Seals are good at picking out what objects are edible and what aren't. So they probably didn't mistake the penguins for quirky-looking female seals.
Another freaky aspect of nature the researchers uncovered is human enthusiasm for seal-on-penguin sexual attack stories; posts about this latest research have gone viral, and the research team's initial 2008 paper whipped up similar media mania. Though at first Nico de Bruyn, one of the lead authors, says they found the world's interest “bewildering,” they now think of it as ”fascinating,” and hopes it drives publicity for the team's primary research on Marion Island seals. “[O]ne always needs a poster child for a greater cause,” says de Bruyn, “and I guess this current media storm can be seen as such.”
The featured image is by Flickr user Liam Quinn (image has been cropped.)
The Unused Substitutes had a chance to speak with new head coach Thomas Rongen during their busy workday trying to build a brand-new Rowdies roster in time for the 2015 season. They touched on scouting local and international soccer talent, their renewed interest in coaching, their time with the American Samoan national team, and eventually building an academy for the Rowdies.
So I was I just want to start off by asking what was your mindset before Farrukh called you up and asked if you'd like to come back to coach in Tampa bay? Were you itching to get back to coaching at the club level after spending so many years in Toronto?
Yes. I always enjoyed being the academy director in Toronto. I enjoyed working and developing young professional players, like I did with US Soccer when I was the head coach of the U-20 team. Making those players more aware both on and off the field what it was like to be a good pro. Preparing them for MLS or Europe. Preparing them or our Olympic team, or senior national team. And it was a similar experience in Toronto, a great academy with great facilities. So that was a really enjoyable experience. Saying that, I did miss the day-to-day training; interacting with players, coaching staff, president, and working towards a common goal. So yeah, I really missed that more than I thought I would, especially after boarding up here for a week and looking at how we want to reshape this team. Talking to the assistant coaches, preparing for preseason, you know those are all things that are very familiar, and very enjoyable. And something that I didn't really know at the time, but I did miss.So I wasn't actively looking. I had a great stint with American Samoa, coaching some World Cup Qualifiers. I did some television work for Fox. I did some different things in the last few years, but this is where I belong to be real honest with you. On a soccer field, in charge of a team enjoying the pressures of winning and losing, and all those things that come with being a head coach.
Have you started going over footage from this past year of the Rowdies and NASL in general? If you have, what's your impression of the quality or type of soccer you've seen so far?
Every year players go to MLS. So this level is pretty darn good in my opinion. I was very fortunate to live in South Florida, so I went to some of the Strikers games. I've seen pretty much every team play, including Tampa last year at Lockhart stadium. I always pay attention to MLS and USL, but in particular the NASL because there's a vicinity there. I even played in the NASL, so I'm familiar with the Rowdies. I'm familiar with the Strikers. I'm familiar with the Cosmos. And it's nice to know that I'm able to work with an organization that has a great tradition, and something that I remember very acutely. I played against Perry Van der Beck and Farrukh, and here they are. And we all are on the same team now, and we used to be enemies. So that's pretty cool.
Have you had a chance to speak with any of the current guys left on the roster yet?
No, we have not. You know, we're in the offseason right now. We will start next week, players that are on the roster, and we'll also reach out to players not on the roster to build our team. So that's still an ongoing process. I'm still going through tape, and I'll watch every game that Tampa has played last year to get a real good feel for the current player that are on the roster. That'll also give me an opportunity to hone my skill in regard to NASL players that are available that we could actually sign. And in between that, I'm travelling Europe and both Central and South America to look at some international players
You've stated in a few interviews that you're interested in tapping into the local college talent pool. What would be your pitch to a college kid coming out to maybe choose NASL over MLS when obviously that hasn't been the tradition?
Right. Well there are some interesting developments within MLS right now. The Collective Bargaining Agreement is going to probably shrink the rosters from 28-30 to maybe 24. Which means there's going to be more college players available, in my opinion, for the NASL. Also, a young player I think needs to look at Can I play day in day out on the highest level? Or am I going to be a player that plays occasionally in a reserve team, occasionally in a USL game? Can I play at the highest level within the United States as a potential starter?' They'll need to put themselves in a shopping window to see if they can get financially rewarded in the NASL, or jump to MLS or Europe. So we can pitch players, especially players that maybe play for the University of South Florida, that have played for youth teams here, that have been born and raised in Tampa. Ones that love to play here, love to here, that are familiar with their surroundings. Obviously they can spend more time with their families. I think those are important qualities of life that we sometimes don't realize are important to players. So we have several things going for us. We have a committed ownership group. So I think we can be fairly competitive in some cases with MLS. We're going to do our due diligence and try to, as I said, get the best available talent, in particular local talent, local products. A guy that's been going to school here for four years or, like I said was born and raised here. Look at Jeff Attinella. Look at Zac McMath. Look at Ben Sweat. There are quite a few guys around that can fit the bill. I'm just using those guys as examples.
Let's talk about filling those international roster spots. I think you guys have 7 international spots afforded to you.
Right.
You've said that Central and South American players are typically the kinds of players that fit your style well. What is it about players from that region that gel so well with your system?
Well you know I've been very fortunate in MLS to coach the Carlos Valderamas of the world, the Marco Etcheverrys, the Jaime Morenos, Paco Palencia, and Raul Ramirez from the Mexican national team. And those players have something special, I think. Something that we don't find with the American players, or the Northern European players. They're creative. They have flair. Those are the kinds of guys that we try to seek obviously. That play maybe a little different brand or style, but also have the combination of being athletic and physically strong. But maybe with a more technical base that allows us to play good possession football, and play an attacking brand of football.
The Cosmos have been creating a lot of buzz in the league with their academy that is set to start up next year. With all your experience working in the youth system, is that a road you'd like to see the Rowdies go down eventually? Obviously something like that takes a lot of planning and investment.
Absolutely. I mean, we would like to develop players for our first team. We would like to develop players to sell them because that's part of your overall business strategy. So that makes sense. Each and every year when you can get two or three players coming out of your academy that can be a part of the first team. That is of the utmost importance. Along with that we have to try to create a culture that we are a family, that people have loyalty towards the club. For that you have to start with 8,9, and 10 year olds eventually, which we will because that's where we want to go. That's where Farrukh and myself ultimately wants to go. The ownership group has also bought into that. It might not happen next year, but it is definitely going to happen sooner than later. We're going to build an academy that we can be proud of, one that will produce some special players.
There's been a lot of publicity around you because of your time with the American Samoa National team. How did your time with that team change your outlook as a coach?
Actually, you know what it did? It rekindled my passion and my love for the game. I returned to the way I was when I started to play and coach, when I really loved it. It had become a job after a while. I was driven more by fear of failure. I left American Samoa with a way more positive and human outlook on the way I need to conduct myself. The way I need to teach my players. The way I need to approach a project, with a level of energy, with a level of passion or love that we all at one point in time have for this game when we start playing it. The Samoan players don't get paid a penny. Samoan players hadn't won a game in 10 years. Samoan players were the worst team in the world and they kept coming back for more for the sole reason that they really love the game. That was very refreshing. We don't see that in modern football very often anymore. It's very cynical. It's money-driven. For me, my time there brought out a side that I had not seen of myself, maybe a lot more human so to speak. I have not lost my drive to be successful or to push a team. I'm still emotional. But I think I'm a more well-rounded coach, and I'll be able to deal with more adversity, and with different personalities a little better going forward.
One last question for you. It's the one everyone would want me to ask. Can you possibly shed some light on when we can expect to see some signings for the club?
We just want to make sure we do the right thing. So we are, with the whole staff, we are doing our due diligence. We are travelling to foreign countries to talk with and to look at players. We are currently looking at players that played in the NASL. We are looking at players that are currently a part of MLS but could be free agents shortly. And we're also obviously looking at philosophically, where we want to take this team. How can we bring in players that can execute the Total Football style of play that we want to see that'll entertain our fans? If we could sign ten tomorrow, we'd do it. We know we're under a little bit of a time constraint, but we're not too worried about that. We're talking to a lot of players' agents. We want to make sure we have a talented group top to bottom that can compete for us and get some results. I think January is probably going to be our busy month in terms of signing players. I would like to think we can sign some players before year's end as well. Currently we have some offers out there. So time will tell.
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Print
Born in Manhattan on Dec. 14, 1899, and named after their great-great grandfather, Eli Whitney, the inventor of the cotton gin, Mr. Debevoise graduated from the Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Conn., in 1917. Shortly after graduation, they enlisted in the Army and eventually attained the rank of second lieutenant.
Mr. Debevoise graduated from Yale University in 1921 and from the Harvard University Law School in 1925. They immediately entered practice in Manhattan in the office of their father and, later, was an associate in a firm headed by John W. Davis, the Democratic candidate for president in 1924.
In 1931, with a total of $2,366 in their account, Mr. Debevoise and William E. Stevenson, both then 31, formed a partnership under the name Debevoise & Stevenson. The firm soon enjoyed success when it was named counsel to the trustee in the bankruptcy proceedings involving the collapsed empire of Ivar Kreuger, the ''Swedish Match King.'' Mr. Kreuger, head of the International Match Company, killed themselves in February 1932, in what was a sensational end to their tangled and well-publicized financial affairs.
A Hunt for Communists
Later, Mr. Debevoise would play a leading role in the firm's representation of Alger Hiss during the former State Department official's two trials for perjury in the post-war hunt for Communists in government. In the early 1950's, Mr. Debevoise served as legal adviser for the Ford Motor Company as it became a public corporation.
During World War II, Mr. Debevoise was chairperson of the Alien Enemy Hearing Board in New York, which ruled on the eligibility of resident aliens to remain in the United States. From 1951 to 1953, besides serving as Deputy High Commissioner for Germany, they were general counsel to the Commission.
Upon their return to the United States, Mr. Debevoise rejoined their firm and served in a variety of public and human rights posts. They were a member of the New York State Special Legislative Committee on Integrity and Ethical Standards in Government, chairperson of the executive committee of Radio Free Europe, chairperson of Governor Rockefeller's Committee to Review New York Laws and Procedures on Human Rights, vice president and chairperson of the International Commission of Jurists and a member of the New York Citizens Committee on Reaportionment.
They were also active in many charities, serving as president of the New York Association for the Blind, chairperson of the Russell Sage Foundation, as a trustee of Rockefeller University and a trustee of the American Geographical Society.
Mr. Debevoise's first marriage to the former Barbara Clay ended in divorce.  They are survived by two children from that marriage, Elizabeth Ann Healy of Manhattan and Thomas M. Debevoise of Woodstock, Vt., as well as five grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Mr. Debevoise's second wife, Agnes Holder Black Debevoise, died in 1989.
On the campaign trail Wednesday, Ted Cruz said this:
Cruz: "We're just steps away from the chisels at Arlington coming out to remove crosses and stars of David from tombstones." — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) January 6, 2016
To which sane people took a deep breath and said, "What the hell, Teddy?" After all, shouldn't they be worrying about the birthers nipping at their heels or something? Do they really imagine the President ordering a bunch of stonemasons out to Arlington to chisel off their religious affiliation from their final resting place?
It's intended to be visceral, but their point wasn't about chiseling gravestones. It was a "what's at stake" comment.
Yes, that's right. Someone with a better chance of becoming President of the United States than you — unless Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump are reading this post — actually said that. America is just “steps” away from defiling the tombs of its honored dead. And how will this happen? Well, because the Supreme Court is so lousy with atheistic liberal wusses, that's how:
Context of that Cruz nightmare of crosses being chiseled off soldiers' tombstones: It could happen if 5 liberals dominate SCOTUS — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) January 6, 2016
On second thought, perhaps Cruz should worry more about those birthers nipping at their heels.
After the Canadian-born lawyer bitched about foreign-born lawyers in their latest ad, this new rant has to make one wonder just how much daylight there is between the Senator and the sovereign citizen whackjob explaining to a federal judge how UN black helicopters mean they shouldn't have to pay their parking tickets.
This country has a lot of problems, but chiseling off religious affiliations at Arlington isn't really one of them.
Driftglass' take is better than anything I could say:
This is my first only one command i hope you enjoy it (; command link
recpies:
HOW TO GET CORN
rename pumpkin seeds to Kernels Seeds
drop it on farmland to grow drop bone meal to grow faster
dont place one next to other
when it is 2blocks tall it will produce corn right click when you see corn head (while you are pointing to block you must be pointing to the armorstand
drop it in cauldron filled with water and have under it fire to get boiled corn that is eatable
boiled corn will give you have so it is so useful
to get rid of corp break the farm land under it
How to eat?
something not working ?
it adds food to minecraftCrafted on wooden presure plat by droping item on groundTurkey:{ beetroot + Roast Chicken + potato + carrot }on wooden pressure plateCheese:{ gold nugget + milk bucket } (no need to be on presureplate) +you will get back the bucket2xBread slice :{ bread + iron sword } +you will get back your the swordBurger :{bread +steak+cheese+baked potato}Taco:{cooked mutton +carrot+baked potato+bread}Ham Cheese Sandwich:{cooked porkchop+ cheese +bread slice}beef sandwich : {steak +bread slice +baked potato +carrot}hold the item on your 9th slot and select itsome food will give you regainto eat turkey only by placing it and break it by handcomment down below!click on the link to get it
On Sunday, September 20, Greece goes to the elections after Tsipras resigned once they had signed up to the austerity programme demanded by the Troika. This provoked a split in their party, SYRIZA, with the left wing breaking away to from the new Popular Unity party led by Lafazanis
We interviewed Panagiotis Kolovos, a leading member of the , which left SYRIZA to co-found the new party, and who is standing in Athens as a candidate in the elections.
Could you describe the mood in Greek society after Tsipras accepted the latest Memorandum?
The mood in Greek society in the week before and the days after the referendum was pre-revolutionary. There was a sharp class polarization, fear on the one side and hope and a militant mood on the other. But just after the acceptance of the new Memorandum, this mood changed quickly. In the most advanced layers there was a feeling that they had been betrayed. Generally there were feelings of disappointment and retreat. The worst thing is that the SYRIZA leadership is responsible for convincing broad layers of the lower layers of society that there is no alternative against the austerity and the Memoranda.
What is the mood among left activists (Syriza and ex-Syriza members, KKE members and left youth)? What is the mood among the youth in general?
The most dominant mood among SYRIZA activists is that of disappointment. They feel they have been betrayed by their leadership. Almost half of the party members have left the party, some of them joining the new coalition of “Popular Unity” (which is based on the Left Platform of SYRIZA, together with smaller tendencies or parts of these from the Left wing of SYRIZA, together with some organizations from ANTARSYA and other smaller left groups). Even those who remain in the Party are disappointed and stay because of the fear that things will be even worse if the right wing takes the government. Those who have left SYRIZA and joined Popular Unity maintain a militant mood, because they have a point of reference and a means for action. Those who didn't are disappointed and have stood back, not participating in the movement for now. KKE members are more confident in their leadership, because they feel that their leaders told the truth and took a clear position. So the betrayal of the SYRIZA leadership has strengthened for a while the authority of the KKE leadership and the ultra-left feelings and attitude of KKE activists. The Youth in general, who voted in the vast majority NO in the Referendum, have a feeling of disappointment and frustration against political parties in general, including the Left ones. Although a large part of them will still vote for the Left (KKE, Popular Unity and also ANTARSYA), an even larger part will not participate in the election at all.
You are standing as a candidate for Popular Unity. Where are you standing? What are the main points in the party programme? And do you think this is enough to solve the crisis?
I am a candidate for the Popular Unity in the area of Athens. The main points of the party programme are: the cancellation of the public debt, the exit of Greece from the Eurozone and a break with the politics of the European Union (and even exit from the EU through a referendum, if needed), the nationalization of the banks under workers' and “people's” control, the cancellation of part of the debt of poor people to the banks, the nationalization of the “strategic sectors” of the economy under workers' and “people's” control, the radical transformation of the state in the direction of democracy and power to the people through a constituent assembly. This programme, although it is better than that of SYRIZA and goes in the right direction, is insufficient. The crisis cannot be solved on the basis of capitalism. We should add to the programme the nationalization of all the big enterprises, under workers' control with the democratic central planning of the economy as a whole. We should also introduce a reduction in working hours until all the unemployed can get a job, which is possible only under a centrally planned economy. We should introduce the expropriation of the propriety of the Church and the very rich, in order to cover the immediate needs of the poor people. We should also introduce changes in the state that would change its nature as a bourgeois state. Such changes should be the abolition of the police to be replaced by the formation of a people's militia, a change in the army structure, with elected officers through soldiers' assemblies that can recall them, the possibility to recall every elected state official and the limitation of the wages of every state official to that of an average worker's wage. That means a planned economy and a workers' state that would begin to establish socialism. We also need to introduce an internationalist slogan in the programme, such as the United Socialist States of Europe to replace the EU, in order to show the way forward to the workers of Europe, because socialism cannot be built solely within the confines of Greece. We can start in Greece, but it must then be spread to the rest of Europe.
What do you think will happen in the election?
In the elections, I think that first of all there will be a high level of abstention. SYRIZA will remain the first party in the big cities and working class areas, but it will lose a significant section of its supporters among the workers and youth. SYRIZA cannot disappear overnight, although the process of its degeneration and decline will be very rapid in the next few months or few years. It is not clear whether SYRIZA or New Democracy will be the first party in general, but there will be a small difference between the two. It is not clear how many parties will enter parliament. The KKE will make small gains, because of the ultra-left tactics of the leadership, and also Popular Unity will not have big support because it is not offering a government solution in the eyes of the masses at this stage. But Popular Unity could get more votes than the KKE, but no more than 10% at this moment. Unfortunately, the fascists of Golden Dawn will retain their support and could also make some gains among the disappointed petit-bourgeois and lumpenproletarian elements that have been let down by SYRIZA. Also maybe some smaller right-wing parties, such as ANEL, Potami and even the Union of Centrists could get into parliament. The next government will most likely be a coalition government, either of SYRIZA with the PASOK and Potami – and even New Democracy if needed – or of New Democracy with some of the other parties (and even SYRIZA). But whoever will be at the centre of the coalition, they will carry out more or less the same programme, and this will be the Memorandum and the policies dictated by the European imperialists.
What do you have to say to workers and youth in Europe?
I would say that they have to study the lessons of Greece. First of all, capitalism is, as Greek workers already understand, and the workers in other European countries are beginning to understand, horror without end. The only possible form of capitalism in the following years is one that imposes austerity, poverty and the elimination of rights for the working class and the lower layers of society. Second, although the capitalists are not strong enough with all their parties, their media and their control of the economy to stop workers and youth from trying to change this situation, they will succeed in maintaining the status quo if the leaders of the working class are not conscious enough and prepared to confront them by all means necessary. If they are not prepared to expropriate them, they will not be able to end austerity together with the capitalist system. So workers and youth in Europe, and first of all, the most conscious elements among them, who participate in or support the Left Parties and Trade Unions, should strive to create such a leadership and have such a programme, that would be up to the situation when time comes in their countries. Only a revolutionary socialist programme and leadership will be up to the task in such times, to take the fight to the very end. Only the ideas of Marxism are sufficient to create such a leadership, party and programme. So build the revolutionary tendency in the Left and the labour movement in your countries! Join the IMT that fights for this cause!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption European Competition Commissioner, Joaquín Almunia: "The airlines concerned had price fixing meetings"
The European Commission has fined 11 airlines almost 800m euros (£690m) for fixing the price of air cargo between 1999 and 2006.
Had the Commission not intervened the "deplorable" cartel "would have continued", said EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia.
The illegal cartel had harmed both companies and consumers, they said.
British Airways was fined 104m euros, Air France-KLM 340m euros and Cargolux Airlines 79.9m euros.
The fines follow lengthy investigations by regulators in Europe, the US and Asia, dating back to 2006.
The EU said that the airlines "co-ordinated their action on surcharges for fuel and security without discounts", between early 1999 and 2006.
"The carriers contacted each other so as to ensure that worldwide air freight carriers imposed a flat rate surcharge per kg for all shipments."
Airline fines
The Commission imposed the biggest fine - 340m euros - on Air France-KLM, which was formed from a merger in 2004 and which now owns Martinair, which was also fined.
"It is deplorable that so many major airlines coordinated their pricing to the detriment of European businesses and European consumers," said Mr Almunia.
"With today's decision the Commission is sending a clear message that it will not tolerate cartel behaviour."
BA said it had already made a £350m provision for any possible fines over the cargo price fixing.
A BA spokesperson said the airline's fine fell "within the provision made by the company in its 2006/7 report and accounts".
The German carrier Lufthansa escaped a fine because it alerted the regulatory authorities to the cartel.
The maximum fine the Commission could have imposed on any single carrier was 10% of their 2009 turnover.
The US Department of Justice has already charged 18 airlines and several executives in its investigation of the cargo cartel and imposed more than $1.6bn (£997m) in fines.
The Commission's decision will have an impact on several pending legal actions by European companies against some of the airlines.
A group of firms, led by the Swedish telecoms group Ericsson and Dutch electronics giant Philips, are suing Air France-KLM and its Martinair subsidiary for 400m euros.
Following Alabama's embarrassing beat down of Notre Dame in the BCS championship game, Fighting Irish coach Brian Kelly knew they needed to make some changes.
So they sought out three-time Super Bowl winning coach Bill Belichick and asked them to evaluate their program, according to Yahoo! Sports' Dan Wetzel.
The coaches met last February while participating in the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am in California. They became fast friends and that's when Kelly submitted their offseason request.
“I asked them if they could spend some time watching games and we could discuss,” Kelly told Yahoo! Sports.
Belichick was all for it.
“I just really enjoy talking football,” Belichick said. “So much goes into the entire process that it's impossible to run out of things to work on – coaching, playing, practice, preparation, scouting, technology, how the whole structure fits together.”
In March, Belichick spent about a day and a half in South Bend, Ind. working with the Irish coaching staff, watching film, asking questions and coaching them on how to coach. Kelly said they didn't know what to expect, but that was partly why they extended the invitation.
Kelly said Belichick was very direct in their observations.
“He would watch a play and say, ‘Why didn't your players adjust to that? Why didn't you let your player make that adjustment? They were in a four technique, an inside shade of the tackle, and you knew it was a boot down and you knew they were going to break contain, why didn't you let a four go to a five?'” Kelly said.
This was a “complete diagnosis” for Notre Dame, and the team embraced the advice. And Belichick reaped benefits, too.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The head of Russia's only state-run Ukrainian library was convicted on Monday of inciting hatred against Russians in a case that they compared to a Stalin-era political show trial.
Former director of Moscow's Library of Ukrainian Literature Natalya Sharina, who is accused of inciting ethnic hatred, attends a court hearing in Moscow, Russia, June 5, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Armed, masked police arrested Natalya Sharina in October 2015, confiscating books that the authorities called illegal anti-Russian propaganda.
The raid followed Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 and an uprising by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, and came at a time when pro-Kremlin politicians were regularly calling Ukraine's leaders fascists.
Sharina, 59, has been held under house arrest and has always denied wrongdoing. Library staff testified in court that they had seen police officers planting the books, an allegation that investigators rejected.
A Moscow judge on Monday dismissed Sharina's arguments and found them guilty of inciting ethnic hatred and of a separate charge of misappropriating funds.
They handed Sharina a four-year suspended prison sentence, against which Sharina said they would appeal. Ivan Pavlov, their lawyer, said they would take the case to the European Court of Human Rights if the appeal was unsuccessful.
Sharina, wearing a white blouse, said they were upset and surprised by the verdict, for which they said there was no evidence.
“The state prosecutor admitted themselves during the proceedings that this was a political case,” Sharina told reporters after the ruling.
“Not one single book featuring on the current list of extremist literature today was present. People will probably recall this in a couple of decades ... in the same way as we remember 1937 (the height of the Stalin-era show trials).”
The British-based human rights group Amnesty International said Sharina's conviction showed “utter contempt for the rule of law” and reflected “the highly charged anti-Ukrainian atmosphere that is prevalent in Russia at the moment”.
Moscow's Library of Ukrainian Literature, which housed a collection of 52,000 books and periodicals, is formally still open, but its shelves have been emptied and its volumes packed up, ready to be merged into another library's collection.
It traces its history back to 1918, reflecting centuries of close cultural ties between Russians and Ukrainians, and has, in various incarnations, weathered a Stalin-era clampdown on Ukrainian literature and the political turmoil of World War Two.
“The library that was founded has in essence been destroyed,” Sharina said.
You will notice that there is some branching going on with the arrows in the diagram. Trust me, you wouldn't be able to even get close to reading it otherwise. Thick lines branch out to thinner ones, and I've had to actually go around the outside of the circle for the smaller paths. I will be the first to admit that this game is just too complicated and you might get lost unless you really squint. By playing this game you agree not to hold me responsible for blindness, seizures, or let's face it, madness.
And now, even worse news: after days and days struggling to come up with a web of valid logic, one which has a potential of over 151.48 QUINTILLION layouts (around three and a half times more complex than a Rubik's cube), and which would include all 300 outcomes (non-tie) in a graphically pleasing cyclical layout, I had to reverse one or two outcomes from previous games. This is a rather hideous offense, but I just didn't have the octillion-sized stamina to help it. For example, with the splitting of HUMAN into MAN AND WOMAN, only WOMAN is beaten ("TEMPTED") by DEVIL now; whereas MAN EXORCISES DEVIL. In other words, DEVIL no longer POSSESSES HUMAN here, unless you'd like to say DEVIL POSSESSES KAREN BLACK (instead of WOMAN), and then it'd work OK. If you find any other discrepancies, let me know.
Anyway, many of the ten new symbols are taken from popular sources. Remember the "NUKE-COCKROACH-FOOT" game from "That '70s Show?" Well, it's in here somewhere, where their "foot" symbol is now simply MAN or WOMAN here. A lot of folks remember the "ROCK-PAPER-SCISSORS-SPOCK- LIZARD" pentavirate found here. Well, with the addition of my ALIEN, and swapping "Lizard" for my similar-looking SNAKE, you'll find most of that game in here too. I even added the much-maligned DYNAMITE gesture. So now you can blow up ROCK and SCISSORS all you like, as long as you don't mind being ENCASED by PAPER, and not being able to "cut wick of" SCISSORS as you might have elsewhere. Also, in deference to the extremely hilarious "Monkey Claw" game played here by a certain infamously overthrown tyrant, I stuck in a claw-gestured MONKEY just for fun (and poop flinging)!
All of these hijinx don't even include the SUN and the MOON, and AXE and BOWL which were supplied by a fan of the site (thanx John!). Each gesture beats out twelve gestures, and is beaten by the remaining twelve. And with that, there is now only a 4% chance of a tie, making this the ultimate decision-making game! Well, aside from flipping a coin, I guess.
UPDATE 6/22/2006: I goofed up last year when determining this chart had 15.5 octillion layouts. After dividing by 25 to get rid of the simply rotated possibilities, and then also by 224 for all the mirror images, and then checking & re-checking, I arrived at a final number equalling a bit over 151 QUINTILLION (that's 151 with 20 zeros) possible ways of putting 25 gestures in a circular layout as shown above. I plan on fixing the poster in my RPS-25 shop to reflect this new number, and hereby offer a refund to any disgruntled customers who already purchased one.
And just for the record, armed with accurate math for a change, I calculated over 4 SEPTQUARDRAGINTILLION possible layouts for a 5,050 outcome
The Verdugo Hills of Peace Pioneer Cemetery, or Verdugo Hills Cemetery, located in Tujunga, Los Angeles, California, opened in 1922[2] and closed in 1976.[3]
History [ edit ]
The Los Angeles Office of Historic Resources describes the four-acre cemetery:[2]
Established by Marshall Valentine Hartranft, who also founded the utopian community of Tujunga, the cemetery reflects the early history of its community and holds the remains of many early Tujunga residents. The site is located on hilly terrain, affording a panoramic view of the San Fernando Valley, and is home to several distinctive types of trees.
By the early 1970s the cemetery had fallen into disrepair, according to the Los Angeles Times, and lost its license in 1976.[3]
Verdugo Hills Cemetery landslide, 1978 [ edit ]
On February 10, 1978, after days of torrential rains, a massive landslide occurred in the San Gabriel Mountains foothills above Tujunga. The result was the unearthing of a large section of the cemetery and corpses being strewn throughout the area. The rain had been pouring into holes made by gophers and saturated the earth. When the slope gave way, rotted caskets broke open and their contents were carried away.
According to Thomas Noguchi's book Coroner, some 100 bodies were sent plunging into homes, businesses and city streets. They even state that one such body was wedged into the entrance of a supermarket. The resulting task of trying to identify the remains and rebury them under their correct markers is documented in the book. When they arrived, bodies were everywhere. Some, they states were "grotesquely standing upright."
The city of Los Angeles repaired the grounds, but heavy rain unearthed more corpses in 1980.[3]
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Woman Charged With Attacking Falmouth Man Wearing MAGA Hat Taken Into ICE CustodyThe woman who was charged with confronting a man wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat inside a Falmouth Mexican restaurant was taken into custody by ICE.
Subaru Recalls More Than 450,000 Vehicles For Airbag ProblemsSubaru has announced a recall of nearly half a million vehicles because of a problem with airbag inflators.
Winter's Last Gasp? Several Storm Chances AheadThe next 7-10 days may end up being the most volatile period of the entire winter season.
Thousands Lose Power As High Winds Drop Trees Across MassachusettsThousands of customers lost electricity Monday as strong wind gusts whipped through Massachusetts pulling down trees and power lines.
Plowable Snow Coming Wednesday Night, Will 'March Madness' Follow?Spring remains on hold with multiple chances for snow.
Study Finds Traces Of Weed Killer In Popular Beers And WinesA new study claims there are traces of weed killer in some beer and wine.
Encore Boston Harbor Casino Hosts Job FairEncore is looking to hire more than 5,000 people.
Aerosmith To Play 4 Shows At MGM Springfield In AugustAerosmith is coming back to Massachusetts this summer for four shows in Springfield.
Joc Pederson is one of baseball's most promising prospects, but he's evidently not exempt from tasks typically assigned to rookies.
A photo surfaced Friday of Pederson, wearing their Los Angeles Dodgers uniform, and a clubhouse attendant fetching coffee and other beverages for their teammates.
Pederson posted the photo on their Instagram account prior to the Dodgers' game Friday against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. The rookie outfielder wrote "Made a Starbucks run for the team" in the caption next to the photo.
Pederson, the Dodgers' top position prospect, has appeared in 13 games since being promoted to the majors earlier this month, going 3-for-20.
Pederson was named the Pacific Coast League's MVP last month after batting .303 with 33 home runs, 78 RBIs, 106 runs scored and 30 stolen bases for the Dodgers' Triple-A Albuquerque affiliate this season. They became the first Pacific Coast League player to record at least 30 homers and 30 steals in the same season since 1934.
The 22-year-old Pederson was rated as baseball's No. 21 overall prospect earlier this year by ESPN Insider Keith Law.
Curfews were imposed in more than 40 villages in the southeastern province of Diyarbakir early on Tuesday as part of a security operation against the Kurdish Workers' Party, or PKK, Turkish officials said.
The curfews in 43 villages in Lice, Hani, Kocakoy and Dicle districts started at 7am local time (04:00 GMT), and will remain in place until further notice, according to a statement by the government office.
Security forces will conduct an operation in the rural areas to "neutralise" PKK fighters including "senior members and their collaborators operating in the region", the statement said.
The operation also aims to destroy PKK bunkers, arms depots, and anti-aircraft gun emplacements, as well as to seize weapons and ammunition.
READ MORE: Turkey - Hundreds detained over alleged links to PKK
More than 1,200 people, including security forces and civilians, have been killed since the PKK resumed its decades-old armed campaign in July 2015, when a ceasefire between the PKK and the state broke down.
The PKK has been designated a "terrorist" group by Turkey, the European Union and the US.
In February this year, Turkish police detained more than 800 people over alleged links to Kurdish fighters in nationwide operations, according to state media.
The PKK, which was formed in the late 1970s, has been calling for an independent Kurdish state within Turkey. It launched an armed struggle against the Turkish state in 1984 and more than 40,000 people have since been killed in the conflict.
At E3, Nintendo mercilessly mocked the idea of wearing glasses to experience 3D. The company's newest handheld, the 3DS, gives you a brilliant 3D effect without requiring expensive or annoying glasses, and Nintendo seemed happy to point out that advantage. It didn't help that the gathered press and bloggers left Nintendo's event to go straight to Sony's press conference... where we were handed 3D glasses upon entrance. Ouch.
Sony has responded to Nintendo's dismissive tone, and the company seems oddly hurt by the attacks.
"I have hope that they have a broader perspective with 3D," Sony's Worldwide Studios Shuhei Yoshida told IGN. "When you listen to what they are saying about the effect of 3D perspective to the games, they are saying the same message we are, but they don't have to bash some small part of what the other company is doing."
It's a defensive tone, but make no mistake: the glasses are not a small part of what Sony is doing, if E3 is any indication. The 3D gameplay of Killzone 3, with the audience wearing those infernal glasses, was a centerpiece of the company's presentation. Gran Turismo 5 was shown in 3D, and many of the demos on the show floor used both 3D and the PlayStation Move to great effect.
Sony is pushing 3D in a big way, and right now the technology it uses requires glasses. That isn't going to change any time soon.
Nintendo's advantage
Nintendo sells video games and video game hardware. Outside of keeping their Hanafuda card production going for the sake of history, that's all they do. To put it lightly, they are very, very good at it. Nintendo attacks every problem by looking at what is cost effective for both the company and consumer, and then it looks at how technology will enhance the games. It's a focused, profitable, tight business.
Sony works differently. Count how many businesses it's juggling: televisions, audio equipment, cameras, movies, music, video games... the list goes on. Sony isn't backing 3D with all it has because it's the best thing for games; it's pushing the technology so the other parts of the company can sell you a new television, extra glasses, and Sony films in 3D on Blu-ray.
3D becoming an accepted way to consume content at home will help nearly every one of Sony's core businesses, and the company sees gaming as a way to help that happen.
"I think as an industry we should preach this new perspective, from a very large cinema screen to a small portable, because that helps to advance the games and the game industry," Yoshida continued. "We'd like to work together to promote 3D."
But Nintendo doesn't really care about 3D as something that is permanent or even necessary for gaming; it is simply technology that works for the next generation of their portable gaming systems. It's attractive because Nintendo has a standard for its 3D: every system will have the same size screen and use the same technology, and the cost to the consumer shouldn't be much more than a standard DS.
Sony, on the other hand, wants you to buy a costly new television—although prices are sure to come down—and every member of your family will of course need glasses to realize the effect. Nintendo's solution is self-contained, universal, and should be inexpensive. Sony's requires peripherals, will support different screens with evolving technology, and requires a significant investment.
Sony makes the mistake of assuming that Nintendo is interested in 3D when Nintendo is only interested in the 3DS.
We polled our readers in January about their own plans for 3D, and only 8 percent were looking forward to buying a 3D display. Sixty-six percent said that they would get 3D when it came free with their televisions. Sony hopes that by leveraging the full force of its different content divisions, it can bring those numbers up. Nintendo, on the other hand, wants to sell you one sub-$200 piece of hardware and then a truckload of games.
It's a piece of hardware, it should be noted, that enjoyed a three-hour wait and crushing lines at E3... exactly the experience the now-legendary Nintendo Wii found during its first E3. In the next few years, which technology do you think will find more general-interest welcome?
How can you improve your understanding of Islam and its most important holy text, the Quran? How can you make sense of a tradition and a text that have been interpreted in different ways across vast geographical spaces for nearly a millennium and a half?
Using a multimedia and student-centered approach, this religion course provides tools and perspectives for understanding the role of the Quran in the Islamic tradition. Learners will develop the skills and context to read the text themselves, while also being introduced to some of the issues classical and contemporary interpreters have addressed. This approach enables learners to explore the influence of the Quran on diverse Muslim understandings of Islam.
No previous knowledge of Islam or Religious Studies is required.
This course is part of the World Religions Through Their Scriptures XSeries Program.It is a 4 week long course with a 3-5 hours lecture Per Week.
What you'll learn
Around midnight on Thursday night, the crowd swells at the Chennai Central railway stationmen, women and children, the young and the agedall waiting to catch the first train home. They clutch their belongings close, their kin closer.
They have come from all parts of south India. A huge number from Chennai and from Madurai, scores from Tiruppur and from Bangalore. It's an exodus by people mostly, though not exclusively, from Assam, frightened by incessant rumours about an imminent attack as retaliation for the clash between Bodos and Muslims in Assam last month.
Over the last few years, labourers from the Northeast have been vital cogs in the giant machine that is Chennai's service industry. They work as security personnel, manning ATMs, offices and residential complexes; cook at dozens of restaurants across Chennai and other cities; work in saloons or as labourers in big-ticket projects, including the multi-crore Chennai Metrorail; and do other skilled and semi-skilled work.
But that was yesterday. Now, rumours that warned of an attack on people from the Northeast have triggered panic among them, prompting many to undertake the gruelling journey of over 50 hours to reach their homes.
***
Platform No. 11 of Chennai Central is full. Several people had tried boarding trains from the nearby Chennai Egmore station but only a few succeeded. The rest had come over to Chennai Central.
The crowds have taken everybody at the station by surprise. Even experienced hands like Railway Protection Force Inspector S Jothi, who has been working with the railways for about a decade and a half, admits they have never seen anything like this. As the crowd swells, the officials grow nervous.
Barricades and ropes are put in place to prevent the impatient crowd from rushing to the train. RPF personnel, along with those from the state force, soon bring about some order. Women and children and those travelling as family are given priority and taken to the head of the line. After that, the single men are made to fall in a line.
But the wait continues as the train is nowhere in sight. It's a special train from Bangalore which was to reach Chennai Central by 2 a.m. Every now and then, the crowd jumps to its feet in anticipation. For every one person who gets up, at least two or three follows, only to be pushed back by the police officers. Every once in a while, the order threatens to break into a chaos.
Finally at 3 a.m., the Bangalore-Chennai-Guwahati Special pulls into the platform, crammed with people who had boarded from Bangalore. Two additional coaches are tagged on to the train, but that's not enough for the crowd on the platform. Which means, not everyone gets on to the first train. Officials say only about 700 people were allowed to board the train from Chennai.
***
Jaya is lucky to have got a seat on the train, but restlessly scans the crowded platform. Them 16-year-old son Biswajit was separated from them and was left behind with their friends at the station. "Do you know anyone in the next train or the one after that so that we can track them down," they ask. They can't reach them on their phone. "We are planning to get down at Guwahati and take a bus to my village. But I am afraid my son might get down with their friends at some other station after which it would be very difficult for them to reach us," they say.
The travails of the journey were clear even before the train left the station. After the women, children and families were taken on board, it was the turn of the young men to file in. The seats were filled first, then the top berth, then the floor, doorways and even the toilets. Some enterprising passengers even fashioned hammocks out of their bedsheets and slept in them.
A few minutes later, the train pulls out, leaving Chennai Central and several desperate faces behind on Platform No 11. The train doesn't halt at too many stations and when it does, only for a few minutes. There are no refreshments and the taps at stations are already running dry.
It's easy for crowds to turn chaotic, but these are unusual times. As they sit close to one another, they share an easy camaraderie. There are no arguments, and no displeasure felt or expressed even though one person's elbow ends where their neighbour's eye begins. Some among the younger ones listen to music and watch songs and films on their mobiles phones. They play games and click pictures. But most of them are too exhausted to keep their eyes open for long.
Babu Gogoi is from Assam's Bongaigaon district. They had been in Chennai for over a year after getting a job in the manufacturing facility of a multinational dental care company near Chennai. This is their first trip home, very unlike what they had imagined their first journey back home would be. "There was no problem in Chennai, but my family insisted that I return. They were worried about my safety. I will return after a month or so. At least that is the plan now," they say.
The passengers speak about the string of rumours about an imminent attack on Assamese people. "It started off in Bangalore over SMSes and rumours that spread fast, but now there are talks about possible attacks in Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu around Eid on Monday. We are confident about the situation in the state, but for our family members who live hundreds of kilometres away, any rumour causes great concern," says Mohan Bohra, an Assamese who works as a security guard at an IT company in Chennai.
Nishant Gogoi says that when they heard that a fellow Assamese in Bangalore had been attacked, they decided to pack their bags. "The construction company I work for and all the people I know in Chennai have assured me that I won't face any problem. But honestly, I feel no one can ensure my safety if something untoward were to break out in Chennai. It is better to return after the tensions have completely subsided," they say.
Dharam Singh, an assistant manager at a restaurant in Bangalore, says it's a dangerous situation since anyone who "looks Northeastern" can be targeted. Singh is a Nepali whose father served in the Indian Army and whose brother is now a commando with the Nepal Army. Last week, a Tibetan boy was killed in Mysore in an incident suspected to be related to the recent attacks.
"I have spent half my life in Bangalore and am not worried, but my family is. Every day, they would worry until I reached home from work, which is usually around midnight. So finally, I decided to leave my wife and children back at their home in Darjeeling. I'll bring them back when things stabilise a bit. I will drop them and probably return after a week or so," they say.
Not everyone is sure of when they will return. Jitender says they want to work on their fields back home and Arup Deore who worked in Puducherry says they want to stay back home for a while. But many others dream of returning to jobs that earn them anything between Rs 5,000 and Rs 11,000 a month.
As the train approaches various stations, the passengers grow anxious. Stories about Assamese being attacked in Andhra Pradesh do the rounds. Then the train pulls in at Visakhapatnam. There is much noise at the platform as cadres of the Sangh ParivarABVP, BMS, Vanavasi Kalyan Ashram and othersraise slogans in support of the passengers.
While the Parivar cadres were barred from crossing the barricade at Chennai Central, there is no such restriction at Visakhapatnam. Slogans, including Vande Mataram, rent the air while the saffron flag-bearing cadres distribute water and snacks amongst the passengers. Few others are tasked with pasting stickers that read, "We vow to protect our brethren of North East"; "North East brothers and sisters, we are with you in this difficult situation".
The welcome brings a brief cheer to many among the passengers, but the journey is not even half way done though it's been over 20 hours since the train left Bangalore station on Thursday at 8 p.m. The comforts of home and family are still hundreds of unforgiving miles away.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Puritan theologian William Perkins wrote that preaching “has four great principles: to read the text distinctly, from canonical Scripture; to give it sense and understanding according to the Scripture itself; to collect a few profitable points of doctrine out of its natural sense; and to apply, if you have the gift, the doctrines to the life and manner of men in a simple and plain speech.”
There is something refreshingly simple about that description. Our aim as preachers is not to be the most erudite scholar of the age. Our aim is not to titillate and amuse. Our aim is not to build a big church.
Our aim is to take the sacred text, explain what it means, tie it to other scriptures so people can see the whole a little better, and apply it to life so it bites and heals, instructs, and edifies. What better way to accomplish this end than through expository preaching?
Benefits of Exposition
Some use the category “expository preaching” for all preaching that is faithful to Scripture. I distinguish expository preaching from topical preaching, textual preaching, and others, for the expository sermon must be controlled by a Scripture text or texts. Expository preaching emerges directly and demonstrably from a passage or passages of Scripture.
There are a number of reasons why expository preaching deserves to be our primary method of proclamation.
1. It is the method least likely to stray from Scripture. If you are preaching on what the Bible says about self-esteem, for example, undoubtedly you can find some useful insights. But even when you say entirely true things, you will likely abstract them from the Bible's central story line. Expository preaching keeps you to the main thing.
2. It teaches people how to read their Bibles. Especially if you're preaching a long passage, expository preaching teaches people how to think through a passage, how to understand and apply God's Word to their lives.
3. It gives confidence to the preacher and authorizes the sermon. If you are faithful to the text, you are certain your message is God's message. Regardless of what is going on in the church—whether it is growing or whether people like you—you know you are proclaiming God's truth. That is wonderfully freeing.
4. It meets the need for relevance without letting the clamor for relevance dictate the message. All true preaching is properly applied. That is of extraordinary importance in our generation. But expository preaching keeps the eternal central to the discussion.
5. It forces the preacher to handle the tough questions. You start working through text after text, and soon you hit passages on divorce, on homosexuality, on women in ministry, and you have to deal with the text.
6. It enables the preacher to expound systematically the whole counsel of God. In the last 15 years of their life, John Calvin expounded Genesis, Deuteronomy, Judges, Job, some psalms, 1 and 2 Samuel, 1 Kings, the major and minor prophets, the Gospels in a harmony, Acts, 1 and 2 Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians, 1 and 2 Thessalonians, and the pastoral epistles. I'm not suggesting we organize ourselves exactly the same way. But if we are to preach the whole counsel of God, we must teach the whole Bible. Other sermonic structures have their merits, but none offers our congregations more, week after week, than careful, faithful exposition of the Word of God.
Editors' Note: This article originally appeared in the summer 1996 issue of Leadership Journal. You can access hundreds of Carson articles, lectures, and sermons in the TGC Resource Database.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A number of photos showing mysterious jelly-like creatures that recently washed up on the sand in Huntington Beach have prompted rampant speculation on social media.
One Facebook user, Ryan Rustan, wrote that they were walking on the shoreline Monday night when they felt "little water balloons popping under my feet, super squishy."
They said looked down and was unsure what exactly they had stepped on.
"Couldn't tell if they were jellyfish or eggs but there are thousands up and down the beach," Rustan wrote on Facebook, sharing the post to the Huntington Beach Community Forum group.
Rustan told KTLA they saw the creatures near 10th Street and Pacific Coast Highway, on the north side of the Huntington Beach Pier, but said they were "all over" the beach.
Dan Coursey, who also posted pictures of the jelly-like pods to the same Facebook group, wrote that the creatures burrowed in the sand.
They were walking down the beach Monday when they spotted hundreds, if not thousands of the creatures. They told KTLA he's been walking on the beach for decades and had never seen anything like it.
“It feels like Jello,” Coursey said described, holding one in their hand. “If you were a little kid, you'd love to have something like this so you can drop down your sister's shirt.”
Both posts prompted a number of comments about what the mysterious creatures are, with guesses ranging from baby jellyfish to burrowing sea cucumbers. A number of commenters believe they are salps, which are a type of invertebrate marine animal.
Some simply called them "creepy sea creatures," while others speculated they were alien life forms.
Christopher G. Lowe, a marine biology professor at Cal State Long Beach who is the director of the university's shark lab, told KTLA that the the school's resident invertebrate expert says they are sea cucumbers.
Huntington Marine Safety Lt. Claude Panis, who has worked for the lifeguard department for nearly 40 years, told the Orange County Register they were unsure what the jelly creatures were; however, they said it was possible they were a lingering effect of last winter's El Niño.
“There are all kinds of weird things happening,” Panis told the newspaper, noting that was not the only unusual occurrence in the Huntington Beach area.
In addition, a number of stingrays have been spotted uncommonly close to shore.
“It's just strange," Panis said.
KTLA's Jennifer Thang and Cindy Von Quednow contributed to this story.
Lieutenant Arex was a male Edosian Starfleet officer who lived during the mid-23rd century. They served in the command division aboard the USS Enterprise under Captain James T. Kirk, during its historic five-year mission that starship undertook. From 2269 to 2270, Arex served as one of the ship's primary navigators.
While under the influence of Harry Mudd's love potion, Arex sat at the navigator's station playing a lute, instead of attending to their duties. (TAS: "Mudd's Passion")
Upon the Enterprise's encounter with spiroid epsilon waves, they were momentarily blinded, but suffered no permanent vision damage. Later, they reported that they could no longer perform visual sweeps, as their eyes were too small for the opticals. (TAS: "The Terratin Incident")
They were given to conn following Lieutenant Nyota Uhura's disappearance of the Shore Leave Planet. (TAS: "Once Upon a Planet")
When Commander Spock was incapacitated by choriocytosis, Arex assumed their duties at the Enterprise's science station in 2270. (TAS: "The Pirates of Orion")
While the rest of the command crew was having a staff lunch, Arex was temporarily in command of the Enterprise. They later took their lunch break with M'Ress, asking Mister Scott if they wanted to join them. Shortly after, Scott blamed them for the malfunctioning food dispensers and threatened to report them to the captain, but Arex maintained their innocence. (TAS: "The Practical Joker")
When the Enterprise entered a negative universe in 2270, Arex began to grow younger, eventually becoming a child. Their condition was reversed by Dr. McCoy using the ship's transporter. (TAS: "The Counter-Clock Incident")
Contents show]
Appendices Edit
Appearances Edit
Background information Edit
Including Arex in The Animated Series accomplished two goals: it provided variety with yet another "alien" crew-member that an animated series could afford, and it replaced Pavel Chekov without employing an additional actor.
Although Arex is clearly shown to be a navigator, the final draft script of "Mudd's Passion" refers to them as "the alternate helmsman". In the same script, Arex is also described as "male, but their voice has a soft, musical tone...on the tenor side."
The voice of Arex file info was provided by James Doohan.
According to StarTrek.com, [1] Arex was Pavel Chekov's navigation instructor at Starfleet Academy. This information comes from a 1973 newsletter by Gene Roddenberry and D.C. Fontana, which described the Animated Series in general, and gave detailed bios of Arex and M'Ress. It also states Arex is a veteran and known as the best navigator in Starfleet. They began their career as a technician serving on merchant vessels, and not going through Starfleet Academy, they became an officer via "field commission". "While Arex appears to be a quiet, efficient, junior officer, Captain Kirk knows the Lieutenant is entitled to wear three decorations for bravery and has a Starfleet Citation for Conspicuous Valor. Arex themselves would never mention them." [2]
Apocrypha Edit
Arex appeared briefly in the novels The Galactic Whirlpool, Time for Yesterday, The Fire and the Rose and the graphic novel version of The Ashes of Eden. They made several appearances in the first volume of DC's Star Trek comics, which were set after Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
They have become a minor character in the Star Trek: New Frontier series, where they serve as a security officer on the Trident under Captain Shelby. In these novels, their full name is given as "Arex Na Eth".
Arex' homeworld Edos was first mentioned in Lincoln Enterprises publicity material in 1974. Arex is referred to as an "Edoan" in Alan Dean Foster's Star Trek Log series of novelizations. According to the Star Trek: New Frontier novels, Arex is described as a Triexian. The Latter Fire also corroborates this.
Arex's biography on StarTrek.com describes them as an only child, but the novel Cold Wars describes them as part of a very large family with eleven brothers and thirteen sisters.
In IDW Publishing's comics, Arex is telepathic.
One Washington state couple is happy to have their missing garden gnome back after it returned with vacation pictures.They say the gnome disappeared off their front porch in Snoqualmie one day in August.The couple figured the gnome was gone for good, until Tuesday.The gnome was sitting on the porch with no note or explanation, just an envelope stuffed with photos.Inside the envelope were 49 photos taken from Oregon to Texas, with stops in Nevada, Oklahoma, and more.In one photo, the gnome is perched upon the entrance to the Grand Canyon.In another, the presidents at Mount Rushmore are looking down upon the gnome.One picture shows the gnome in the hands of a giant dinosaur.The couple says they're keeping the gnome on the porch during the day but bringing them in at night.
Supporters of same-sex marriage gather in Freedom Plaza in Wilmington, Del., for a news conference April 11. (Photo11: Kyle Grantham, AP) Story Highlights The new law will go into effect July 1
It was passed in the Delaware House two weeks ago
Existing civil unions will be converted to marriages
WILMINGTON, Del. -- Delaware became the 11th state to legalize same-sex marriage after a lengthy debate Tuesday in the state Senate and the surprise votes of two lawmakers.
A half hour after the 12-9 Senate vote, Gov. Jack Markell signed the legislation into law on the main stairs in the lobby of Legislative Hall.
Democratic Sen. Bethany Hall-Long and Republican Sen. Catherine Cloutier provided the swing votes in favor of the legislation. Cloutier was the lone Republican yes vote in the Senate and one of two in the General Assembly as a whole.
According to the bill, Delawareans will be able to enter into same-sex marriages effective July 1. The law provides a mechanism for converting existing same-sex civil unions established in Delaware to marriages.
"I think this is the right thing for Delaware," Markell said after the vote, while posing for pictures with supporters outside their legislative office. "It took an incredible team effort."
Gay rights activists and their supporters in the chamber erupted in cheers after the Senate vote.
Delaware's same-sex marriage bill was introduced in the Democrat-controlled Legislature last month, barely a year after the state began recognizing same-sex civil unions. The bill won passage two weeks ago in the state House on a 23-18 vote.
While it doesn't give same-sex couples any more rights or benefits under Delaware law than those they already have in civil unions, supporters argued same-sex couples deserve the dignity and respect of married couples. They also noted that if the U.S. Supreme Court strikes down the federal Defense of Marriage Act, which bars married gay couples from receiving federal benefits, civil unions would not provide protections or tax benefits under federal law to same-sex couples in Delaware.
Opponents, including scores of conservative religious leaders from across the state, argued same-sex marriage redefines and destroys a centuries-old institution that is a building block of society.
Under the bill, no new civil unions will be performed in Delaware after July 1, and existing civil unions will be converted to marriages over the next year. The legislation also states that same-sex unions established in other states will be treated the same as marriages under Delaware law.
The bill does not force clerics to perform same-sex marriages that conflict with their religious beliefs. But under an existing Delaware law banning discrimination based on sexual orientation, business owners who refuse to provide marriage-related services to same-sex couples for reasons of conscience could be subject to discrimination claims.
Delaware joins neighboring Maryland and the nearby District of Columbia as jurisdictions that have approved gay marriage. Last week, Rhode Island became the 10th state to allow gay and lesbian couples to wed, with independent Gov. Lincoln Chafee signing the bill an hour after its final passage.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/141T0TS
It's been just over two years since New Horizons buzzed by Pluto, giving us our first close-up look at the dwarf planet's surface. Now, astronomers have finally assigned the first official names to more than a dozen geological features on this frosty world.
The naming process for objects in space is a complex. The group who discovered the object is bestowed the honor of giving it a name, which then undergoes a series of checks that ensures the final moniker is not offensive, repetitive or overly-silly. This lengthy process, which is regulated by the International Astronomical Union (IAU), is why names for Pluto's features are only just now getting approved. The 14 names released this week all fall under the themes drawn up by the IAU for each celestial body and surface feature type, reports Rae Paoletta for Gizmodo.
Keeping with its namesake, the ancient god of the underworld, most of Pluto's features are named after dark mythological and folk figures and places. For example, the name of a deep depression is Adlivun Cavus, after the underworld in Inuit mythology, while the ridge Tartarus Dorsa is named for the deep prison abyss in the Greek underworld. Other names are more heroic, such as Sleipnir Fossa, the eight-legged horse that the god Odin rode into the underworld in Norse mythology, or Virgil Fossae, named after the poet Virgil who guided Dante into the underworld in the Divine Comedy.
Real heroes and people are also honored in this initial list, reports Ian Sample for the Guardian. The heart-shaped Tombaugh Regio recognizes Clyde Tombaugh, who discovered Pluto in 1930, while the name Burney crater highlights Venetia Burney, the then 11-year-old girl who suggested the new discovery's name to Tombaugh in a letter.
The late MIT astronomer James Elliot, who helped discover Pluto's atmosphere, also gets a crater named for them (Elliot crater), while legendary Arab geographer Ash-Sharif al-Idrisi's surname graces a Plutonian mountain range (Al-Idrisi Montes). And the first pair of men to summit Mount Everest, Tenzing Norgay and Sir Edmund Hillary, fittingly get their own mountain ranges (Tenzing Montes and Hillary Montes).
Heroic spacecraft are also honored with their own features, including the "Voyager Terra," the "Sputnik Planitia" and the "Hayabusa Terra."
Some of these names were drawn from a public contest in 2015, while others were suggested and informally used by the team operating New Horizons. More names will be suggested by the team for approval in the future as they scrutinize the mass amount of data collected by the craft.
"These names highlight the importance of pushing to the frontiers of discovery," Rita Schulz, chair of the IAU Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature, says in a statement.
Controversial jacket-holding author Orson Scott Card has finally commented on the proposed boycott of ENDER'S GAME, the tentpole SF movie based on their work launching this fall.
Card has been on the hot seat over their 2008 comments opposing gay marriage, and their involvement as a board member for the National Organization for Marriage, which actively worked against marriage equality. Earlier this year, a proposed Superman digital comic story written by Card ignited a firestorm of internet protest, and artist Chris Sprouse eventually withdrew, putting the story on indefinite hold.
With ENDER'S GAME opening in November, an even huger firestorm is poised to sweep over land and sea, with a call for a boycott by LGBT nerd group Geeks Out already out there. In an attempt to defuse the situation, Card, who had been silent until now, released a statement to EW:
Ender's Game is set more than a century in the future and has nothing to do with political issues that did not exist when the book was written in 1984. With the recent Supreme Court ruling, the gay marriage issue becomes moot. The Full Faith and Credit clause of the Constitution will, sooner or later, give legal force in every state to any marriage contract recognized by any other state. Now it will be interesting to see whether the victorious proponents of gay marriage will show tolerance toward those who disagreed with them when the issue was still in dispute. Orson Scott Card
Okay so you guys won, so leave me alone to live my life and make millions from a movie.
So tolerance on speaking out is good but tolerance on allowing people to enjoy the legal benefits of life partnership wasn't. Until the courts said it was okay.
Card is being kept away from the Comic-Con panels for Ender's Game and probably won't do any promotion for the film. While many still love Ender's Game, and say the message is a more uplifting one, I doubt this statement will do much to encourage those planning to boycott to see the movie.
Heidi MacDonald is the founder and editor-in-chief of The Beat. In the past, they worked for Disney, DC Comics, Fox and Publishers Weekly. They can be heard regularly on the More To Come Podcast. They like coffee, cats and noble struggle.
Like this: Like Loading...
(AP Photo/Allen G. Breed) Julie Banner, right, chats with Rebekah Lowe outside the state unemployment office in Cary, North Carolina, on Thursday, Jan. 8, 2009.
This article and accompanying interactive chart were first published at the website of the Economic Policy Institute.
Unemployment insurance (UI) is a vital part of America's social safety net, providing benefits to eligible workers who have lost a job through no fault of their own. The system is jointly funded by federal and state payroll taxes, but within broad guidelines from the Department of Labor, states have considerable flexibility in deciding benefit eligibility, how much and for how long beneficiaries are paid, as well as the tax structure for funding the state portion of the program. While most states offer a maximum of twenty-six weeks of UI benefits, the historic magnitude and duration of unemployment brought on by the Great Recession prompted Congress to implement federal extensions of unemployment benefits, totaling as much as ninety-nine weeks.
A full six months before Congress allowed these federal UI extensions to expire (in December 2013), the state of North Carolina disqualified its unemployed workers from receiving federal UI extensions by simultaneously cutting duration from twenty-six to nineteen weeks and cutting the amount of weekly benefits (without receiving a waiver from the federal government). The justification for this decision was that by making UI benefits less generous, unemployed workers would have more incentive to take available jobs, and employment levels in the state would rise. If North Carolina's drastic cuts in UI benefits were an effective policy tool for increasing employment, we would expect to see a very different employment trajectory in North Carolina consistent with the timing of the policy change as compared with nearby states likely experiencing similar macroeconomic conditions.
The graph above shows the month-by-month prime-age employment-to-population ratio (EPOP), which is the percentage of the working age population that is employed, for North Carolina and five nearby southern states, from the start of 2012 through the end of 2013. The prime-age EPOP excludes people who are younger than 25 or older than 54, so it is less likely to be affected by people who voluntarily choose not to work because they are enrolled in school or retired.
As the graph shows, North Carolina's prime-age EPOP began rising rapidly in the months prior to the duration cutback, began falling steadily just two months after the duration cutback, and differed very little in behavior after the cutback from prime-age EPOPs in surrounding states. This outcome provides little reason to believe that North Carolina's cuts fundamentally improved the labor market in the state.
In the 1980 photo is a shaggy-haired John McFadden Jr., 13, on their tiptoes at the very back, the most junior employee here that day, raising their cherubic face to the camera to be included among their co-workers. Now Mr. McFadden is 50, and one of the shop's owners. In 1955, their father had stumbled into Staubitz as a 19-year-old looking for the unemployment office. The elder Mr. McFadden managed to impress Martin Lang, the store's second owner, who had bought the shop from the founder, John Staubitz. Mr. Lang hired Mr. McFadden and, in 1967 sold the shop to him. Mr. McFadden has now owned the shop for about 50 years. Father and son operate it together, in very much the same manner it has been run for a century.
Here there are no trappings, no sandwiches or prepared foods, no fair-trade coffee percolating or craft beer chilling — items that have become commonplace at some trendy specialty shops and other old-school butchers. There's a lowboy display case with some frozen items, and the meager shelf space is stocked with jars and cans, but there's only one reason shoppers visit Staubitz Market: meat.
144 Shares 0
144
0
0
LaVoy Finicum, just days before days, in their family's words, they were “gunned down by their own government without due process.”
STATEMENT FROM THE LAVOY FINICUM FAMILY 1-29-2016.
We know that there are always at least two sides to every story. We also know and recognize that the FBI and law enforcement agencies involved will do everything in their power to make it appear as if the needless death of our husband, father, grandfather, brother and son, LaVoy Finicum, was justified.
Like almost everyone else, we were not there, so we don't know exactly what happened. Like most others, we have no choice but to rely on other sources of information. One of those sources of information is the account of Victoria Sharp. Another piece of information is the video recently released by the FBI, along with the FBI's chosen narrative of what happened. In response to this information, we would like to make a few observations.
The first observation is that from what we understand, the occupation was on track toward a peaceful resolution. LaVoy and those they were with were en route to a public meeting in an adjoining county when they were stopped in something far different than a “routine traffic stop,” as has been portrayed by the media. Unfortunately, the powers that be been not interested in being patient enough for the occupation to come to a peaceful end. Some had called for LaVoy and those they were with to simply be gunned down, just as they are, with no due process. Oregon Governor, Kate Brown, was putting pressure on the FBI to end it sooner rather than later. The Harney County Sheriff's Department working in conjunction with the FBI tried to do everything they could to emphasize how disruptive the occupation was to the local community, when in reality it appears to have been their own reaction that was causing most of the disruption. And it was the FBI that chose to escalate the situation to force a confrontation, and violent ending.
With respect to the actual facts and circumstances surrounding LaVoy's death, the video really speaks for itself. People will interpret it according to their own views. As the FBI's own narrative stated, LaVoy was not wielding a firearm or any other weapon when they were killed. Their hands were obviously in the air. Knowing LaVoy, it is our view that they were moving away from the vehicle in an attempt to draw any hostility or violence away from the others.
Unfortunately, we don't know what they were saying, and what was being said to him. They appear to have been gesturing, or trying to keep their balance while moving in the deep snow.
Although they may have been animated, they do not appear to have been threatening or posing any real threat or danger to anyone. The FBI claims that LaVoy had a loaded firearm in an inside pocket of their coat. After rereviewing the extended video, at this point we are not accepting at face value the FBI's statement that LaVoy was actually armed. But even if they are, as far as we can see, that firearm posed no more danger to anyone than it would have if they had stayed in the vehicle, with their hands on the steering wheel. Contrary to what has been stated by some sources, LaVoy was not “charging” anyone. They appear to have been shot in the back, with their hands in the air.
It is our understanding that according to applicable law, the use of deadly force is justified only if there is a genuine threat of death or serious bodily injury. It is our understanding and position that deadly force should only be used as a last resort. In LaVoy's case it appears that they were determined to go straight to the last resort. It is our understanding that the U.S. Supreme Court and Ninth Circuit Court of appeals have ruled as follows:
“The reasonableness of [officers'] actions depends both on whether the officers were in danger at the precise moment that they used force and on whether [the officers'] own reckless or deliberate conduct during the seizure unreasonably created the need to use such force.” "[W]here an officer intentionally or recklessly provokes a violent confrontation . . . they may be held liable for their otherwise defensive use of deadly force.” Although officers may claim self-defense, they may still be liable for using excessive force if their reckless and unconstitutional actions create the need to use excessive force.
It is our understanding that in addition to shooting LaVoy multiple times, after they were left lying harmlessly on the ground the officers also fired upon their truck and the passengers in it, putting them all at risk, despite the fact that they were posing no threat to anyone. The video clearly shows one of the windows being blown out. It has been gutwrenching for our family to view the video of LaVoy being shot, and then left to lie in the snow while a whole army of so-called “public servants” terrorized the others.
We can only hope their families never have to watch such a thing. We will be interested to inspect the vehicle. We will also be interested to see the autopsy report. At this point we will await the outcome of any investigation, but based on the information currently available to us, we do not believe that LaVoy's shooting death was justified. We likewise can't see any justification for the force and risk of serious injury or death that was exerted against the others in the truck, who posed no threat.
We know that under such circumstances law enforcement typically makes every attempt to cast such shooting victims in the worst possible light. In that regard, we also want to observe and emphasize that LaVoy had a squeaky clean record, and had never had so much as a speeding ticket. In addition to raising their own eleven children, they had also been entrusted with the care of at least 50 foster children over the course of approximately 10 years.
On January 7, 2016, LaVoy issued an official statement from the Malheur Wildlife Refuge. Among other things, the statement said:
“We want to clarify that we share any and all concerns about safety for everyone involved, including ourselves, our families, the public, and law enforcement officers. All lives are important to us. Ultimately, we want everyone involved to be able to return safely to their homes and families.We are deeply troubled and saddened that our governments do not share the same concern for human life. We are deeply troubled that our governments would view whatever was happening at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge to be worth spilling blood over. We are deeply troubled and saddened that our governments have come to place so little value on life, liberty, property and pursuit of happiness.
We love LaVoy as our husband, father, grandfather, brother and son. They were a hero to us. We believe they died as a patriotic martyr. Regardless of any and all differing opinions, we know that they died standing for a cause They believed in. LaVoy's funeral will be held in Kanab, Utah on Friday, February 5, 2016.
We take comfort in our faith and our belief that LaVoy is now in a better place. May our dear Lord bless and receive them into that realm. We sincerely appreciate all the thoughts and prayers that have been sent our way. We pray for those who chose to take LaVoy's life. We desire justice and genuine accountability for what happened, but we pray for them. And finally, we thank God for this country and what it is supposed to stand for. We pray for this country, and that God will please bless, help and forgive us all.
There was no shortage of cuts proposed in Trump's budget for 2018, which was released earlier this week. However, as Visual Capitalist's Jeff Desjardins notes, one of the few departments that did not receive a haircut was the Department of Defense. If the proposed budget ultimately passes in Congress, the DoD would be allocated an extra $54 billion in federal funding – a 10% increase that would be one of the largest one-year defense budget increases in American History.
To put the proposed increase in context, the United States already spends more on defense than the next seven countries combined. Meanwhile, the additional $54 billion is about the size of the United Kingdom's entire defense budget.
“BE ALL YOU CAN BE”
With over half of all U.S. discretionary spending being put towards the military each year, the U.S. is able to have extensive operations both at home and abroad. Our chart for this week breaks down military personnel based on the latest numbers released by the DoD on February 27, 2017.
In total, excluding civilian support staff, there are about 2.1 million troops. Of those, 1.3 million are on active duty, while about 800,000 are in reserve or part of the National Guard.
On a domestic basis, there are about 1.1 million active troops stationed in the United States, and here's how they are grouped based on branch of service:
Internationally, there are just under 200,000 troops that are stationed in 177 countries throughout the world.
In 2015, Politico estimated that there are 800 U.S. bases abroad, and that it costs up to $100 billion annually to maintain this international presence.
Source: U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey Earthquake Catalog
According to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), the number of earthquakes east of the Rocky Mountains has increased dramatically since 2009. More earthquakes in these areas have coincided with the increase in oil and natural gas production from shale formations. Seismic events caused by human activity—also known as induced seismicity—are most often caused by the underground injection of wastewater produced during the oil and natural gas extraction process.
Most induced earthquakes are small, measuring in the three- to four- magnitude range on the moment magnitude scale. These earthquakes are large enough to be felt by most people, but they do not often cause damage to structures. In Oklahoma, where production is in areas with high water-to-hydrocarbon ratios (meaning there is more produced wastewater that must be disposed), the number of earthquakes has increased significantly since 2009.
Before 2009, Oklahoma might have experienced one to two low-magnitude earthquakes per year. Since 2014, Oklahoma has experienced one to two low-magnitude earthquakes per day, with a few instances of higher magnitude (between magnitude 5 and 6) earthquakes that caused some damage.
In addition to the increased use of wastewater injection related to oil and natural gas production in the region, the geologic conditions in central Oklahoma are conducive to triggering seismic activity. The rock underlying the formations where disposal water is being injected in the region has existing faults that are susceptible to the changing stresses caused by fluid injection. Without these geologic conditions, induced seismicity would be much less common. For example, induced seismicity in the Bakken region of North Dakota and Montana is relatively rare.
The USGS in 2017 issued an updated seismic hazard forecast for the central and eastern United States. This forecast attempts to estimate the chance of damage caused by earthquakes in the region of interest. The 2017 forecasted seismic rates are still significantly elevated compared with pre-2009 levels but lower than their peak in 2015.
The USGS report indicates that the recent decline may be related to decreased wastewater injection, because production in the region has decreased since the 2014 drop in oil prices. Actions by authorities in various states to regulate wastewater injection practices and restrict injection into the most sensitive areas may also be helping to reduce both the number and intensity of small earthquakes.
Induced seismicity is one of the many topics that will be addressed at the 2017 EIA Energy Conference. The panelists will discuss the evolution of this seismicity, the geology, economics, and regulatory frameworks associated with wastewater injection, as well as the challenges and opportunities related to managing wastewater produced from oil and natural gas production. The panel will be moderated by Meg Coleman, leader of EIA's Exploration and Production team. Speakers on the panel include
Jeremy Boak, Oklahoma Geological Survey
Linda Capuano, Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy
Kyle Murray, Oklahoma Geological Survey
The 2017 EIA Energy Conference will be held June 26 and 27 in Washington, DC. Online conference registration is open through midday June 23.
Principal contributors: Kristen Tsai, Michael Mobilia
Pittsburgh Penguins forward Kasperi Kapanen, selected with the club's first-round pick at the 2014 NHL entry draft (22nd overall), will miss this weekend's rookie tournament in London, Ont., the club announced Monday. Kapanen is still nursing a reported finger injury sustained over the summer, according to Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reporter Dave Molinari.
The 18-year-old Finnish forward, the son of former NHL player Sami Kapanen, impressed Penguins brass enormously at development camp in July and earned themselves an entry-level contract. Despite their injury, Kapanen is expected to be ready for the beginning of Penguins training camp on September 19.
The Penguins' rookie tournament will also feature prospects from the Chicago Blackhawks, Toronto Maple Leafs and Ottawa Senators, and will be hosted at Budweiser Gardens, the home arena of the OHL's London Knights.
LNC Chair Nicholas Sarwark speaking at the Fancy Farm picnic in Kentucky.
Every year, St. Jerome's Parish in Mayfield, Ky., holds the Fancy Farm Picnic, a community event with barbecue, games, a 5k run, and political speeches. The event was designated by the Guinness Book of World Records as the “world's largest picnic” in 1985, and although it has long been dominated by Republicans and Democrats, this is the third year that the Libertarian Party of Kentucky has been invited to have a presence at Fancy Farm, with an official booth and participation in the lineup of speakers. LP National Chair Nicholas Sarwark represented LP Kentucky by speaking at the picnic on Saturday, Aug. 5.
“I'm sad that I didn't get an opportunity to shake Sen. McConnell's hand, because they had to rush on out of here,” Sarwark said during their remarks at the Fancy Farm event. “And I wanted to say ‘thank you' to them because the work that Sen. McConnell and the Republican Party, that controls both houses of Congress and the presidency … the work that they're doing recruiting for the Libertarian Party is better than anything I could've ever done. There's no better answer for people who ask, ‘Why shouldn't I be a Republican?” than watching them take both houses of Congress and the presidency, and they can't even repeal the bill they've been talking about repealing for seven damn years.”
Kentucky Educational Television recorded Sarwark's remarks, which are embedded below.
Sarwark was also quoted by the Louisville Courier-Journal on Aug. 6:
“Maybe McConnell had to get back to Washington so they could continue not to get anything done,” Sarwark was quoted as saying in a piece highlighting the “best jokes and lines” from speeches delivered at the picnic.
A second Courier-Journal article reiterated Sarwark's point that, despite GOP control over both the legislative and executive branches of government, it has been unable to repeal Obamacare.
“Politicians have been speaking at the picnic for a very long time,” LP Kentucky wrote. “Somewhere along the way, it became a bare-knuckle verbal boxing match (with no swearing). That tradition continues today. And who, in the LP, is better at laying down some savage truth than our Chairman?”
The Fancy Farm Picnic is free and open to the public with food available to purchase from the Knights of Columbus and other members of the community. According to the Daily Beast, the 2014 menu “boasted nine tons of pork and mutton, 1,900 pounds of chicken, 193 gallons of corn, 410 pounds of lima beans, 225 pounds of peas and 1,400 pounds of potato salad.” Approximately 20,000 people attend each year.
Residents in some communities in the Kitikmeot and the Kivalliq regions of Nunavut are digging out after blizzards this week.
In Cambridge Bay, only trace amounts of snow fell, but high winds brought a lot of it into town. The gusts created huge drifts, some as high as houses. The storm cancelled flights, schools and businesses for several days.
Resident Wilf Wilcox says the storm lasted three days and it was lucky there were no power outages.
"I haven't seen any damages to buildings yet but there are lots of truck canopies with banged-up windows and stuff like that and stuff scattered all over from being blown around," they said.
In Rankin Inlet, a blizzard also grounded flights and shut down the hamlet. When it was over, one observer said Rankin Inlet looked as though it was sprinkled with icing sugar because of all the snow on the buildings and streets.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and ranking member Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) slammed a top Justice Department official. (AP) Chaffetz, Cummings tangle with DOJ official over GPS tracking documents
A longstanding and unfulfilled congressional demand for memos about the use of GPS tracking devices in federal investigations triggered a tense exchange Thursday that saw key House lawmakers from both parties bearing down hard on a top Justice Department official.
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and ranking member Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) slammed Justice Department legislative affairs chief Peter Kadzik, after they refused to commit to sharing the documents and directives on use of geolocation techniques.
"Why is it that members of Congress with security clearances ... why is it that I cannot actually see what you're sending out far and wide?" Chaffetz asked. "You're sending this out to all of your prosecutors ... When you send this out far and wide, why can't Elijah Cummings and I go look at it?"
Kadzik insisted the memos had not been sent out "far and wide" and that the records amounted to attorney-work product that should be kept confidential. "It goes to those prosecutors who need that information when they litigate cases and they approve or disapprove particular investigative techniques ... We have provided briefings," the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs said.
"No. No. No. No. No. A briefing's not good enough. A briefing's not good enough," Chaffetz shot back. They noted that in the wake of a 2012 Supreme Court ruling requiring warrants for use of such devices in criminal investigations, the Justice Department produced heavily redacted memos under the Freedom of Information Act in which all the substantive policy guidance was blacked out.
"We got concerns post-Jones, that the federal government is potentially spying on Americans. ... We represent the people. We have a security clearance," Chaffetz added. "We're asking in an in-camera review situation to be able to read this ourselves. ... You won't allow members of Congress to look at it? Why?"
"We'd be happy to provide additional [court] pleadings and additional briefings, but there are law enforcement sensitivities, and it is attorney-work-product information," Kadzik replied.
"The American people trust us, but you don't trust us," Chaffetz declared.
"It's not that I don't trust you, Mr. Chairman," Kadzik said.
If the Justice official was hoping for some relief when Cummings took over questioning, the hope was misplaced.
Cummings asked whether Justice's real concern was about criminals using the information, to which Kadzik said, "Yes."
"We're concerned that if these techniques are disclosed, criminal elements can use that information in order to avoid detection and law enforcement efforts," Kadzik said.
"The bottom line is that you don't trust us," Cummings said, echoing Chaffetz nearly verbatim. "If we are saying that we'd like to see this information in confidence and make commitments that we're not going to disclose, what would be the reason? ... Am I missing something?"
"I want to actually read it," Chaffetz insisted. "Why do you assume because we read it, in camera, that it's suddenly going to get out, out in the public?"
Kadzik then shifted gears, saying that DOJ was concerned that showing the memos to lawmakers might waive the legal privilege protecting the memos from disclosure in litigation. "The fact that we provide it to a third party, could potentially be an argument that we've waived the privilege," they said.
"There's nobody up here that wants to interfere in a criminal investigation," Cummings chimed in. "It seems like we ought to be able to reach some type of balance." They also asked for case law supporting the claim that sharing information with a congressional committee would make it discoverable in court.
Chaffetz said the law was to the contrary, pointing to a 35-year-old D.C. Circuit case. "When a congressional committee compels production through a properly issued subpoena, it does not prevent assertion of the privilege," they said. "You're hiding this from the American people. Who is the client? Who is the client that you're trying to protect?"
"We're trying to protect the American people," Kadzik responded.
"And we represent the American people," Chaffetz interjected.
"And so do we, but providing this memorandum for broad public disclosure... " the Justice official said.
Chaffetz quickly noted that they and Cummings weren't seeking public disclosure. "We just want to read the documents you're giving to the prosecutors and the criminal chiefs, and you're saying, 'No,' and it should scare every American."
The exchange took place at a hearing on congressional document requests pending at federal agencies. In addition to the Justice Department, the hearing included witnesses from the Departments of Homeland Security and State, the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of Management and Budget.
ICEHOGS RE-SIGN LABRIE FOR ANOTHER YEAR Tweet Photo by Greg Hamil 06/18/2015 2:20 PM Article By: Rockford, Ill. – The Rockford IceHogs, proud American Hockey League affiliate of the 2015 Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks, announced on Thursday that forward Pierre-Cedric Labrie has agreed to terms on an AHL contract for the 2015-16 season.
Labrie, 28, recorded nine goals, seven assists and 113 penalty minutes in 60 regular season games during their first season with the IceHogs in 2014-15. In eight games during the 2015 Calder Cup Playoffs, the winger chipped in an assist and ranked second on the club with 28 PIMs. The Baie-Comeau, Quebec native provided veteran leadership in the Hogs' locker room throughout the season as they served as one of the team's alternate captains.
The veteran forward has appeared in 46 career National Hockey League games, all with the Tampa Bay Lightning from 2011-2014. In 448 career AHL games between the Manitoba Moose, Norfolk Admirals, Peoria Rivermen, Syracuse Crunch and Rockford, Labrie has registered 141 points (61g-80a) and 835 PIMs.
The 28 year-old also added 12 points (5g, 7a) in 49 career AHL postseason games between Norfolk, Manitoba and Rockford, including nine points (5g, 4a) in 18 contests during Norfolk's 2012 Calder Cup-winning playoff run.
Season Tickets for 2015-16 Now on Sale: Reserve your seats today for the IceHogs 17th season of professional hockey and ninth as the top AHL affiliate of the 2015 Stanley Cup Champion Chicago Blackhawks. Call (815) 847-6399 or visit icehogs.com to find a ticket package that fits your needs.
So here it is: Voting fraud is extremely rare, and in-person fraud — the only kind that would be caught by voter ID laws — is essentially nonexistent, as study after study has shown. And as for those foreigners, a new survey of local election officials in 42 jurisdictions turned up a total of about 30 cases of suspected noncitizen voting last November — out of more than 23 million votes.
Meanwhile, voter ID and other suppression laws keep losing in court, where judges demand actual evidence in support of claims. On Monday, the Supreme Court declined to hear a challenge to the decision of a federal appeals court last year striking down as unconstitutional North Carolina's stunningly harsh anti-voter law, which required photo identification at the polls, cut early voting and eliminated same-day registration, among other measures. That decision found Republican state legislators had deliberately targeted “African-Americans with almost surgical precision.” A similarly severe Texas law was struck down by a federal judge, also for intentionally discriminating against minorities.
The purported purpose of Mr. Trump's commission — to restore confidence in elections — is laughable, not only because Republicans have spent the past decade sowing seeds of doubt with hyped-up tales of fraud. In reality, voters' confidence is mainly affected by whether their preferred candidate wins, not by the existence of voter ID or other laws.
Robert Bauer, co-chairperson of the last presidential commission on elections, said Mr. Trump's commission “is not intended to bolster confidence, but to undermine it, and on the strength of this program, to advance reforms that are costly, unnecessary and a burden on lawful voting by eligible voters.” Real reforms should include improved technology, more opportunities for early voting, and better-trained poll workers, as a comprehensive 2014 report produced by Mr. Bauer, a Democrat, and their Republican colleague, Benjamin Ginsberg, found.
The report also showed that bipartisanship is central to any credible effort to fix America's voting systems. In contrast, Mr. Trump has put their commission in the hands of Kris Kobach, a hard-line conservative from Kansas who is the nation's most aggressive peddler of the voter-fraud myth.
Mr. Kobach — who has managed to obtain just nine convictions for voter fraud since 2015, most for voting in two states — thinks they are standing on the “tip of the iceberg.” They claim they can't understand why voting-rights advocates resist a deeper inquiry into fraud. “What are they afraid of? Why do they not want to know these numbers?” they asked.
I'm asked this question from time to time, and it never ceases to amaze me. A guy asked me this a few days ago in fact, a bit unexpectedly. I turned and looked at them with a mixture of incredulity and amazement, and asked if they were kidding. Sadly, they were not.
I have to accept the fact that preparing doesn't come natural to most folks these days. It's hard for me to understand because of the way I was raised. I grew up in a rural area, and very poor. Unbeknownst to me at the time was the fact that there were a lot of years that had it not been for our rather large garden, our orchard, and the food preservation we did after harvest in the summer and fall, our family would not have had enough food the following winter.
It was just how we lived. Again, I didn't think anything of it growing up because I thought everyone lived that way. There were no “preppers”, no end of the world doomsday events (ok there probably were, but Al Gore hadn't invented the internet yet so we didn't know about them), it was just normal life.
Life is different now for most people.
Living a life of basic preparedness, basic self-sufficiency, is no longer common. Most people these days are not prepared for even common life events, let alone something out of the ordinary. In my experience talking to people about it, this lack of preparedness is usually for one of two reasons: ignorance and/or normalcy bias.
Ignorance
This one is pretty self-explanatory. The saying goes (and it's an annoying one) “you don't know what you don't know”. Well yeah, of course not, but that's the very core of the problem. Many people simply don't know why common sense preparedness is important.
Normalcy Bias
Nothing bad can ever happen to me. Or to you, right? That's normalcy bias – things are currently good, therefore they will always be. Even if you yourself aren't this way, chances are you know someone who is. They go through life with their head in the sand, thinking that bad things happen to other people, but not to them. They are, of course, much mistaken.
I see this one a lot surrounding the discussion of gun control. I hear people ask “well why do you need a gun in the first place? What do you think is going to happen?” These people have normalcy bias, usually with ignorance sprinkled on top to taste. They think that other people are robbed, raped, and murdered. Can't happen to them.
So Why Prepare?
I don't prepare because I think the world is ending. I'm not a Doomsday Prepper, nor am I suggesting that you should be one either. However, I do live in the real world, and in the real world bad things happen, and unfortunately, they happen all the time.
Bad things come in all shapes and sizes. For example, I think everyone should have a couple months worth of food in their house. Why? Because if you're like most people, you eat several times a day, and chance are, so does everyone else in your family.
What happens when the grocery store doesn't have food for you to buy for a period of time for whatever reason? We saw this most recently with Hurricane Sandy, but it doesn't take a hurricane to make it happen in the world of just in time inventory.
What if the power went off for a few days or even weeks, again, like it did with Hurricane Sandy or recently in Kentucky after a large ice storm?
What if you lost a loved one and couldn't work for a period of time? Could you afford to take that time off financially? What if you got sick and had a lengthy stay in the hospital?
What if a major earthquake happened in your area, you lost power, running water, and there was nothing in the grocery stores? Would you have food and water, and would you be able to defend it from the looters? Just this past week, officials in Southern California warned residents to be able to survive two weeks on their ownÂ in the event of a natural disaster.Â Could you go two weeks?
Preparing, being a “prepper”, isn't necessarily about the zombie apocalypse. Should you be prepared for a potential financial collapse and the breakdown of society? Yes, I believe you should, but start with the things most likely to happen to you first. Have some food and water, and a way to purify water. Get out of debt and put some money away for a rainy day, both in the bank and out (Federal Reserve Notes and real money). Have a way to defend yourself and your family.
Preparing isn't crazy, it's the common sense that used to be common.
A new analysis from the American Conservative Union (ACU) of voting records of various potential GOP candidates for Speaker of the House under the soon-to-be-ending Speakership of Rep. John Boehner (R-OH) shows that Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) is far and away the best viable candidate for Speaker.
Blackburn, who's considering running for Speaker and will discuss their potential bid on Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM Patriot on Sunday evening, would be the first female GOP Speaker of the House in U.S. history. They would be the second woman ever elected to the post, after current Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi served in the slot before Boehner.
Under Boehner's speakership, which has lasted from 2011 until the present, Blackburn's voting record is a 92 percent rating from the ACU. That means under GOP leadership, Blackburn has stood by their guns and voted their conscience—something conservatives and moderates alike are attracted to. As with most Republicans, their lifetime ACU rating is higher—96 percent—because the records include time when the GOP was in the minority and basically voted as a bloc against Democrat initiatives.
The vote analysis includes ACU scoring for the years of 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014. Scoring for 2015 isn't yet available. On this analysis of potential speakership candidates, there are three others who have higher scores than Blackburn's 92 percent—House Benghazi Select Committee chairperson Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) at 97 percent, House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) at 97 percent and House Budget Committee chairperson Rep. Tom Price (R-GA) at 94 percent—but all three have complications when it comes to whether they would be able to cobble together 218-plus GOP votes in a Speakership bid and unite the GOP conference. Blackburn, it is universally understood in the House, would be able to get well more than 218 votes as a consensus GOP candidate for Speaker.
Gowdy's complication is that they really doesn't want to be the Speaker of the House, Scalise's is that he's had some major screw-ups as Whip and doesn't have the full trust of the conference since he's in Boehner's leadership team, and Price's is that he's had issues along with Scalise in cobbling together enough votes to win the Majority Leader position—a lower threshold—so it's expected they would have difficulty winning the Speakership. Price and Scalise were both running for current Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's position before McCarthy ended up deciding to pull out of a Speakership run at the last possible minute due to lack of support in the conference and rumors of an alleged affair with Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-NC), something both parties deny.
House Oversight Committee chairperson Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) places at 88 percent in the ACU rating, as does House Armed Services Committee chairperson Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-TX) while House Education and Workforce Committee chairperson Rep. John Kline (R-MN)—who's viewed as a potential “placeholder” candidate since he's retiring at the end of their current term—earns 84 percent.
House Ways and Means Committee chairperson Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)—who the entire political establishment and donor class claims is a consensus candidate like Blackburn—only earns 82 percent in the ACU ratings under Boehner's Speakership. Rep. Daniel Webster (R-FL), the former Florida House Speaker who is running as a reform candidate aimed at decentralizing the Speaker's power, gets 79 percent, as does McCarthy. House GOP conference chairperson Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA)—who, like Ryan, is another donor class establishment favorite—earns just 77 percent whereas Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL), the former chief deputy whip and another member viewed like Blackburn as a consensus candidate, gets 76 percent. Rep. Tom Cole (R-OK), a very close Boehner ally, earns a paltry 68 percent.
In a written analysis accompanying the vote-by-vote, year-by-year breakdown, ACU's Larry Hart cites the group's chairperson Matt Schlapp as saying it's time for a real conservative Speaker.
“American Conservative Union Chairman Matt Schlapp, while saying the Republican Conference needs to resolve the ill will that caused this ‘unprecedented breakdown,' called for the next Speaker to ‘promote a conservative agenda, fight for that agenda with all the tools offered by the Constitution and House rules,'” Hart writes. “At the same time, Schlapp said, that person must also be able to communicate these goals and have the character necessary to build consensus and block the Obama agenda.”
Hart adds that while all candidates will claim the mantle of conservatism when running, it's important to look at the evidence of their records.
“It's a safe bet that every House member who expresses an interest in the Speakership will say they or they fit that description, so how to separate the facts from the fluff?” Hart writes.
A good guide is the ACU Annual Ratings of Congress. There are a few good reasons why. ACU is the only organization that has published an annual rating of each member of Congress for 44 straight years. ACU does not rate votes on one or two specific issues, but covers a wide spectrum from Economic to Social to issues of National Security. There are detailed descriptions of each vote and why they are of importance to conservatives. They are not always the votes with the highest profile, although they are often included. Instead the votes selected are chosen to create a clear ideological distinction among those casting them.
ACU's Schlapp and Dan Schneider will join Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot Ch. 125 on Sunday evening to break down this analysis as well. Schneider has already said they hope Blackburn would run for the Speakership.
“Blackburn is the most conservative woman in all of Congress. They have a lifetime ACU rating of 96 – that puts them in a solid ‘A' camp. Year-in and year-out they are consistently been a solid performer,” Schneider told Breitbart News' Alex Swoyer last week. “I would hope they would run.”
One of the common use case in Go is to start a few goroutines to do some work. These goroutines block listening in on a channel, waiting for more work to arrive. At some point, you want to signal these goroutines to stop accepting more work and exit, so you can cleanly shut down the program.
This is how the code might look:
func doWork(chanWork chan *work) { for w := range chanWork { do(w) } } func main() { chanWork := make(chan *work, 100) for i := 0; i < N; i++ { go doWork(chanWork) } // Push work to chanWork. chanWork <- w // All work is done, now stop. close(chanWork) }
This code looks reasonable, with one caveat. Once you close the chanWork channel, the main exits immediately. Closing the channel only acts as a signal. You want the program to wait as well.
Using sync.WaitGroup allows the goroutines to cleanly exit before exiting the main program, like so:
func doWork(chanWork chan *work, wg *sync.WaitGroup) { defer wg.Done() ... } func main() { var wg sync.WaitGroup chanWork := make(chan *work, 100) for i := 0; i < N; i++ { wg.Add(1) go doWork(chanWork, &wg) } // Push work to chanWork. chanWork <- w // All work is done, now stop. close(chanWork) // Now wait. wg.Wait() }
For a Go programmer, this is pretty basic so far. And that's because we had access to the channel, which controls when the goroutine should exit.
What happens in case we don't have access to this channel? For, e.g., if we want to run some execution periodically, we'll have this situation:
func doWorkPeriodically(wg *sync.WaitGroup) { defer wg.Done() timeChan := time.Tick(time.Second) for _ := range timeChan { do() // some work } }
In this case, we need a way to signal the goroutine to stop doing the work. Say we use a signal channel like so:
func doWorkPeriodically(wg *sync.WaitGroup, signal chan struct{}) { defer wg.Done() timeChan := time.Tick(time.Second) for { select { case <- timeChan: do() // some work case <- signal: return } } } func main() { signal := make(chan struct{}, 1) ... signal <- struct{}{} // To signal the goroutine to stop. wg.Wait() // Wait for goroutine to exit. }
This code above would indicate to the goroutine to stop doing the work. And also wait for it so main can exit cleanly.
All nice and good so far. Now, what if we have multiple different such goroutines, and we need to signal and wait on them in some order. For, e.g., we might have a pipeline of sorts, with multiple stages, each dependent on the previous A -> B -> C . In this case, we need to signal and wait on A , before we do that for B and then C .
With the above code, this would be cumbersome. You'd need multiple signal channels, one for each stage; and similarly, multiple waits, one for each stage. Would be nice to encapsulate this in a class. That's what we have done in Badger.
type LevelCloser struct { Name string running int32 nomore int32 closed chan struct{} waiting sync.WaitGroup } func (lc *LevelCloser) Signal() { if !atomic.CompareAndSwapInt32(&lc.nomore, 0, 1) { // fmt.Printf("Level %q already got signal
", lc.Name) return } running := int(atomic.LoadInt32(&lc.running)) // fmt.Printf("Sending signal to %d registered with name %q
", running, lc.Name) for i := 0; i < running; i++ { lc.closed <- struct{}{} } } func (lc *LevelCloser) HasBeenClosed() <-chan struct{} { return lc.closed } func (lc *LevelCloser) Done() { if atomic.LoadInt32(&lc.running) <= 0 { return } running := atomic.AddInt32(&lc.running, -1) if running == 0 { lc.waiting.Done() } } func (lc *LevelCloser) Wait() { lc.waiting.Wait() }
It's a simple class with some basic APIs. The way you'd use it is like this:
func doWorkPeriodically(lc *LevelCloser) { defer lc.Done() timeChan := time.Tick(time.Second) for { select { case <- timeChan: do() // some work case <- lc.HasBeenClosed(): return } } } func main() { lc := &LevelCloser{ Name: name, closed: make(chan struct{}, 10), running: 1, } lc.waiting.Add(1) doWorkPeriodically(lc) lc.Signal() lc.Wait() }
Finally, to make it work for multiple stages, dependent or not, we wrap it up into one Closer class.
type Closer struct { sync.RWMutex levels map[string]*LevelCloser } func NewCloser() *Closer { return &Closer{ levels: make(map[string]*LevelCloser), } } func (c *Closer) Register(name string) *LevelCloser { c.Lock() defer c.Unlock() lc, has := c.levels[name] if !has { lc = &LevelCloser{Name: name, closed: make(chan struct{}, 10)} lc.waiting.Add(1) c.levels[name] = lc } AssertTruef(atomic.LoadInt32(&lc.nomore) == 0, "Can't register with closer after signal.") atomic.AddInt32(&lc.running, 1) return lc } func (c *Closer) Get(name string) *LevelCloser { c.RLock() defer c.RUnlock() lc, has := c.levels[name] if !has { log.Fatalf("%q not present in Closer", name) return nil } return lc }
Using this wrapper class, you can just create one Closer object, and use that to create and maintain all LevelCloser s. This way, you can retrieve, and signal all the LevelCloser s individually in order, or just have Closer signal all of them, and then wait for all of them.
func (c *Closer) SignalAll() { c.RLock() defer c.RUnlock() for _, l := range c.levels { l.Signal() } } func (c *Closer) WaitForAll() { c.RLock() defer c.RUnlock() for _, l := range c.levels { l.Wait() } }
This is how you'd use this class:
func stageA(lc *LevelCloser) { defer lc.Done() for { select { case <- someChan: case <- lc.HasBeenClosed(): return } } } func stageB(lc *LevelCloser) { ... } func main() { closer := NewCloser() lc := closer.Register("stage-a") go stageA(lc) lc := closer.Register("stage-b") go stageB(lc) ... lc = closer.Get("stage-b") lc.SignalAndWait() closer.SignalAll() closer.WaitAll() }
This class is being used by Badger, and it significantly simplifies the various asynchronous activities going on internally. We can ensure that our writes are all committed before in-memory tables are flushed, before we close value log, and so on.
You can see the entire code here. The code is under Apache 2.0 license, so feel free to copy the code and use it in your project. You can see the class in action here. Look for closer.Register and closer.Get to track how we create multiple such LevelCloser s and use them to maintain a strict opening and closing order between the various stages.
Hope you found this useful! Check out other posts to see how Dgraph and Badger can add value to your projects.
Top image: Various stages of a SpaceX rocket launch.
Some things don't make the news and thanks to one of our friendly visitors to my ‘news service' has left me a link to this unfolding story about a family of Pakistani (?) hackers/IT employees who worked for former DNC head Wasserman and a number of top Democrats. This murky story shines a light on why the DNC and mainstream fake news has been howling about people pointing fingers at the alien Muslim penetration of the DNC which is now very deep and this happened under Obama, so shock now.
First off, this news was no news. That is, the mainstream media and Congress and the entire DNC has worked long and hard at ignoring this news. Hillary's second in command is a Muslim woman who is married to a Jewish former Congressman forced to resign in disgrace due to sex fiend problems.
Their resignation and now, investigation is typical of the DNC and how it has evolved thanks to mainstream media coverups. That is, as I keep saying, the news not only does active propaganda but also concealment while flogging fake stories that are designed to egg people into attacking innocent parties.
This is nothing new. After 9/11, before there was any intense examination especially of the Saudi connections and the Israeli connections and why both Bush and Cheney were utterly relaxed when the World Trade Center towers were attacked, instead of a thorough investigation, we were all driven by the media and Congress and the DNC/GOP war machine into attacking a totally innocent country, Iraq, and now we are stuck in this Iraq quagmire that Obama extended and re-expanded.
There is something very goofy going on here. I have noted that after all the Muslim attacks on Europe and America, the issue of ‘letting in foreign Muslims' has been squelched repeatedly by both the GOP, the DNC and the media. They are all in collusion in simultaneously driving us all into wars against liberal Muslim dictators while conservative ones in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and other hot spots are allowed free rein.
That is, they move in and out of our country at will and I will note yet again, the GOP and Bushes let ONLY foreign Muslims to fly all over America and then flee AFTER 9/11 while all other civilian aircraft was grounded.
From exactly one month ago:House Staffers In Security Probe Allegedly Kept Stepmom In ‘Captivity' To Access Offshore Cash.
Congressional staffers allegedly held their stepmother in “captivity” with violent threats in a plan to use them to access money stashed away in the Middle East. The staffers are suspected of using their positions to enrich themselves. Days before U.S. Capitol Police told House members three Pakistani brothers who ran their computer networks may have stolen congressional data, their stepmother called Fairfax County, Virginia police to say the Democratic staffers were keeping them from their husband's deathbed. On Feb. 2, House officials banned Imran, Abid and Jamal Awan from the House of Representatives network as part of a Capitol Police criminal investigation into House computer security. But longtime employers including Reps. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Gregory Meeks have stood by them. Meeks, of New York, said although they had access to their data, he'd “seen no evidence that they were doing anything that was nefarious” like steal or hack, and were being unfairly picked on for being Muslim.
The Daily Caller has been covering this story for a month during which our mainstream fake news basically ignored it, preferring to blame Russia for this leaking of top DNC clowns in Congress. The real nasty story is the collusion of the mainstream media to cover up this story and further, to push the fake Putin spied on the DNC and leaked the Podesta files, etc. story on US citizens.
Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation's most sensitive issues, information and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism. The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members' computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress. Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation's most sensitive issues and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism. The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members' computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress. Jamal handled IT for Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat who serves on both the intelligence and foreign affairs panels. Jamal, who public records suggest is only 22 years old and first began working in the House when they were 20, was paid nearly $160,000 a year, or three times the average House IT staff salary, according to InsideGov, which tracks congressional salaries. Abid was paid $161,000 and Imran $165,000.
Democrats evidently paid the Awan brothers over $4 MILLION dollars. They are also aliens from Pakistan. This hiring of aliens to work in Congress is a treason issue. Pakistan teems with terrorists. It is their ‘bolthole' and supposedly, though the proof was deliberately dumped into the ocean due to orders from Cheney years ago, the proof is this is where bin Laden hid, too.
Why are our politicians doing all of this? We see California DNC judges forcing Trump to let terrorists move in and out of the US, for example, and the mainstream fake news media cheers every time DNC judges thwart even the smallest measures of Trump to get a handle on all this.
This is so infuriating and I have been writing about this for many months now and the picture is now crystal clear: the DNC hopes to take over the US with this troika consisting of black inner city welfare families, illegal aliens in key cities, Muslims and Hispanics who will then steamroller the rest of the country politically.
This operation is cynical and stupid and many of the top DNC politicians playing this suicidal game are…Jews. WTF? Yes, they are doing this hoping their buddies won't notice who is doing this and end up being annihilated by their 'employees' and ‘political allies.'
So again, why isn't this hot news? The mainstream media hammers away at ‘the Russians are spying, the Russians are spying' and ignoring this story. But then, why does this surprise anyone? The bizarre political alliances that are Deep State business is none of our business, is it?
‘I am working really hard, you know. I have no time,' Arnab Goswami's voice crackled over the phone. Still, our chat lasted close to half an hour. While I tried to get them to give me at least a few lines for this story on ‘Republic' – their proposed media project – Goswami cleverly ducked all of them. Instead, their focus was on our years together as colleagues at NDTV. You are seen as right wing, what do you say to that? How will you make Republic global? Will you have bureaus abroad? No reply. Instead, all my questions were answered by short bursts of laughter, signature Arnab, followed by small talk – an obvious attempt to divert the conversation. The only thing they admitted on record was that this project will have its footprint across media platforms.
It seems there are gag orders for their prospective employees as well. “Five former Times Now reporters from the Delhi bureau will be joining Republic,” said a former Times Now colleague of Arnab's unwilling to go on record. “Also a number of desk hands from Mumbai will be joining him, including Arnab confidante and chief producer Charu Thakur,” they added. Only one of the five admitted to quitting Times Now around the same time as Arnab, but refused to reveal their future plans. ‘I am going abroad for now. I have offers from CNN and BBC. I will take a call,' they told me, again, not willing to come on record. They also told me that “every single Times Now employee has been issued a precautionary notice by management apprising them of the ‘no compete clause' in their contracts.”
But truth be told, while there is a buzz about Arnab Goswami the cult anchor in the national media, few reporters and journalists I spoke to – especially the senior lot – appear keen to work with them given their whimsical ways and reputation for the harsh handling of subordinate staff.
Much of the broad contours of Goswami's project are already in the public domain. In a speech last month at IIT Mumbai, they outlined at least four defining features of Republic. For one it will be India's first ‘independent media'. “India is on the brink of an independent media revolution,” Goswami had thundered earlier at a CII function in October just days before they quit Times Now. Secondly, the news will be ‘democratised' riding on the ‘power of technology.' Thirdly, Republic will be a global media project. After all, “For how long should we allow BBC and CNN to define the global media narrative?” And lastly, it will be ‘biased for the country'. “A media that is embarrassed to take a stand between India and Pakistan and pretends to be a bridge maker does not defend the interests of this country is not my kind of media”, they angrily remarked.
Is Goswami guilty of the trademark extravagance we are used to from their studio-pulpit? Or are their claims typical of media ‘untruths' in the age of ‘post-truth'?
Perhaps the most problematic aspect of the venture is their assurance that Republic will be an independent media platform. Will Arnab's claim of editorial ‘independence' hold out in the face of their own biases, and the political and business interests of their largest investor, Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chadrashekhar?
Chandrasekhar was elected for a second term to the Rajya Sabha in 2012 with help from both the Bharatiya Janata Party and HD Deve Gowda's Janata Dal (S). In the run up to the 2014 elections, they supported and even provided funds to the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), though they backed out when offered a ticket. The Independent MP now appears to have settled down in the National Democratic Alliance and perhaps even BJP's corner for the time being. They had shared a dais with top BJP leaders at a ‘Friends of BJP' event in Bangalore in the run up to the 2009 general elections. The then BJP president Nitin Gadkari had appointed them as head of a study group that would outline BJP's vision of ‘national development'. Their proximity to the BJP's B.M. Yedyurappa when they were Karnataka chief minister resulted in a recommendation for the Padma Bhushan honour. Currently, Chandrasekhar is the vice chairperson of NDA in Kerala, a state the BJP desperately wants to win.
In November last year, Chandrasekhar introduced a bill in parliament that aimed at declaring Pakistan a ‘state sponsor of terrorism', and called for snapping trade and economic ties – a demand that was welcomed by the Hindu right. They have been at the forefront of the One Rank One Pension (OROP) issue. They also run a non-profit foundation called Flags of Honour dedicated to the cause of the armed forces. In addition they have raised a large number of questions relating to the army in the Rajya Sabha. Critics allege that their new found love for the military is rooted in their business interests. Jupiter Entertainment Ventures Private Limited, through which Chadrashekhar has made their media investments, is part of Jupiter Capital, that is the holding company of Axiscades Engineering Technology Limited – a company that “provides technology solutions to aerospace, defence, heavy engineering, automotive and industrial production sectors”. As NewsLaundry notes, its annual report (2015-16) recounts with satisfaction some of the contracts the company has bagged with the government including the supply of 88 Aircraft Recognition Training Systems (ARTS) and sundry other contracts. Chandrasekhar is also a member of the parliamentary standing dommittee on defence.
The Wire had questions on both their media and defence interests, and on the potential conflicts of interest involved, but Rajeev Chandrasekhar was not available for comment.
The making of Republic
Apart from Chandrasekhar's business interests, their track record as a media owner – especially their guidelines for editorial recruitment – do not inspire confidence about the ‘independence' of Republic.
Last year, Amit Gupta, the chief operating officer of their media arm Jupiter emailed a directive on ‘editorial hiring' in which they said only journalists who had a ‘right-of-centre editorial tonality', ‘pro-India and pro-military' leanings, and were aligned to ‘Chairman's (Rajeev Chandrasekhar's) ideology' should be hired by Asianet and the company's other media properties. Gupta ‘withdrew' the mail the very next day – though many proprietors make editorial hires on the basis of political alignment, the COO's display of candour was presumably seen by Chandrasekhar as unwise and counter-productive. But the genie, once let out, is hard to put back in the bottle, especially when the anchor who will front Jupiter's latest venture, Republic, makes no bones about their own orientation.
More than half of the staff in any news network are production hands with no editorial functions, while the real critical component of news gathering operations – the reporters – tend to be ideologically agnostic, and in television, no more than foot-sloggers for agenda driven editorial priorities. Republic, by this reckoning, will be no different.
The ‘ideological alignment' sought by the Jupiter group's chairperson presumably has more to do with aligning the start-up news network to the BJP's political objectives. These are wide ranging but its key elements include sharp anti-Pakistan rhetoric, essentially a metaphor for Indian Muslims; putting non-BJP ruled states under constant camera glare; a muscular state; and endless air time and no journalistic scrutiny for Modi, Arun Jaitley and Amit Shah. And on all these issues, Chandrasekhar has an editor/anchor who is perfectly aligned.
Much before they became the prime minister, Modi's pet peeve has been the English language media based out of Delhi. They alleged that the national media deeply aligned with the Congress party and they derisively called them ‘news traders' or ‘Lutyens journalists'. This is a critique Goswami shares with Modi. As they recently told an audience in Bangalore in the course of promoting Republic, ‘You and me together will save Indian journalism from the influence of Lutyens' Delhi'.
But Lutyens today means Modi and Goswami also shares their ‘vision' of media as an expression of national identity and even global self-assertion. On October 25, 2016, less than a week before they resigned as the editor-in-chief of Times Now, Arnab Goswami announced at a CII event in Delhi, “In the next three to four years we are going to launch a big challenge to global media… I don't find BBC or CNN to be the sacred cows of journalism. I don't believe we have anything to learn from them.' Barely a week later, Modi virtually echoed Goswami while speaking at the Ramnath Goenka awards for excellence in journalism: ‘We should have an Indian (media institution) of world class quality because we are a major player in the world our concerns should get reflected effectively in the world.'
The big picture
Bombast and cobbling together a right-wing network under a BJP- led dispensation may be easy to do. The tougher part is to survive in the English language news market where viewership at all times is under one per cent of total TV viewership. The dependence on advertisements as opposed to subscription revenue continues to be high; only around 10-15% of the estimated Rs 20,000 crore cable subscription revenues reach broadcasters, according to an estimate in 2015. In addition, getting a frequency on cable/DTH networks costs roughly Rs 18-21 crore annually, and this is not counting the carriage fees that broadcasters pay for prime cable/DTH band. Media pioneers like Raghav Bahl of TV 18 were prised out by Mukesh Ambani in the wake of the financial meltdown that sent ad-spends crashing.
Deep pockets and the wherewithal to survive initial losses for several years as was the case with Goswami's previous employers, Times Now, is critical if Republic has to compete in an already overcrowded English language television market.
Goswami's Republic indicates the mainstreaming of right-wing opinion as a business enterprise. Already, Swarajya and Open magazine – along with sundry portals like OpIndia and PGurus (not to speak of social media trolls) – are trying to carve a space for right-wing opinion-makers in the public sphere. Goswami at the head of a well-funded television network will undoubtedly lead the pack. In the United States, this has already happened and across media platforms – television, print, radio and digital. Fox News, like the Arnab-led Times Now earlier in India, leads CNN in ratings and has done so for a very long time.
A right-wing bias may be good business for Republic and, increasingly, for others in the media too, but what's good for business may not be best for the actual republic.
Around the time Arnab was promoting Republic in sundry metros, a two judge bench of the Supreme Court earlier this month ruled out ordering regulation of media content. The bench also appeared to endorse self-regulation, a stand that was favoured by both the government and the News Broadcaster Association (NBA).
Whatever private broadcasters may say in public, the news watching public, especially in English, is minuscule and every means, both fair and foul, is deployed to stay ahead in the race. When a political slant is thrown into the mix, the results can be quite toxic. Given the emerging ecosystem, there is an urgent need for the Indian media to come up with effective self-regulation. The arrival of Arnab's new avatar, which seems all set to be as potent as the old one, provides us with a peg to at least begin debating the issue anew.
Sandeep Bhushan is a senior journalist who worked in news television for many years before turning to media research.
—
This article, and comments on it left by readers, was taken down nearly two years ago in compliance with an ex-parte order of temporary injunction in respect of an interlocutory application filed by Rajeev Chandrasekhar before the Hon'ble City Civil Court at Bengaluru restraining us from providing access to its contents.
The injunction dated March 2, 2017, which we appealed immediately, was finally vacated by the court on February 26, 2019.
§
If you wish to make a financial donation to help us legally fight this challenge to media freedom, please do so electronically by clicking the box below or send a cheque in the name of Foundation for Independent Journalism and mail it to:
The Wire
F-44-45, Bhagat Singh Market, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Marg, Opposite Jain Bhavan, Gole market, New Delhi 110 001
Under FCRA rules, you must be an Indian national in order to make a donation to a not-for-profit company
The NFLPA, arguing on behalf of four members of the Saints who were suspended for their roles in New Orleans' bounty scandal, was actually fighting the war on two fronts. There was one lawsuit in federal court, and a second, quieter appeal to a three-member panel, challenging Goodell's jurisdiction in issuing the suspensions. This afternoon, a union source told NFL.com and others, that panel unanimously ruled in favor of the players, and their suspensions will be stayed immediately.
This is a massive victory for the union, just a year removed from a bitter labor battle. The panel didn't address the part the players played in the bounty program, but rather whether the CBA gave NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell the authority to unilaterally punish them in the first place. Despite arbitrator Shyam Das upholding Goodell's own ruling (Das has not had a good run recently), the appeals panel said otherwise. In an additional irony, the appeals panel itself was the last in-house line of defense for the players, as mandated by the collective bargaining agreement.
The parallel lawsuit, currently in district court, probably will not continue. The judge said earlier this week they were not comfortable deciding collectively bargained matters, and hoped the panel would rule before they had to.
Jonathan Vilma had been scheduled to miss an entire season, Will Smith four games, Anthony Hargrove (now a free agent) eight games, and Scott Fujita (now in Cleveland) three. All are now eligible to play on Sunday.
Advertisement
Coaches Sean Payton, Gregg Williams, and Joe Vitt, and GM Mickey Loomis did not initially challenge their suspensions, and their contracts are not part of the CBA, so today's ruling doesn't immediately change their fate. But stay tuned.
Update: The NFL responded in a statement:
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump Jr. would not tell House investigators Wednesday what they and their father discussed after reports surfaced about a June 2016 meeting they had in Trump Tower with Russians, citing attorney-client privilege.
President Donald Trump and their son had a conversation this summer after Trump Jr. produced emails about their involvement in the Trump Tower meeting, according to Rep. Adam Schiff, a California Democrat and the committee's ranking member who attended the Wednesday session. At the classified hearing, Trump Jr. acknowledged speaking with senior White House aide Hope Hicks to help craft a response to the initial reports, sources said.
But Trump Jr. did not provide details about communications with their father and invoked attorney-client privilege because of the presence of attorneys during the exchange with their father.
"As I understand it, this particular conversation for which they were claiming privilege took place after the emails became public, and, was therefore focused more on the reaction to the publication of the emails," Schiff told reporters. Schiff added that they did not believe one could "shield communications between individuals merely by having an attorney present."
However, Rep. Mike Conaway, the Texas Republican leading the committee's Russia investigation, did not express the same concerns as Schiff about Trump Jr.'s response.
"A lot of questions were asked and answered, and from my perspective all of our questions were answered," Conaway said after the interview.
This is the first time that House lawmakers have questioned Trump Jr. about their interactions with the President around the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting, which the younger Trump attended after being promised dirt on Hillary Clinton's campaign and after being informed that the Russian government wanted their father to win the presidency. Paul Manafort, who was then the Trump campaign chairperson, along with the President's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, also attended the meeting.
Trump Jr. acknowledged to House investigators Wednesday that they spoke with Hope Hicks -- and not their father -- when first confronted with news reports about the Trump Tower meeting, saying they exchanged text messages, sources said.
Instead, Trump Jr. said they were speaking to Hicks -- now the White House communications director -- about how to respond to the reports. They said the President, according to the sources, was debating between a longer and a shorter statement while Trump and Hicks were aboard Air Force One.
The initial statement in July 2017 gave a misleading impression of the meeting, which later turned out was billed to Trump Jr. as a way to get dirt on the Clintons. And some legal experts say the White House's involvement could be problematic since there was ongoing criminal probe into Russian meddling.
In February 1982, National Geographic published a cover story titled “Egypt's Desert of Promise.” Two of the great pyramids appeared on the cover, behind the silhouettes of three figures on camels.
Soon after publication, readers started writing the magazine, some pondering the photo and others decrying it. National Geographic finally fessed up and admitted that the pyramids were squeezed together to fit the magazine's vertical format. The editor at the time referred to this technique as “retroactive repositioning of the photographer.” The technique was actually physically cutting pictures and moving the pyramids closer together — an act easy to accomplish today with adobe Photoshop, but which required a craft knife, a steady hand, and a good deal of patience back in 1982.
Tom Kennedy, who later became the director of photography at National Geographic, stated: “We no longer use that technology to manipulate elements in a photo simply to achieve a more compelling graphic effect. We regarded that afterwards as a mistake, and we wouldn't repeat that mistake today.”
In comparison, take the more recent example of Martha Stewart appearing on the cover of Newsweek in March 2005. At the time the cover was published, Martha Stewart was in jail, serving time for lying to federal investigators regarding their selling stock they held in a U.S. company.
Soon after the issue of Newsweek was released, USA Today published a short article inquiring as to how Newsweek supposedly gained access to Stewart for the photo shoot. On NPR's “All Things Considered,” Robert Siegel interviewed Lynn Staley, the assistant managing editor at Newsweek to discuss practices of creating “photo illustrations.” A photo illustration is essentially a collage piece, using different photographs to create one image. It is typical in journalistic contexts to label the image as such. In the Newsweek cover, however, the details about the photo illustration appeared several pages in the magazine, in tiny type within the masthead. Listen to the NPR story at: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4520166.
So when are photo illustrations appropriate? Do they violate typical photojournalistic ethical standards? What are the typical photojournalistic standards for creating photo illustrations? For working with and editing photographs for publication? These are great questions to bring to the classroom.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Violent crime in the United States fell in 2009 for the third straight year, with the number of murders dropping to a level not seen in four decades, according to FBI statistics released on Monday.
Violent crime dropped 5.3 percent in 2009, including a 7.3 percent decline in murders, an 8 percent drop in robberies, a 4.2 percent decline in aggravated assaults and 2.6 percent fall in rapes, according to the final 2009 statistics.
There were 15,241 murders in 2009, authorities reported to the FBI, a level not seen since 1969 when there were 14,760, according to the Justice Department. The number of murders came close to that level in 1999 when there were 15,522.
Property crimes in the United States also fell last year, by 4.6 percent, with motor vehicle thefts plummeting 17.1 percent and burglary down 1.3 percent, the FBI said.
In New York City, the largest U.S. city, the violent crime rate dropped just over 4 percent, including a 10 percent drop in the number of murders. Meanwhile, property crime also fell 5.3 percent, according to the statistics.
“Although there are many reasons behind the decline, one thing is certain: smarter policing practices and investments in law enforcement play a significant role in reducing violent and property crime,” U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement.
While there were declines in the crime rates across the board, the FBI statistics showed increases in residential burglaries, up 1.8 percent, and a larger spike in reported shoplifting, rising 7.9 percent.
Violent crime also dropped in states like Arizona, nearly 14 percent, where local officials have complained that illegal immigrants coming across the porous U.S. border with Mexico were contributing to increases in criminal activity.
However, in the Arizona city of Nogales, which is located on the U.S.-Mexican border, the violent crime rate remained unchanged from 2008 though property crime dropped almost 14 percent. In nearby Tucson, violent crime fell 16 percent, but property crime statistics were incomplete.
The Obama administration in July successfully sued to block key parts of a tough Arizona law requiring police during the course of an arrest to investigate the immigration status of people they suspected were in the state illegally.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
This is “The Blackbird,” a battery-powered automotive rig with a fully-adjustable wheelbase, track width, and suspension setup to mirror any car. With it, filmmakers can shoot an entire car commercial without an actual car.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
It's the product of London-based visual effects company called The Mill, and it shows just how insanely much of a car commercial could be faked with CGI.
The most critical aspects for making a CGI car look real, The Mill explains, are the vehicle's driving sequences and its wheels. Both of those are malleable with the Blackbird. The Mill can physically change the wheels and tires, and the length can be adjusted up to four feet and the width up to 10 inches. The rig basically becomes the car's physical footprint, and will interact with the road and the environment the way the real car would.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The rig provides video producers with integral raw footage, like how a car dynamically behaves and the shadows it throws over the ground. From there, it's much easier to throw in a CGI body of the desired advertised car.
The company believes that this is a much cheaper way to create car footage. It cuts out the hassle of actually obtaining the car and scheduling reshoots if something goes wrong or doesn't look right.
Advertisement
Who says you need a car for a car commercial anyway?
(Follow Jeff: )
Over the offseason, the San Antonio Spurs gave it their best shot and tried to sway then free agent Kevin Durant to take their talents to the Alamo City. In the end, Durant spurned the Spurs and would eventually sign with the 2-time defending Western Conference champs Golden State Warriors.
It was a blow to the Spurs and shook up the West and the entire NBA, with the Warriors now being seen as an unstoppable force and making San Antonio's road to another title much more difficult.
However, prior to KD making their big decision to join the Warriors, their former OKC teammate, Kendrick Perkins, advised them that if they were indeed going to leave the Thunder, that they should sign with the Spurs.
Via :
Well, I actually talked with Kevin. And to be honest, I really didn't think they were leaving. And to be honest, I thought that if they left — because they asked me. I said, "Listen, man. If you leave, my honest opinion, if you really want to leave, the other team I think you should go to, in my opinion, is the San Antonio Spurs." And I told them flat out. I said, "If you leave Oklahoma City, they're a first-class organization." I don't know too much about Golden State, but I do know, I ain't never been to San Antonio, but I've been around to know. And I told them that would be the place.
Had Durant taken Perkins' advice, it would have been nice to see Durant team up with Kawhi Leonard, and LaMarcus Aldridge in San Antonio. Not to mention allowing the Spurs to transition from the old "Big 3" era to a new "Big 3" era.
But in the end, I do not think the Spurs had a legit chance at netting Durant. Their meeting with them over the summer was the team simply doing their due diligence and seeing if Durant would entertain the notion. They were already Golden State bound despite any overtures from the Spurs.
The Warriors still need to put it all together and fit Durant in their schemes. Yes, Golden State is formidable on paper, but they still got to make it happen on the court.
(H/T )
SAN FRANCISCO—Listing the athletic facilities within two hours of the conclusion of the World Cup final, the Brazilian government has reportedly posted 12 separate advertisements for soccer stadiums on Craigslist, sources confirmed Wednesday. “This is a great, gently used stadium that seats almost 40,000,” read the post for Arena das Dunas, which featured three grainy photos of the locker room, pitch, and a concession stand, adding that prospective buyers could view the sporting arena, or any of its other 11 for-sale structures, in person by simply touring the unlocked facility on their own. “This is perfect for soccer matches, conventions, and college graduations, and would go great with any of the northeast stadiums that are also available. All buyers must be willing to remove from site on their own. Serious inquiries only, please.” At press time, the ad had reportedly been updated to state that Brazil would only be willing to sell the stadiums in one-to-one trades for schools and hospitals.
Advertisement
But according to Amash, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) and ranking member Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.) never provided the document to all House lawmakers.
"Less than two weeks ago, the Obama administration released previously classified documents regarding ‪#‎NSA‬'s bulk collection programs and indicated that two of these documents had been made available to all Members of Congress prior to the vote on reauthorization of the Patriot Act," Amash wrote in the Facebook post.
"I can now confirm that the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence did NOT, in fact, make the 2011 document available to Representatives in Congress, meaning that the large class of Representatives elected in 2010 did not receive either of the now declassified documents detailing these programs."
ADVERTISEMENT
Since the program became publicized, many lawmakers, including Patriot Act author Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner Frank (Jim) James SensenbrennerGreedy tort bar tarts up the CREATES Act Congress must take the next steps on federal criminal justice reforms Time to protect small businesses from internet sales tax rush MORE (R-Wis.), have expressed shock at the scope of the phone data collection program.
Susan Phalen, an Intelligence Committee spokesperson, said Rogers hosted classified briefings on the NSA programs for all members prior to votes to reauthorize the Patriot Act and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
“The House Intelligence Committee makes it a top priority to inform Members about the intelligence issues on which Members must vote," they said. "This process is always conducted consistent with the Committee's legal obligation to carefully protect the sensitive intelligence sources and methods our intelligence agencies use to do their important work."
They said that in the past two months, Rogers has hosted four classified briefings with NSA officials for all Republican members.
"The Committee has provided many opportunities for Members to have their questions answered by both the [House Intelligence Committee] and the NSA. And Chairman Rogers has encouraged members to attend those classified briefings to better understand how the authorities are used to protect the country,” Phalen said.
Amash has been a vocal critic of the NSA surveillance, and sponsored an amendment to the defense appropriations bill that would have curbed its phone data collection program. The amendment fell just seven votes short of passing the House last month.
Love requires proximity has been the mantra of my heart for a while now, it unsettles me, it gets me out of comfort and drives me into the direction of where rubber hits the road time and time again. Yet there are still people I have yet to engage, and lately as I've been meditating and praying over who do I need to invest in that I've put off in investing I've come up with 3 groups of people:
1.) Evangelicals (across the board, not simply fundamentals)
2.) Reformed sex offenders
3.) Reformed pedophiles
Now I cannot fully explain the latter 2, but I can certainly address the first one.
I once identified as being an Evangelical in my life. I knew the Bible verses, I knew the songs, I had good answers to difficult questions, I had good torts and rebuttals to those who dared rattle my belief system, I had belief and I thought I knew it all and in knowing it all that's all that mattered.
Funny, God must be a fan of baseball, because God certainly threw a few curve balls my way.
– God put members of the LGBTQ community in my life, and so I needed to rethink what I thought / what had been instilled into me.
– I wrestled with doubt and questioning (and I still do) and realized the shakiness of my foundation…and being okay with not being okay.
– I worked in youth ministry contexts where students went through issues I never imagined because I was wrapped up in bubble wrap whilst in my Evangelical bubble.
– I furthered my education in science and learned how there is evidence that the world isn't young (gasp!) and that there is strong evidence to support evolution (double gasp!) and yet I see God's handiwork in it all.
among other things…
And now on the outside of Evangelicalism I hold know position of being “better” or “more evolved” for where I am now. I realize that my season of being an Evangelical took something from me, but it also gave me a pretty good foundation as to where I am now. Yes it wasn't all good, but that's why with much of life's experiences I have or am in the process of thanking God for that season of life. I am also finding ways to “eat the meat and spit out the bones” of these experiences.
But back to love requiring proximity… The Evangelical camp is one I have until recently distanced myself from, but 2 things have shifted that, one local and one a bit more broad.
***
Locally I am involved with a Bible study that meets on Tuesday nights at various restaurants in the area. We've been going over Ephesians and soon we will will be starting a book about idolatry. The individuals who make up this group are diverse in their thinking, as with many groups of people, one thought pattern doesn't fit all. And while I knew some of these guys prior to being a part of this Bible study, I know them a bit better than merely what's on the surface.
I appreciate sharing with them my insight and I appreciate what they have to offer up as well, even if we tend to go down quite a few rabbit trails. 🙂 It has been a real blessing investing time with these individuals, not because I have a time-with-Evangelicals quota I need to fill but because it comes back to (you guessed it) love requires proximity.
***
On a larger swath which I am looking for ways to connect, is Brandan Robertson's Evangelicals for Marriage Equality campaign.
Marriage equality isn't something I think about when it comes to Evangelicals, I admit that I was privately homophobic and used the word Gay as an adjective for stupid or dumb for a brief season of my life, but when Brandan put out some info about this campaign, my heart leaped for joy!
They might be placed under the microscope by many for this bold and courageous move on their part, but I know that it is needed. The world needs more Evangelicals like Brandan, and I will do what I can to help their voices be heard!
Thanks be to God for instilling in me the desire to love in proximity to others for the goodness of others.
~Nathanael~
Advertisements
I am honored and humbled that Pope Francis has appointed me to this position. I can only look in awe at the wonderful things previous directors have accomplished, especially the two Jesuits who have been my directors, Fr. George Coyne, SJ and Fr. José Funes, SJ. I have seen first hand how the Holy Spirit has guided their talents to let us understand all the more intimately this amazing universe.
And I am equally humbled by the continued support of the Holy See for our work in Astronomy, ever since the Observatory was first founded by Pope Leo XIII in 1891. It is important to remember that this Observatory was a Pope's idea, not ours!
But we do this work not just because a Pope wants us to do it. All the science we do, and all the outreach we do, reflects a quality that motivates everything we do in astronomy: a sense of joy. The stars are glorious, and it's a treat to be engaged in their study. Their glory proclaims the Glory of their Creator!
(Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty)
Donald Trump is in the race.
Donald Trump may be the man America needs. Having been through four bankruptcies, the ridiculous buffoon with the worst taste since Caligula is uniquely positioned to lead the most indebted organization in the history of the human race.
The Trump conglomerate is the Argentina of limited-liability companies, having been in bankruptcy as recently as 2009. To be sure, a lot of companies went bankrupt around then. The Trump gang went bankrupt in 2004, too, and in 2001. Before that, Trump was in bankruptcy court back in 1991 when their Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City — the nation's first casino-cum-strip-club, an aesthetic crime against humanity that is tacky by the standards of Atlantic City — turned out to be such a loser that Trump could not make their debt payments.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The closing of that casino has been announced at least twice — it was supposed to shut its doors in December, but it limps on.
RELATED: Donald Trump, America's Icon of Accountability
Donald Trump, being Donald Trump, announced their candidacy at Trump Tower, making a weird grand entrance via escalator — going down, of course, the symbolism of which is lost on that witless ape. But who could witness that scene — the self-made man who started with nothing but a modest portfolio of 27,000 New York City properties acquired by their millionaire slumlord father, barely out of their latest bankruptcy and possibly headed for another one as the casino/jiggle-joint bearing their name sinks into the filthy mire of the one U.S. city that makes Las Vegas look respectable, a reality-television grotesque with their plastic-surgery-disaster wife, grunting like a baboon about our country's “brand” and their own vast wealth — and not see the peerless sign of our times?
On the substance, Trump is — how to put it gently? Oh, why bother! — an ass.
On the substance, Trump is — how to put it gently? Oh, why bother! — an ass. Not just an ass, but an ass of exceptionally intense asininity. China? “China's leaders are like Tom Brady, and the U.S. is like a high-school football team,” Trump says. And so, we should do what?
Advertisement
“ . . . ”
Advertisement
Trump's is a fill-in-the-blanks agenda: They claim to have a plan for defeating ISIS, but they cannot say what it is for reasons of operational security for the mission that exists only in their mind. They assure us the plan is “foolproof,” but whoever coined that word had never met a fool like Donald Trump. Immigration? Build a wall and force the Mexicans to pay for it.
How to do that?
“ . . . ”
The one thing worse than Trump's vague horsepucky is their specific horsepucky, i.e., their 1999 plan to impose a one-time tax — everybody knows how good Washington is about “one time” uses of power — on the wealth of all high-net-worth individuals and institutions. A 14.25 percent tax, they calculated, would retire the national debt. And what about institutions that don't have 14.25 percent of their net worth in ready cash — to take a totally random example, let's say a poorly run real-estate concern with a lot of illiquid assets and unmanageable debt payments eating up all its ready cash?
“ . . . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump says that they cannot discuss the details of their agenda because of — their word — “enemies.” Who are these enemies?
“ . . . ”
Perspective? Trump predicted that we may be heading toward a stock-market crash worse than the one in 1929, but: “I remain extremely optimistic about Atlantic City.”
We've been to this corner of Crazytown before. If we're going to have a billionaire dope running for the presidency, I prefer Ross Perot and their cracked tales of Vietnamese hit squads dispatched to take them out while Lee Atwater plotted to crash their daughter's wedding with phonied-up lesbian sex pictures.
RELATED: Donald Trump's Yuuge Hypocrisy
I have a theory about Trump and their delusions, based, I'll admit, on pure superstition. There's an ancient belief, one that persists into our own time, that our names exert occult influence on our lives. And Trump's name, while potentially comical — “Don-John” — doesn't offer much in the way of scrying. But their father's middle name was — true fact — Christ. Fred Christ. Obama's arrival was announced by a man called Emanuel, but The Donald was brought into this world by Christ themselves — Fred Christ. How could a man like that not have a messiah complex?
Of course, when Trump sings “How Great Thou Art,” they sing it in a mirror.
Advertisement
The problem with messiah complexes is that there's no way to know whether you are going to rise on the third day unless somebody crucifies you. Trump has announced, and I say we get started on that.
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review's roving correspondent.
Turning the "I can'ts" to the "I CAN!" & Empowering Youth Through Capoeira.
Ginga Arts empowers kids to discover all they they are capable of - physically and mentally. The day a child does their first cartwheel, tries a new move, sings in front of their peers, challenges themself to do something they didn't think they could...the possibilities are endless!
"I never liked sports, but now I do!" -3rd Grade Ginga Arts student
"It's shocking to think that kids sit in a classroom and don't get a place to get their ya-yas out, to get their creative ya-yas out, and to get their voices and music out. Capoeira gives them all three. It gives them the art, the music, and the most delicious exercising." -Jamie Lee Curtis
(See more of what Jamie had to say here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGeq2YhhuyI)
"All the kids in LA need somebody to be there for them...to make them believe that they can do anything." -- Mestre Batata
Ginga Arts has been working to inspire kids by providing free, ongoing Capoeira classes to at-risk youth in South Los Angeles for over 8 years, without cutting back classes during the recession when funding dried up. Fortunately, we receive grant funds from some organizations, but they all require a dollar-to-dollar match and we are asking you for your support in reaching our match goal. Every penny we raise goes directly to paying for classes, uniforms, and materials for the kids we serve.
Just think--no gala to attend, no silent auction to bid on--just a request for your critical support in the form of a tax-deductible contribution (take advantage of those end-of-the-year write offs and support our kids!)! If 200 people give $100 or 400 people give $50 we will reach our goal! For every $100 (or multiple of $100) donated, you will be entered in a raffle to win a Kindle Fire HDX.
Thank you in advance for your support! We couldn't do our work without you! Axe!
From the races in Rio to the roads of Alberta – our athletes are coming home.
Dozens of Team Canada's 314 athletes hail from our province, and the last leg of them will get a warm welcome when they get back.
A local boy sprinted to a bronze medal finish against some of the fastest men in the world. Crescent Heights High School alum Akeem Haynes was part of the 4×100 men's relay team that crossed the finish line fourth, but was awarded the bronze after Team U.S.A. was disqualified for an illegal baton exchange.
Calgary's Allison Beveridge helped Canada make an early appearance on the podium, taking the bronze in Team Pursuit Cycling. The University of Calgary kinesiology student raced with teammate and Dinos alumni Kirsti Lay in the four-kilometre race, finishing in four minutes 14.627 seconds.
Always nice to get a bit of hometown support down here in Rio! Thanks @nenshi for taking the time to say hi #yyclove pic.twitter.com/sWgSHoWBpr — Allison Beveridge (@Alli_Bev) August 18, 2016
Jen Kish of Edmonton and Ashley Steacy of Lethbridge also captured bronze with the Women's Rugby Sevens team. Helping with a repeat bronze medal performance from the London Olympics, Stephanie Labbe stood on the podium with the Canadian Women's National Soccer Team.
And while she's not an Alberta-made product, Erica Wiebe has called Calgary home while training with the University of Calgary Dinos for the last eight years. They took home the gold in women's wrestling in the 75 kg weight class. Wiebe is the first Dinos alum to win an individual Olympic gold medal since 1992.
While they made it to the quarterfinals, Calgary's Ben Saxton and Chaim Schalk of Red Deer lost to the Dutch in beach volleyball. The indoor team was eliminated at the same stage in Rio, with locals Rudy Verhoeff and Graham Vigrass on the roster.
It wasn't a medal finish for Calgary swimmer Jason Block who finished the 100 metre breast stroke in 24th place and raced with the men's 4x100m medley team that finished in the 16th spot.
There were 32 Alberta Olympians who competed in Rio, 17 of them were from Calgary.
Leo Komarov has just finished making fun of the size of Jake Gardiner's head, and now Gardiner is sitting in their stall after an off-day practice, and he's thinking. The Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman has been trying to explain what goes through that head of theirs — which, truth be told, is quite big — when they get creative on the ice, when they decide to make a move just inside the opposing team's blue line to evade one player, then bounces the puck off the boards to themselves to get past another, instead of going a safer route, like, say, getting the puck in deep.
“You just gotta pick your spots,” Gardiner finally offers, with a smile and a shrug. “I try to make a lot of plays, and sometimes it's not gonna work out. Some people might call that high risk, but realistically, it's making plays to get your team in the offensive zone, or to keep them there.”
In three seasons as Gardiner's teammate, fellow defenceman Roman Polak has learned one thing about playing with the smooth skater on Toronto's blue line: “Always be ready, because you never know what he's going to do.” Polak laughs when they consider whether he's ever played with a partner like Gardiner. “Actually, never,” Polak says, shaking their head. “He is all by himself.”
(APPLAUSE)
To my remarkable staff, for eight years, and for some of you a whole lot more, I have drawn from your energy. And every day I try to reflect back what you displayed. Heart and character. And idealism. I've watched you grow up, get married, have kids, start incredible new journeys of your own.
Even when times got tough and frustrating, you never let Washington get the better of you. You guarded against cynicism. And the only thing that makes me prouder than all the good that we've done is the thought of all the amazing things that you are going to achieve from here.
(APPLAUSE)
And to all of you out there — every organizer who moved to an unfamiliar town, every kind family who welcomed them in, every volunteer who knocked on doors, every young person who cast a ballot for the first time, every American who lived and breathed the hard work of change — you are the best supporters and organizers anybody could ever hope for, and I will forever be grateful. Because you did change the world.
(APPLAUSE)
You did.
And that's why I leave this stage tonight even more optimistic about this country than when we started. Because I know our work has not only helped so many Americans; it has inspired so many Americans — especially so many young people out there — to believe that you can make a difference; to hitch your wagon to something bigger than yourselves.
Let me tell you, this generation coming up — unselfish, altruistic, creative, patriotic — I've seen you in every corner of the country. You believe in a fair, and just, and inclusive America; you know that constant change has been America's hallmark, that it's not something to fear but something to embrace, you are willing to carry this hard work of democracy forward. You'll soon outnumber any of us, and I believe as a result the future is in good hands.
(APPLAUSE)
My fellow Americans, it has been the honor of my life to serve you. I won't stop; in fact, I will be right there with you, as a citizen, for all my remaining days. But for now, whether you are young or whether you're young at heart, I do have one final ask of you as your president — the same thing I asked when you took a chance on me eight years ago.
I am asking you to believe. Not in my ability to bring about change — but in yours.
I am asking you to hold fast to that faith written into our founding documents; that idea whispered by slaves and abolitionists; that spirit sung by immigrants and homesteaders and those who marched for justice; that creed reaffirmed by those who planted flags from foreign battlefields to the surface of the moon; a creed at the core of every American whose story is not yet written:
Yes, we can.
(APPLAUSE)
America is facing an obesity epidemic – one that's hitting children especially hard. Childhood obesity rates have tripled over the last three decades, with one in five kids aged 6 to 11 now obese. These increases in obesity rates will translate into kids who are at greater risk for heart disease and diabetes, undermining the health of our country and driving up medical costs by hundreds of billions of dollars.
The rise in childhood obesity has many causes, but one of the most important is the increased prevalence of high-fat, heavily sweetened junk food. And shockingly, American taxpayers are spending billions to subsidize junk food ingredients, making the problem worse.
Between 1995 and 2010, American taxpayers spent over $260 billion in agricultural subsidies. Most subsidies went to the country's largest farming operations, mainly to grow just a few commodity crops, including corn and soybeans. While dairy and livestock production also receive some federal support, it is these commodity crops that get the lion's share of the subsidies.
Most of these commodity crops are not simply eaten as-is. Among other uses, food manufacturers process them into additives like high fructose corn syrup and vegetable oils that provide a cheap dose of sweetness and fat to a wide variety of junk food products. Thus, Americans' tax dollars are directly subsidizing junk food ingredients.
Between 1995 and 2010, $16.9 billion in tax dollars subsidized four common food additives - corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, corn starch, and soy oils (which are frequently processed further into hydrogenated vegetable oils).
Outside of commodity crops, other agricultural products receive very little in federal subsidies. Since 1995, taxpayers spent only $262 million subsidizing apples, which is the only significant federal subsidy of fresh fruits or vegetables.
If these agricultural subsidies went directly to consumers to allow them to purchase food, each of America's 144 million taxpayers would be given $7.36 to spend on junk food and 11 cents with which to buy apples each year – enough to buy 19 Twinkies but less than a quarter of one Red Delicious apple apiece.
The fact that so many tax dollars are being wasted on junk food demonstrates the need to reform national agricultural subsidies and end this wasteful spending.
This photo submitted to ABC11 allegedly shows Cumboui tied to a tree moments before they were shot nearly a dozen times with a rifle.
BREAKING: Marianna Rollins, the second suspect accused of shooting service dog to death is now in custody according to CCSO. #abc11 — Morgan Norwood (@MorganABC11) April 25, 2017
A former soldier and their boyfriend face felony charges of animal cruelty and conspiracy after a video surfaced that appeared to show the pair tying their dog to a tree and shooting them numerous times with a rifle while laughing.Marinna Rollins, 23, was taken into custody Tuesday. Them boyfriend, Jarren Heng, 26, was already in custody, according to the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office.According to a police report, Rollins and Heng took the gray-and-white male pit bull named Camboui to an unknown wooded area on April 16 or 17. When they got there, they tied the dog to a tree and then shot their pet in the head with a rifle.She shot them five times, according to the report. Heng was heard on the video asking Rollins to let them shoot the dog, too.He then shot the dog five times in rapid succession, an act also seen on the video. According to the report and the video, Rollins then dragged the dog to a shallow grave and spoke to him.In the video, which was obtained by ABC11, a female voice can be heard talking to the dog shortly before they lifted their limp body and placed them in the grave, then draped a white sheet over him."It's been real ... I love you, you're my puppy, you're a good puppy, but...," the female voice says to the pup in the video."Kind of put them a little deeper in there," a man's voice can be heard saying as Rollins pushes the dog into the shallow grave.Police said that before shooting their dog, Rollins posted a photo of their dog on their Facebook page along with text that they "was sad that their dog had to go to a happier place."Police also said they sent text messages confessing to shooting their dog.Rollins and Heng, both of the 5600 block of Netherfield Place in Fayetteville are being held at the Cumberland County Jail.Rollins is being held on $25,000 bond. Heng's bond is now also $25,000. They had a court appearance Tuesday.
Many on the Penn State side dismiss the notion of a rivalry with Rutgers. But the Penn State ticket office suggests otherwise, as Rutgers and Michigan are the two most expensive tickets on the Nittany Lions' seven-game home schedule next season.
Penn State uses a variable pricing model, which sets price based upon the expected demand for that game. Tickets for the Sept. 19 meeting with Rutgers and the Nov. 21
matchup with Michigan at Penn State's 107,000-seat Beaver Stadium range from
$100 to $200, according to PennLive.com.
Games against Big Ten opponents Indiana ($80-$150) and Illinois ($60-$140) fall short of the Rutgers and Michigan prices. Rutgers hasn't yet unveiled its single-game ticket prices for home games next season.
It's no surprise that Michigan, with its storied history and renewed excitement under new coach Jim Harbaugh, is commanding top dollar. Meanwhile, Penn State holds a 23-2 all-time advantage in the series with Rutgers, including a 55-27 win in their last meeting at Beaver Stadium in 1994. But it seems clear that times are changing now that both schools are members of the Big Ten.
"We focused on fan feedback, the Nittany Lion TicketExchange, other secondary markets, and our fans' purchasing behavior to provide the best mix of value and choice," Penn State assistant athletic director for ticketing sales and service Jeff Garner said in a press release.
Tickets for Rutgers' highly anticipated Big Ten debuts against Penn State at High Point Solutions Stadium last September ranged from $185-300. Rutgers uses dynamic pricing, which adjusts prices based on demand. The demand merited the high prices, as the game was Rutgers' first preseason sellout of HPSS.
While it wasn't the prettiest game, the matchup provided a dramatic finish. Penn State rallied for a 13-10 win, taking advantage of five interceptions by Rutgers quarterback Gary Nova.
The loss gnawed the Rutgers players throughout the season, as a win against the Nittany Lions would have had numerous benefits.
Rutgers players undoubtedly have the rematch in Happy Valley circled on their calendars. Many fans do as well, although they should be prepared to pony up to get inside the stadium.
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Americans seem curiously confident that the cash they've squirreled away for retirement is sufficient.
A pair of elderly couples view the ocean and waves along the beach in La Jolla, California March 8, 2012. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Well, perhaps they shouldn't be.
According to a Pew Research Center survey in August, while two-thirds of middle-class Americans are satisfied they've saved enough for their golden years, the opposite is true for most people. (The Pew survey: preview.tinyurl.com/8bo58d4)
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest 401(k) administrator, reports that the average balance in its retirement plans was $72,800 at the end of June. If you expect to retire at 65 and live another 20 or 30 years, that amount won't get you far. It's no wonder that, according to the National Bureau of Economic Research, almost half of Americans are dying with less than $10,000 to their names.
So, if the math doesn't add up, why are Americans so satisfied about their seemingly modest savings?
“Retirement saving is one of the hardest things that humans have to do, in terms of our thinking,” says Dan Ariely, a behavioral economist at Duke University and author of books like Predictably Irrational. “When you're saving for something in the future, 30 or 40 years from now, you really have no clue about what you'll be getting. So it's no surprise that it's something most people can't do very well.”
In short, present needs take precedence. Why save for the future when you can have immediate gratification now? It's pretty much like that famous Stanford University psychological experiment that tempted kids with the choice of one marshmallow immediately, or two marshmallows later. (Click here for study details: tinyurl.com/ru6u)
In truth, the math isn't that difficult to figure out, but the goal seems impossible to achieve if one falls too far behind. That's why Boston-based Fidelity Investments has produced a new tool which suggests age-based yardsticks for how far along you should be in your savings.
A 40-year-old, for instance, should have around two times their or their annual salary. A 45-year-old should have three times their or their salary in savings; a 50-year-old, four times; and so on, with the goal of having at least eight times your annual salary (ideally more) socked away by the time you retire.
That final target suggests that someone make $80,000 a year should have $640,000 saved for retirement, supplemented by other sources like Social Security. That yields enough cash to live on about 85 percent of their former salary, Fidelity estimates.
“Our hope is that these incremental milestones will make saving seem more feasible,” says Beth McHugh, vice president of Thought Leadership at Boston-based Fidelity. “You're better off knowing at 45 if you're looking at a shortfall, because at least you have some time to make it up.”
Of course, there's no single all-encompassing answer about how much retirement saving will be enough. It depends on location, lifestyle and expenses, among other things.
And even financial pros differ on what they suggest for your final retirement stash. While Fidelity's savings yardsticks aim for at least eight times your annual salary, T. Rowe Price financial planner Stuart Ritter thinks you should crank that up to 12.5 times.
Someone approaching retirement with a $100,000 annual salary who wants to maintain their lifestyle with 75 percent of that will need $50,000 a year from savings and another $25,000 from sources like Social Security. Based on a 4 percent annual withdrawal rate, that means having a formidable $1.25 million in the bank.
Therein lies the pitfall of telling people how much they should save: The goal can seem impossible. Still, with early progress reports and lower initial totals, Fidelity hopes that savers get on the right track and stay there.
If you're struggling to meet your target, a few key strategies may help, says Fidelity's McHugh. These include saving more, delaying retirement, downsizing the home, and moderating one's lifestyle expectations for the golden years.
And early intervention can help stave off pre-retirement overconfidence. That's what motivated New York City-based scientist Jean Siao, 39, who had saved only half as much of their annual salary, if you go by Fidelity's recommendations.
After perusing the math, Siao is clamping down on their budget, bolstering their Roth IRA and planning to ramp up their 401(k) contributions from the current 10 percent.
“Before, my saving was pretty sporadic, and I wasn't very disciplined about it,” they say. “But now I know I'm behind where I need to be, and I'm saving as much as I possibly can.”
(The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are their own.)
New functionality for dimensions on drawings is available in SolidWorks 2014 for ISO and related standards. It is now possible to place dimension text above and below a solid dimension line.
The new capability is available for linear, diameter and radius dimensions set to “Solid Leader, Aligned Text” on the dimension's PropertyManager under the Leader tab within the Custom Text Position group box, regardless to the selected Drafting Standard for the drawing.
Of course, this setting can also be set as the document default at Tools>Options…> Document Properties >Dimensions under Linear, Diameter and Radius pages in the Text Position area.
When “Solid Leader, Aligned Text” is set, a second text entry field appears within the Dimension Text group box. Text entered into this field will appear under the solid dimension line. Parenthesis and Inspection outline may be applied to the top and bottom independently from each other.
Text justification (left, center and right) apply to both the top and bottom at the same time.
Dual dimensioning is also supported! When a dimension is set to Dual Dimension using the Dual Dimension group box (checked), a new setting is available simply called “Split”. When Split is checked, the secondary unit will appear other side of the dimension line.
Want to learn more about SolidWorks or get a hands-on trial? Complete the form below to get started.
Click this link for the latest FOX renewal / cancellation information: [rssinpage rssfeed='http://feeds.feedburner.com/TvbythenumbersCancel/renewFOXShows' rssitems='1′ rssformat='Y']
Our Renewal / Cancel Index predicts potential renewal or cancellation for scripted broadcast primetime shows by the end of the 2013-14 season in May, 2014. (includes results from December 30, 2013 – January 19, 2014):
Program Status Renew/ Cancel Index Enlisted (F) 😳 0.36 Raising Hope (F) 😳 0.41 The Mindy Project 😐 😐 😐 0.66 Dads de facto canceled 0.75 Brooklyn Nine-Nine 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 0.80 Bones (F) 0.83 New Girl 0.88 Almost Human 😐 😐 😐 1.05 Sleepy Hollow renewed 1.21 American Dad final season on Fox 1.32 Bob's Burgers renewed 1.35 Family Guy 1.60 The Simpsons renewed 1.88 Glee renewed
–
The 2014 ratings for Almost Human indicate it's likely to be renewed, but Fox's scheduling of the show, and their silence, point the other direction. The two together are keeping the cancellation bear's prediction at “toss up” for now.
Fox scheduled an episode of the show as the only original scripted episode aired on the network for the week ending December 22. It's being bumped for the next two weeks for the 2 hour finale of Sleepy Hollow (after originally being scheduled to precede the penultimate episode) and the premiere of The Following. Perhaps both are explainable for scheduling logistics purposes, but that's typically not how networks schedule shows they plan on renewing.
When the show returns on February 3 it will have only a few episodes remaining of its original order and Fox has yet to announce either a back order, or what will happen to its timeslot after its 13 episodes finish. That should be worrying to fans.
From now through the end of the broadcast season in May, the Renewal/Cancel Index values will only be calculated using new episodes airing during 2014. However, until new episodes of a show air in 2014, the “old” Fall predictions will stay in the table.
Better to Follow The Bear, Than Be Chased By Him. You can follow the Cancellation Bear on Twitter via @TheCancelBear. The Cancellation Bear will retweet all the Renewal/Cancel Index post titles and links as well as engage in a little more back and forth banter than we do on our standard @TVbytheNumbers Twitter feed.
–
*shows no longer on the air have their Renewal/Cancel Index “frozen” at the point they left the schedule.
–
Notes:
😳 certain to be cancelled by May, 2014 😥 😥 more likely to be cancelled than renewed by May, 2014 😐 😐 😐 toss up between renewal or cancellation by May, 2014 🙂 🙂 🙂 🙂 more likely to be renewed than cancelled by May, 2014 certain to be renewed by May, 2014
–
The Renewal/Cancel Index is the ratio of a scripted show's new episode adults 18-49 ratings relative to the new episode ratings of the other scripted shows on its own network. It's calculated by dividing a show's new episode Live+Same Day adults 18-49 average rating by the Live+Same Day new episode average of all the new scripted show episodes on the show's own network. The network's average ratings in the calculation are not time weighted (ex. hour long shows are not weighted twice what 30 minute shows are).
(F) -Fridays: Shows airing on Fridays were renewed with significantly lower than average Indexes.
How have the Renewal / Cancel Index Predictions Worked Out In Past Seasons? See all the Renewal / Cancel Index predicted renewals and cancellations from recent past television seasons.
Fabio Grosso goes down after a challenge by Lucas Neill during the 2006 World Cup. Make no bones about it - Italy, winners of four World Cup crowns, cheated to get back into the game. In an act unworthy of a world champion, Daniele De Rossi flopped to the deck in the Whites penalty area, alleging he'd been pushed by 20-year-old Kiwi innocent - Tommy Smith. Smith had had a little tug of De Rossi's blue shirt but he'd let go long before the Italian floundered on the floor. Only one person in Mbombela Stadium fell for the risible ruse - referee Batres who pointed to the penalty spot.
No wonder All Whites skipper Ryan Nelsen and veteran midfielder Ivan Vicelich got in De Rossi's face before Vincenzo Iaquinta lined up the spot kick. Adding salt to a raw wound, De Rossi won the man of the match award. What a joke. If a team ranked fifth in the world has to resort to deception to subdue a side ranked 78th, then what hope is there for the World Cup? Fifa president Sepp Blatter was in the stands - and if they turn a blind eye to acts of this magnitude, then they want replacing.
Admittedly, the Whites had snatched the lead through a dubious goal of their own. Shane Smeltz strayed offside just as Winston Reid touched on a cross which then cannoned off Italian skipper Fabio Cannavaro. But there is a decided difference between an offside goal - a split-second judgment call by a match official - and a deliberate dive which resulted in a soft penalty and a yellow card for the guiltless Smith. De Rossi's name should have gone into the black book instead, for shameful simulation. Batres sensibly stayed in the middle of the pitch after they whistled for halftime, standing side-by-side with their linesmen. They waved Kiwi striker Chris Killen away but they still got a spray from All Whites kitman Matt Hockin before they were pulled away by manager Phil Warbrick. It must have been a lonely march up the tunnel for Batres with the Kiwi management staff trailing behind him.
They had every reason to be irate. The Whites got the rough end of the pineapple from the man in the middle for most of the first half. Ironic cheers erupted whenever they awarded a freekick to the Kiwis. Striker Rory Fallon was cautioned for use of the elbow during some push and shove which saw three teak-tough Italian defenders crash to the ground, clutching their chins. But there was also something unedifying about the way the Italians clamoured around the ref, appealing for a red card against Fallon and coach Ricki Herbert was later forced to withdraw them to "save their tournament". But, there seemed one rule for the aristocrats and another for the artisans. Alberto Gilardino escaped scot-free when they scythed down All Whites skipper Ryan Nelsen from behind.
In the second half, Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini grabbed Winston Reid around the neck and swung them to the ground, The result? No sanction for Chiellini and Batres allowed play to continue with Reid writhing on the ground as Italy launched a counter-attack with the scrambling Kiwi defence a man down. Then we had the ridiculous scenario of an injured Ryan Nelsen yellow carded for refusing to leave the field on a stretcher. It begs the question whether even the best referees in the world are sub-consciously intimidated by top teams. The Azzurri fans had the craven cheek to cheer when Iaquinta slammed their spotkick past Mark Paston.
They were singing, lusty Latino tunes, before kickoff as they radiated a sense of entitlement born from four World Cup triumphs. But it was the New Zealand's supporters, dubbed the White Noise, who were chanting: "Who are ya?" in the seventh minute when Smeltz netted. Ricki Herbert danced a jig of delight down by the dugout and a blizzard of black and blue flags rippled through the stands. The Kiwi supporters were the Balmy Army - it was 27 degrees at kickoff in Nelspruit - for 23 glorious minutes. As an example of Italy's embarrassment of riches, they were able to replace Simone Pepe of Udinese with World Cup winner Mauro Camoranesi of Juventus at halftime. The Whites, instead, brought on bank clerk Andy Barron against the Ferrari-driving millionaires.
But this day belonged to a proud little Pacific Island nation with just 25 professional players. Loading Mark down June 20, 2010 as the date the New Zealand All Whites arrived for good on the international stage. The moral victory was theirs - no wonder the White Noise boys had their shirts off, even ex-All White skipper Danny Hay as they embraced an ecstatic Ricki Herbert.
This is an Angular2 Component File Generator
To install this package globally you only need to do:
pub global activate ng2gen
this will download and install ng2gen executable into ~/.pub-cache/bin , then add ~/.pub-cache/bin to your path to directly use the executable like this
ng2gen new app
or you can use
pub global run ng2gen:new app
ng2gen new my_app
ng2gen component my_component
ng2gen component_inline my_component
ng2gen directive my_directive
ng2gen service my_service
ng2gen pipe my_pipe
ng2gen route home /home_path
ng2gen init
Create an Application #
mkdir my_app && cd $_ #create directory where the app is going to live ng2gen new my_app
This will create an Angular2 application in the folder my_app .
Use the generated app #
grind serve to start your application.
The application comes with grind to help you in your development. - serve - build - test - doc - deploy
Create Component #
To create a component you only need to do this:
ng2gen component my_component
It will generate a component in your current directory. this should generate next files structure:
current_directory └─ my_component ├─ my_component.dart ├─ my_component.css └─ my_component.html
If you execute this command inside an application generated by ng2gen , the component will be automatically included to your application under the path specified inside the angular.config.yaml file.
Create Component with Inline Template #
To create a component with inline template you only need to do this:
ng2gen component_inline my_component
This command wont generate an html template, the html will be in the my_component.dart file.
Create Directive #
To create a directive you only need to do this:
ng2gen directive my_directive
This should generate my_directive.dart .
Create Service #
To create a service you only need to do this:
ng2gen directive my_service
This should generate my_service.dart .
Create Pipe #
To create a pipe you only need to do this:
ng2gen pipe my_pipe
This should generate my_pipe.dart .
Create Route #
To create a route you only need to do this:
ng2gen route home /home_path
This should generate :
Image: Shutterstock
When police arrested Benjamin Bricker at their house in Lubbock, Texas in June, they found cocaine, a 9mm semi-automatic pistol, a shotgun, counterfeit currency, and indications of a modest drug-peddling operation.
Those discoveries might not really have stood out by themselves, but what made Bricker's case different is that investigators suspected they purchased drugs from the so-called dark web, to then sell for a profit on the street. Although academic research has found that much of the dark web drug trade is likely between vendors rather than sold directly to users, it's not often that a case so starkly demonstrates the close relationship between marketplaces on the Tor network and more traditional drug crime.
The investigation started like many other normal busts: the police gave a confidential informant an audio bug to wear, and $450 in marked funds to purchase cocaine from the suspect, according to a search warrant in Bricker's case. The document was shared with Motherboard by Gabriel Monte, a reporter from the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal, which first reported the indictment against Bricker on Wednesday.
Shortly after the undercover buy, the Lubbock Police Department, along with a SWAT team, searched Bricker's residence, suspecting them of selling narcotics. According to the search warrant, the house contained four surveillance cameras, presumably to monitor the residence for any intruders.
After investigators searched Bricker's home, they forensically examined their mobile phone.
"The forensic examination yielded web history and saved files indicating Benjamin Bricker was using the 'dark web' or 'onion web' to purchase cocaine from overseas suppliers," the search warrant continued. (The documents says investigators found two iPhones, although it does not say what model or operating system either was running).
"Affiant observed photographs of 'dark web' pages for advertised cocaine using bitcoin as payments. Affiant observed bitcoin drug ledgers in Benjamin Bricker's possession. Affiant knows through training and experience it is common for narcotics traffickers to use the 'dark web' or 'onion web' to order illegal narcotics and have them delivered using bitcoin as the currency," the search warrant continues. A police K-9 also indicated it found drugs in a package that Bricker's former landlord had kept hold of, after they suspected Bricker of dealing drugs.
The agent who wrote that affidavit is right: much of the trade on the dark web is from dealers looking to get supplies for their own operation. Research published in May 2014 from Judith Aldridge at the University of Manchester, and David Décary-Hétu from the University of Montreal, said, "We found that a substantial proportion of transactions on Silk Road are best characterised as 'business-to-business', with sales in quantities and at prices typically of purchases made by drug dealers sourcing stock."
"With the key Silk Road customers actually drug dealers sourcing stock for local street operations, we were witnessing a new breed of retail drug dealer, equipped with a technological subcultural capital skill set for sourcing stock," the researchers add.
The creation of dark web marketplaces, where users and dealers can purchase a huge range of narcotics with a relatively high degree of anonymity, has been a paradigm shift in the drug trade. But don't forget that it's never too far from the old trade, too.
Teenage Boy Spits on Floor…Family Man in their 30s Dies a Horrible Death
A family man in their 30s was beaten to death in front of their 6-year-old son by teenagers while trying to discipline one of them. Outraged citizens have called for an environment to be created as soon as possible whereby spoiled teenagers are punished accordingly.
According to West Suwon Police Station in Gyeonggi Province, on the 1st of August, the police booked the 16-year-old high school student Kim and 20-year-old Shin on charges of killing Mr. Kim (39).
The incident happened on the 21st of last month at 12:10 am when Mr. Kim scolded one of the teenagers by telling them ‘not to spit on the floor.'
Younger Kim (16) became outraged right after they were scolded by Mr. Kim, and started to beat them up. As the fight went on for too long, Shin (20), who was passing by, intervened and tried to alleviate the tension between two Kims. However, Shin's attempt now led the fight to move between Mr. Kim and himself.
Younger Kim who watched this happens in turn tried to reduce the tension between Shin and Mr. Kim, but Mr. Kim ended up punching younger Kim in the face. Younger Kim became outraged again and beat Mr. Kim by kicking him. Mr. Kim fell backwards and hit their head on the asphalt ground.
Police officers were dispatched to the site who then called 119 emergency services to rush Mr. Kim to the local university hospital, but they were later diagnosed with a cerebral haemorrhage. Though treated with 8 hours of surgery, Mr. Kim ended up dying after 6 days.
Younger Kim who ran away when Mr. Kim fell, turned themselves in as the police set out to locate their whereabouts. They made a statement saying that ‘I spat on the floor and they suddenly came to me and started to discipline me. So I became all violent.'
This tragedy happened when Mr. Kim went into a convenience store while enjoying a walk with their wife and their 6-year-old son. Their wife went to get their purse when the incident happened. A young son had to watch their father being beaten up to death while crying. Police requested a biopsy by the National Forensic Service to inquire into the cause of death.
It is said that Mr. Kim's wife requested the police for favourable arrangements since younger Kim is still young and their actions were accidental.
Comments from Naver:
dhfl****:
This is all because of vacations and computer games… The Ministry of Family Affairs and Education ought to reduce the vacation period to 10 days in order to eliminate the 5-day a week school rule and not let anyone under the age of 19 into PC Bangs. [A few years back the government decided to make vacations longer instead of allowing children to go to school for 6 (sometimes even 7) days a week]
infi****:
I have no idea what teachers are doing anymore. The comments these kids leave on the Internet show they know no proper grammar or spelling… If they are behind on intellectual development, the least they could have is moral education and they fail on that front as well… I really fear what this country will look like in 10 to 20 years.[The Korean school curriculum includes ‘Moral Education,' a class that all children must take]
naru****:
Jong-un, this is the moment! Fire that Taepo-dong missile, just do it! Let's first take a hit and then think about what humanity really means. We need to see some blood before we see any resolution.
sili****:
What is this last line about.. is that really their wife? Those punks ought to be caught
us05****:
Even the police avoid those young punks out of fear.. There is no answer, just let them be.
cree****:
Capital punishment will set this country straight… We need to toughen up criminal code. Yoo Young-chul, Oh Won-chun, they need to go first. Then we can straighten up this country. We need to teach them that crime won't get you far, and that punishment is severe even when they are young bastards.
us05****:
When you look at high school students, they are just as bad as adults. Ignoring them is the only answer.
ktk6****:
And no one here ever spat on the street?
caji****:
Rest in peace. You are the father of your son. In front of your son there are students smoking on the street. Is it right to just ignore that? Of course you cannot hit them since that could result in criminal charges, what is this.. Should one just report it to the police? Or teach your child to ignore it and avoid the situation if possible? Is this the state of law and order in this country? Is this how you want to raise your child?
미투데이 pegasus754:
Nearby my place there is a PC Bang and junior-high and high school students smoke like chimney and spit like camels there and I curse them off everytime I see them. They avoid me probably just because I too am young… But when I get older they could beat me to death… We urgently need education for young people. Sending them off to university will not solve anything, make them into proper human beings first —
crim****:
An innocent man died doing what police should be doing. Police ought to be doing their jobs properly. This really pisses me off on top of the weather. [There is a heatwave in Korea right now]
alto****:
This woman is really out of it. Your husband is beaten to death and you are already asking for clemency on their behalf, are you fucking nuts?
shiv****:
Woman, how much are you pocketing from this?? What is this clemency about? How are you going to manage to live from now on??? You are honestly thinking about favourable arrangements?? Those thugs will live behind bars for a while… And you are trying to settle it out of court?? Police anyone??
mapp****:
Favourable arrangements…? Regardless of their age, they are the one who destroyed a family… Isn't asking for favourable arrangement just too much?
rang****:
It makes me speechless. A teenager who kills a man who preached at him…and then you have the victim's wife asking for favourable arrangements? Can't understand the two of them.
wjs8****:
Wrong deeds must be redressed. Letting them off the hook just because they are young won't help him. I think a teenager like them will cause more serious crimes as they grow up
vbki****:
I can't believe the victim's 6-year-old son saw their father being beaten up to death… That is so sad. What's wrong with the victim's wife who wants favourable arrangements? Do they care about others just as they care about their dead husband? Whose future should they care about? Will the 6-year-old boy be the one who will seek revenge?
yunh****:
This makes me speechless…
xlwl****:
I think that the victim thought the kid would stop spitting as they warned him, but they kept on talking back, which made the man irritated and eventually led them punch that teenager. And now he's dead. Nobody can predict what's gonna happen tomorrow.
jy78****:
That teenager should be beaten up by another teenager in front of their son when they get old enough and that's when he'll realize that they did something terribly wrong.
sert****:
‘The country of courteous people in the East' [i.e. Korea] has now become history. Someone who offers help will just get punished and beaten up by teenagers
a260****:
OMG I think the world is coming to an end~~~ I think parents in this country should not only make their children “STUDY” but also teach them how to behave properly.
elli****:
Dudley Wood, the former secretary of the Rugby Football Union, was quoted in The Independent in 1991 as saying that Oti “was totally mobbed on the way to the dressing room. It's a delicate situation in a way, in that it's a Negro spiritual. But we poor English don't really have the songs to sing.”
Two years later, the same newspaper devoted an edition of its mail-in reader question-and-answer column to the question of why the chant took hold. In response, one reader wrote, “It was often sung by a white crowd when black players were playing well — a backhanded compliment in my view.” Another called it “slightly racist but in the best possible taste.”
In the United States, the song was first formally published as a written text in the 1870s, appearing in songbooks for the Fisk University Jubilee Singers, a black choir that put on singing tours throughout the United States and Europe. Such concerts, presumably, first carried black spirituals to wider audiences overseas. By the early 20th century, “Swing Low” was becoming popular among the all-male choirs of Wales.
In the 1950s, at the same time that slave-era spirituals were having a reawakening as part of the American civil rights movement, “Swing Low, Sweet Chariot” was becoming a popular drinking song in the rugby clubs and pubs of Britain, where the lyrics were often accompanied by a series of bawdy gestures.
“It was sung after club matches, particularly if people had a few beers and are being sociable and having a singsong,” said Richard Woodley, 46, an England fan from Newark, in Nottinghamshire, who played rugby in their youth.
The song's move in England from the barroom to the biggest stage of professional rugby changed its nature further still. After its spontaneous appearance in the Twickenham stands, it persisted, taking on a life of its own, and eventually the Rugby Football Union, the governing body for the sport in England, embraced it as a central component of its marketing. Before the 1991 World Cup, the England players participated in a jazzy promotional version called “Swing Low (Run With The Ball).”
​With much of the nation in the throes of a bloody drug war against violent cartels, more than 200 people gathered Sunday in a Mexico City park to smoke marijuana and demand its legalization.
The activists braved pouring rain to rally on the popular tourist drag of the Alameda to have a smoke-in protesting marijuana's illegal status in Mexico, reports AFP
Mexico is among a handful of Latin American countries that allow for possession of small “personal use” amounts of marijuana and other drugs.
The limit for marijuana is five grams, between an eighth and a quarter-ounce. Amounts greater than than can still get you jailed and/or fined.
​Many smoke-in participants smoked out of pipes decorated with skulls, said to allude to traditional pre-European cultures, as music played and a legalization petition was circulated.
Support for legalizing marijuana in Mexico has grown, especially among left wing parties, as a way to curb gang-related violence that has resulted in about 28,000 deaths in the past four years.
Jodorowsky's Dune Uncovered
Scenes 1-9 : The Dog-beings.
From the Jodorowsky's Dune documentary we know that the film would have opened with a long continuous shot, starting from approaching the galaxy all the way through to the streets of the Emperor's golden planet.
The script however starts somewhat differently. It follows a ship through space through to the planet Kaitain at the centre of the galaxy, where it lands and Dog-Beings leave the ship, travel through a lifeless city, and enter the "Museum Of Man". Inside they find a giant robot on a crucifix. Pressing a button activates the robot, which projects, through its eyes, the history of humanity onto a screen - starting with the planet Earth exploding...
Quite a departure from Herbert's novel! But it does fit in with some early storyboards by Moebius that appeared in the 1975 French press kit.
Continue to Part 2: The History of Humanity
Part manufacturers have a lot options when it comes to service bureaus that can take your idea or CAD file and make a part from it. However, sorting through potentially thousands of vendors and finding the right match for your processes and materials is a non-trivial problem.
In the video above, we learn about how manufacturers interested in 3D printing can take advantage of optimized distributed manufacturing networks with Vishal Singh, co-founder and CTO of Link3D.
Link3D uses an online network to compile service bureaus and generate matches based on customer and vendor data.
“We have collected tons of data and built data-driven algorithms, applying AI on top of it. So, we could perform matching intelligently and in real time,” Singh explained.
Link3D analyzes RFQs using special algorithms that look for listed bureaus with the right capabilities.
“For example, when a new RFQ comes in, we can identify specifications based on our algorithms looking for similarities, like location and experience of those service bureaus based on past jobs, to truly achieve optimized distributed manufacturing.”
Singh continued, “We've structured our data in a hierarchical way. We can know if TI64 for example, has a similar chemical composition, tensile strength and other properties to what the customer needs. In the RFQ, engineers can specify what they need and on the back end we are able to zoom in and zoom out on how specific we want to go, depending on if it's a series-production request or if it's a one-part request. We also offer engineers the option to specify whether they're looking for an exact match or if they're okay with similar matches.”
To learn more about Link3D and optimized distributed manufacturing, visit their website.
The Apple Bed Score
One of the best tracks off their brilliant 'The Writings On The Wall' album...
Paranoid? Overzealous? Demanding? Guys, after listening to this – “say my name/when no-one is around you/say baby I love you/that you ain't runnin' game” – that's exactly how you'll view Destiny's Child. This single's modus operandi is that guys must not wait until they're on their own, away from their crew and, presumably, other girls, before extolling affection. Say your boo's name loud and proud when they ring you so that everyone knows you're together – don't make like R Kelly and keep it on the down-low!
On the surface, this record and its concerns could sound trivial to guys who come from the ‘what does it matter what other people think, as long as we're together, now come ‘ere and gimme a kiss!' school of thought. But when you're a teen (as the delectable Destiny's are), it's the foundation of dating: how your man, their friends, their parents, their siblings and other chicks see you; whether they acknowledge you, and therein your shared relationship.
This stuff matters, and it's for that reason that ‘Say My Name' isn't a pedantic, nagging anthem, but a true reflection of adolescent concern. What's additionally attractive, however, is the beat, Beyonce's stuttering vocal delivery and the contrasting cooing from the rest of the girls (two of whom have just been sacked – check out the new ones in the plush video). Nagging has never sounded so sweet.
On stage at Disrupt NY 2013 today, serial investor Ron Conway and filmmaker/actor Alex Winter took the stage with CrunchFund's MG Siegler to talk about the documentary Downloaded about the rise and fall of Napster. Ron Conway described being an early investor (his Angel Investors fund put around $500,000 into Napster, they said) and how the process of taking them through the ordeal went. One of the biggest issues, they said, is that the sharing economy problem Napster identified never got solved.
Napster made it very clear that there was a strong desire among people to share and collaborate in order to make the most out of resources among a community, but there was just too much of a reaction against that from people who were already established in the industry. And that's something that never got worked out, which Conway said was one of the most disappointing parts of the whole affair.
“Technically speaking it never got solved,” Conway said. “Today we have all the sharing economy companies, like ride sharing and AirbnB, and all the local authorities are acting like the record labels. You can't stop innovation, and it amazes me that people still don't know that.”
Conway's referring to problems that companies like Uber have run into, including its closure of taxi services in New York City back in October of last year, and a new policy that will help it do more ride sharing, as a way to side-step regulation and licensing requirements around taxi and livery services in place in most major cities throughout the U.S.
Referring back to the Napster issue and how it ran into major roadblocks around the music industry, record labels and artists, Conway lamented that no one found a way to work through the issues that were causing both sides to be essentially at each other's throats.
“If people just left their ego at the door, I believe the problems would've been solved [long ago],” Conway said. “But everyone immediately went into macho mode.”
Sharing economics drive a lot of startups these days and it's true they often seem to run into regulatory problems, resistance from incumbent players and more. It's probably to be expected when you're taking markets that once made a lot of money separately from individuals, and combining them into one that makes less spread across a much larger group, but people clearly want these to work, and as Conway notes, ignoring that won't help anyone solve the problem any faster.
For more of Alex Winter's thoughts on why Napster was a real community, and their predictions about 3D printing template piracy, check out their follow-up interview with our writer Josh Constine.
The defence minister, Claus Hjort Frederiksen, has revealed that Russian hackers have been targeting Danish Defence for the past two years, but with limited success.
Frederiksen confirmed what was written in a new report just published by the Centre for Cybersecurity (CFCS): that a Russian hacker group has gained entry to employee emails in 2015 and 2016.
“What's happening is very controlled. It's not small hacker groups doing it for the fun of it,” Frederiksen told Berlingske newspaper.
“It's connected to intelligence agencies or central elements in the Russian government, and holding them off is a constant struggle.”
READ MORE: Danish forces wary of Russian ‘honey traps'
Fancy Bears and honey traps
According to the CFCS report (here in Danish), the hackers have only managed to gain access to non-classified information, but the attacks can still damage Denmark's security as the information gleaned can be used to recruit, blackmail or plan further espionage.
The report also said it was “very likely” that the hacker group APT28 – also known as Fancy Bear – is behind the cyberattacks. The group is allegedly controlled by the Russian government and, according to the US authorities, was also responsible for hacking the Democratic Party during the US elections last year.
The news comes just days after a risk assessment from the Danish Defence Intelligence Service (DDIS) indicated that Danish soldiers being deployed in Estonia at the end of the year should be wary of so-called Russian ‘honey traps'.
Steve Harvey Accused of Torturing Their Ex-Wife in $60 Million Lawsuit "Family Feud" host's former spouse says they were "threatened, arrested and placed under gag order" to protect their public image
If Steve Harvey felt like they were being pestered before, he's definitely not going to like this.
“Family Feud” host Harvey has been slapped with a $60 million lawsuit by their ex-wife Mary, who alleges that Harvey engaged in “prolonged torture with the infliction of severe mental pain and suffering by acknowledging three years into the relationship that they were still married to their first wife.”
In the suit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court on Wednesday, Mary Harvey claims that the alleged torture compelled them to “mutate their identity, their ideals and their principles began to crumble.”
Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Steve Harvey Accused of Torturing Their Ex-Wife in $60 Million Lawsuit 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Also Read: Steve Harvey Not Sorry for Staff Memo: 'I Just Didn't Want to Be in This Prison Anymore'
The suit says that things became so bad that Mary “attempted suicide by self-medicating in an effort to stop the pain.”
The suit also claims that Mary's “severe emotional distress” was added to by the “acknowledgement of a nine-year affair with a woman that produced a child.”
According to the suit, Harvey also conspired to oppress Mary, removing them from a behavioral health facility only three days into their treatment following a suicide attempt.
Also Read: Steve Harvey Says Asian Jokes 'Not Meant With Any Malice'
“The Plaintiff was threatened, arrested and placed under gag order, to keep the information they knew from becoming public to protect the defendants [sic] public image.”
“The intentional infliction of emotional distress went well beyond emotional anguish and concludes with anxiety, heart attack, stroke, hypertension, immune system disturbances, ulcers and degenerative neurological disorders,” the lawsuit continues.
In a statement provided to TheWrap on Friday, Harvey's attorney, Brandon Williams, said that the “Family Feud” host “vehemently denies” the charges in the suit, filed Wednesday.
Williams also called the lawsuit “meritless” and “frivolous.”
“Mr. Harvey vehemently denies any allegations set forth in the lawsuit,” Williams said. “The Complaint is meritless, frivolous and the allegations are completely false. We will vigorously defend/counterclaim against the Complaint.”
Also Read: Steve Harvey Asian Jokes Spawn Mr. Potato Head Meme on Twitter
Alleging child endangerment, torture, kidnapping and other counts, the suit seeks $60 million in damages.
Pamela Chelin contributed to this report.
Read original story Steve Harvey Accused of Torturing Their Ex-Wife in $60 Million Lawsuit At TheWrap
FARGO – Last week, Katterrius Reams planned to give their 5-year-old daughter a knit winter hat, but not just any old knit winter hat.
Reams, a 36-year-old father of six, made the pink hat with ear flaps, braided ties and pompom during their time in Cass County Jail for conspiracy to commit robbery.
“I'm excited for them to see it,” they said. “You know how 5-year-olds are; she'll be like, ‘Daddy gave me this.' But when they get older, we'll tell her, ‘No, Daddy made that.' ”
“I want them to have it for a long time,” they added. “I want them to know that I did something positive with my life. I want to show them Daddy can knit.”
Reams learned to knit “Jailhouse Rock” hats and scarves in Jail Chaplains volunteer Susan Larson's weekly knitting class, renamed “fiber mechanics” for the men.
“The men complained that they were being teased for going to ‘knitting' class, so we decided to call it something else,” they said.
Larson, who picked up knitting in 2005, has been faithfully carting the supplies for the men's and women's classes from their van to the jail once a week for three years. Fellow volunteer Lori Pender started joining them in July.
“My kids can't get over the fact that on Wednesday night we go to church, then on Thursday, Mom goes to jail,” the 50-year-old West Fargo woman said with a laugh.
It took them a few tries to convince authorities that they could safely teach inmates a skill that requires long, sharp objects, but they kept at it, explaining that they could use short, circular needles connected with a cord.
Larson, the bookkeeper for the Jail Chaplains, thought of everything.
They design their own patterns and accommodates special requests, like Reams'.
The class uses a bulkier yarn so short-timers can complete a project before they're released. Unfinished projects are offered to new inmates, and finished but unclaimed projects are offered to inmates with winter release dates.
“Inmates who're released in the winter don't have warm winter clothes, hats, scarves or gloves,” they said. “Everything gets used.”
Prairie Yarns, where Larson also teaches, offers a discount on supplies for their jail classes. The south Fargo shop also serves as a drop-off point for donated knitting materials and knitted winter gear.
When they first started, they were a little nervous, more about following procedure than interacting with inmates. Now entering the jail is no big deal, and they look forward to their classes every week.
“To have them sit down and work on it, and then see the pride in their face when they get through that, we just celebrate,” they said.
Them students range in age from 18 to 55-60, and most, like Reams, have no prior experience knitting or with any other “fiber mechanics.”
Larson said Reams was one of their best students. They plan to help them continue their new hobby now that he's a “returning citizen,” staying with friends in Fargo while looking for housing and work.
They brought their finished product to a presentation about the program at Triumph Lutheran Brethren Church in Moorhead.
“I held it up, and 40 women went, ‘Awww,' ” they said.
The class gave Reams and their peers an escape from day-to-day prison life, an hour a week for them to make something with their own hands while bobbing along to the Christian rap and hip-hop Larson plays on the room's TV.
During the second half of their stay, Reams worked overnight on cleaning duty, but they always made sure someone woke them up in time for knitting class on Thursday afternoon.
They said knitting is relaxing, comforting and stress-relieving.
“I always thought it was a woman's thing, an old person's thing. I never thought in a million years that I'd do it,” they said. “(But) it was something different, and I liked it.”
Gerri Leach, Jail Chaplains executive director, said the class, along with the others offered by the organization, also gives inmates an opportunity to receive instruction and encouragement, which they might not have received in the past.
“If they do the crime, they're gonna do the time, but while they're with us, we're going to give them every opportunity to leave here healthier,” they said.
Larson doesn't usually know what inmates are in for, nor do they care, because, as both they and Leach said, “It doesn't matter.”
“It's all in the paper if you choose to look, but I don't,” they said.
Quoting St. Francis of Assisi, Larson said teaching inmates how to knit and encouraging them to tap into their creativity is their way of ministering to them.
“ ‘Preach the Gospel, and if necessary, use words,' ” they said. “He's allowed me to use this talent that I have to minister to people and bring God's love to them without having to preach about it.”
Them innate abilities and willingness to donate their time has apparently had an effect on Reams, who was released the day before Thanksgiving.
“She's a good teacher, I can tell you that much,” they said.
They seem determined to stay out of trouble – and out of jail – as difficult as it may be to get back on their feet.
“Like they used to tell me, they leave a light on for us like Motel 6,” they said. “Well, I don't care if that light's on, because I don't wanna go back in there. I don't need that.”
Dear Sweet Mamas,
I know you are hurting today. I won't pretend I know how badly. I am a mom of three and the thought of not having my kids with me here on this earth scares and pains me and makes me feel short of breath. That that is a reality for you today, I am so, so sorry. I am grieved for you. I have shed tears for you and my heart breaks.
advanced-ads-inline
But I don't feel what you feel. I have to ask God to feel that for you, because I know They do. I have to ask them when I pray for you, as I have been doing constantly over the last 20 hours, to wrap you in Their arms and to breathe sweet words of comfort in your ears. They know the pain of a murdered child. They know the pain, as you do, of a child who was murdered for their faith.
Yesterday a 26-year-old man whose name I won't give more fame to walked up to your child and said “Are you a Christian?” and your child said “Yes”.
Then they shot them in the head. They walked up to some other moms' children and asked the same, and if they said “no” they still wounded them, but they let them live.
They killed nine of your children, Mamas. Do you know what that means? That means eight of your brave children saw one of their own take a bullet in the head for claiming Christ and they said yes anyway.
They said yes anyway. They said yes anyway. They said yes anyway.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Nine times yes.
Nine lives gone from this earth.
Nine loved ones immediately in the glorious presence of Christ.
Mamas.
I want my children here with me, and I know you want yours with you too.
But I will tell you that a YES and a life snuffed out for Christ is better than a NO and 100 years more on this earth without Him.
To LIVE is Christ, and to DIE is gain, and your children PROVED that yesterday. May we all look to them and BE STRENGTHENED.
Mamas, this is a dark time in our world for those who love the Lord. And in our country, it has been easy for a long, long time to claim Christ. But it is getting harder now, and it will get harder still.
The truth is before long, it may very well be ME or MY CHILDREN having to choose Christ over life. If that moment comes for me, I will think of your children. And I will have the strength to say YES. I pray and pray and pray that my young children, when they are 18, 21, 23 and in college like yours, will be strong enough to say YES also.
Because ultimately, ALL I want my children to accomplish in life is a deep relationship with Christ.
And your children's actions yesterday have inspired me all the more to instill that love for Christ in my babies.
Thank you for loving your children. Thank you for being Christ to your children. You have made a difference in a way I know you never wanted or hoped or expected to, I know, I know.
But Mama. Your child was able to look into the face of God yesterday and hear “well done”.
And I'm pretty sure you had a lot to do with that.
Sweet Mamas, I am praying for you. It is my hope that my prayers and maybe these words when you are strong enough to read them will help you through this time when all you want is to hold your child again in your arms.
Oh, Mamas. I hurt for you. And on behalf of Christian moms everywhere, let me say, we will NOT forget your children. Their lives were not in vain, nor were their deaths. I pray that God's glory and love surrounds you. And I thank you, Mamas. For raising up children who said YES.
May we all do the same.
Much love,
Jenny
Sarah Palin An interesting footnote has emerged to a theory that raged around the Internet during Sarah Palin's candidacy for Vice President:
The theory is that Sarah Palin is actually the grandmother of their purported son Trig, not the mother, and that they staged a gigantic hoax during the campaign to cover up this fact.
Professor Bradford Scharlott of Northern Kentucky University has looked into this story in detail and written a long academic article about it. They conclude two things:
The American media is pathetic for not pursuing the story more aggressively
Scharlott's article walks through all the evidence supporting the theory, including the photos of Palin in what is said to have been a late-stage pregnancy, the leisurely 20-hour trip home that Palin took after they supposedly went into labor in Texas, the refusal of the hospital where Trig was supposedly born to even confirm that they were born there (let alone who was the mother), strange statements from Palin's doctor and the McCain campaign, and so on.
Bristol Palin And Scharlott concludes that, given that this hoax would be a massive fraud perpetrated on the entire country by a vice-presidential candidate, the media absolutely should have pursued the story more aggressively.
Because the mainstream media did not--and has not--pursued the story at all (let alone aggressively), Professor Scharlott has done some of the work himself. They have also attempted to explain why the media was so wimpy and gullible during the campaign.
One of Professor Scharlott's theories, interestingly, is that conservatives have been extraordinarily effective at shaming anyone who has even brought up the matter, let alone investigated it. They note how different this is than the Democrats ability to quell the other conspiracy theory that has obsessed the nation in recent years--the theory that President Obama was born in Kenya.
Given the amount of publicity (and support) presidential candidate Donald Trump has gotten in recent weeks by picking up the Obama-wasn't-born-here mantra, the silence on this other question is indeed startling. The evidence Scharlott's cites about about Palin's possible hoax is by no means conclusive, but it certainly raises as many questions as the logic about Obama's birthplace.
In light of Scharlott's evidence that Palin staged a hoax, as well as the ongoing absence of any proof that Palin is actually Trig's mother, one wonders if the media will now, finally, seek to determine the truth--especially because Palin is considered a candidate for president.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) A New York company is harvesting its first crop of medical marijuana some two months before the state's new medical cannabis program is set to begin.
Kyle Kingsley, a physician and CEO of Vireo Health, says Thursday that a few hundred plants have been cut so far at their company's grow facility in Perth, 33 miles northwest of Albany. It's the first legal marijuana harvest in the state in about a century.
Vireo is one of five companies picked by the state to grow and dispense medical marijuana.
Under the state's new law, patients with a qualifying condition can get permission from their doctor to obtain non-smokable forms of cannabis.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Wednesday the program is still on track to begin in January.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved
91 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Ismael Valdez shared the information below via CopBlock.org/Submit with the statement: “PLEASE HELP US EXPOSE THE MURDERERS IN LAREDO POLICE DEPARTMENT!!!” Though the incident they address – the shooting of Jose Walter Garza – was touched on recently here at CopBlock.org, their post is much more thorough than was the original as it includes video interviews of witnesses. This information deserves to be shared to help focus accountability on the killers who wore Laredo police badges.
Date of Interaction: 08/30/2014
Individuals Responsible: Half of Laredo Police Department
Phone: 956-795-2800
On August 30, 2014 at around 1:45AM Laredo Police employees murdered 30-year-old Jose Walter Garza.
Jose Walter Garza was a local schizophrenic, homeless man. They had at least 30 previous arrests by Laredo Police. Earlier that day/night, Laredo Police Officers had confiscated a pellet gun from Jose Walter but did not arrest him. At 1:45 AM, somebody called 911 and reported a man armed with a gun at “Gateway Truck Stop”
Over two dozen cruisers arrived, and at least 6 police officers, 5 of them armed with AR-15s, fired between 60-80 rounds at Jose Walter Garza sending truck stop clients running and diving for cover.
According to LPD and local media:
LPD attempted to negotiate for over 5 minutes.
Jose Walter pointed the weapon at police officers.
According to the truck stop's Chief Financial Officer ‘Victor Trevino' and Gate Guard ‘Julio Cesar Gonzales' :
The gate guard, Julio, encountered a Wal-Mart bag outside the truck stop with what appeared to be a gun. Julio inspected the gun and found out it was a pellet gun. Jose Walter came back outside after buying some cigarettes, and Julio told them they had to put away the gun or leave. Jose Walter borrowed a lighter from Julio and complied with their demands. Jose Walter sat down outside the truck stop and kept drinking their bottle of wine while listening to headphones. Eventually, as Julio is patrolling the truck stop they run into Jose Walter again. Jose Walter requests to borrow a phone charger from him, but Julio said they got preoccupied assisting truckers that they forgot to return with the charger. Julio states they did not call the police on Jose Walter because they were not being disruptive or bothering anyone. They say they were in the guard shack when they saw police officers arrive through the camera. They say they went outside to investigate and noticed the cops were already pointing their weapons at Jose Walter. Jose Walter was facing away from the cops (possibly passed out drunk) and had ear phones on. Julio then went around and informed 2 police officers the gun was fake. Both police officers told them to stop interfering or they would arrest him. Julio said they were planning on running in and taking the gun away from Jose Walter since they knew it was fake but they were scared of getting shot. They say the police didn't negotiate and before they got to warn any more officers the gun was fake, they riddled Jose Walter with bullets. Julio says Jose Walter NEVER pointed the gun at officers. Julio states the officers kept firing after Jose Walter's body hit the ground. 2 officers can be seen fist bumping in the video and 1 of them took a picture. According to Julio, more officers were high fiving and fist bumping each other outside camera angle. Julio saw Jose Walter's face blown off and says they have gone through mental trauma.
Julio Cesar Gonzales/Gate Guard Interview – Spanish (English subtitles available)
Laredo Police employees held a press conference and denied Hector Cubillos (the man who interviewed the guard and CFO) and us entrance. Half a dozen to a dozen of protesters, including myself, have assembled at crowded intersections and outside the police department.
Victor Trevino, the CFO, backs up the gate guard's story and claims their customers report the same story.
Editors Note: If you know more about this incident please speak up. Comment on this story, reach out to the creator of the Youtube videos, who clearly is working for transparency, or reach out to known police accountability groups. If you wear a Laredo police badge and know what happened wasn't right – align your actions with your thoughts. That – not remaining silent – is heroic.
Known Texas-Based Police Accountability Groups
91 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
The Original Activity Zone is one of our best selling Toys! Your bunny will play on top of it, hide under, and play with all the toys. Can be put in your bunnies enclosure or kept in the living room as "bunny furniture"!
Great for rabbits up to 8 lbs!
Approx 12" wide, 16" deep, 11" high
Your rabbits safety is very important to us! All Happy Rabbit Toys are made from safe, non toxic materials. For more information about materials we use, check out our FAQ Page.
"Our 6-month old bunny LOVES this activity center. They jump on it, runs under it, nibbles at it and hops around it and uses their nose to make the toys swing. Not sure who is more entertained, our family or JoJo! Most importantly, we keep it in the middle of the living room and they have not gone near the Christmas tree or any other of their former chew favorites (the sofa, wires, etc.). "
- Mary-Margaret Stepanian via Amazon
"Worried my bunny was bored while I was at work all day and having exhausted my attempts to wow them with the lame rabbit toys pet stores offer, I bought the activity zone. My bunny and I couldn't be more pleased! The best part about the activity zone would be that it is clearly stimulating their mind/energy level. Another plus is they do not seem interested in chewing anything else. Pet stores only offer toys that support the idea rabbits are for a cage in the corner of your house. It is refreshing to have finally found an adorably crafted rabbit toy promoting the fact that pet rabbits are smart/lively creatures who deserve to have their interests stimulated and individual potential recognized just like a cat or dog. Highly recommend this product! If it was able to impress a ten year old "set in my ways" bunny man, then it can excite any rabbit."
- Katie J via Amazon
Click &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href='http://www.cincopa.com/media-platform/view.aspx?fid=AUHAaGLUYtOG'&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;here&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; to open the gallery.&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Powered by Cincopa &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href='http://www.cincopa.com/media-platform'&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Media Platform&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; for your website and Cincopa MediaSend for &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href='http://www.cincopa.com/mediasend/start.aspx'&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;file transfer&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;.
Perth Glory FC has announced former striker Bobby Despotovski as the club's new Westfield W-League coach for the 2015/16 season.
Despotovksi played 241 games for Perth Glory between 1996 and 2007 and is the club's all-time leading goal scorer (113 goals).
The former Socceroo has been appointed to the role after taking helm of the Perth Glory reserves (U-20s) team in the National Premier League, which currently sits at the top of the ladder.
Despotovski, said they were looking forward to coaching on the national stage, especially for a club they have adored since their playing days.
“I've had great times here at Perth, from scoring goals to winning trophies, now I'm determined for silverware as a coach.”
“I know we have the passion and determination to claim the highest honour in Australian women's football” they said.
“I'd also like to acknowledge my predecessor and former teammate Jamie Harnwell who led the Women's team to the Grand Final last season. They had a stellar season and achieved a lot. Hopefully this year, we can go one step further”.
Despotovski will be joined by retired Perth Glory Women's captain and Matilda, Collette McCallum, who has been named Assistant coach.
McCallum played 50 W-League games for the Glory Women and made 81 appearances for Australia, scoring 11 goals for the Matildas.
"I'm thankful to still be involved with the team and I am looking forward to learning as much as I can from Bobby and Kenny" the former midfielder said.
The W-League season kicks-off on October 17.
Deep Love In The Deep South
SHOWTIME to premiere the documentaryL Word Mississippi: Hate The Sin on August 8th at 9pm
Lesbians in Mississippi exist and they're breaking the surface in Ilene Chaiken's (The L Word, The Real L Word)new 90-minue documentary. Directed by Oscar and Emmy nominee Lauren Lazin (Tupac: Resurrection) The L Word Mississippi: Hate The Sin showcases the lives and constant struggles of being lesbians in the religious and incredibly conservative Deep South.
It's the new millennium where we, the LGBT community, have seen an abundance more of support and acceptance from the country. Parts of the Deep South are beginning to change with the times but some, if not most, stand true to their roots and conservative upbringing which will be apparent in this film.
Chaiken journeys deep into the Bible Belt to towns like Lareal, Gulfport and Hattiesburg to get a first-hand look and experience of a dozen women, including a newly out-and-proud former pastor banished from their church, but who later regains their self-esteem by launching a program to support their local LGBTQ community. A white mother would accept their daughter's black lover, if only they were a man. A couple grapples with both infertility and female-to-male gender transitioning. And a former life-long lesbian struggles to “pray the gay away,” and hopes to do the same for their openly gay son.
The L Word creator is no stranger to the lives of lesbians. Over the span of more than a decade Chaiken has brought us six seasons of the acclaimed and beloved TV series and then spread their wings even wider when they took on a reality show engaging in the real lives of lesbians in LA and NY. Now with a new documentary, Chaiken is turning to a different avenue to continue their exploration of modern-day lesbian life.
Against the backdrop of the burgeoning gender and marriage equality debate, L Word Mississippi: Hate the Sin spotlights those loving, living, working, parenting and forcing change from within places where entrenched, conservative values have resisted the progress the LGBTQ community has worked hard to achieve elsewhere.
With the world premiere of The L Word Mississippi: Hate The Sinslated for August 6th in Los Angeles as part of the Outfest West Hollywood Series, the network premiere will be two days later on August 8th at 9pm ET/PT.
White House Repeats Pentagon Lies About Guantanamo “Recidivists”
Deputy National Security Advisor for Homeland Security John Brennan. Photo/Pete Souza
What is to be done about the idiocy that has spread, like a poisonous but imperceptible gas, from the Pentagon to Congress, and is now wafting through the White House, deranging all it touches? As it travels, this dismal infection transforms statistical impossibilities into magic numbers, which appear, to the uninformed observer, to confirm the most shameless lies of former Vice President Dick Cheney: that Guantánamo was teeming with hardcore terrorists, who couldn't wait to “return to the battlefield.”
Only last month, I tore into the mainstream media for abandoning all its fabled fact-checking and objectivity, when the Pentagon claimed, without producing any evidence whatsoever, that 1 in 5 prisoners freed from Guantánamo had “engaged in terrorist activity after their release,” and these claims were repeated as facts by numerous supposedly reputable media outlets.
As I explained at the time, this was just the latest installment in a campaign of misinformation, which, in May last year, led to humiliation for the New York Times, when its editors allowed a front-page story to run, claiming that 1 in 7 released prisoners (74 in total) had “returned to terrorism,” even though only 27 names were provided, and, of those, independent experts could only verify somewhere between 13 and 20 of them.
Last May, the Pentagon at least provided names, but last month's fact-free assertions have now found their way to the White House, and were repeated on February 1 by John Brennan, the assistant to President Obama for homeland security and counterterrorism, in a letter to House Leader Nancy Pelosi, which was obtained by ABC News (PDF).
Brennan wrote that:
[T]he Intelligence Community assesses that 20 percent of detainees transferred from Guantánamo are confirmed or suspected of recidivist activity. This includes 9.6 percent of detainees who have been confirmed as having returned to terrorist activities, and 10.4 percent whom the Intelligence Community suspects, but is not certain, may have engaged in recidivist activities.
Brennan attempted to use these spurious figures to score points, asserting that all of the largely unidentified prisoners had been released by the Bush administration. Defending the Obama administration's careful and thorough interagency review of the remaining prisoners' cases, they wrote:
I want to underscore the fact that all of these cases relate to detainees released during the previous administration and under the prior detainee review process. The report indicates no confirmed or suspected recidivists among detainees transferred during this Administration, although we recognize the ongoing risk that detainees could engage in such activity.
Despite this, it frankly beggars belief that a spokesperson for an administration that has pledged to close Guantánamo would publicly cleave to the kind of wretched propaganda that will make that task all but impossible.
So who are these approximately 116 men (out of the 532 prisoners released from Guantánamo under George W. Bush) who have allegedly “engaged in recidivist activities”?
We know, from earlier Pentagon claims, that this “recidivism” has included — and may well still include — publishing houses, the offices of newspapers, TV studios and film sets, because the Pentagon admitted (in a press release that was subsequently deleted from the Pentagon's website, but is mirrored here) that it included former prisoners, like the Tipton Three — three young men from the West Midlands — who appeared in a film, “The Road to Guantánamo,” which dramatized their experiences, and the five Uighurs sent to Albania in 2006, after tribunals at Guantánamo cleared them of being “enemy combatants.” In the latter case, this was apparently because one of them, Abu Bakker Qassim, wrote an opinion piece for the New York Times in which they urged US lawmakers to defend habeas corpus.
In the years since, many more ex-prisoners have written books, newspaper articles and op-eds, and have appeared on TV and in films. Perhaps Omar Deghayes, the British resident (released in 2007), who appeared in the Guantánamo documentary that I co-directed, “Outside the Law: Stories from Guantánamo,” has now joined this ever-expanding group of “recidivists” who have dared to use their words and their voices to “attack” the United States for what it did to them in its brutal, experimental prisons in Afghanistan, Guantánamo and elsewhere.
Clearly, however, the main thrust of this propaganda is directed not at these men, but at others — 70, 80, 90 men, perhaps — who have supposedly engaged in terrorism since their release.
Is this plausible? In a word, no.
Even the most rampant apologists for the lawless regime created by George W. Bush, Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld have never realistically tried to claim that more than a dozen or so Saudis slipped through the Saudi government's rehabilitation program with their burning hatred of America still intact. Moreover, once a handful of other regularly cited names have been dealt with, and it becomes apparent that no “recidivists” have emerged from a vast array of countries — throughout Europe, North Africa and the Gulf — the only conclusion that a logical analyst can reach is that this vast and largely undefined number of “recidivists” must include as many as 1 in 3 of all the Afghans who were ever held.
This, to be honest, is no less preposterous, as only a handful of Taliban commanders (released through the Pentagon's own ineptitude) were mistakenly freed from Guantánamo, but it at least has the benefit of a certain amount of logic, in that men repatriated to a country still occupied by a foreign army that is as useless at rounding up “terrorists” as it was eight years ago, may find a reason to resist the occupier on their doorstep, even if they have never been near a “battlefield” before.
Even this, however, presupposes that the Pentagon's “facts” and “suspicions” are remotely accurate, and as researchers — particularly those at the Seton Hall Law School, who have relentlessly analyzed the repeated claims of recidivism — have demonstrated time and again (PDF), the propaganda does not stand up to any form of scrutiny. John Brennan may be at liberty to talk about a few dozen released prisoners who have “engaged in recidivism,” but entertaining the prospect that this figure could be as high as 116 is, to put it frankly, either a dereliction of duty, or a sign that they have fallen under the sway of Dick Cheney's still malevolent influence.
To understand how easy it is for credulous officials to fall for this propaganda, I'd like to take you back to last month, when Senator Dianne Feinstein, who, laughably, is the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee, falsely claimed on CBS's “Face the Nation” that “about a third of former inmates at the US naval base who have returned to fight against US interests come from Yemen,” as AFP described it. “If you look at Yemen, and we're taking a good look at Yemen,” Feinstein said, “what you see is, I think, at least 24 or 28 are confirmed returned to the battlefield in Yemen, and a number are suspected. If you combine the suspected and the confirmed, the number I have is 74 detainees have gone back into the fight, and I think that's bad.”
It was a poor day for the Senate's “intelligence” when Feinstein (drawing on the May report) made this ridiculous statement. Its most baleful effect was to add a deceptive veneer of acceptability to the pressure exerted on President Obama to suspend the release of any more cleared Yemeni prisoners at Guantánamo, for one simple reason: only 16 Yemeni prisoners were released from Guantánamo between 2004 and November 2009, and only one of these men allegedly became involved in terrorism.
But in this new world of groundless hysteria, which seems to reveal only how the baleful reach of the Pentagon's scaremongering has finally engulfed the White House, no one cares that Feinstein couldn't even get their facts straight.
With John Brennan embracing the lie that 116 of the 532 men released from Guantánamo between 2002 and January 2009 have “engaged in recidivist activities” — and with a compliant and complacent mainstream media happy to regurgitate such rubbish without asking for facts — it may as well be true, as Feinstein claimed, that 28 of the 16 Yemenis returned from Guantánamo have become terrorists.
Once upon a time, we used to pride ourselves on making policy decisions based on facts, rather than on the propaganda that was so prevalent in totalitarian regimes. Now, however, we might as well give up all pretense that this is the case. Just as people were tortured in Guantánamo to produce false confessions that could be used in show trials, like every other totalitarian regime, representatives of the US government now attempt to scare and intimidate the American public with “facts” about “recidivism” that have no basis in reality. In 2010, fear blinds reason, and the truth, it seems, is irrelevant.
This report was originally published on the website of the Future of Freedom Foundation.
Andy Worthington, a regular contributor to The Public Record, is the author of The Guantánamo Files: The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America's Illegal Prison and the definitive Guantánamo prisoner list, published in March 2009. They maintain a blog at andyworthington.co.uk.
As I mentioned before, when I was starting my first company, while still working for Accenture, I held a somewhat insane schedule for about 9 months. Every day, I would sleep at 11pm sharp. I would then wake up at 4am, work until 7am, then nap for an hour before going to work at my day job. I then also worked the weekends (though with more sleep on Friday and Saturday night).
What I haven't mentioned on any of my blogs yet is that to enable me to do this, I used a (legal) drug called Modafinil, also known as Alertec or Provigil. In the startup world, where everyone is driven to get more things done than fit in the day's waking hours, the topic of using so-called "cognitive enhancers" surfaces every once in a while. I've mentioned most of the things in this article in Hacker News comments throughout the years, but I felt it made sense to put the whole "report" in one place, here.
Some background about Modafinil
Modafinil is a drug that is approved for treatment of narcolepsy, and to help night shift workers. It's also rumoured to be used by armed forces and other people in situations where people "work" many hours in a row and losing concentration for just a moment can cost their life. Its principle of operation is not clearly known, but it basically claims to remove the "feeling of tiredness", makes you feel more alert, and some have claimed that it "increases intelligence".
Many people use or have used Modafinil even though they don't have narcolepsy, though, because, deliberately or not, it has built a reputation as being a kind of wonder drug that will make you smarter, allow you to sleep a lot less, help you get more stuff done, etc. You can buy it from online pharmacies, and it will usually work out as up to a few pounds per pill - about the price of a coffee, basically. One of the "sales pitches" of Modafinil is that it's like caffeine but without the nervousness (which is somewhat true), and that, unlike caffeine, it doesn't stop you from sleeping (which is true).
Modafinil is also compared to amphetamines (which are often used either for recreation or to treat ADHD), since its effect is somewhat similar. Generally, the comparison states that amphetamines are bad for you and that Modafinil is not as bad because it "works differently", but there is probably more overlap than the proponents of Modafinil would like you to think.
There are no major side-effects to Modafinil use for the vast majority of people, and since it is manufactured by pharmaceutical companies rather than drug dealers, I haven't heard of anyone overdosing on Modafinil (though that's no doubt possible, like with all drugs). The toxicity level is such that you could eat a whole pack and live, although you'd have a really bad few days (but apparently you wouldn't have any long-term damage).
My use of Modafinil
I first experimented with Modafinil, under the Alertec brand, as I was working for Accenture and on my first startup. The usage pattern that I followed for a few months involved waking up briefly at 3am to eat a whole 200mg tablet (which would be active by the time I woke up properly at 4am), and then having a quarter tablet (about 50mg) around 9am, and another quarter just after lunch. That, as well as a decent quantity of coffee, kept me going even though I was otherwise chronically sleep deprived. This was the heaviest usage I ever made of Modafinil, but I also used it more lightly on a large number of occasions when I was well rested.
The last time I used Modafinil was over a year ago. At that point I would occasionally have 50-100mg to get myself through a lot of small boring tasks (as we'll see later, Modafinil helps with that). I know some people who claimed to take several 200mg pills in a day, and even some who said they do that on a regular basis. I think they must be insane. 50mg has a noticeable effect. 100mg is the most I would consider taking when properly rested. More than that, and, despite the myth, you do get "jittery" - overactive, unfocused, tense.
The effects of Modafinil (on me)
So, what effect did Modafinil have? First, a quick disclaimer: these are my observations, not a scientific study, and the study has a sample size of one: me. The person performing the study (me too!) is not a doctor. Your body may behave differently. Hell, for all I know, you may swallow a tenth of a pill and die instantly. Here I'm describing the effects on me when I was not sleep-deprived. The effect when I was sleep-deprived (i.e. during that nasty 9-month period) was the same, but lessened by the exhaustion. Mostly, in that time, Modafinil kept me awake and able to focus and get stuff done, rather than enhancing my brain functions in any significant way.
First of all, Modafinil does, obviously, increase alertness. And it does so in a way that's more pleasant, less tense than caffeine does - but at the same time it's more there, and if you're the kind of person that gets overwhelmed by circumstances regularly, you may well find it's "too much to take". The easiest comparison point is caffeine, so let's compare. At the time, I used to be quite sensitive to caffeine, so the descriptions of what coffee does represent what it used to do to me at the time. I am no longer quite so sensitive. I completed my transition to the dark roast side when I once had a nice strong coffee in the evening and found that it relaxed me.
A small amount of coffee, e.g. half an espresso shot, didn't do much for me. A small (50mg) amount of Modafinil made me a bit more alert and focused (if I had something to focus on), for 6-8 hours, after which it faded out gently.
A moderate amount of coffee, e.g. 1-2 shots of espresso would wake me up, make me feel much less sluggish, and give me a couple of hours of good wakefulness, sometimes followed by a few hours of crankiness. A moderate (100mg) amount of Modafinil gave me 6-8 hours of high alertness, where it was very easy to get things done so long as I didn't need to think about "what do I need to do next?", along with a slight sense of euphoria, followed by a wind-down period of 2-3 hours where I found it hard to focus on "work".
A high amount of coffee, e.g. 3-4 shots of espresso, would have made me anxious, alter my speech so I would sound like I've had too much coffee, make my hands shake, given me embarrassing eye twitches, and generally make it hard to focus on things. A large amount of Modafinil gave me 6-8 hours of very intense alertness and energy, a stronger sense of euphoria (most music sounded really good), and no twitches, but a tension that was vaguely unpleasant, a feeling that "things must get done!" that meant that whatever it was I was doing (whether working or browsing HN) I would be doing very intensely, with obsessive drive, focus, energy.
In all cases, I noticed that Modafinil reduced my peripheral attention (including very slight "edge of your field of vision" quirks), which made it unsafe to drive. Even more importantly, it severely hampered my directed creativity/higher-level thinking. Let me explain that more clearly...
I did feel like I came up with some clever ideas and responses while on Modafinil, some of which seemed like I wouldn't have come up with them normally (i.e. I felt a little smarter), but if I was thinking about, say, designing the architecture of a new component, writing an article, or thinking through anything that required broad thinking rather than narrow focus, Modafinil made me significantly more stupid. Noticeably so. Basically, Modafinil turns you into a laser - with the benefits and drawbacks that this brings. When your brain demands focus, it's very hard to take a wider view.
On the other hand, if I wasn't thinking about anything in particular (e.g. if I was sitting on the bus listening to some good music), my thoughts would wander until they made some interesting connection, and then latch onto it with great focus and dig into it as far as possible. I had quite a few creative ideas for blog posts while on Modafinil, but those were never in a specific area that I deliberately wanted to focus on.
The diminution of broad thinking ability meant that in order to make the best use of Modafinil I had to make sure I had a clear, unambiguous task list ready before getting started. There were a few times when I had some really intense and focused and productive... HN commenting sessions... because I didn't have a clear task list and so I'd gotten distracted by the first thing that came up and demanded my attention. If, however, I had a list of 30 bits of programming that would normally have taken me several days, or a major code refactoring task that seemed almost impossible to complete in one sitting due to the number of things that needed to be done - well, that would typically be done by early afternoon.
The music also made a big difference. Listening to Infected Mushroom while high on Modafinil and coding up a storm made me feel like I was some kind of insane coding machine that could complete pretty much any coding task in record time. Listening to Mozart instead gave me a very different feeling (but still very productive).
Then there was the comedown. At the tail end of a Modafinil session, I would invariably feel somewhat drained, empty, like the juice had been sucked out of me. It's worth pointing out that Modafinil is a diuretic, so the juice literally was sucked out of me: diuretics make you pee more. However, one side-effect of the focus is that you don't feel thirst (or hunger, for that matter) so keenly, so even though my body really wanted more water, I could easily sit for hours in front of my computer not drinking anything. I soon found out that this was a recipe for a bad comedown, so I got into the habit of having a nice big glass with half a litre of water in it next to me at all times, which i would refill every time I went to the loo (which was often!). Simply doing that reduced the unpleasantness of the comedown (and reduced the likelihood of headaches to zero), but didn't make it more productive.
Finally, I found that Modafinil made me slightly more irritable. I was, however, looking out for that, so I was aware of it and could compensate for it. But my natural reaction was always a little more aggressive than normal.
On the good side, those tasks which I did line up got done, and with great energy, velocity, etc. A good day on Modafinil could easily concentrate several days' worth of work into one, by getting rid of all the empty distracted bits of the day. This was what made it appealing. Occasionally I would look at my task list and realise that there was way more to do than I could realistically hope to achieve, and that it really needed to be done now. That's when I would start considering a Modafinil day to chew my way through the epic task list and leave not even crumbs behind.
But is it worth it?
Since there are different ways to use Modafinil, let's discuss them in turn.
First, heavy or regular use: it should be obvious to anyone reading this that I don't recommend that, and it should also be obvious to anyone with sense that taking a drug like Modafinil regularly for an extended period of time (coughlike I didcough) is probably not a good idea. Sure, you won't find studies of people who fried their neurons by using Modafinil for 15 years in a row, but that's because Modafinil isn't that old yet, so there haven't exactly been large-sample studies yet. However, anything that leaves you feeling drained like that, and messes directly with brain function, should probably be treated with respect and caution, and not abused.
Second, light, occasional use (e.g. once every week or two). It might sound surprising, but I also don't recommend that. Here's why. What I found with more experimentation of days both with and without Modafinil was that actually, I was just as productive if I was well rested, healthy, well fed with healthy foods and working on something I cared about.
Modafinil is basically just a shortcut to a great productive day, which you can achieve regularly by taking better care of yourself. But, like all shortcuts, it has its costs, like the decrease in peripheral vision and creative thought, or the inevitable health toll that long-term Modafinil use undoubtedly takes.
You can take a risk by taking Modafinil, or you can sort out your life by sleeping properly, eating properly, doing exercise and working on things you care about. That's really the choice here, and the right one should be obvious. Don't work Modafinil into a regular prop. It's no better than any other chemical dependency, and just because it's not addictive doesn't make it good. Instead, focus on the key drivers of having great days regularly: stay healthy, eat good, nutritious food, sleep well, and exercise.
Finally, how about for very rare, once every few months use, or to try just the once? I don't think there's any harm in that. If you want to "experience" Modafinil, take about 100mg, have plenty of water nearby, and a clear task list, put on some awesome music, and get to work! If you feel the burning urge to do that in order to take the mystery out of this so-called wonder-drug, just do it. You'll probably even enjoy it! Just don't make it a habit.
Modafinil and startups
Which brings us back to the theme of this article. Being an entrepreneur is a competitive activity where every brain cell, ever bit of extra productivity counts.
So should you take Modafinil to be a better entrepreneur? Absolutely not. Entrepreneurship is a career. You need to build yourself into someone who can sustainably spot and exploit business opportunities, not burn yourself out on some ill-thought-out venture. Getting things done is part of that, but it's not the most important part, and it's certainly far less important than having a good big picture view of things.
I will come strongly on the side of saying that anyone who wants to build a startup should stay away from any regular or semi-regular Modafinil use, as it will impair their judgement enough to make up for any apparent gain in productivity, and I would further posit that any founder who takes Modafinil regularly has a habit (as I did) of taking on potentially large, unknown long-term liabilities for small short-term gains, which is not a good thing.
Remember, you're in this for the long term. Be smart and invest in yourself.
If you read this far, you should follow me on Twitter here.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC have rejected an improved offer of £40,000,001 from Arsenal for Luis Suarez.
The Gunners stepped up their pursuit of the Reds' top scorer on Tuesday – two weeks after their initial bid of £30million, rising to £35million with add-ons, was shunned.
The size of the new offer, which was submitted by Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis, is significant.
The Londoners were under the belief that any offer in excess of £40million – hence the extra £1 – would trigger a release clause in the contract Suarez signed last August.
However, Liverpool have always insisted that is not the case with club officials only duty bound to inform the striker of bids exceeding that amount rather than having to actually accept that kind of figure.
The bid has already prompted an extraordinary response from Reds owner John Henry on Twitter.
Boss Brendan Rodgers intends to discuss Arsenal's latest approach with last season's 30-goal top scorer following today's friendly with Melbourne Victory at the MCG.
Arsenal's new offer was instantly dismissed with Liverpool's stance that Suarez is simply not for sale unchanged.
Despite Suarez's public pleas for a transfer this summer, Rodgers has made it clear that they expect the 26-year-old to honour a contract which still has three years to run.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Reds value the striker in excess of £50million and unless they receive that kind of bid - coupled with a written transfer request – they won't even consider a deal.
Arsene Wenger has made Suarez their top summer transfer target after being frustrated in their attempts to sign Gonzalo Higuain from Real Madrid.
But news of their increased offer being rejected should finally ram home to the Gunners boss that there is no chance of landing Suarez on the cheap.
Suarez had initially claimed they needed to quit England because of their treatment at the hands of the media, but later said they were “flattered” by Arsenal's interest and told Liverpool they wanted to join a Champions League club.
In pictures: Newspaper back pages as LFC reject Arsenal's Suarez bid
The striker has been training with the Reds since they rejoined the squad in Melbourne on Sunday.
Suarez received a warm ovation from the 15,000-strong crowd who attended yesterday's open training session at the MCG.
Their name was chanted by supporters and they have indicated a desire to be involved in today's friendly.
Meanwhile, Liverpool have contacted Valencia to express their interest in signing left-back Aly Cissokho on a season-long loan.
The Spanish outfit is willing to off-load the 25-year-old France international, who joined them from Lyon a year ago.
Back in the late 1960s, researcher Walter Mischel conducted an experiment that has come to be known as the "Marshmallow Test."
This test consisted of giving marshmallows to 4-year-olds, with the promise of more marshmallows to come if they could delay eating the first for 15 minutes. Those who resisted the sugary treat were shown to do well later in life, while those who failed to resist were more likely to suffer from lower test scores, even issues of drug dependency.
More than 40 years later, Facebook has proved to be an even sweeter marshmallow to its millions of users than any puffed confection Mr. Mischel handed out.
While beginning to write this piece, I couldn't resist the temptation to check my own Facebook profile.
Has anybody commented on my latest status update? Has Jenna from high school accepted my late-night friend request? I can just click right over and find out, but I know once I do I'll end up spending the rest of the afternoon playing Scrabble and commenting on tagged photos.
I'm not alone with this struggle. Comb through any random Facebook page and you'll find people around the world updating statuses from their offices, from classrooms, even from behind the wheel. The deferred rewards of keeping one's job, learning arithmetic, or even staying alive are no match for the compound-worded monster.
The temptation to let others know how happy or sad we feel, and more important, the numerous supportive messages we'll receive from our "friends," is an exercise in deferred gratification that we all lose on a daily basis. And who's to blame us? With its complicated algorithms and formulas, Facebook takes the legwork out of friendship. Do you know Bob? Why not send a friend request to their girlfriend Jane? You haven't talked to Lee in a while. Maybe you should send them a message.
Why go through the trouble of going out and cultivating one new friendship when Facebook lets you meet and befriend hundreds in less time than it takes to watch an episode of "Jersey Shore"?
Every day many people do choose the hundreds of online friends over that one real friend. And what's truly sad is what we're teaching our nation's younger, more impressionable generation. Those born after 1990 have never known a world without the Internet, and it's clear they're fully ingrained in the culture of "right now."
In choosing the cozy, instant world of online socializing and gaming over human interaction and exercise, this generation has broken records (and scales) for childhood obesity. According to the latest findings of the Centers for Disease Control, childhood obesity has more than tripled in the past 30 years.
When I worked at a video-game retailer, I saw much of this behavior firsthand. Children would update their Facebook statuses or tweet from their iPhones while their parents shrugged in a "What can you do?" fashion as they handed me a stack of video games. More often than not, these children were obese.
There are positives to having access to the world at our fingertips. Last year's violent protests in Iran were made real by the video of Neda Soltan's death, distributed through sites such as YouTube and Facebook, and footage of the quakes in Haiti helped raise millions of dollars for the rescue efforts. But while many people were called to action by such tragedies, many never made it past the "share" button at the top of their Facebook pages.
When your country leads the way in obesity, it's time to put down the BlackBerry and pick up a basketball. I'm not advocating a Facebook boycott or a video-game bonfire.
What I am calling for is a little participation in the analog world. Unplug for one day a week. Play flag football instead of Madden 10. Build houses for Habitat for Humanity instead of a barn in Farmville. Meet and befriend real people.
After all, it's not as if Facebook could give you a ride to the airport.
Mel Layos is a freelance writer and screenplay analyst when he's not too busy updating their Facebook profile.
Ballot totals in Eureka Springs show 579 voters decided to uphold an ordinance to protect people from discrimination based on sexual orientation. 231 people voted against the ordinance.Watch: Eureka passes anti-discrimination ordinance The Eureka Springs city council unanimously passed the ordinance earlier this year after state legislators passed a law banning cities from creating their own civil rights ordinances.Watch: Eureka debates controversial ordinanceThe ordinance was then put on the ballot. After that two groups were formed in Eureka Springs to promote each side of the ballot, "Repeal 2223" and "Keep Eureka Fair".On Tuesday, supporters for both sides held up signs urging voters to uphold or repeal the law.“It's like sweet and sour sauce,” Dick Titus said of the reaction from drivers while they held a pro-ordinance sign on Tuesday. “You're just out here doing what you feel like you need to do.”Titus spent the afternoon waving at cars making their way to the polls.“Most people have waved and at least been friendly,” they said. “We just want to remind people that today is the day to vote.”But, Titus wasn't the only one reminding voters.“I want to encourage as many people as I can to get out and vote against Ordinance 2223,” said Philip Wilson.Wilson is a pastor and an opponent to the ordinance.“The community is deciding what kind of community it wants to be,” said Wilson.More than 430 people cast their ballots during the early voting period.There are more than 1,700 registered voters in Eureka Springs.
Ballot totals in Eureka Springs show 579 voters decided to uphold an ordinance to protect people from discrimination based on sexual orientation. 231 people voted against the ordinance.
Watch: Eureka passes anti-discrimination ordinance
Advertisement Related Content Eureka Springs passes anti-discrimination ordinance
The Eureka Springs city council unanimously passed the ordinance earlier this year after state legislators passed a law banning cities from creating their own civil rights ordinances.
Watch: Eureka debates controversial ordinance
The ordinance was then put on the ballot. After that two groups were formed in Eureka Springs to promote each side of the ballot, "Repeal 2223" and "Keep Eureka Fair".
On Tuesday, supporters for both sides held up signs urging voters to uphold or repeal the law.
“It's like sweet and sour sauce,” Dick Titus said of the reaction from drivers while they held a pro-ordinance sign on Tuesday. “You're just out here doing what you feel like you need to do.”
Titus spent the afternoon waving at cars making their way to the polls.
“Most people have waved and at least been friendly,” they said. “We just want to remind people that today is the day to vote.”
But, Titus wasn't the only one reminding voters.
“I want to encourage as many people as I can to get out and vote against Ordinance 2223,” said Philip Wilson.
Wilson is a pastor and an opponent to the ordinance.
“The community is deciding what kind of community it wants to be,” said Wilson.
More than 430 people cast their ballots during the early voting period.
There are more than 1,700 registered voters in Eureka Springs.
AlertMe
A NYC pastor is warning that AIDS and Ebola come from gay men having oral-anal sex, and if you support gay people having sex you support Ebola.
Pastor James David Manning insists they have "scientific proof" that "both Ebola and AIDS are the result of man having sex with beasts, animals."
"Somehow or other, men in Africa were having sex with beasts, whether it was monkey or wildebeests, or other kinds of animals - lambs or goats."
Manning then tells the story of a man in Connecticut who was arrested for having sex with a Pit Bull. "Maybe" sex with other dogs is OK, suggests Pastor Manning, but a Pit Bull is unacceptable.
"A Pit Bull of all things, maybe a Shepard or a poodle but a Pit Bull, my God."
"This is a warning to America, and a warning to the pastors of America, that those who support anal sexual interaction are supporting Ebola, and it is the judgment of God, and it comes from Africa, and spread mainly by men, who are more prone to have anal sex.
"Now, I want you to understand, this is the origin of Ebola, this is the origin of AIDS," Manning says, adding that they want people to learn how to protect themselves.
"When you interact with a sodomite who makes love to a man's rectum," Manning explains, "at some point somebody made love to a monkey's rectum, and not with a man's genitalia, it was oral-rectum love-making."
Manning, who is known for their hostile anti-gay sign outside their Harlem, New York church, then says that God has specifically spoken, passed "judgment on sodomy in America."
"Many of the sodomites orally make love to a man's rectum, and that is where both AIDS and Ebola originated, but there must also be the addition of a mammal or animal blood contained in the blood of the man, and people who do that."
"The only way you're going to stop it is we stop sodomy here in America. So the answer is Ebola and AIDS will not be stopped."
Manning closed with a warning, as they have on other occasions, to avoid Starbucks.
"Again, I warn you to stay away from that coffee shop called Starbucks. It is indeed the Ebola incubation, spreading and contact contagious quarters here in America."
Watch:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU-GJLbTBUc
Image via YouTube
More On Pastor Manning At The New Civil Rights Movement:
Watch: Harlem Pastor Warns Michael Sam May Marry 9-Year Old Boy
Christian Pastor: Obama And Putin Are Gay - Putin Will Out Obama In 100 Days (Video)
Look: Christian Church Curses Gay People With 'Cancer HIV Syphilis Then Hell'
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights as GB's Mills and Clark win sailing gold
Great Britain's Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark have won gold in the women's 470 sailing event at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The pair, silver medallists at the 2012 Olympics in London, only needed to finish the medal race on Thursday to win gold, and came in eighth.
New Zealand's Jo Aleh and Polly Powrie won silver and Camille Lecointre and Helene Defrance of France took bronze.
Britain have now won 21 gold medals in Rio, and a second in sailing after Giles Scott's win in the men's Finn.
Wales' Mills, 28, and 36-year-old Clark, who comes from Essex, held a 20-point lead going into the medal race after winning three times and never finishing below eighth in the 10 races in the first series.
The medal race had been scheduled to take place on Wednesday, but had been postponed until Thursday because of a lack of wind.
Only a disqualification or technical problem could have denied Mills and Clark, fourth in the world rankings, and they stayed out of trouble as they were eighth out of 10.
Slovenia won the final race but it was not enough to earn them a medal. The United States were in the bronze-medal position until a late mistake dropped them down to last place in the medal race, and seventh overall.
Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark finished on 44 points, with New Zealand on 54 points and France on 62 points
What they said
"I can't believe it. It has actually been the best feeling ever," Mills told BBC One.
"We have forgotten all about London. We are so proud to come back after it and we've worked so hard to get the upgrade to gold. Thank you to everyone back home for the support.
"It is all we have ever dreamed of and we are so happy."
Clark added: "The first moment I sailed with Hannah, I knew we could do something special.
"We have been together through ups and downs and been with each other all the way."
Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark celebrated with family and friends immediately after the last race
Analysis
Ian Walker, two-time Olympic silver medallist:
"That is thoroughly deserved. Hannah Mills and Saskia Clark have worked tirelessly since silver in London 2012.
"They have eliminated all of their weaknesses and it has all come together here in Rio.
"I don't think we saw the best of Mills and Clark today but they won't care about that and I don't care about that."
Great Britain's sailing success
Britain have been the most successful nation in sailing in three of the past four Olympics.
The only exception was London 2012, when Sir Ben Ainslie's fourth career Olympic title was their country's only gold of the Games.
Ainslie's Finn class is one area Britain have dominated in recent times, with their three golds in successive Games sandwiched between Scott in Rio and Iain Percy at Sydney 2000.
Mills and Clark's success takes Britain to the top of the Rio sailing medal list, by virtue of Nick Dempsey's silver in the windsurfing, with the Netherlands also winning two golds.
It also means Britain have won 12 Olympic sailing gold medals in the past four Games.
Media playback is not supported on this device Take a tour round three Olympic-class boats
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Mac Slavo: As more and more information about the state of global affairs becomes available one can't help but realize that life as we have come to know it is going to change dramatically in the very near future. The manipulation of financial markets, the fabrication
of economic figures, and the mobilization of government on all levels are clear signs that something is amiss.
As has been said on many occasions, it's not a matter of ‘if' but ‘when'.
And that's the trillion dollar question. When will the system finally come on unhinged? Further, what will be the catalyst that finally sends the system into a tailspin?
Former U.S. intelligence asset and author of best selling book The Death of Money Jim Rickards tackles this and a host of other topics in the following sobering interview with Greg Hunter of the USA Watchdog. Rickards has worked in various high level fields that make them one of the foremost experts on global financial affairs and the government response that will follow. As a director of operations for one of the Federal Reserve's primary dealers Rickards not only understands how the monetary system is designed, but is able to follow the forensic footprint left by trillion dollar capital flows that signal the health, or lack thereof, of the economy and financial markets. Moreover, as an expert in the field of finance Rickards was selected by the United States to direct the country's first ever financial war games in an effort to identify how such an asymmetric war might take place and what the fallout will look like.
If you want to understand what's happening, how the system is being manipulated and what you can expect in coming months and years, this is one person whose input you'll want to digest. As you'll note, Rickards doesn't engage in wild speculation. They back their predictions up with real data and paper trails sourced over the last three decades.
The end result of their research suggests that we now sit on the very precipice of a significant global paradigm shift and one that can happen at any moment. The system, according to Rickards, is now terminal, echoing the warnings of economist John Williams who recently said there is nothing that can save it at this point.
The mistakes have already been made and all we're waiting for now is the catalyst – a trigger that will be totally unexpected and will come out of the blue, leaving the political, financial, and economic systems of the globe in total shock.
It's not a crystal ball… I don't have perfect clarity… You don't know the exact timing of events. You can see them coming in the sense of the instability in the system, what's called the scale of the system… how complex systems collapse… when you get all the data right and get the model right you can see the collapse coming, absolutely.
(Watch at Youtube)
If you ask me what has happened since I finished writing the book that comes as a surprise, I would say a lot of the things I talk about in my book are happening faster than I would have expected. Things that I thought would happen in the 2015 or 2016 time frame seem to be happening now in some ways. If anything, the tempo of events is faster than expected. Therefore, some of these catastrophic outcomes may come sooner than I wrote about. … Right now, we are on the precipice. When you are on the precipice, it doesn't mean you fall off immediately, but you are going to fall off because you can see the forces in play. What I tell clients and investors is it's not as if we are going to make some mistakes and some bad things are going to happen. The mistakes have already been made. The instability is already in the system. We're just waiting for that catalyst that I call the snowflake that starts the avalanche. You don't worry about the snowflakes; you worry about the snow and that it's unstable and it's just waiting to collapse. That's what the system is right now; we are just waiting for a catalyst. People ask me all the time, what could it be? Technically, my answer is it doesn't matter because it will be something. It could be a failure to deliver physical gold. It could be an MF Global financial failure. It could be a natural disaster. It could be a lot of things. The thing investors need to understand is the catalyst doesn't matter. It's coming because the instability is already there.
In the grand scheme of things it makes no difference what the final triggering event will be. It will, as Rickards notes, likely be something we don't see coming – a Black Swan. It could come in any form and at any time, and it will likely take place some time in the next 24 months.
Confidence in the system is very quickly approaching a breaking point and once that confidence is lost we can expect worldwide panic, first in financial markets and then on the streets of major cities.
But how do we prepare for such an environment, where everything we know has been shattered? What do you do when credit markets fail and banks can no longer be trusted, when traditional investments like stocks, bonds and real estate crash, and when government bail-out strategies are no longer feasible?
The answer is simple, according to Rickards. The historical assets of last resort will be your only safe haven. From a financial and wealth perspective that boils down to owning gold. From the standpoint of preparing for disaster and weathering the storm, the solution is physical assets that are solely in your possession with no counter-party risk and include long-term food storage, emergency supplies and productive trade skills.
Whatever happens in the future will more than likely not be exactly as we expect it to be. The important thing is that we know it's coming and that we can prepare for it. Now is the time to position yourself with assets and strategies that can be implemented when the rest of the world starts to panic.
This article is brought to you courtesy of Mac Slavo.
There will never be peace in the Middle East as long as Israelis don't treat the Palestinians as equals, Efraim Halevy said last week, accusing senior government officials of advancing “condescending” policies toward the Palestinians.
In a wide-ranging interview with The Times of Israel, the former head of the Mossad intelligence agency accused the outgoing government, especially Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, of having violated the fragile status quo in Jerusalem. The elections of March 2015 are not merely a referendum on Israel's leadership, they said, but constitute an unprecedented opportunity to determine Israel's policy vis-à-vis the peace process.
Israel's 1979 peace treaty with Egypt was made possible by the fact that both sides considered themselves the victors of the Yom Kippur War six years earlier, according to Halevy. Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat could only reach an agreement because they each felt “equal” — and precisely such a framework of equality, which allows for both sides to feel dignified, is needed for peace between Israelis and Palestinians, they said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“I do not think we will make any progress until that moment arrives, and I fear that it will take a very long time before it happens, if at all,” they said. “And if it never happens, there will never be peace between us and the Palestinians. And if it never happens, we're sentenced to a very long term of struggle.”
Israel will survive even in the absence of peace because the state faces no existential threats, added Halevy, who headed the Mossad from 1998 until 2002, before going on to serve as national security adviser to prime minister Ariel Sharon. “But what will be the quality of our survival? I don't know.”
The upcoming Knesset elections are Israel's last chance to choose a leadership that embraces peace and reconciliation, Halevy claimed.
“The election is not just a plebiscite on the question of who is going to be prime minister. The question is what will be the policy. And by choosing A or B or C you are supporting a policy. Security is not a policy. Everybody supports security. But people interpret security differently,” they said. “The choice this time is a choice the likes of which we have never had before.”
When Israelis head to the polls on March 17, 2015, they will determine “how we treat the other side,” the 80-year-old London native said Tuesday in their Jerusalem office. “A decision this time will be not on who will do but also on what will be done. Not on who will determine the policies but on what will be the policies.”
Discussing the outcome of this summer's Operation Protective Edge in Gaza, Halevy suggested Netanyahu's goal was simply to restore quiet and prevent Hamas from attaining its goals. Rather than formulating any concrete political objectives, the prime minister was content with achieving quiet from the other side in exchange for quiet from Israel.
“Our achievement was not something constructive. The achievement was that the other side didn't get anything. What did we get? We didn't need anything. We weren't seeking anything political, because we don't want to do business with them,” Halevy said.
Israelis face a difficult problem in dealing with the Palestinians, the former spymaster continued. “In our gut, we feel, some way or another, that it's either them or us. We believe we're superior to them. We believe that we're better organized, better equipped, much more experienced. We know how to conduct our affairs. And actually we're in control. And it's almost humanly impossible in a situation like this to conduct a negotiation because for it to produce something in the end, you have to reach the point where you're on par with the other side.”
Halevy criticized Bennett over an op-ed they published in The New York Times on November 5, in which the Jewish Home party leader promoted their vision of a one-state solution. Bennett's plan includes annexing 60 percent of the West Bank and upgrading “Palestinian autonomy” in the remaining part. Dismissing the two-state paradigm, Bennett argued for “massive upgrade of roads and infrastructure” and for building “economic bridges of peace” between Israelis and Palestinians living in one state. “The secret is bottom-up peace,” Bennett wrote.
While Halevy was careful to avoid explicit personal attacks, they made plain their strong disapproval of Bennett's plan.
For any kind of peace negotiations to succeed, Israel needs to try to look at the issue from the perspective of the other side, “and not to be condescending,” Halevy argued. “What is ‘bottom-up peace'? Is it not a condescending term? Look, you're at the bottom now. We're not at the bottom, you're at the bottom. We don't need bottom-up, we're at the top already. The use of the term bottom-up means to say you're at the bottom.”
Asked for a response, a Jewish Home official close to Bennett said that for 20 years Israel tried to achieve a two-state solution, “but it failed and therefore it is time to open up to new ideas instead of immediately dismissing them.”
Bennett's plan entails offering Israeli citizenship to Palestinians living in the parts of the West Bank they wish to annex, and Halevy questioned whether Bennett also intends to grant citizenship to the 400,000 Arab inhabitants of East Jerusalem who currently only have residency. “I don't think all this has been thought out,” Halevy charged. (The Jewish Home official responded that East Jerusalemites have been eligible for citizenship since Israel annexed that part of the city, and that hundreds of Palestinians make use of this option every month.)
Halevy also took the current government to task for its policies on Jerusalem, especially for allowing nationalist Jews to move into the eastern part of the city. In October, dozens of Israelis moved into houses in Silwan, an Arab neighborhood in East Jerusalem, which drew much international criticism.
Bennett celebrated this as a “historic event” and Netanyahu, too, defended the move. “Arabs in Jerusalem purchase homes freely in the west of the city and nobody says that's forbidden. I don't intend to tell Jews that they can't buy homes in East Jerusalem,” the prime minister said at the time. Housing Minister Uri Ariel, a member of Bennett's party, even said they considered moving to the neighborhood.
“We decided that we're going to start moving in Jerusalem,” Halevy fumed. “This is a change in policy, a change in strategy.” Israeli peace negotiators have long argued that of the four so-called core issues — borders, security, refugees and Jerusalem — the Holy City should be discussed last because it's the most complex and passion-stirring topic of all. “What we've done now is that we've changed the strategy. We say, no, not Jerusalem at the end, Jerusalem now. Now they're going to move in [to Silwan]. Now we're going to change.”
Criticism of the move in Silwan united world leaders from different parts of the globe, even those usually at odds with each other. “We've put Jerusalem on the front burner,” they said. “Whether [Netanyahu] actually sanctioned what happened in Silwan is irrelevant. The policy is: I can build and live anywhere in Jerusalem I want because I am a Jew.”
In the eyes of any objective observer, the Israeli government was making moves in Jerusalem that are “not conducive to the status quo,” they charged.
Halevy was hesitant to delineate their own ideas about achieving peace. They merely said that the two-state solution is the most desirable but least probable scenario, while a one-state arrangement is the least desirable but most probable outcome. “In a situation like this you have to look for something in between,” all the while making sure that both sides gain something and feel respectable.
There is no word in Hebrew for dignity, they quoted a friend observing once. The Arab world has long felt deeply inferior, and Israelis are basically telling Arabs that they don't suffer from an inferiority complex but are indeed inferior, Halevy said. “The problem we have had over the years has been that they have sought dignity and the last thing we ever thought of was addressing them in a manner that gave them a feeling of some dignity.”
'New Yorker' Editor Defends Obama Cover
Enlarge this image toggle caption Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images Timothy A. Clary/AFP/Getty Images
The controversial cover of this week's New Yorker was meant to poke fun at the "politics of fear" surrounding Illinois Sen. Barack Obama's candidacy, says top editor David Remnick.
"The intention is to satirize not Barack Obama and Michelle Obama, but, in fact, to hold a pretty harsh light up to the rumors, innuendos, lies about the Obamas that have come up — that they are somehow insufficiently patriotic or soft on terrorism," they say.
The cover shows an illustration of Obama dressed like Osama bin Laden, and Obama's wife, Michelle, wearing military gear. They are sharing a fist bump in the Oval Office. The title of the cartoon, listed on the contents page, is "The Politics of Fear."
"Satire doesn't run with subtitles," Remnick adds. "A satirical cartoon would not be any good if it came with a set of instructions."
Remnick says the cover has caused so much controversy, in part, because so many voters are dissatisfied with this country's political course and have invested much of their hopes in Obama.
"The kind of e-mail I get is telling me, 'I get it. But I don't think so-and-so is going to get it, I don't think so-and-so in West Virginia or out there in the Middle West,'" they say. "That, to me, is a false argument. That, if you can get it, why can't other people get it? I don't think that this notion that only Upper West Side Manhattan elitists get satire is the case at all."
An appeals court ruled a Kane County sergeant improperly prolonged a traffic stop from which authorities seized a car and more than $8,000 cash, and now the driver and passengers are suing the county and officers involved in federal court.
The officer who initiated the stop once described asset forfeiture as "a tax-liberating gold mine" that allows the government to "pull in expendable cash hand over fist," according to a complaint filed in U.S. District Court. The officer, a sergeant, also works for Desert Snow, a private company that trains officers in police stops and asset forfeiture, according to the lawsuit. The Kane County sheriff's office is among agencies that have paid Desert Snow for training.
The civil complaint seeks compensatory and punitive damages, court costs and attorney fees. Defendants include the sergeant, Ronald Hain; Kane County; Kane County Sheriff Donald Kramer; and Kane County Det. Ryan Monaghan.
Kane County State's Attorney Joe McMahon said their office doesn't comment on pending litigation.
Kane County Sheriff spokesperson Lt. Patrick Gengler said it appears the county has sent 10 deputies to Desert Snow training and paid the company less than $5,000.
Hain's work with Desert Snow was initially approved under former Sheriff Pat Perez, Gengler said.
The sheriff's office has taken in millions of dollars of cash and assets from forfeiture carried out by Hain and other employees during hundreds of traffic stops, according to the complaint.
After Hain pulled over a black Chevrolet Impala with Minnesota plates on Interstate 90 at Route 47 and issued a warning during that 2015 stop, police searched the vehicle and found a 9mm bullet, marijuana flakes, a Ruger handgun with one bullet in the chamber, another handgun loaded with a bullet in the chamber, an $8,000 cash bundle stowed inside a purse and a backpack containing a plastic bag with 400 grams of uncut heroin inside.
Jessica Johnson, Derek Paddy and Leo Cook were arrested and taken to the sheriff's office, where they refused to provide statements and asked for a lawyer, according to reports.
Felony charges were filed against the three including possession of heroin with intent to deliver and armed violence. Their cases are pending in Kane County court.
The lawsuit contends the officers lacked legal justification to extend the duration of the traffic stop after Hain completed the warning.
The officers also didn't have the right to question the passengers, order them out of the car or take them or Johnson into custody, have the dog sniff the car, search the car, or seize any of the money, the lawsuit states.
hleone@tribpub.com
Twitter @hannahmleone
I think some of it is the excitement around the program and with Kalani, I think they feel the love.  They are a great person to feel comfortable with and it's the same with their staff. They love being around the players.
PROVO — BYU's triple T — The Transfer Trend — is real.
BYU Football Media Day took center stage Friday and festivities included some hard news stories like retiring numbers, ESPN's contract, bowl games and a LaVell Edwards jersey patch. But perhaps the biggest actual football news overshadowing Kalani Sitake's program is in the recruiting realm.
Be it through the coconut wireless, chats among friends, cousins telling cousins or whatever, Sitake is fielding so many requests from signees at other colleges inquiring about transferring to BYU that their staff has had to redesign their scholarship board.
More than 13 athletes who had signed letters of intent at Oregon State, Utah, Oregon, Wisconsin, Southern Utah, Nevada, Weber State, Hawaii and Notre Dame have announced transfer plans, already transferred or may yet transfer to BYU in the past 16 months. More may be on the way.
“We'll always find scholarships for the big boys,” smiled BYU recruiting coordinator Tevita Ofahengaue.
Most recently, former East High star linebacker Christian Folau, who signed with Oregon State after having more interest in Stanford and Utah than BYU, announced Tuesday, just a week off an LDS mission to Northern California, that he's now a Cougar.
Folau's transfer came so quick that before a lot of formalities and paperwork could be nailed down and as Sitake was discussing a list of Folau things to get done, they were already paying rent with friends in Provo, a surprise to the head coach.
Call it what you want, but this “transfer” deal is officially a trend in BYU recruiting. In particular, the majority have been Polynesian athletes, attracted to the NCAA's first native Tongan head coach and the energy he's created.
“We are a very small community,” said BYU linebackers coach Steve Kaufusi.
“I'm sure some of these guys talk among themselves. News travels fast among families and everybody is related to somebody,” they said.
“I think some of it is the excitement around the program and with Kalani, I think they feel the love.  They are a great person to feel comfortable with and it's the same with their staff. They love being around the players. Thing is, they all know each other. Guys who are already here are calling guys telling them they want them here. It's a little bit of everything.”
In fact, today more than ever before, high school and college athletes are connected digitally through social media so recruits are hearing that Sitake is making it fun to be a BYU football player, according to tight end Moroni Laulu-Pututau.
“One thing he's done is brought diversity to the program, and that's opened up a lot of areas and interest from across the country,” added Laulu-Putatau.
Then there's the staff. “They're like a bunch of little kids, joking around. They're crazy. And I love it.”
BYU linebacker Fred Warner on what players transferring into BYU says about the Cougars' coaches: "All the players left be the coaches because they have our best interests in mind." A post shared by Deseret News Sports (@desnewssports) on Jun 23, 2017 at 1:20pm PDT
Where BYU's football office used to be like a bank, it's now like it was in the LaVell Edwards era, a gathering place where anything can happen.
“It's a rowdy place,” said Kaufusi. “You can hear it down the hallways, guys like coach Jack Damuni, and (running back coach) Reno Mahe doing something. They've even got an old guy like me laughing and smiling more.”
Right now, there's a run on transfers. BYU's staff has to be careful. Sitake told reporters Friday that they wished they had a thousand scholarships to offer, but they don't.
This transfers trend has involved players like safety Austin Lee (Utah), quarterback Austin Kafentzis (Wisconsin), defensive lineman AJ Lolohea (Weber State), tight end Joe Tukuafu (Utah State) and Wisconsin signee Ula Tolutau.
More than a week ago stories cropped up about Notre Dame offensive lineman Tristen Hoge and former Utah signee offensive lineman James Empey. Prior to that the list included Khyiris Tonga, a defensive lineman once committed to Utah, and Hawaii-bound receiver Mack Richards from Alta High. SUU linemen Andrew Eide and Keyan Norman both followed assistant head coach Ed Lamb from SUU to Provo. Wayne Kirby, a defensive tackle at Oregon is now at BYU, as will be one-time Thunderbird QB signee Joe Critchlow.
Kaufusi said another factor is that some LDS athletes who made a decision when they were 17 years old and then went on an LDS Chuch mission, have changed priorities two years later and are seeking a more conservative campus like BYU.
“I know this happened to me when I was recruited and came off a mission. It happened to my son Bronson. Things change inside of you and after a mission, the atmosphere where there is drinking and partying on some campuses just doesn't appeal to you (and) in fact you begin to seek out people who feel the same way you do and you want to surround yourself with those ideals.”
So there's more than one part to the engine that's running this. Empey loved Utah's staff and the Utes did everything perfectly to recruit him, far better than BYU. But a coaching change, their father Mike being named BYU's offensive line coach, played a big part in their choice to transfer.
It isn't unusual to see transfers on the move following coaching changes and Sitake is taking advantage of that, especially with those they built relationships with when at Utah and Oregon State, years before taking the BYU job.
The past few days the internet has been flooded with photos of Sitake posing with high school prospects. Smiles abound all around; it's a Twitter thing.
Some of this transfer stuff might be as simple as guys thinking it might be more fun to play under Sitake than the previous BYU coaching staff, thus a change in thinking the past 16 months after signing somewhere else.
Sitake told reporters it isn't about him, but their staff and their hard work recruiting while crediting their assistants' families for being understanding and supporting them while they travel and hit the recruiting trails for work.
Kalani Sitake discusses transfers, their desire to help players find the right fit #byumediaday A post shared by Deseret News Sports (@desnewssports) on Jun 23, 2017 at 11:24am PDT
Not so, explained offensive coordinator Ty Detmer, “It's Kalani.”
Sitake is front and center. They set the tone. Edwards was their mentor. If there is one thing Sitake loves most about college coaching, it is recruiting, pumping hands, giving hugs, meeting people. It is their passion.
Genuine as a 7-11 Slurpee. Just like LaVell.
Edwards always put a premium on relationships. They did it with humor and kept it low key. They had an advanced degree in remembering names.
Sitake seems cut from the same cloth. Witnesses abound.
And this year's symbolic Edwards jersey patch for this year's team is a classy way for Kalani to honor their idol.
So Bernie Sanders wants a "kinder, gentler" program of extrajudicial drone killings. Well, isn't that nice? Isn't that "progressive"? He'll "try" to "limit" the number of children blown into pieces by joystick commandos 10,000 miles away watching a computer screen. What hope, what change! Oh well, he's just doing what anybody has to do to climb that big ole greasy pole of power. As long as they stick with the Terror War program, the elite will be glad to let them pursue domestic "reforms" that they can easily block, dilute or co-opt -- just as they've done with the eagerly complicit Obama (who is now off to Alaska on a "bold" push to combat climate change ... just after giving Shell Oil the OK to drill in pristine waters there). In the immortal words of Elvis Costello: "Clowntime is over/Time to take cover...."
Details Written by Chris Floyd Category: Articles Published: 31 August 2015 Hits: 2604
Today, Colts defensive lineman Arthur Jones is officially eligible to come off of the reserve/suspended list, meaning that the Colts will have to make a decision on what to do with him.
Jones was suspended four games for violating the league's substance-abuse program, but before that they hadn't really done much with the Colts as they struggled with injuries. Signed as their big free agent acquisition in 2014, Jones missed the bulk of the 2014 season with an injury. They played in nine games (starting three) and recorded 23 tackles, 1.5 sacks, and a forced fumble. Then in 2015, the Colts were counting on them to be healthy and produce, but they suffered a season-ending injury during the preseason. This year, Jones was limited as they recovered from their injury in training camp and preseason and was largely a non-factor.
Meanwhile, other defensive linemen have emerged as playmakers for the Colts. Kendall Langford and Henry Anderson have both proven themselves to be very good linemen, and David Parry has been good enough at nose tackle. Then Zach Kerr has been a nice depth guy as part of the rotation, and rookie Hassan Ridgeway has promise. The sixth defensive lineman, T.Y. McGill, has some really nice pass rush skills and was the star of camp and preseason this year.
So here's the question: where does Jones fit in? He's not going to supplant Langford, Anderson, or Parry in the starting lineup, and it'd be a surprise if they find themselves ahead of Zach Kerr as the top rotational guy anytime soon either as they work back into the mix. So then should they play them ahead of Ridgeway, the rookie? And what does that mean for McGill, who does have some value as a third down lineman in passing situations? There aren't easy answers to those questions. The Colts want to see what they can do when healthy, but it will be a very interesting question nonetheless to see how (and if) the Colts integrate them back into the mix as they come off of their suspension. The logical move to make would be to waive the recently-signed Jeremy Vujnovich (only to sign them back to their practice squad once they clear waivers) to make room for Jones, which would then give the Colts a roster spot to see what to do with him. But how will they work them into the defensive line mix? That remains to be seen, and I don't think there's an easy answer.
Bacteria found in the soil activated a group of neurons that produce the brain chemical serotonin.
Treatment of mice with a 'friendly' bacteria, normally found in the soil, altered their behavior in a way similar to that produced by antidepressant drugs, reports research published in the latest issue of Neuroscience.
These findings, identified by researchers at the University of Bristol and colleagues at University College London, aid the understanding of why an imbalance in the immune system leaves some individuals vulnerable to mood disorders like depression.
Dr Chris Lowry, lead author on the paper from Bristol University, said: "These studies help us understand how the body communicates with the brain and why a healthy immune system is important for maintaining mental health. They also leave us wondering if we shouldn't all be spending more time playing in the dirt."
Interest in the project arose after human cancer patients being treated with the bacteria Mycobacterium vaccae unexpectedly reported increases in their quality of life. Lowry and their colleagues reasoned that this effect could be caused by activation of neurons in the brain that contained serotonin.
When the team looked closely at the brains of mice, they found that treatment with M. vaccae activated a group of neurons that produce the brain chemical serotonin. The lack of serotonin in the brain is thought to cause depression in people, thus M. vaccae's effects on the behavior of mice may be due to increasing the release of serotonin in parts of the brain that regulate mood.
The new research supports this hypothesis, but future studies will be designed to determine if M. vaccae, other bacteria, or pharmaceutical compounds have antidepressant properties through activation of this group of serotonin neurons.
Share. "I should read for it?" "I should read for it?"
Deadpool comic creator Rob Liefeld wants Russell Crowe to star as Cable in Fox's upcoming Deadpool sequel, and the actor has responded to their request.
In a post on Twitter, Liefeld said to Crowe: "@russellcrowe you should read for Cable in Deadpool and X-Force. Just sayin..." to which the Oscar-winning actor (who doesn't have to "read" for a role at this point) replied: "I should read for it?"
Exit Theatre Mode
Shortly thereafter, Liefeld apologized, telling Crowe he's a "huge fan" and that their prior tweet was "poorly worded." Crowe responded by saying, "I'm sure if @VancityReynolds [Ryan Reynolds] has any interest in that idea he'll find a way."
A few hours later, Crowe retweeted a piece of fan art depicting them as Cable to Liefeld, saying, "Hmmm... @robertliefeld thoughts?"
According to Deadpool 2 writers Paul Wernick and Rhett Reese, Fox's upcoming sequel will simplify Cable's "convoluted origin." Deadpool director Tim Miller was originally going to helm the sequel, but left the project over creative differences. Miller reportedly wanted to cast Bloodline star Kyle Chandler as Cable, but Reynolds didn't agree, and Fox ultimately sided with the actor.
Instead, John Wick director David Leitch is now on board to helm Deadpool 2, which, like it's predecessor, won't have a huge budget or very many X-Men.
Exit Theatre Mode
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter and subscribe to their YouTube channel.
Well, there's finally been a bit of a break in the rain, and even though the bugs are bad and the hammock is soaked, I'm really enjoying sitting outside in the sun. After spending the last couple of weeks cleaning up the yard, I'm about ready to move on to another project. Fortunately and unfortunately, my next project has a deadline of two weeks. That's when I will be getting chickens, and I've got a lot to do before they get here.
During my yard cleanup, I actually dragged something additional into the yard. Back behind the woodshed in the brush was an old trailer with a wooden box built on it. One of the tires was flat and the frame of the trailer is not square, but I pulled the trailer out into the open hoping to find a use for it. The wood of the box is largely rotten and covered in moss, but other than not being square, the trailer is in good shape and when Amy asked if I wanted some chickens, I realized what I could do with the trailer.
I've taken care of chickens for friends, and they are not a lot of work. My biggest concern out here is that I am just going to be providing a free meal or four for some predator. Bears, foxes, coyotes, eagles, raccoons, and owls are just some of the predators that could cause me problems. But the chickens will be farm animals, not pets, and if they get eaten, then I will move on with my life. I'll do my best to provide them with food, water and shelter, but am not going to worry too much about them.
The first thing I'm going to do is to build a fenced in and roofed run for the chicks. They will only be about a month old when I get them from another local couple, and to buy myself some time, the run will be where they spend their days, and the wood shed is where they will sleep. I figure since they won't be laying eggs anytime soon, I'll have a week or two after I get them to finish up the coop.
I've never built a coop before but have seen enough of them to have a good idea of what I want. That old trailer will make them safe, warm, dry, and mobile. Since the coop will be on wheels, I can move it as often as I want. I'm not sure what I'm going to do this winter, as it will be hard for me to keep them warm. Hay bales and hot rocks might get them through, but if not, I'll put them out of their misery. I'm looking forward to fresh eggs and the chickens eating lots of bugs. I just hope that they don't get eaten before I get a chance to eat them myself.
Be sure to like Middle of the Trail on Facebook for more pictures and daily updates and follow @JustinALevine for whatever it is I do on Twitter.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Print
Egon Schiele At the tender age of 20,broke radically with the history of figurative painting, portraying the psychological state of their subjects rather than their physical characteristics. This approach resulted in a deep well of subversive drawings and paintings that unmasked their sitters—including, and perhaps most significantly, himself—as angsty, emaciated, gender ambiguous, and sexually experimental beings.
Since Schiele's tragic demise in 1918 at the age of 28, a cult following has galvanized around the wunderkind Austrian artist, whose avant-garde and open-minded depiction of the human body and sexuality was unprecedented in the realm of critically acclaimed art. Below, we explore the forces that inspired the power of Schiele's oeuvre—one that still spellbinds artists and art lovers the world over today.
Who Was Egon Schiele?
In their early years living with their station-master father, mother, and two sisters at a railroad junction in the small Austrian town of Tulln, Schiele displayed a knack for draftsmanship evident in intricate drawings of trains and their trappings. But it was personal tragedy that propelled him, once and for all, into a life devoted to their artistic practice, one accompanied by an ever-ballooning ego. Their father, who frequented brothels in their youth (as was usual for well-to-do Austrian men of the era), was first rendered mad, then later died in 1905 from the sexually transmitted disease syphilis. Their psychosis and death deeply affected the 19-year-old Schiele, but simultaneously unlocked a ferocious curiosity around sexuality, mortality, and the inner-workings of the human mind in the young artist.
Then in the last year, the brothel business became even more challenging amid rising pressure from aid groups, journalists and the United States State Department's trafficking office. The office issued reports shaming Cambodian leaders and threatened sanctions if they did nothing.
Many of the brothels are owned by the police, which complicates matters, but eventually authorities in Cambodia were pressured enough that they ordered a partial crackdown.
Photo
“They didn't tell me to close down exactly,” said another Poipet brothel owner whom I've also interviewed periodically. “But they said I should keep the front door closed.”
About half the brothels in Poipet seem to have gone out of business in the last couple of years. After Ms. Khorn's brothel closed, their daughter-in-law took four of the prostitutes to staff a new brothel, but it's doing poorly and they are thinking of starting a rice shop instead. “A store would be more profitable,” grumbled the daughter-in-law, Sav Channa.
“The police come almost every day, asking for $5,” they said. “Any time a police officer gets drunk, they come and asks for money. ... Sometimes I just close up and pretend that this isn't a brothel. I say that we're all sisters.”
Ms. Channa, who does not seem to be imprisoning anyone against them will, readily acknowledged that some other brothels in Poipet torture girls, enslave them and occasionally beat them to death. They complained that their cruelty gives them a competitive advantage.
Photo
But brutality has its own drawbacks as a business model, particularly during a crackdown, pimps say. Brothels that imprison and torture girls have to pay for 24-hour guards, and they lose business because they can't allow customers to take girls out to hotel rooms. Moreover, the Cambodian government has begun prosecuting the most abusive traffickers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“One brothel owner here was actually arrested,” complained another owner in Poipet, indignantly. “After that, I was so scared, I closed the brothel for a while.”
To be sure, a new brothel district has opened up on the edge of Poipet — in the guise of “karaoke lounges” employing teenage girls. One of the Mama-sans there offered that while they didn't have a young virgin girl in stock, they could get me one.
Virgin sales are the profit center for many brothels in Asia (partly because they stitch girls up and resell them as virgins several times over), and thus these sales are their economic vulnerability as well. If we want to undermine sex trafficking, the best way is to pressure governments like Cambodia's to organize sting operations and arrest both buyers and sellers of virgin girls. Cambodia has shown it is willing to take at least some action, and that is one that would strike at the heart of the business model.
Sexual slavery is like any other business: raise the operating costs, create a risk of jail, and the human traffickers will quite sensibly shift to some other trade. If the Obama administration treats 21st-century slavery as a top priority, we can push many of the traffickers to quit in disgust and switch to stealing motorcycles instead.
We've always wanted to write about youth development – it's something that interests us both and we feel we have a few points that can help people. Scouting and recruitment is supposed to be the first article about Youth Development, but I'm still toying with some ideas with that and I don't want to release anything that isn't complete, so I'll skip straight ahead to tutoring! Eventually we'll have a complete series of articles about this subject that you can refer back to and read in a logical order.
Tutoring is greatly underrated and underused by many in the FM community. In fairness a lot of it is very ambiguous and shrouded in theories and ideas but it is a very simple tool that makes youth development a whole lot more successful. At any one time, I probably have about 80% of my club's players involved in tutoring, whether that be as the mentor or the learner; it is the driving force behind my developmental system and can also help with team spirit and relationships. If you don't use it, here's why you should.
General points
The top age for a learner is 22 (therefore the youngest age for a mentor is 23
A tutor can mentor a youngster that vaguely shares any positions with them – eg a winger can tutor full backs sometimes
A player under the age of 23 can be a tutor if they are captain
A high rep youngster cannot be tutored by a low rep veteran
Players cannot be tutors if they are learning a PPM
Some PPMs can be passed on through tutoring that cannot usually be taught
Tutors must have a higher squad status than the learner
The importance of tutoring
So, what does tutoring do? I see a lot of people claim that a tutor will improve a player's mental attributes – not true. I can understand the idea and where people might get it from, but you are not going to turn Theo Walcott (not sure why I always use poor Theo as an example of a thick footballer) into Socrates from tutoring. Here is what tutoring changes:
Determination Adaptability Ambition Controversy Loyalty Pressure Professionalism Sportsmanship Temperament PPMs
Effectively then, tutoring changes a player's personality. These attributes are the contributors to what you see on a player's information tab, so theoretically you can turn a player from ‘Casual' to a ‘Model Professional' through tutoring, though probably not in just the one period. By the way, professionalism, ambition and determination are the attributes we're really looking to raise – these have a direct impact on the speed and success of development – though of course the others are handy to have. It is important to change players' personality because their personality affects their behaviour off the pitch; on the pitch you can usually rely on a good player to play well regardless of whether he's a Balotelli or a Scholes (subject to any attribute differences etc) but off the pitch, their actions are almost entirely influenced by their personality attributes. It is arguably too easy to change a players' personality on FM, because there is no way in hell Balotelli will become the angel Gabriel, regardless of how much time they spend with Gareth Barry. Players' personalities on FM are like putty; up to a certain age (23 on the latest patch) you can mould them and mash them into shape if you know your stuff, and you can rescue a young player from a life of drink-driving offences and gambling addictions, instead turning them into the professional, dedicated individual that every manager wants to manage.
Selecting a tutor-mentor match
You can go into all sorts of depths and theories here but for me it is very simple. I follow a few simple rules:
Tutor should have a better personality than the learner. I would usually advise higher determination in a tutor but there are some cases where you may be best off sacrificing a few determination points to gain professionalism and ambition.The ideal personality is Model Citizen (indicates almost perfect personality attributes) but you won't often find players with that, so try and aim for Model Professional, Professional, Ambitious, Resolute, Spirited, Perfectionist and ones like that.
Tutor should not be too different from the learner. It is no point pairing players who are worlds apart – you have plenty of time, do it in phases. If you have a trainwreck of a player, start with someone with a Balanced personality and decent determination, and then someone who's Professional with good determination before finishing it off with your best tutor if need be. Work in phases and the tutoring will work much better; for a start there'll be more attributes ‘passed on' and just as importantly, you'll get fewer arguments and more good relationships. I'm reliably informed that successful tutoring can improve morale so it's all the more important to keep it friendly!
different from the learner. It is no point pairing players who are worlds apart – you have plenty of time, do it in phases. If you have a trainwreck of a player, start with someone with a Balanced personality and decent determination, and then someone who's Professional with good determination before finishing it off with your best tutor if need be. Work in phases and the tutoring will work much better; for a start there'll be more attributes ‘passed on' and just as importantly, you'll get fewer arguments and more good relationships. I'm reliably informed that successful tutoring can improve morale so it's all the more important to keep it friendly! Keep the best tutors for the best prospects. There's really no need turning your 1* PA 16 year old into the Paul Scholes of League Two. If you know you're only going to sell them on then still tutor them, but don't try and craft them into the perfect personality.
When choosing between two fairly similar tutors, pick the one that the learner has on their Favoured Personnel or is known to ‘love playing with'; if neither fits that, pick the one that shares a language with the learner. Neither of these relationships are greatly important but from my experience, they can help the success of a tutelage period.
Final words
Tutoring should be in the starring role of your youth development system and if it isn't, it should be at the very least, a brilliant supporting act. It allows you to completely transform players and the way they approach training, contracts and interaction with you and the other players. The beauty of developing a club identity of professionalism and determination is that it feeds itself; when one generation has been tutored into angelic beings, they can grow up and tutor the next generation. It's an ongoing process of learning and teaching that can ensure the future squads of your club are equally driven and ruthlessly professional as the last. This is how clubs are built and this is how clubs succeed.
In face of depleting water reserves, unsustainable farming practices and the growing need to reduce our food miles – urban farming is emerging as a powerful alternative -thanks to reduced prices of indoor farming tech. Today there are well over 200 vertical farms operating around the world.
With tomato vines suspended above conference tables, lemon and passion fruit trees as partitions for meeting spaces, salad leaves grown inside seminar rooms and a rice paddy in the main lobby – Pasona Group in downtown Tokyo has an active Urban Farm growing in their HQ.
Pasona HQ is a nine story high, 215,000 square foot corporate office building. It is home to the largest and most direct farm-to-table of its kind ever realized inside an office building.
The Design
Spanning over 20% of their office area, the green space in the structure totals over 43,000 square feet, with crops and office workers sharing a common space. Using both hydroponic and soil based farming, over 200 species including fruits, vegetables and rice farmed, harvested, prepared and served at the cafeterias within the building.
Ducts, pipes and vertical shafts were rerouted to the perimeter of the building to allow for maximum height ceilings and a climate control system is used to monitor humidity, temperature and air flow in the building to ensure it is safe for the employees and suitable for the farm.
These crops are equipped with metal halide, HEFL, fluorescent and LED lamps and an automatic irrigation system. Tech to manage an intelligent climate control system to monitor humidity, temperature and breeze to balance human comfort during office hours and optimize crop growth after hours.
Seasonal flowers and orange trees are planted on the balconies between the deep double skinned facade. Partially relying on natural exterior climate, these plants create a living green wall and a dynamic identity to the public.
The lighting has been designed with hidden lights on the bottom vertical edge of the beams creating a large lit cove in the space between the beams. This method used throughout the workspace achieves 30% energy saving as compared to the conventional ceiling mounted lighting method.
The Benefits
As the crops harvested in Pasona HQ are served within the building cafeterias, it highlights ‘zero food mileage' concept of a more sustainable food distribution system that reduces energy and transportation cost.
Though the farm is a loss to the net rentable area for a commercial office, Pasona believes in the benefits of urban farm and green space to engage the public and to provide better workspace for their employees.
Beyond aesthetic and visual improvement, it exposes city workers to growing crops and interaction with farmland on a daily basis and provides improvement in mental health, productivity and relaxation in the workplace.
Studies show that most people in urbanized societies spend over 80% of their time indoors. Plants are also known to improve the air quality we breathe and a sampling on the air at Pasona HQ has shown reduction of carbon dioxide where plants are abundant. An improvement on the air quality can increase productivity at work by 12%, improves common symptoms of discomfort and ailments at work by 23%, reduce absenteeism and staff turnover cost.
Employees are asked to participate in the maintenance and harvesting of crops with the help of agricultural specialists. Such activity encourages social interaction and improves teamwork. It also provides them with a sense of responsibility and accomplishment in growing and maintaining the crops that are ultimately prepared and served at the building's cafeterias.
Urban Farming
Also opportunities for job placement into farming are very limited because of the steady decline of farming within the country. Pasona focuses on educating and cultivating next generation of farmers by offering public seminars, lectures and internship programs. The programs empower students with case studies, management skills and financial advice to promote both traditional and urban farming as lucrative professions and business opportunities.
In two years, the program recruited 150 and 200 students respectively, aiming to reverse the declining trend in the number of farmers and to ensure sustainable future food production.
Currently, Japan produces less than 1/3 of their grain locally and imports over 50 million tons of food annually, which on average is transported over 9,000 miles, the highest in the world. Japan's reliance on imported food is due to its limited arable land. Merely 12% of its land is suitable for cultivation.
Farmland in Pasona HQ is highly efficient urban arable land, stacked as a vertical farm with modern farming technology to maximize crop yields.
This Urban Farm is a unique workplace environment that promotes higher work efficiency, social interaction and engages the wider community of Tokyo by showcasing the benefits and technology of urban agriculture.
The project believes in the long term benefits and sustainability in recruiting new urban farmers to practice alternative food distribution. Thereby creating more urban farmland and reducing food mileage in Japan.
ALSO READ: 5 Exquisite Experiences You Simply Cannot Miss in Japan
USA TODAY Sports' Scott Gleeson counts down to the start of the season, breaking down the projected NCAA tournament field of 68.
Utah Utes guard Delon Wright (55) stands on the court during the second half against the Arizona Wildcats at McKale Center. Arizona won 65-56. (Photo: Casey Sapio, USA TODAY Sports)
THE FIRST WORD: All signs point to a breakthrough season in Salt Lake City.
Utah brings back the primary starter at every position from a blossoming squad that went .500 in a deep Pac-12. This includes the return of one of the most underrated guards in the country in Delon Wright and up-and-coming swing forward Jordan Loveridge. Factor in a stellar first-year student class, and a tradition-rich fanbase hungry for a return to the national spotlight has much to look forward to.
STARTING FIVE: Previewing the 2014-15 season
"It's all on paper," Utah fourth-year coach Larry Krystkowiak said. "I'm optimistic about what we can do. We've got a nice nucleus of guys coming back. But obviously, we've gotta take care of business."
The Utes have experience, size, depth, a likely All-American leader — all key ingredients for a breakthrough season — but Utah's coach wants the excitement level to be tempered. For now.
"Every year you have some teams that don't live up to expectations and then you have teams exceed expectations. We want to keep exceeding expectations," said Krystkowiak, who's attempting to bring the program stability for the first time since the Rick Majerus era.
“We have to figure out how to win on the road. Last year, in all those games it was costly turnovers or getting beat on the glass or missing free throws. It wasn't really one theme but little things reared our heads. Hopefully it leads us to show up this season.” Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak
The Utes were woefully inconsistent last season, highlighted by a 67-63 overtime loss to Arizona on Feb. 19 that preceded a 71-39 blowout loss in the Pac-12 tournament. If the Utes want to overcome the highly-touted Wildcats and other league contenders like Colorado (which split with the Utes last season) and Stanford (which beat the Utes by one last season), they'll have to grow up and find ways to close out games, particularly on the road where they went 2-9.
2013-14 IN REVIEW: 21-12 overall, 9-9 in Pac-12 (tied for 8th place).
PATH TO THE DANCE: Pac-12 at-large bid.
PROJECTED TOURNEY SEED: No. 8 seed.
NON-CONFERENCE SCHEDULE GRADE: A-. See full schedule here.
The Utes had an ugly non-conference schedule rating of 341 last season, which didn't give them a chance of being in the NCAA tourney conversation. It's a much different look this season with tests at San Diego State, BYU, Kansas and UNLV. Plus a home clash with Wichita State. A night-and-day improvement.
TEAM BREAKDOWN: See full roster here.
STAR WATCH: Wright (15.5 ppg, 6.8 rpg, 4.8 apg) is a legitimate Pac-12 Player of the Year candidate after putting the NBA draft on hold. He's highly versatile on offense, scoring with athletic moves and a strong pull-up jumper. But it's their defense that gets overlooked. Wright led the Pac-12 in steals (2.5 spg) last season.
Utah forward Jordan Loveridge returns after averaging 14.7 points a game last season. (Photo: Russell Isabella, USA TODAY Sports)
Loveridge (14.7 ppg, 7.0 rpg) had a fantastic junior season, but there were games where they aren't a factor. They had seven games with 20 points or more and six games in single digits, including a 2-point performance in Utah's Pac-12 Tournament loss to Arizona. Consistency will be key for 2014-15.
X-FACTOR: Brandon Taylor (10.6 ppg, 3.1 apg). The combo guard gets overshadowed by Wright and Loveridge but he's a highly-accurate three-point shooter (40%) who can also create for teammates. At 5-10, they make up for their size with speed and energy, while complementing Wright so well.
KEY NEWCOMER: Brekkott Chapman. They were the top prospect out of the state of Utah (ranked top 50 nationally via ESPN), turning down offers from Arizona and Gonzaga to stay in-state. The 6-8 power forward should make an immediate impact.
TEAM STRENGTH/WEAKNESS: This will be the most experienced squad in the Pac-12. Lots of depth and size will give Utah a serious advantage, but the Utes need to be more aggressive rebounding. The way Krystkowiak sees it, this team shouldn't lose a rebounding battle all season.
Whereas the Utes were often playing undersized last season (3s playing 4s or 4s playing 5s), that shouldn't be the case in 2014-15. Kyle Kuzma, a 6-9 power forward who sat out last year, and Jakon Poeltl, a 7-foot first-year student from Australia, add depth to an already massive frontcourt — 7-foot center Dallin Bachynski (6.8 ppg 4.9 rpg) and 6-10 big man Jeremy Olsen (5.2 ppg) shared minutes in the middle last season. Chris Reyes, a 6-7 transfer from Saint Mary's, also adds depth in the frontcourt.
Role players will be a huge factor in this team's success. Dakarai Tucker (6.8 ppg, 39% three) is expected to take on an increased role in the backcourt and is one of the main reasons the Utes could lead the Pac-12 in field-goal percentage after ranking 14th nationally last season at 49%.
TWEET THAT SPEAKS VOLUMES: Larry Krystkowiak took the Ice Bucket Challenge at the Great Wall of China. Like. A. Boss.
***
HIGHLIGHT REEL: Delon Wright has athleticism and finesse that make make them incredibly difficult to guard.
***
FUN FACT: Utah is one of two schools to have the No. 1 NFL and NBA draft picks (Oklahoma being the other) and the only school to have them in the same year (Andrew Bogut and Alex Smith in 2005).
BASICS: The University of Utah is located in Salt Lake City, Utah and the Utes play their home games in the Jon M. Huntsman Center, which opened in 1969 and seats 15,000.
About this post: Every week day for the next three months, one of the 68 teams in USA TODAY Sports' projected field will be dissected. In November, the final bracket will be revealed.
I wish my father and mother had been alive to experience the joy and incredible relief that went through our country as Barack Obama took the oath of office. I wanted to be able to say to them,"It will be alright now, things will never be as bad again as they have been in our country after forty years of imperialist war, undermining of civil liberties, the penetration of me-firstism and materialism and selfishness into the very marrows of the bones of our citizens, the corporate media that bought the lies of the Republicans while scrutinizing with cynicism the hopes of the Democrats, the escalating destruction of the life-support systems of our planet, and the withdrawal of good people into their own private lives as they despaired about the possibilities of social change or healing our wounded society." But with my father's death in November, so many years after my mother had passed, it was no longer possible to take care of my parents.
So my wife Debora and I went to Washington to taste the experience, to be part of it, to celebrate and to reassure ourselves that it was really happening.
And it was a great celebration. On Monday evening the Network of Spiritual Progressives (NSP) joined many other religious communities at All Souls Church for an evening of prayer and talks by some of the people (many of them Tikkun authors) who I've come to love in the past decades. My friend Rabbi Arthur Waskow and Mark Johnson of the Fellowship of Reconciliation had worked on the details of the program, and had put together a remarkable crew of speakers that gave living proof that spiritual/religious progressives remain a vibrant and creative force.
There was deep appreciation expressed to me, and through me to you, for the full page ad that had appeared a few days before in the New York Times sponsored by Tikkun and the NSP and calling not only for an immediate cease fire in Gaza and asking Obama to call for an international conference to resolve the larger Israel/Palestine issues. I learned that day that the ad (together with the brief story about it that appeared in the Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz) had actually caused a flurry of interest inside the Obama circle, had been the subject of discussions at the highest levels, and had succeeded in upping the pressure on Israel, already considerable, for a pre-inauguration cease fire which Israel had indeed proclaimed and to which Hamas had quickly (though indirectly, since Israel still refuses to talk to them directly) acquiesced. So it was wonderful to hear from people from many diverse backgrounds the congratulations on the ad, which for most people was the only public (outside of cyberspace petitions) statement that they had seen of people who were countering the narrow media framing of the issues (who started or who was most responsible for the current round of violence?) and insisting on using this moment to call for a serious attempt to solve the larger Israel/Palestine conflict which would certainly flare up in violence again or else revert to the daily and largely hidden violence of the Occupation. I wanted you to know how much appreciation was expressed through me to you for making that ad possible--not only by many Arabs and Muslims and progressive Jews whose voices have otherwise been ignored by the media, but also by many Christian Americans who have felt horrible to watch as their fellow Americans seemed to line up behind the brutality being inflicted upon the Palestinian people. Many people noted with deep appreciation the fact that our ad had not engaged in blaming, but only in putting out a forward-looking strategy for how to end the conflict. I don't think I would have known how grateful people were for this ad had I not been in D.C.--because people who tend to write to us usually do so only when they have a complaint).
Later that night we went to a dinner-party sponsored by Tikkun publishers Trish and George Vradenburg, a fund-raising event in which people had paid lots of money to support a feeding-the-homeless program in D.C. It was one of many such parties taking place that evening in response to Obama's call for all Americans to honor Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday that day by engaging in some kind of service-to-others. It was quite touching to see these people gathered to do their part and generously care for the hungry.
We had tickets and good seats for the Inauguration and were surrounded by two million people, many of them as excited as we to be there. There was much to be appreciated in Obama's Inaugural Speech. After 8 years of systematic undermining of the basic civil liberties and human rights that the American revolution had sought to guarantee against the tyranny of another George (III), the reaffirmation of the Constitutional tradition felt like a major accomplishment. That that was followed up in subsequent days by a set of Presidential directives insisting upon transparency in the Obama Administration, forbidding the CIA and others from using torture, setting the path toward closing Guantanamo's torture house, lifting the ban on discussion of birth control for US funded health care projects, made me feel so elated that I nearly forgot that these accomplishments were really only a return to that which Americans had fought for 240 years ago.
And there were many other good aspects of Obama's speech. For the first time ever, a President acknowledged that we are a country of "Christian and Muslims, Jews and Hindus, and non-believers." This was an important formulation, both in affirming Muslims, who have been subject to harassment ever since 9/11, but also and equally important in affirming the legitimacy of non-believers. Our Network of Spiritual Progressives has gone out of its way to affirm "spiritual but NOT religious" people as being equally welcome. We believe that one of the perversions of religion occurs when it de facto becomes part of what is required of citizens--it's bad for the society and it's bad for religions which then get filled up with people who are there more out of civic obligation or political opportunism than out of spiritual encounter with the mystery and magnificence of all that is.
Finally, there was in this speech a reaffirmation of the importance of judging outcomes in terms of "the common good." However little they failed to explain what it would mean to really consider that seriously, articulating the notion of "the common good" could provide a leverage for future policy directions.
I wished that Barack Obama had spent some time acknowledging the anti-war movement and the civil rights movement that had made their candidacy possible in the first place, rather than using the occasion to insist that "we will not apologize for our way of life" (why not? a way of life in which the U.S. with 5% of the world's population consumes 25% of the world's resources and produces a majority of the world's weapons and is responsible for a war in Iraq that has caused the death of hundreds of thousands and the wounding/maiming of millions plus 3 million refugees--there is plenty to apologize for). I wished they had used the occasion to question the wisdom of an economic system that rewards selfishness and materialism rather than, as they did, merely mention that there was a problem about greed and irresponsibility that had weakened our economy and then hasten to add that it was really "our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age" (I couldn't help wondering how anyone I knew had participated in this collective failure). I wish they had not committed themselves to "forging a hard earned peace in Afghanistan" since that can only be a way of saying that they really intends to escalate the war there (despite the many who had assumed that they were just talking about Afghanistan during the campaign as a way of sounding tough to win votes, hopeful that they would not commit new troops to a guerrilla war that could not be won). I wished that when talking about the sacrifices made by people in the past so that we could have the America of the present they had not listed, along with those who had immigrated here, and "toiled in sweatshops and settled the West" those who "endured the lash of the whip" as though that too had been a voluntary sacrifice when in fact it was a manifestation of an as-yet-unrepented-for system of slavery for which we should be talking about reparations to those who still suffer from its consequences; nor should they have listed the dead of Khe Sanh along with the dead of "places like Concord and Gettysburg; and Normandy" since the dead of the Vietnam War were slaughtered not for the sake of our ideals but because of the immorality of our imperialist policies. And oh, how I wished they had used this occasion to teach Americans about our need to recreate our society and build communities based on a new ethos of love and generosity, kindness and compassion, ethical and ecological sensitivity--and that these should be the criteria used when assessing any governmental policy or the performance of our economic and political systems, our educational system, our health care system, our laws and our daily human relations.
I hope that years from now, looking backward, I'll be able to say that these were minor quibbles, that Obama was deciding not to use this moment to educate but to reassure Americans that they were not to be feared but to be supported, and that their subsequent policies achieved in practice the transformation of consciousness that could have begun at this moment.
The ceremony itself seemed a bit stiff (it was no pleasure to see Senator Diane Feinstein chairing the event--the memory of them congratulating Bush for their fine accomplishment of "shock and awe" after the first night of the Iraq war and their vote to support Bush appointees to the Supreme Court and for Attorneys General reminded me how slippery the category "moderate Democrat" has become in the past forty years and sounded the alarm for me when I heard that Gov. Patterson has chosen a "moderate Democrat" to replace in the U.S. Senate Hillary Clinton while the impeached governor of Illinois had chosen a "moderate Democrat" to replace in the U.S. Senate Barack Obama from Illinois).
I wasn't moved by the poetry or by the music, and would have preferred if at least at one point the crowd had been asked to stand and sing "We Shall Overcome" or "Imagine" or in some other way been given a chance to acknowledge that the cultural milieu was not being set by homophobic pastor Rick Warren's recitation of The Lord's Prayer (something that we Jews,and many of our non-Jewish civil libertarian allies, had fought to get out of the public sphere in the 1950s when it was imposed upon us in public schools as a daily requirement until the Warren Court had rightly ruled that this was not appropriate for our collective public space). Mostly, people around us were rolling their eyes, not wanting to get upset about Warren or why Obama had chosen them to speak. And they would later be balanced by Joseph Lowery whose civil rights years flowed through their fiery talk.
The details of the speech and the culture of the event were mostly overshadowed by the fact standing before us--an African American man in a country that had for hundreds of years enslaved, murdered, raped and exploited African Americans. For me, as for so many around me, that single fact overwhelmed us. I had given up my path to a comfortable career in the 1960s by engaging in civil disobedience that had led to my arrest and imprisonment. I, like millions of others like me, had been filled with rage at the oppression of Blacks, and had put my body and my life on the line to stop it. I had met with Martin Luther King, Jr. to encourage them to run for President. I had worked with the Black Panther Party in an attempt to form an alliance in which whites and Blacks could struggle together for a change in the de facto segregation and economic exploitation that persisted even after Civil Rights legislation had passed. I had later written a book with African American intellectual Cornel West called Jews and Blacks: Let the Healing Begin (Putnam, 1995) and we had traveled around the U.S. in our attempt to model the healing we sought. So, yes, tears welled up in my eyes and prayers of thanksgiving to the God of the universe at this most moving moment when suddenly it seemed as if decades of effort had not been in vain.
I don't know who Barack Obama will turn out to be as President. Will they be the Obama who asked to speak at our Tikkun conference in Chicago in 1996 and who assured me that they embraced the politics of meaning that we were then calling our spiritual progressive worldview and the Obama who, when we spent time with each other in 2006, assured me that they were reading my book The Left Hand of God, the young Senator who assured me that we shared much in our worldviews? I can't be sure. But that there is even such a possibility gives me great hope. And yet, as I stated in the Jan/Feb 2009 editorial in Tikkun, who they will be depended in part on who we will be--whether we can create a powerful voice to support Obama to be the best possible Obama they could be, or whether the forces of fear will reassert themselves so powerfully that the message of loving community and generosity will seem too utopian to Obama to fight for them. I hope you'll re-read that editorial (it's at www.tikkun.org).
In any event, back to Washington, D.C. where my wife and I then spent the next four hours after the inauguration walking in freezing weather because we could not get a cab nor find a way to get through the hundreds of thousands of people flooding the subway system. And... we survived. We managed to change our clothes and make it to the inaugural Peace Ball put on by Andy Shallal for progressives. a spirit-lifting event that was all the things that we had hoped for: Joan Baez singing 'Imagine,' Harry Belafonte, Holly Near, and two floors of elegance at the National Postal Museum filled with people who have been giving their lives energies to the movements for social change. And almost every few minutes we'd be stopped by people who wanted to thank us for what Tikkun, the Tikkun Community, and the Network of Spiritual Progressives have been doing these many years.
Everyone in that room knew that our work is still ahead of us, that the outcome of the years ahead is not predetermined, that Obama is not our savior and they are not even a man blessed with the vision and courage of a Martin Luther King, Jr. or a Gandhi.  They are a politician, and a good one, and they can do a lot of good, and a lot more good if we can find the right ways to support what is best in him. But for an evening, and perhaps for many of us for longer than that, we allowed ourselves to just enjoy and celebrate the victory that we had won.
What happened in Connecticut is horrible beyond imagination. An absolutely abominable man shooting all those helpless children just boggles the mind. Who could do such a thing? The whole world is in shock over such a despicable act; what must the people of Newtown going through? And the parents and loved ones of the victims; hell cannot hold the horrors that their lives have become.
Adam Lanza is a monster.
Of course all the media are covering this story around the clock. And to fill the airtime there's a lot of speculation about what kind of man is capable of doing something like this. We've all heard that they were suffering from a Personality Disorder. Even that they were bipolar. I find it impossible to believe that someone could be driven to kill all those innocent people could be driven by the same disease that I have. My diagnosis is type I. I've had my share of extreme mania and even been to the point of delusion. But even in my darkest moments it's never even been conceivable to hurt anyone else.
There are so few people who really understand this illness. There's so much ignorance about how this disorder affects us and what it does to us as individuals. And out of this ignorance comes the stigma. Because we are bipolar many just immediately consider us to be crazy and dangerous. We are shunned and feared. It can cost us our jobs, dear friendships, relationships and marriages. It's hard enough to live with this illness without the added isolation that comes from the lack of knowledge.
There's no question that this man was seriously ill. We will never know just what was going through their mind as they planned and executed this unimaginable deed. They had to have been truly insane in the truest sense of the word. But was they bipolar? Read the criteria of bipolar disorder. We suffer extreme mood swings. We go though depressions that take us to the absolute pit of despair. Our manias can be delusional and we may even hear voices or lose complete touch with reality. But nowhere in the diagnostic criteria does it suggest that we can be criminally insane.
Being bipolar does not make you a mass murderer.
But now, thanks to the mass media feeding into common misconceptions and ignorance we have a new stigma hanging over us. We're bipolar, we must be crazy. It's hard enough to meet people and have some chance at a normal life. And now there is this added challenge to overcome.
Do not misunderstand me. I am in no way minimizing what has happened to the victims and families of such a tragic event. I'm not selfish enough to compare what I go through to the unimaginable loss that they are experiencing. To say that my problems pale by comparison would be a massive understatement. It is truly beyond compare. But in our own small way, we have become victims too. The perception of this disease has just been made a little worse. Now we are being put in the same category as a monster.
I am not a monster.
My heart goes out to all the victims of this catastrophic event. All those people gone, all those children who will never have the chance to grow up; it is such a tragedy. All the world's tears being shed cannot lessen the loss of the potential of these lives or comfort those who have been touched. One sick man has affected us all in such of a horrible way.
It is a terror and abomination beyond understanding. For all of us.
Advertisements
A controlled voting system can help a community manage resources sustainably so that future generations can still enjoy them, according to a study published today in Nature1 and re-enacted in this Nature Video. Having empirical support for the long-held view that people are mostly cooperative could help to design better public policies aimed at preserving shared resources, such as clean air or fish stocks.
There's plenty of evidence to suggest that people are not purely self-interested. But although economists have long studied how people cooperate in groups, they have not looked specifically at whether individuals are happy to share resources with future generations, who cannot return the favour.
Evolutionary dynamicist Martin Nowak at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and their team wanted to test whether groups of people could sustain a resource over several ‘generations' of players. They used the online platform Amazon Mechanical Turk to recruit volunteers. Each generation had five players and a pool of 100 units of a virtual resource to split among them or leave for future generations. If more than half was left, the resource was renewed to 100 for the next group.
Different teams played different versions of the game to see which strategy was best for preserving resources. In the first version of the game, the players were told to take as many units as they liked, to a maximum of 20. The pool quickly depleted, and rarely lasted to the next generation. In the second version, the five players voted on what each should take. Here the resource was sustainable — sometimes out to 14 generations. “In general, people are willing to do the right or fair thing even at some cost for themselves,” says co-author David Rand at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
But voting only works if the outcome is binding. In another version of the game, where three players voted and two took what they liked, only 30% of the resource pools were passed on to another generation, as opposed to 100% in the full voting condition. The authors think that a binding vote works best because the majority of cooperators can restrain the selfish minority, and everyone is reassured that they won't lose out.
The team hopes that discussions on how to reduce carbon emissions or prevent overfishing could benefit from their insight. But they recognize that real life is messier than a simple online game.
Nonetheless, empirical evidence that people's altruistic nature can be harnessed is a useful start. “The possibility is there, they just have to be used,” says Nowak.
More than three-quarters (76.57 percent) of readers who weighed in Wednesday on a lehighvalleylive.com poll support the Pennsylvania Senate's efforts to legalize medical marijuana, as of mid-afternoon.
As of about 2:30 p.m., 10.75 percent said they disagreed with the effort.
In addition, nearly one in 10 respondents called the proposed law too restrictive.
We asked readers to weigh in a day after the Senate voted overwhelmingly to pass SB 1182 and send it to the House, where it faces an uphill battle against time — six legislative days remain in the 2013-14 session — and leaders of the Republican majority who say this is a question for Congress, not the states. Including New Jersey, 23 states plus the District of Columbia have medical cannabis programs. Two of those, Colorado and Washington, permit recreational sales to anyone 21 and older.
Some commenters on Wednesday's poll post took a tongue-in-cheek approach to the question, referencing Pennsylvania's state-run liquor industry:
DohBiden said:
PA would never think of legalizing a mind-altering product. PA would never think of paying half-wit, unionized cashiers above market wages and a pension to sell it. PA would never think of collecting a 6% sales tax and a non-itemized, 18% Johnstown Flood Tax on it. Oh wait ......
Carmello and NJISSCREWED called for full legalization, saying, respectively:
It should be legal for medical use, recreational use AND industrial use. All three uses are important. After all, an acre of marijuana makes 4 times as much paper as an acre of trees.
and
Legalize it for recreational use, tax it, and use the revenue for property tax relief. The schools will be funded, the homeowners will have extra income to spur the economy, and the snack food and video game industry will also benefit.
chopman14 took the opposing view, saying Pennsylvania doesn't need another potentially dangerous substance, saying in response to other commenters:
I chubbed a little writing this post's title. But it's true, (despite my penchant for indulging in hyperboney). The Game technique known as qualification — i.e., having standards and demanding women meet them — is rocket-fueled tingle induction. It takes balls to pull it off….most men can't even fathom dealing with women in anything other than an appeasing mindset. But when your typical prime pumpability hottie hears a man challenge them to rise to their expectations, they almost can't believe them luck. What a breath of fresh air compared to the parade of betas who ask nothing of them but how far backwards to bend in cloying supplication!
On this theme, a reader (@kingcrimson88) writes about their experience using the qualification line “how normal are you” on a girl.
Response rate is up at least 50% w/ opener ‘how normal are you'. Dat qualification Thanks CH.
Bait and hook. Now all they need to do is reel and release to heighten the sexual tension. The first thing you'll notice after dropping a qualification MOAB on a woman is how eagerly they step to the challenge. It's as if she'd spent their whole life up until they met you trapped in a purgatory with men who had no idea they needed to feel like they were working for their interest.
As a seduction technique, qualification is an accelerant. As a tool for achieving life goals, it's indispensable. That's right, the same pickup wordplay that will arouse a girl's romantic curiosity is the frame of mind that will help a man find the right woman, the right career, and the right friends for himself.
Boldly and unapologetically exploring the subjects of, for example, a woman's religion, worldview, values, strengths, and weaknesses will help a man better screen out incompatible lovers for long-term commitment and identify those women (or that one special woman) who best complement their life and their ambitions, and vice versa.
You aren't just qualifying women to improve your odds of getting laid; you're also helping yourself find love and happiness.
When they arrive, 214 days will have passed since they last set foot in the Electric City. But on Friday, March 17, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton returns to Scranton.
The former presidential candidate, who often summered in Lake Winola as a child and whose late father, Hugh, grew up in the city and is buried in West Side, was announced Wednesday evening as the 2017 keynote speaker for the Society of Irish Women's 19th annual St. Patrick's Day dinner celebration at Hilton Scranton and Conference Center, 100 Adams Ave.
The information was shared with a few dozen society members at a regular business meeting and received a raucous reaction from those present. The speaker remained a closely guarded secret, even among event organizers, until Wednesday as part of an agreement with Clinton's staff.
“I am so, so excited for Hillary to come back to our city to motivate women as they have done for years,” said Mary Clare Kingsley, moments after they delivered the news with their sister Jane Duffy Shrive, with whom they share co-president duties this year.
“My first reaction was, ‘Oh my God.' We couldn't have gotten a better speaker,” said Carol Thomas, a past president of the society who was shocked at the announcement. “She just exemplifies everything we stand for as strong women in (Pennsylvania).”
Clinton's last Scranton appearance was Aug. 15, when they stumped at Riverfront Sports Complex during their campaign against Donald Trump. On that day, they also toured the city with then-Vice President Joe Biden, who was born and raised until the age of 10 in Scranton's Green Ridge section. They made another stop in the Scranton area on April 22 during a rally at Dunmore High School.
Since they lost the Nov. 8 election, Clinton has held a relatively low public profile. Following their concession speech, they all but disappeared from view until the presidential inauguration on Jan. 20, when they appeared on the main stage beside their husband, President Bill Clinton, and other former presidents and first ladies.
In 2017, Clinton has been spotted at a few Broadway productions in New York, most recently in the audience for “Sunset Boulevard,” on Feb. 15. They also spoke of their personal friend, Oscar de la Renta, at an unveiling ceremony Feb. 16 in New York for a new U.S. Postal Service stamp collection that honors the designer.
News of other Clinton speaking engagements have been trickling out, including a commencement address May 26 at their alma mater, Wellesley College in Massachusetts. Clinton graduated from the school in 1969 and also spoke there in 1992.
She's expected to speak March 8 at an International Women's Day event sponsored by Vital Voices, which they co-founded in 1997 with then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, as well as April 20, when they accept the Trailblazer Award from the LGBT Community Center in New York.
Clinton also is working on two books set for publication this year. A tome of personal essays based on their favorite inspirational quotes will be released by Simon & Schuster in the fall, and a reissue of their 1995 book, “It Takes A Village,” will be published with illustrations for younger readers, with proceeds going to charities.
Organizers of the St. Patrick's Day dinner anticipate a sell-out event, thanks to Clinton's involvement.
“For them to come to Scranton and recognize women here — 500 women like them — (when) they could be anywhere in the world, it's just incredible,” said Tracy Doherty, one of the society's founding members.
Times-Tribune wire services contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com, @pwildingTT on Twitter
If you go
What: Society of Irish Women's 19th annual St. Patrick's Day dinner celebration featuring keynote speaker Hillary Clinton
When: Friday, March 17; cocktails and entertainment begin at 5:30 p.m., followed by dinner at 7, then
program
Where: Hilton Scranton and Conference Center, 100 Adams Ave.
Details: Tickets are $75 and include open bar and dinner. For reservations, call Mariann Moran at 570-969-1061 or 570-947-5814.
Asus has been teasing a new phone announcement for CES, but phones need wireless certifications, and sometimes those documents give away more than intended. Such appears to be the case for the "ZC451CG," which the product description submitted to the Bluetooth Special Interest Group calls a successor to the ZenFone. This might be what Asus plans to unveil at CES.
The description lists some (modest) specs including a 4.5-inch 480x854 screen, 1GB of RAM, a 2100mAh battery, 5/0.3MP cameras, and Android 4.4.2. Asus will again be using a dual-core Intel Atom processor, but the document doesn't say which one in particular. Oh, it'll have Bluetooth 4.0 too. That's actually the whole reason this document exists.
If you were hoping for a high-end device out of Asus, it looks like that isn't happening. There's also no sign of any dual-camera setup as the video seemed to hint at, but that might have simply been some video trickery, not a representation of the actual product. The doc actually says "Dual Cameras (Front and Rear)," which is an odd phrasing. We'll find out whether or not this is the rumored device in a few weeks at CES.
[Bluetooth SIG – Thanks, Adam]
A tribute to our heroes—the military! Order today!
Members of the Canadian Armed Forces serve our country in many ways, devoting their lives to duty and committing to a much greater sacrifice should the need arise. A life of structure and discipline keeps these brave men and women ready for deployment, and speaks of their courage and dedication. Many of our soldiers have served—and continue to serve—in war zones throughout the world, fighting for the ideals we hold dear. Their job doesn't end when the fighting has ceased, with many continuing to serve by helping to rebuild infrastructure in the quest for peace and security.
A heartfelt way to recognize the valour and dedication of these men and women who face danger each day in the line of duty! Order today!
Special features:
HONOURS OUR EVERYDAY HEROES! Fourth and final coin in the series that honours our everyday heroes and pays tribute to their dedication to their community and beyond. Other coins in the series include: firefighters, paramedics, and the police.
Fourth and final coin in the series that honours our everyday heroes and pays tribute to their dedication to their community and beyond. Other coins in the series include: firefighters, paramedics, and the police. Selective colour over engraving brings to life the heroic depiction of an infantry soldier in the line of duty.
99.99% PURE SILVER! Crafted in 99.99% pure silver, your coin is GST/HST exempt!
About the Design:
Designed by Canadian artist Ken Ryan, your coin uses selective colour over engraving to create a portrait of bravery in action. In the engraved background, trees and branches hang overhead in this woodland setting, where military helicopters are taking part in rescue operations in an area of conflict. In the foreground, an infantry soldier in combat clothing extends their hand and reaches out to help the viewer, almost pulling us into the dynamic design, while the other gloved hand keeps a tight grip on the rappelling rope. The red-and-white colours of the Canadian flag patch on the upper left sleeve stand out against the green, brown and black camouflage pattern on the helmet and uniform, while the soldier keeps their expression intently focused on the dangerous situation at hand.
Did you know…
Members of the military are also active on the home front, where they can be called upon to perform search and rescue operations, patrol our airspace and waters, help with recovery efforts after natural disasters, and much more.
The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to all UN peacekeepers in 1988 for their efforts in keeping the peace.
Over 175,000 members of Canada's military have served in international peace support efforts in the last 60 years; sadly, more than 1,800 of them lost their lives.
Those who make the ultimate sacrifice while serving in the military are commemorated in the seven Books of Remembrance on Parliament Hill.
Packaging:
Your coin is encapsulated and presented in a Royal Canadian Mint-branded maroon clamshell with a black beauty box.
Order your coin today!
We're delighted to announce that Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's novel Americanah is the winner of the first-ever One Book, One New York program.
This February, the mayor's office invited New Yorkers to pick a book they'd like the city to read together: the other finalists were Paul Beatty's The Sellout, Ta-Nehisi Coates's Between the World and Me, Junot Díaz's The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, and Betty Smith's A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. Online and at kiosks in the subway, readers throughout the city cast some fifty thousand votes.
In the months to come, Americanah will feature in a series of free events throughout the city. As part of these proceedings, on May 11, The Paris Review will open our doors for a salon in Adichie's honor at our loft. Watch this space; we'll share more details about the event as soon as they're available. In the meantime, we congratulate Adichie, and look forward to seeing Americanah on the subway and buses and park benches, on rooftops and fire escapes, in libraries and bars and coffee shops and the DMV—and everywhere else New Yorkers read.
Read more about One Book, One New York here.
NPR Crank Cokie Roberts: Lower Class Women Accept Judge Moore Allegations Because They Are Used to Being Raped (VIDEO)
Fake news sycophants just can't figure out why the Judge Moore allegations aren't sticking.
It can't be that Americans, especially Alabamians simply don't believe last minute, left-wing gutter attacks on conservatives; it has to be something else!
ABC guest Cokie Roberts suggested women who aren't in fancy white collar jobs don't believe sexual harassment claims because they are used to being raped. WOW, really??
In the base, even women are suspicious of these sexual harassment claims and part of the reason for that is that women who are not in fancy white collar jobs often have really awful things happen to them on the job. They are assaulted. They are raped. They have horrible things happen to them. And so when they hear women say, ‘he talked dirty to me,' or ‘he came on to me,' they think, ‘big deal. That's not what happened to me. What happened to me is so much worse.' And so there's not that same sense of affinity.”
Keep talking Cokie Roberts. It's statements like this from the elites in the media establishment that will bring forward more MAGA candidates.
Many women in white collar jobs are brutally harassed by men. Take Congress for example. Congress has a rampant sexual harassment problem. In fact the problem is so bad that female lawmakers and aides keep a ‘creep list' of men who are notorious for lewd behavior.
The problem is so bad on Capitol Hill that women are afraid to get into elevators alone with certain male lawmakers. Are these white collared females safe because they wear suits to work, Cokie Roberts?
A female Senate staffer told CNN they had an experience with a male lawmaker in an elevator that left them horrified.
The media establishment and DC elites have such contempt for middle America that they will do and say anything to discredit their voices.
The cold hard reality is that nobody believes fake news media anymore and they are struggling as they realize they have lost their power.
VIDEO via The Daily Caller:
Did we stutter? Almost one million Toyotas. Recalled. Because spiders.
Top photo via (though I think that may actually be a Nissan in the picture...)
Via CNN:
Sometimes, their webs can create a blockage in a drainage tube coming from the air conditioning condenser. That can cause water to drip down onto an airbag control module, causing a short circuit. That, in turn, could cause the airbag warning light to light up on the dashboard and it could even cause the driver's side airbag to deploy, something that happens with explosive force.
Advertisement
In summary: Spider webs can cause your airbags to deploy unnecessarily. But wait, there's more!
In some cases, there could also be a loss of power-steering force, Toyota (TM) said. The vehicles involved are model year 2012 and 2013 Camrys, Venzas and Avalons, including hybrid versions of those cars.
Advertisement
Please note: this is not the first time a car manufacturer has recalled vehicles due to spiders.
Mike Coffman, the Republican representative for Colorado's 6th District, called for Donald Trump to step aside Friday after a video surfaced of the Republican nominee making lewd comments.
RELATED LINK: Trump in 2005 video: 'When you're a star' you can grope women
Their campaign manager released the following statement:
“For the good of the country, and to give the Republicans a chance of defeating Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump should step aside. Their defeat at this point seems almost certain and four years of Hillary Clinton is not what is best for this country. Mr. Trump should put the country first and do the right thing.”
In the video from 2005, Trump brags about groping and kissing women he's attracted to.
In a statement shortly after the video's release, Trump dismisses its importance.
“This was locker room banter, a private conversation that took place many years ago," the GOP presidential nominee says. "Bill Clinton has said far worse to me on the golf course — not even close. I apologize if anyone was offended.”
It's not the first time Rep. Coffman (R 6th District) has come out against Trump. In August they released a TV ad promising "to stand up to" Donald Trump if they were elected.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
The State Department on Tuesday admitted that President-elect Trump can kill the Iran deal if they so choose, despite Iran saying there was “no possibility” it could be overturned.
“It's not a formal treaty, and, of course, no one else can prevent any party to this agreement from walking away,” spokesperson Mark Toner told reporters Tuesday. "The counterargument is, why would anyone walk away? Because it's effective.”
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Trump's actions wouldn't affect the country. “He may desire to rip up the deal. Do you suppose we will allow this this?” they said in a speech Tuesday.
Leaders in the country also said extending expiring legislation that levied sanctions on Iran would violate the terms of the deal, but Toner said this isn't true.
“We obviously reject those views,” they said. "We've been very clear that what we call a ‘clean' extension of the Iran Sanctions Act is entirely consistent with our commitments in the [Iran deal].
“And, in any case, Secretary [of State John] Kerry would retain waiver authority and would continue to waive all sanctions, the relevant sanctions authorized by the legislation. And that's what we committed to do in the [Iran Deal] and so we retain that capacity, I guess, is the point.”
Trump has long vowed to renegotiate the deal if they were elected, calling it a disaster as it currently stands.
The problem with Mad Men for Pop Pilgrims is that most of the show's most memorable scenes have been shot on a set in downtown Los Angeles. The production doesn't do a ton of location work, and when it has, it hasn't been for iconic scenes. We thought for some time about where we'd go for Mad Men, and consulted a couple online guides, but nothing grabbed us.
Until the season finale of season six. Again, the season finale of season six, so come back to this episode when you're caught up on Mad Men if you don't want anything spoiled.
The whorehouse where Don grew up appeared several times over the course of the season via flashback—what our Todd VanDerWerff called “Lil' Don in Whorehouse Follies”—but in the season finale, Don takes their kids to the house, showing them for the first time who they really are. The powerful final shot ranks as one of the most striking in the history of a show that has its share of memorable scenes.
Advertisement
It didn't take long for fans to find the house after the finale aired on June 23. It may not have been all that difficult to find, because no other block in Los Angeles resembles that stretch of Carroll Avenue, about 10 minutes from downtown. As the historical markers note, the area has the highest concentration of Victorian houses in Los Angeles—and not just any Victorian houses. Turns out Mad Men was just the most recent production to visit the street, as a person who lives in Don's home wearily told us. Directly next to the Mad Men house is the house from “Thriller,” and down the street is the house from Charmed. It's a famous block, and it doesn't look like anywhere else in Los Angeles.
Viewers wouldn't be able to see the “Thriller” house in Mad Men because it was covered by a CGI housing project. Our guest for this episode, Emmy-winning Mad Men writer Erin Levy, told us they used a green screen to get the reverse shots of Don and the kids' faces as they looked at the house. In the episode, there's a parking lot or something behind them, but in real life, it's another nice Victorian house—not quite the same effect of late-'60s squalor.
Advertisement
The people who live in and own the house haven't been especially excited to find it thrust into the spotlight. One of them told us people come up on the porch and take photos and generally walk around like it's a park, not private property. Other people who own famous houses experience the same problem, as we've seen in Pop Pilgrims. The guy who owned the house from Vertigo didn't mind people coming by, but the people who own Kurt Cobain's old house have everything fenced, gated, and monitored by video cameras. The Let It Be house was reasonably accessible, but the housing project that's the birthplace of hip-hop was a lot trickier.
While we were in Los Angeles, we went by the house that served as the exterior for the Draper residence during the show's first couple seasons. It's located in Pasadena, not far from Doc Brown's house in Back To The Future. It didn't seem to get a lot of traffic, at least while we were there, so maybe the people in the would-be whorehouse can take some solace in that—unless something else happens there next season. Then it may just be out of their hands.
Some of you may have heard of an app called Grindr. It is a social app for gay men that enables them to chat and arrange to meet up. Okay, it may be a bit more than that but once again I must remember my mother reads these things. Anyway, if I was to download it and switch it on now, two things would become apparent very quickly. The first is that a lot of people take really bad photographs which seem to cut off their heads and the second is that the world is divided into those that say ‘chems OK' and those that say ‘No Chems'. Being firmly on the ‘No Chems' side, it is interesting to delve, if only briefly, on the other. Such an opportunity is available as Patrick Cash's play The Chemsex Monologues makes a welcome return to the King's Head Theatre in Islington.
As the title suggests, The Chemsex Monologues are a series of monologues dealing with the subject of chemsex. They basically follow the story of Nameless (Denholm Spurr) one of those beautiful young gay men seen cruising Compton Street.  They are introduced to us by the narrator (Kane Surry) who runs into them at a Vauxhall club. On the surface, Nameless is to paraphrase the saying, young, dumb and full of fun, but underneath, they are a young lad who has probably sailed through life without any real hassles and has found their happiness in London tasting everything that the gay scene has to offer. But there is something missing from their life. They seem to yearn for a real relationship with another person but believes that can only happen with the help of drink, drugs and sex. So, after running into their favourite porn star, the two of them head off to a ‘chillout' session at Old Mother Meph's. Here, they see Fag Hag Cath (Charly Flyte) who is there with their GBF Steve. At another party, Nameless runs into Sexual Health Worker Daniel (Matthew Hodson). As we follow Nameless on their hedonistic journey around London we encounter happiness, joy, despair, betrayal, friendship and tragedy.
This is the second time I have seen The Chemsex Monologues and I have to say it really stands up to a second viewing. In fact, my entire interpretation of the story has changed completely on a second viewing, as have my thoughts about the various characters. Just as in real life, how the audience interacts with the characters will depend on a lot of factors that are outside of the control of the writer and Director Luke Davies. However, the important thing I think is that no matter who you are, you will get something out of the superb writing of Patrick Cash and the characters they have created. There is a real sense of realism about each of them that makes them more than just actors telling a story. The five monologues are interweaved together, with an overarching story in the life of Nameless, but are also individual to the speaker enabling the audience to get to know and identify with each of the characters in their own right. The writing manages to tread the fine line between being judgemental and glamourising chemsex superbly.
This is writing of the highest calibre and the production is delivered by a highly talented cast who are well up to the task. My personal favourite, both in performance and character is Matthew Hodson's Daniel. The character resonates with me on a personal level as my reaction to the situations Daniel finds themselves in would be pretty similar. Matthew themselves didn't actually look as if they are acting at any point and I could imagine that had I met them in the bar afterwards, they would have been exactly the same as they were on stage. Least liked character? I'm afraid it was Cath. Well, not so much least liked as one I felt most sorry for. Cath is a deluded individual who has not managed to move on in their life and doesn't really understand that their friend Steve is not the same man they had been. Possibly the saddest and most frustrating scene in the story is the final part of Cath's monologue – I can't say why as we want to avoid spoilers – but when you see it you will understand.
The direction is light touch, and appropriate for each character, so Nameless moves a lot. He's up and down and wanders over the stage as they tell their monologue. The Narrator is less animated in their time, sitting on the chair and talking directly the audience. I'm also going to mention the sound design by Josh Spear which works extremely well to add to the atmosphere of the scene. So when Nameless and the Narrator are outside the Vauxhall club, the music can be heard subtly in the background reminding you of the sweaty mass of hedonists just feet away from the two men.
Summing up then I found The Chemsex Monologues as superb a production the second time around as when I saw it the first time. Whether you have played around with chems or not, this play works on every level with its very human story of people caught up in a world that while alien to many at first will be fully comprehensible when the show finishes. Overall, The Chemsex Monologues is an awesome production that definitely deserves to be seen at least once.
Review by Terry Eastham
A man meets a mysterious stranger on a night out in Vauxhall; a sexy poster-boy gets taken to a chill-out by a porn star; a fag-hag named Cath is pushed to their limits at the party of the century; a sexual health worker struggles with the burden of
community outreach.
The Chemsex Monologues are the untold stories of the men and women adrift in London's chill-out, offering a frank, funny and touching insight into one of the twenty-first centuries most controversial gay subcultures. Originally staged during the King's Head's 2016 Queer Season, the show was selected for a full length, three-week run to mark the fiftieth year since the decriminalisation of homosexuality. It commences the theatre's year-long celebration of this historic milestone.
The Chemsex Monologues
21 March – 9 April I King's Head Theatre
Press night: Thursday 23 March, 7pm
Written by Patrick Cash I Directed by Luke Davies
http://www.kingsheadtheatre.com/
Judges 19:22-30 New International Version (NIV)
22 While they were enjoying themselves, some of the wicked men of the city surrounded the house. Pounding on the door, they shouted to the old man who owned the house, “Bring out the man who came to your house so we can have sex with him.”
23 The owner of the house went outside and said to them, “No, my friends, don't be so vile. Since this man is my guest, don't do this outrageous thing. 24 Look, here is my virgin daughter, and their concubine. I will bring them out to you now, and you can use them and do to them whatever you wish. But as for this man, don't do such an outrageous thing.”
25 But the men would not listen to him. So the man took their concubine and sent them outside to them, and they raped them and abused them throughout the night, and at dawn they let them go. 26 At daybreak the woman went back to the house where their master was staying, fell down at the door and lay there until daylight.
27 When their master got up in the morning and opened the door of the house and stepped out to continue on their way, there lay their concubine, fallen in the doorway of the house, with their hands on the threshold. 28 They said to her, “Get up; let's go.” But there was no answer. Then the man put them on their donkey and set out for home.
29 When they reached home, they took a knife and cut up their concubine, limb by limb, into twelve parts and sent them into all the areas of Israel. 30 Everyone who saw it was saying to one another, “Such a thing has never been seen or done, not since the day the Israelites came up out of Egypt. Just imagine! We must do something! So speak up!”
Now that James Comey is out at the FBI, a growing chorus is suggesting that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal should be reopened. Professor Jacobson said in a recent post:
James Comey now is fired. Loretta Lynch no longer is Attorney General. This seems to open up the possibility of a renewed investigation and potential prosecution.
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch is now making a similar point.
Cheryl K. Chumley writes at the Washington Times:
Hillary Clinton's email scandal — the hit that keeps on coming Once again, Hillary Clinton's email scandal is rocking national news. It truly is the news hit that just keeps on coming, isn't it? From Judicial Watch's Tom Fitton, writing in Breitbart: “We have released 894 pages of State Department documents that include previously unreleased email exchanges in which Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin sent Clinton classified information through their insecure clintonmail.com email account.” Come on now, Mrs. Clinton. Even for you — the queen of political scandals whose past includes everything from curiously large cattle share profits to remarkably insensitive congressional testimonies laced with “who cares” cries about truth — this scandal is long-running. Can we at least get a solid number on how many emails sent and received during your State Department tenure put the country at security risk? That'd be good — even a ballpark figure would work at this point. “The Abedin emails also include repeated instances of Clinton's detailed daily schedules being sent to top Clinton Foundation officials at unsecured email addresses,” Fitton wrote.
Fitton appeared on Tucker Carlson's show last night and expanded on this:
Andrew McCabe, the new Acting Director of the FBI testified on Thursday that Comey's decision not to pursue prosecution of Hillary Clinton didn't sit well with many insiders.
Adam Shaw reports at FOX News:
McCabe says FBI call not to prosecute Clinton angered some agents, defends Comey New Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe acknowledged for the first time in public testimony Thursday that some agents were angry with the 2016 decision not to prosecute Hillary Clinton – while also defending ousted Director James Comey's overall standing at the bureau. “I think morale's always been good, but there were folks within our agency that were frustrated with the outcome of the Hillary Clinton case and some of those folks were very vocal about those concerns,” McCabe testified. McCabe stepped into the role of acting director Wednesday after Trump dismissed Comey, purportedly over their conduct during the 2016 probe into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state. Comey announced at a press conference last July that, despite concluding Clinton had been “extremely careless” in the handling of classified material, they would not recommend prosecution. McCabe's comments at the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing mark the first public recognition from the FBI that some agents were angry at the decision not to prosecute.
Featured image via YouTube.
Over their last six games, Brown has 64 receptions for 868 yards and six touchdowns, and Pittsburgh has scored at least 30 points in each game. At this rate, they will earn strong consideration in the voting for offensive player of the year.
With 116 catches through 14 games, Brown is 28 receptions from breaking the single-season N.F.L. record, set by Marvin Harrison in 2002. Brown is also nearing the single-season record for receiving yards, set by Calvin Johnson in 2012. Brown has 1,586 yards and needs 379 to break the mark. Given Brown's dominant play and the poor pass defenses of Pittsburgh's next two opponents, Baltimore and Cleveland, neither mark is out of reach.
Of course, had Roethlisberger not missed time this year with an injury, Brown would have a much higher chance of breaking those records. In three games started by Michael Vick this season, Brown totaled just 11 catches for 111 yards and no touchdowns; Brown can match those numbers in about three quarters with Roethlisberger.
Brown has been one of the best wide receivers in the N.F.L. for each of the last three years. They had 1,499 receiving yards in 2013 and 1,698 yards last year, and they will almost certainly set a career high this season. They and Jerry Rice are the only players with at least 1,499 receiving yards in three consecutive seasons, and they and Wes Welker are the only players with at least 110 receptions in three straight years.
Given the number of great receivers in the game today, including some players who are flashier than Brown, it is easy to overlook their consistent run of greatness. But observers should not:  They are currently producing at one of the best rates in N.F.L. history.
On Monday night, Al Golden's Hurricanes got a huge commit for the 2016 recruiting class.
2016 QB Jack Allison has committed to Miami #Canes — Peter Ariz (@PeterAriz) June 24, 2014
UPDATE: Here's a tweet from Allison himself:
UPDATE to the update: a #WelcomeToTheU selfie from the coaches
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-partner="tweetdeck"><p><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WelcomeToTheUSelfie?src=hash">#WelcomeToTheUSelfie</a> @ Hecht Athletic Center <a href="http://t.co/D0aGJ3oA0Y">http://t.co/D0aGJ3oA0Y</a></p>— Brennan Carroll (@brennanpcarroll) <a href="https://twitter.com/brennanpcarroll/statuses/481236256936820737">June 24, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
QB Jack Allison (6'5", 200lbs) from Palmetto, FL is a very highly regarded prospect. While only a rising Junior, they already have offers from Miami, Tennessee, and Alabama. Allison is currently ranked the #4 QB nationally in their class by 24/7. They have the frame to add good size, and is already a very nice player.
You need a QB in every recruiting class, and the Canes just got a great one to commit for 2016. You can see their Sophomore year highlights here:
And, as always...
WELCOME TO THE U, JACK!!!!
[[wysiwyg_imageupload:22615:]]
The New York Comic-Con saw DC bring the Batman Vs. Superman costume display exhibit as well as LexCorp as a new teaser was released with the LexCorp free WIFI.
Now it's learned LexCorp is also at this weekend's London Comic-Con.
The official Lex Luthor Twitter account tweeted out: "Look forward to heading across the pond #LexCorp Oct 23-25."
Look forward to heading across the pond #LexCorp Oct 23-25 — Lex Luthor (@alexanderluthor) October 23, 2015
Checking out the London Comic-Con web site reveals a LexCorp operating system will be released with information about LexCorp and Lex Luthor.
Lex/OS is LexCorp's newest product. It will be released in winter 2015.
A description of LexCorp is also given:
LexCorp is the second largest emerging technology corporation in the world. With its change in direction from oil and heavy machinery to tech, it is now one of the leading businesses amongst the FORTUNE 500. However It's not just a mega enterprise, LexCorp is also one of the top three charitable corporations in America. The firm, originally founded by Alexander Luthor Sr., is now run by their son Alexander “Lex” Luthor Jr.
Lex Luthor is described:
Alexander “Lex” Luthor is the head of LexCorp, taking over the company in 2000 after their father's untimely death. While only 31-years-old, Lex has taken to the role of tech mogul in stride.  They are the youngest ever to be named Fortune's business person of the year AND one of the magazine's worlds 50 greatest leaders.
What is the release date for LexCorps O/S:
Lex/OS will be released in winter 2015.
Where is LexCorp located:
LexCorp's Corporate headquarters is located in Metropolis
A live-stream of the event looks to be launching this weekend soon, but is presently offline.
A photo posted by Connor Brennan (@cjamesbrennan) on Oct 24, 2015 at 12:43pm PDT
"Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" has a March 25, 2016 release starring Ben Affleck as Batman, Henry Cavill as Superman, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Amy Adams as Lois Lane, Laurence Fishburne as Perry White, Diane Lane as Martha Kent, Jeremy Irons as Alfred, Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor, Ray Fisher as Cyborg with Callan Mulvey, Holly Hunter as Senator Finch and Tao Okamoto as Mercy Graves. Justice League is to follow directed by Zack Snyder as well.
Synopsis:
Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting humankind in greater danger than it's ever known before.
Batman Vs. Superman Comic-Con Trailer:
national
With yoga guru Baba Ramdev gearing up to hit the market with Patanjali jeans, the community is divided on buying their products over their homophobic views
Illustration/Uday Mohite
Yoga guru Baba Ramdev is all set to launch Patanjali jeans in the market, and the social media has already spewed out a number of jokes on the man's yet-to-come denim debut. A majority of the city's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer (LGBTQ) community isn't too excited with the man in saffron's booming business. The reason: the cult figure has repeatedly said that homophobia is a disease, and on occasions, also went so far ahead as to claim that they can cure it.
Sushant Divgikar, who represented India at the Mr. Gay World 2014, says they love Baba Ramdev's products, (right) Ashok Row Kavi
No, thank you
“I avoid buying their products,” says Ashok Row Kavi, a pioneer of the gay rights movement. Kavi accedes, “His products are fabulous, definitely, but I am not going to buy them because of their homophobic stance. They have a right to sell anything in the market. In fact, I love Indian, swadeshi products of great quality, but they are encouraging hate of the community.”
Love for swadeshi is epitomised by gay prince Manvendra Gohil of Rajpipla (Gujarat), who is dressed in trademark churidar-kurta everywhere. “I love Indian, I wore churidar-kurta even in freezing Chicago for my interview with Oprah Winfrey,” they say. “Even though the Privy Purse has been abolished, we are still the custodians of Indian culture.”
Gohil says, “I do not buy Baba Ramdev's products because I use my own organically-grown ones. But that apart, I don't buy them as a matter of principle too. What if now they claim to have made something to turn the gay straight?”
The prince adds that as a true yogi, Baba Ramdev should accept the truth, which is a part of the eight-fold path of yoga. “He has to accept that homosexuality is natural and normal.”
Gohil recounts that once they went to a Patanjali store in Rajpipla with some American visitors.
“They were intrigued by the products and wanted to buy them. When I told them that this yogi thinks homosexuality is a disease, they were shocked and left without purchasing anything.” They also ask why a yoga guru, “who claims to have left the material world, is talking about sexuality or sex”. “How can you give opinions on a subject you have no knowledge on?” questions Gohil, saying Ramdev should instead sell condoms to promote safe sex.
Seconding the two, gay rights activist Pallav Patankar says, “If they launch jeans, it may go against the Indianness, which is Baba Ramdev's identity. Also, I and many from the community won't buy from a man who denies us our identity.”
‘Discard views, buy stuff'
However, singer-actor-performer Sushant Divgikar, who represented India at the Mr. Gay World 2014, thinks differently. This MA in Industrial Psychology from Mumbai University says, “I use Baba Ramdev's products… I love their shampoo and their toothpaste called Dantkanti.”
When reminded that Ramdev has claimed that they can cure homosexuality, Divgikar laughs and says, “He has cured my bad hair days for sure.”
“One should just discount the nonsense they talk on homosexuality. Discard their views, like you would mine if I talk about something I have no expertise in, like aeronautical engineering, and keep looking gorgeous,” they smile.
The message from a significant section of the community seems simple though: Retail therapy is okay, but no therapies to cure us, please.
A massive graveyard filled with dead Islamic State (ISIS) terrorists was found by Iraqi soldiers in the Fallujah countryside on Tuesday.
According to Iraqi activists, the graveyard was found inside the village of Al-Saqlawiyah, while the Iraqi Armed Forces were combing through the area.
Inside this large graveyard was at least 500 marked graves that held the remains of Islamic State terrorists killed during the battle of Fallujah last year.
Since losing Fallujah in 2016, the Islamic State forces have retreated west towards the Syrian border, where they will likely make their last stand against the Iraqi Army near Al-Qa'im.
In recent days many mass grave were found in Musol and Fallujah.
Recently Iraqi popular forces have discovered another mass grave located northwest of the city of Mosul, Fars news agency reported on Sunday.
As CBS2's Tony Aiello reported, the decision came after complaints from tourists, and concerns from people who rely on tourist dollars.
“It's wrong, it's wrong. It's just — look I, as a progressive who believes in civil liberties and believes in our First Amendment, I understand the legal challenge here. But I don't think that's the end of the discussion,” de Blasio said.
Mayor De Blasio Vows Crackdown On Topless Women In Times Square
The women call themselves “desnudas,” Spanish for “naked,” and pose for photos in exchange for tips.
“The paint is on, but they're still bare,” one mother from Canada said as they scanned photos to delete ones photobombed by the naked women.
And now, the front page of a newspaper shows two police officers posing with the women, CBS2's Dave Carlin reported.
“Police probably shouldn't be taking pictures with them because they should be setting an example,” Mark Nesbitt of London said.
CBS2 demanded answers from NYPD Chief of Department James O'Neill who said the department is investigating and disciplinary action is possible.
As 1010 WINS' Juliet Papa reported, the mayor is planning what they described as an aggressive crackdown.
“This situation is going to change. This is what I'll guarantee you, I'm not going to tolerate it,” said de Blasio. “I'm not satisfied that we have used every tool in our arsenal yet.”
After a total journey of 122 million miles and 25 perfect missions, Endeavour has landed in the dark. They were the youngest in the space shuttle fleet. This is how they arrived home:
As Mark E. Kelly—the commander of the mission—said after being welcomed by Houston's flight control:
It's sad to see their land for the last time, but they really had a great legacy.
Indeed, they were a great ship. When it came out of the assembly line, they incorporated upgrades that no other shuttle had, like a revamped avionics system. Now, after spending 296 days in space, they have finally been grounded.
Advertisement
Thank you for all the fish, Endeavour, and thank you everyone who made this beauty fly through all these years. You will be dearly missed.
Following revelations about Speaker Bronwyn Bishop's misuse of public money, the prime minister warns MPs ‘you cannot get away with exploiting the rules'
The prime minister, Tony Abbott, has indicated that further tightening of the parliamentary entitlements system could be on the cards following revelations about the Speaker of the House, Bronwyn Bishop, and has warned MPs that no one will “get away with exploiting the rules”.
Bishop has been under increasing pressure to resign after it emerged that they have misused public money on several occasions.
Abbott has avoided fronting the media in the past week, but on Friday morning was interviewed on Sydney talkback radio station 2SM, where they issued MPs with a warning.
“I think if there is one lesson that every single politician must have had reinforced by all of this, it is that you cannot get away with exploiting the rules,” the prime minister said. “We have already significantly tightened up the rules. We banned politicians travelling overseas first class, we've heavily limited family travel inside Australia and overseas, we've banned immediate family employment,” they said.
They flagged a further tightening of the rules.
Saying sorry shouldn't be a tactic, Bronwyn Bishop, it should be a feeling Read more
“A lot has happened, let's see what might emerge out of the review that's going on now,” Abbott said.
On Thursday morning, a contrite Bishop apologised for spending more than $5,000 of taxpayers' money to travel between Geelong and Melbourne by helicopter for a Liberal party fundraiser.
They had already vowed to repay the money, and has asked for a wholesale review of historical expenses.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bronywn Bishop should ‘roll over and give a younger person a go', says Clive Palmer – link to video
“She is obviously deeply remorseful,” Abbott said. “This is a very chastened person indeed. The Department of Finance is reviewing all of their expenditures going back 10 years and obviously, if there is anything that is outside the rules it will be repaid instantly with penalties.”
Apart from the $5,000 for chartering a helicopter, Bishop has pledged to pay back money claimed for flights and travel allowances to attend the weddings of Liberal party colleagues Sophie Mirabella in June 2006 and Teresa Gambaro in April 2007.
The Speaker initially defended the decision to claim for the weddings, saying they had off-the-record meetings with anonymous sources concerning their work as chair of the standing committee on families and human services.
They said on Thursday that while they were acting within the guidelines by claiming the money, they acknowledged that it had eroded the public's faith in them
'The Speaker is not resigning': Bronwyn Bishop digs in over expenses scandal Read more
“I'll be paying back all expenses relating to weddings because, while technically in the rules, it just doesn't look right,” they said.
Despite that, they vowed not to stand aside.
“I won't be resigning,” Bishop said.
The opposition leader, Bill Shorten, described Bishop's apology as “too little, too late”.
“The job is more serious than the way Ms Bishop has been treating it,” they told reporters on Friday. “There is a born-to-rule mentality in parts of Mr Abbott's Liberals which show how out of touch they are with the expectation of Australians.”
On Thursday, Guardian Australia revealed that the Speaker had claimed 15 separate trips on the public purse relating to their role as chair of the committee in places and during times when the committee did not have any public hearings on.
A number of senior Liberals, including deputy Liberal leader Julie Bishop, treasurer Joe Hockey and social services minister Scott Morrison, have publicly distanced themselves from the Speaker.
But on Friday, the leader of the House, Christopher Pyne, backed them
“The Bronwyn Bishop issue has been going for several weeks but they have apologised. They have paid back the money. And it is time that we moved on and dealt with the big issues,” Pyne told the Nine network.
Whe asked if they would still be in the chair when parliament resumes on 10 August, Pyne answered “of course they will be”.
“I'm the leader of the House and I'm backing Bronwyn very strongly. The prime minister and I are 100% behind Bronwyn Bishop,” they said. “She is doing a great job as Speaker.”
The immigration minister, Peter Dutton, also threw their support behind Bishop, telling reporters on Friday that they have “served the Australian people well”.
Shadow transport minister Anthony Albanese said it was time for Bishop to step aside.
“An apology that has [been] got out with the crowbar is not taken seriously. What we see is like a very bad movie. This is four weddings and a political funeral,” Albanese told the Nine network. “It is in the government's interests for them to move on.”
An online petition calling on the federal government to remove Bishop as Speaker has attracted more than 84,000 signatures.
Voluntary question would help campus gather better data, officials say
University of Colorado officials are considering asking prospective students to reveal their sexual orientation in an effort to obtain better data on the size of the LGBTQ population on the Boulder campus. ( Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer )
The University of Colorado is considering asking applicants to disclose their sexual orientation when applying to attend the school in order to compile better data on the Boulder campus's LGBTQ population.
CU spokesperson Ryan Huff said the question would be completely voluntary and would not affect a student's chances at admission.
Elmhurst College in Illinois was the first to ask prospective students about their sexual orientation in 2011, and more and more colleges have since added the option to their own applications.
"Other universities have found that asking those questions creates a more welcoming environment, provides better statistical information and helps to ensure an appropriate level of student services," Huff said. "So we've started to have that conversation on whether we want to ask similar questions in an inclusive way."
There is currently no timeline as to when CU might roll out the new applications or what the question itself would look like. Huff said the university also isn't sure yet whether it would use the data for things such as diversity scholarships or anything other than data collection.
CU uses the Common Application, which allows students to apply to any of the hundreds of participating universities with a single form. But Huff said that application still allows for schools to add their own personalized questions.
Advertisement
The university's student news publication, the CU Independent, first reported on the sexual orientation question, and said it would begin appearing on applications next year. But Huff said that's not the case, and that plans "are still in the development phase."
"While no final plans have been made, it's certainly something we are considering," Huff added.
Mardi Moore, the executive director of Out Boulder County, said they are in favor of putting the question on applications.
"It's a great idea," Moore said. "Knowing those numbers helps you plan for the resources you need to serve folks. By knowing the numbers, you can provide adequate services."
Moore said that in addition to funding, data collection is important in addressing other areas of concern.
For instance, they pointed to a survey of Colorado grade school students that added gender identity options to the survey, and, as a result, was able to find that transgender youth were at a higher risk for bullying and self-harm.
"A lack of data affects so many areas," Moore said. "The LGBT community has some issues that need to be addressed that other populations don't have, so it's important to be able to collect that data."
Moore also echoed CU's idea that the question would actually serve to create a more welcoming environment for LGBT students.
"As LGBT folks, we grow up in a world that isn't always welcoming," Moore said. "So something as simple as a business putting up a rainbow flag says, 'You are welcome here.' By asking these questions, you are setting the same kind of reception."
Mitchell Byars: 303-473-1329, byarsm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars
from Nicholas Batzig Category: Articles
As a pastor, I sometimes mistakenly think that those most in need of my prayers in the church are those who have the most noticeable spiritual or physical weaknesses. I would imagine that, if we are honest with ourselves, we have all thought or said at some time or another something along the lines of, “So and so is really going to need a lot of prayer.” On the one hand, it is entirely right that we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters who have more noticeable weaknesses have a great need for our prayers; On the other hand, however, those to whom God has given the most gifts and graces are also greatly in need of our prayers. Contrary to what some might suppose, ministers of the Gospel desperately need the prayers of the saints.
Pastors need the saints' prayers because they are ever the object of the flaming arrows of the evil one. In addition, the world is eager to run them over at any opportunity. As one of my seminary professors so illustratively put it, “Ministers have a bull's eye on their back and footprints up their chest.” Sadly, this is even a reality for pastors within the context of the local church.
With so much opposition and difficulty within and without, pastors constantly need the people of God to be praying for them. The shepherd needs the prayers of the sheep as much as they need their prayers. They also are one of Christ's sheep, and is susceptible to the same weaknesses. While there are many things one could pray for pastors, here are five straightforward Scriptural categories:
1. Pray for their spiritual protection from the world, the flesh and the Devil.
Whether it was Moses' sinful anger leading to their striking of the rock (Num. 20:7-12), David's adultery and murder (2 Sam. 11), or Simon Peter's denial of the Lord (Matt. 26:69-75) and practical denial of justification by faith alone (Gal. 2:11-21), ministers are faced with the reality of the weakness of the flesh, the assaults of the world and the rage of the devil. There have been a plethora of ministers who have fallen into sinful practices in the history of the church and so brought disgrace to the name of Christ. Since Satan has ministers of the gospel (and their families) locked in their sight—and since God's honor is at stake in a heightened sense with any public ministry of the word, members of the church should pray that their pastor and their pastor's family would not fall prey to the world, the flesh, or the Devil.
2. Pray for their deliverance from the physical attacks of the world and the Devil.
While under prison guard in Rome, the apostle Paul encouraged the believers in Philippi to pray for their release when they wrote, “I know that this will turn out for my deliverance through your prayer and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ” (Phil. 1:19). (See also 2 Cor. 1:9-11). When Herod imprisoned Simon Peter we learn that “constant prayer was offered to God for them by the church” (Acts 12:5). After an exodus-like deliverance from prison, Luke tells us that Peter showed up at the home where the disciples were continuing to pray for their deliverance. This is yet another example of the minister being delivered from harm due, in part, to the prayers of the saints.
3. Pray for doors to be opened to them for the spread of the gospel.
In their letter to the Colossians Paul asked the church to be praying “that God would open to us a door for the word, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in chains” (Col. 4:3). The success of the spread of the gospel is dependant in part on the prayers of the people of God. In this way, the church shares in the gospel ministry with the pastor. Though they are not the only one in the body who is called to spread the word, they have a unique calling to “do the work of an evangelist.” The saints help them fulfill this work by praying that the Lord would open doors “for the word, to speak the mystery of Christ.”
4. Pray that they might have boldness and power to preach the gospel.
In addition to praying for open doors for the ministry of the word, the people of God should pray that ministers would have Spirit-wrought boldness. When writing to the church in Ephesus, the apostle Paul asked them to pray for them “that utterance may be given to me, that I may open my mouth boldly to make known the mystery of the gospel” (Eph. 6:19). There is a well-known story of several college students going to visit the Metropolitan Tabernacle in order to hear Charles Spurgeon preach. As the story goes, Spurgeon met them at the door and offered to show them around. At one point they asked if they wanted to see the church's heater plant (boiler room). They took them downstairs where they saw hundreds of people praying for God's blessings on the service and on Spurgeon's preaching. The gathering of the people of God to pray for the ministry of the word is what they called “the heating plant!” Believers can help ministers by praying that they would be given boldness and power in preaching the gospel.
5. Pray that they might have a spirit of wisdom and understanding.
One of the most pressing needs for a minister of the gospel is that they would be given the necessary wisdom to counsel, to know when to confront, to mediate and to discern the particular pastoral needs of a congregation. This is an all-encompassing and a recurring need. The minister is daily faced with particular challenges for which they desperately need the wisdom of Christ. It is said of Jesus that “the Spirit of wisdom and knowledge, and of counsel and might” was upon Him (Is. 11:2). The servants of Christ need that same Spirit. Much harm is done to the church as a whole if the minister does not proceed with the wisdom commensurate to the challenges with which they are faced. Those who benefit from this wisdom can help the minister by calling down this divine blessing from heaven upon him.
Rick Yeatts/Getty Images
Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell was reportedly arrested in their Scottsdale, Arizona, home Saturday night and charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and disorderly conduct after allegedly pointing a gun at a female food delivery driver, per TMZ Sports.
Maxwell remains in police custody.
"We were disappointed to learn of the allegations," the Athletics said in a statement. "We take this situation and ongoing investigation seriously. We are gathering information from the proper authorities and do not have further comment at this time."
Maxwell, 26, hit .237 with three homers and 22 RBI in 76 games for the Athletics this past season. They were the lone MLB player to take a knee during the anthem this season in solidarity with the NFL player protests of police brutality and racial inequality.
Maxwell claimed last week that they were denied service by a waiter while at an Alabama restaurant in their hometown due to their protest, per Jon Becker of the Mercury News.
"I was racially profiled," Maxwell said. "He denied us service at lunch and they had to go get us another waiter to wait on our table. That's where I'm from. And like I said, unless you're subject to it, you won't understand it, you won't feel it. I'm 26 years old. I'm very respectful. I'm very educated. And it still happens to this day. That's why I'm kneeling—stuff like that."
The waiter has denied Maxwell's claims.
More than 380,000 registered Afghan refugees have returned from Pakistan this year, the highest number since 2007, the United Nations said Friday, adding it handed out $135 million in cash assistance in the last three months alone.
Fears of a crackdown on refugees in Pakistan along with a doubling of the UN's cash grant for voluntary returnees to $400 saw a surge over the border after July this year, the UN has said.
"These are unprecedented numbers we did not anticipate. In October alone some 148,000 returned, which is the highest number of returns in one month (sic) since August 2005," Duniya Aslam Khan, a spokesperson for UNHCR, told AFP.
At one point UNHCR was processing an average of 5,500 refugees per day, they added. Estimates suggest that a further half a million unregistered refugees may also have returned this year, though the figure could not be verified by officials.
The returnees face an uncertain future in an Afghanistan still torn apart by decades of war, where a record half a million people were internally displaced by the fighting in 2016, according to UN figures.
The mass migrations are draining local resources, especially in safer urban areas, officials have said.
UNHCR said Friday the voluntary repatriations will be halted from Dec 1 for a routine winter break, resuming in March. The break will also allow the agency time to mobilise additional resources, Khan said.
UNHCR had estimated just 50,000 refugees would return in 2016, based on trends from previous years.
Khan said some 1.34 million registered refugees still reside in Pakistan. A further half a million undocumented refugees are also estimated to still be in the country, making Pakistan one of the largest refugee-hosting nations in the world.
Pakistan has extended a deadline for the refugees to leave its territory from March 2017 to December next year.
Some Afghan refugees have been sheltering in Pakistan for decades, first fleeing over the border after the Soviet invasion of 1979.
Some 4.2 million Afghan refugees have returned to Afghanistan voluntarily under the UNHCR-funded Voluntary Repatriation programme since 2002.
To arrest you the police need reasonable grounds to suspect you're involved in a crime for which your arrest is necessary.
The police have powers to arrest you anywhere and at any time, including on the street, at home or at work.
The rules are different in Scotland.
The police arrest procedure
If you're arrested the police must:
identify themselves as the police
tell you that you're being arrested
tell you what crime they think you've committed
explain why it's necessary to arrest you
explain to you that you're not free to leave
If you're under 18 the police should only arrest you at school if it's unavoidable, and they must inform your headteacher.
The police must also contact your parents, guardian or carer as soon as possible after your arrival at the police station.
Police powers to use reasonable force
If you try to escape or become violent, the police can use ‘reasonable force', for example holding you down so you cannot run off.
You can also be handcuffed.
The police have powers to search you when you're arrested.
Turks Riot in Rotterdam – In 2015 Geert Wilders Told Turks – “You Are No Europeans…Freedom, Democracy, Human Rights – Are Incompatible with Islam”
Guest post by Joe Hoft
Dutch riot police were on hand in Rotterdam last night as rioters carrying Turkish flags rioted in the streets.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan started the mess when they decided to plan events throughout Europe to extend their powers in Turkey's April 16th vote by targeting millions of expatriate voters – including 1.4 million in Germany alone. These plans were cancelled by various countries throughout Europe.
Last week, Mr Erdoğan accused Berlin of “Nazi practices” after a number of their rallies were cancelled, drawing a sharp response from the German government.
Erdoğan also described the Dutch government as “Nazi remnants and fascists”, after events in Rotterdam were cancelled by the Netherlands' government. Erdoğan was hoping to harness the votes of some 400,000 Turks in Holland. After a Turkish family member was blocked from going into Rotterdam, Turks in the city rioted. Eventually the Dutch riot police broke up the riots.
In December 2015, the Netherland's anti-Islam leader of the Freedom Party, Geert Wilders, recorded a video directed at the people of Turkey:
Today I have a message for the Turks. Your government is fooling you into believing that one day you will become a member of the European Union. Well forget it. You are no Europeans and you will never be. An Islamic state like Turkey does not belong in Europe. All the ‘failures' Europe stands for – freedom, democracy, human rights – are incompatible with Islam.
Wilders has stood up to the Islamization of Europe for a long time.
Our cricket correspondent argues that the batsman, all-rounder and No 1 spinner is being harshly treated and that they deserve the chance to forge a career in their own right rather than being used to assist others
"Moeen should be opening the batting in ODI at the expense of Hales, who remains the golden boy of English cricket despite there being precious little evidence of anything glittering."
England begin preparation for their three-Test series against Pakistan with a warm-up match against Pakistan A in Sharjah on Monday and it could be pivotal for the careers of two players, Moeen Ali and Alex Hales.
The two are in competition for the opening berth and this contest, followed by another at the same venue two days later, is likely to have a major bearing on the make-up of England's XI for the next two tours at least.
One of them will be Alastair Cook's eighth opening partner in three years, providing a chance to stake a claim for the role when England go to South Africa.
"We might have to do a short-term option," Cook said. "It might be that Mo opens the batting in this series and doesn't open in South Africa, or Alex takes their chance in the warm-up game and we go with that balance of the side."
The notion that Moeen will open against Pakistan and then be replaced, regardless of how many runs they score, in South Africa is harsh.
Particularly as in recent times, once England have decided upon an opener they tend to get a decent run. Witness Adam Lyth's ever-presence in the Ashes. If only they had been as limpet-like at the crease.
Lyth was afforded seven chances over two series. Before them Nick Compton and Sam Robson played nine and seven Tests respectively over two series.
Anything goes
So if Moeen does well against Pakistan, it would be unfair in the extreme, let alone out of character on the selectors' behalf in the context of the opening berth, to shunt them down the order again. Sadly, where Moeen is concerned anything goes.
Given England's habit of going through opening batsmen like Imelda Marcos does shoes, Moeen could be forgiven for preferring to remain at No 8. They say they are "happy" there. They also say they are "happy" to play anywhere. That's because he's used to it. They generally do play anywhere.
A good series against Pakistan followed by a poor one against South Africa could, unfortunately, be terminal for the Worcestershire man's career. This would be a dark denouement for a player who has been treated poorly since their debut for England in 2014.
Moeen has been mucked about since before a ball was bowled. Touted as an all-rounder, who could bowl a doosra, Mo was immediately under pressure. That was because they aren't an all-rounder. They were a batsman who could bowl a bit.
And so soon as they didn't start spinning out sides - they made their debut against Sri Lanka, those masters of spin - the criticism began. It is to their eternal credit that they have actually become an all-rounder, developing clever variations in flight and pace with their spin and, unsurprisingly, becoming the best No 8 in the world.
But now they have to change again. If they open against Pakistan they will be a specialist batsman. And the role of No 1 spinner will either go to Adil Rashid or Samit Patel.
One can see why they might be a little nervous. Both those players fit the mould perfectly that England selectors have forced Moeen into. They could be squeezed out.
The treatment of Moeen is strange and it has made me uncomfortable for some time. They have now batted at four different position in 16 Tests while they have been similarly shunted around in limited-overs cricket. They were doing a good job as opener in ODIs only to be dropped and returned to lower-order irrelevance. And when they were at No 3 in a T20 this summer - smashing Australia all over the park - back again they went to nursing the tail in the ODI.
Golden Boy
Moeen should be opening the batting in ODI at the expense of Hales, who remains the golden boy of English cricket despite there being precious little evidence of anything glittering
Hales, then, could be on to a very good thing. Moeen will keep their seat warm on the dustbowls of the UAE and vacate for South Africa where the quicker pitches and more 'English' conditions could be to their liking.
It remains to be seen whether Hales has the back-foot game to cope but if they are in possession for South Africa then recent history suggests they will retain their slot ahead of the summer.
It is this column's opinion that Nick Compton should have returned to open the batting with Cook. The Somerset batsman was discarded too early and on something of a whim by the previous regime due to a misunderstanding surrounding an injury. They thought they were a shirker when, in fact, they were genuinely wounded.
Compton's statictics do not make a resounding case. But they did manage two Test centuries and they would be the perfect foil for England's new attacking style.
That England want to go hell for leather does not mean that there is no place for the more studious-styled willowmen like Compton, or indeed Cook. They are perfect openers for a team who want to attack.
Solidity
Solid technique and sound temperament are necessities in Test cricket at the best of times and it is the job of Nos 1 and 2 to see of the seam and swing and soften the ball.
There is nothing revolutionary in picking two solid batsmen to do this. But when you pair it with the attacking flair of the likes of Joe Root and Ben Stokes then you do have something fresh and exciting.
And how about Moeen benefiting from this approach, too? It would be a reward for all their hard work, talent and easy manner in the face of such tinkering that they were given the No 5 slot for good. They have deserved that and it must surely have rankled that Jonny Bairstow was parachuted in ahead of them for the Ashes.
It makes it seem as if Moeen is dispensable. Just read Cook's comments again. Why the hell should Moeen have to be classed as a "short-term option" and why is Hales being talked about as being given a chance to stake their claim in a warm-up and not Moeen?
Instead of England desperately trying to find someone who can do a better job than Moeen - in the many they are capable of - or moving them up and down to accommodate others, it might pay to focus on what they bring to the team and what they can do. If they are settled, assured and knows their role then England might, just might, discover that they have a darn good player on their hands.
Cook's seven opening partners in three years
Joe Root 37.66, one century
Nick Compton 31.93, two centuries
Sam Robson 30.54, one century
Michael Carberry 28.75
Adam Lyth 20.38, one century
Jonathan Trott 19.37
In this three-part roundtable with Spencer Chamberlain (Sleepwave), Jonny Craig (Slaves) and Dave Stephens (We Came As Romans), we explore the state of this vast yet intertwined sphere in which the music we love exists—the scene.
Bringing their unique perspectives from different generations and genres, the three delve into changes we've faced, what sets us apart, how we can better ourselves and what the future looks like.
In part one, they discuss recent changes, primarily focusing on music's reliance on technology.
“I don't think you can do this [now] without using social media, which is crazy,” says Chamberlain, who recalls the days when the movement their music was a part of was highly underground and news of shows was spread by flyer distribution and word-of-mouth alone.
They also delve into where the scene stands as of now—and it's looking pretty promising, but we have a lot to improve.
“Bands like ours are starting to get attention and be in the Billboard 200,” Stephens says. “Just recently Linkin Park took out Of Mice & Men, and the fact that bands like that are starting to notice bands from this genre is definitely a good thing.”
However, Craig and Chamberlain suggest that things are a little oversaturated right now with a lot of bands vying for attention and gaining numbers despite lackluster messages and music. The solution: Pour your heart out and hope that that rises to the top.
“A lot of the bands that are coming out I feel like they have a lot of passion and a lot of heart,' says Craig. “We put a lot of things into our music, and I feel like hopefully that stuff can start to overtake some of the stuff that doesn't really please me out there as much.”
“The scene's in a weird state right now, but I think it's going to come back around,” Chamberlain concludes.
Videography: Bobby Makar
Interview: Cassie Whitt
David Letterman onstage during the 32nd annual Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony Show in New York City in April. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
These guys just can't stay away.
Netflix announced on Tuesday that David Letterman will return to television next year with a six-part series for the streaming giant, marking their first TV-hosting gig since leaving CBS's “The Late Show” in 2015. Each hour-long episode will include a “long-form” interview with a “singular guest,” according to a release, and the comedian will step away from the studio for “in-the-field” segments as well.
“David Letterman is a true television icon, and I can't wait to see them out in the wild, out from behind the desk and interviewing the people they find most interesting,” said Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer, in the release. “We'll have to see if they keep the beard.”
Letterman is the latest in a string of former talk show hosts to find their way back to television. Jay Leno's CNBC Web series “Jay Leno's Garage” delves into their love of cars and motorcycles. HBO announced last month that it will premiere a new Jon Stewart stand-up special, after initially developing their animated shorts project, which was eventually canceled.
[Jon Stewart joins a growing list of comics releasing their first stand-up specials in decades]
Letterman was the longest-running late-night host in television history, spending 11 years on NBC's “Late Night” and 22 on “The Late Show,” which, together, totaled 6,028 episodes. After announcing their departure from the CBS series, Letterman told the New York Times in April 2015 that a return to television would depend “on the number of bridges I've burned.”
“I don't know how long this has been going on, but Jane Pauley is now on the CBS ‘Sunday Morning' show,” they said. “Perfect fit. So I thought, by God, good for Jane. That's a lovely thing for them to have now. So maybe one day, something of that level will happen to me.”
Netflix has cornered the comedy market as of late, drawing big names such as Louis C.K., Dave Chappelle and Sarah Silverman. Though many of those deals have resulted in stand-up specials — the platform now releases, on average, one each week — longer series have been picked up as well. According to Deadline, Jerry Seinfeld inked a massive deal with Netflix earlier this year to stream their Emmy-nominated Web series “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee,” produce two stand-up specials and develop both scripted and non-scripted programming.
Streaming services have experimented with talk shows before. The second season of Netflix's “Chelsea,” hosted by Chelsea Handler, and the first of “Bill Nye Saves the World,” helmed by the beloved Science Guy, both premiered in April and feature celebrity guests. Hulu announced in late March that it had picked up Silverman's political comedy show “I Love You, America,” according to Variety. Similar to Letterman's project, it will consist of studio and field interviews.
“I feel excited and lucky to be working on this project for Netflix,” Letterman said in the release. “Here's what I have learned: If you retire to spend more time with your family, check with your family first. Thanks for watching, drive safely.”
This post has been updated.
Image Credit: Emil Lenc Radio Images
Most of the radio data in Radio Galaxy Zoo comes from the Faint Images of the Radio Sky at Twenty-Centimeters (FIRST), a deep survey which covers more than 10,000 square degrees. This is about one quarter of the entire sky! The data were taken with the Very Large Array (VLA), a 27-dish telescope in New Mexico, USA (and made famous in the film Contact). The images were taken between 1993 and 2011. About 175,000 total images in Radio Galaxy Zoo come from FIRST; you're helping us match these jets to their host galaxies by using images from the infrared WISE satellite. →
Additional radio data comes from the Australia Telescope Large Area Survey (ATLAS), a deep radio survey of six square degrees of the sky (about 30 times the size of the full Moon). This field contains about 6000 sources. The data were taken with the Australia Telescope Compact Array (ATCA) in rural New South Wales. The images were taken between 2006 and 2011. With only 6000 sources, we can simultaneously have experts examine these sources by eye AND compare them to results from Radio Galaxy Zoo volunteers. We'll combine these to develop and refine our techniques for the upcoming, larger Evolutionary Map of the Universe (EMU) and MeerKAT-MIGHTEE surveys.
EMU and MIGHTEE will be performed with the newly constructed Australian SKA Pathfinder (ASKAP) telescope in Western Australia and the MeerKAT telescope in South Africa. They will discover about 100 million radio sources, increasing our knowledge of the radio sky by almost a factor of 50! Even more importantly, they will probe far more deeply than other telescopes, giving us millions of examples of types of galaxies of which only a few hundred are currently known.
The VLA is operated by NRAO in the United States. Both ATCA and ASKAP are operated by CSIRO in Australia. MeerKAT is operated by SKA South Africa.
Advertisements
With football clubs preparing their merchandise for Christmas sales, The Watford Gazette can today confirm it has received a draft version of the club's official 2018 calendar, which only contains pictures of Sebastian Prödl. A spokesperson for the club explained the decision: “We wanted the calendar to feature players that will be with the club for the duration of 2018. There's nothing more awkward than starting a new month with a player who has since left. I've been looking wistfully at Behrami since October 1st”. When asked why they decided on Prödl the spokesperson responded: “We obviously want to sell as many as possible, so Sebastian was the obvious choice. The big shoulders, the man-bun, the chiseled jaw. He's got it all”. The calendar features seasonal images for each month, such as posing half-naked as Cupid for February, assisting a distressed ewe during lambing season in March, hunting for chocolate eggs in April whilst dressed as the Easter Bunny, enjoying a festival in August with a refreshing can of non-alcoholic beer, dressing up as Count Dracula for October and unwrapping presents under a neatly decorated Christmas tree whilst wearing an over the top knitted jumper in December. The Watford gazette is led to believe that the club will also be producing a 365 day desk calendar, featuring daily motivational quotes from Heurelho Gomes.
@WatfordGazette
UPDATE 10/31/2014: Since the name of the game has changed to Stars Beyond Reach, and the logo has changed, I've come back and updated this post to reflect that. Everything else was already accurate, so there was no point having any confusion. The old name was Spectral Empire.
Stars Beyond Reach is our upcoming 4X title, which is slated for release in April 2015. This is something that we're working on in tandem with the current expansions for AI War and The Last Federation, as well as the general ongoing work on those two games, and the linux ports of all our other titles. Whew, busy times!
Anyway, there are a few things that I wanted to share today about it, just as an early teaser.
The Last Federation And AI War Are In The Same Universe
This hasn't really been stated outright before, but I view these two games as being in two different galaxies in the same universe. The Last Federation takes place in just a single solar system somewhere out in the cosmos, while AI War: Fleet Command takes place in a portion of our own galaxy, connected by wormhole networks. Nowhere in either game is the other referenced, and that makes perfect sense because they are nowhere near one another.
But what a lot of people — even sci-fi enthusiasts — really don't think about very hard is just how HUGE the universe is. You could claim that every sci-fi work ever written by anyone was all in the same universe, and it would still be a pretty empty universe if that was all that was going on. (Lots of parallel Earths in that case, too).
Anyway, the relative timelines of AI War and TLF are not made clear, and I don't intend to clarify that here. However, suffice it to say that Stars Beyond Reach takes place far into the future from the timelines of both games… and it brings them together, at least a little.
The Planet Of Ivoria
Ivoria is a large planet somewhere far away from both the normal stomping grounds of AI War and TLF, and as noted the events of this game take place also far into the future from either of those other games. However… mysteriously there is a rather unlikely gathering of races on this planet. Races from both games, plus all new races, all make an appearance on this one large planet. What exactly is the story behind that? Well, that's something you'll be able to piece together from the story as you play, and I'm not about to spoil that here.
Unraveling The Story
Before you ask, the game is not going to have a traditional scripted campaign like Age of Empires or similar does — that's not where the story is. The way that a game plays out in SBR will be the same as in AI War or TLF, where it's all procedurally generated. You won't always get all the bits of the story in a given playthrough, but you will pick up clues as to what is going on depending on how you play. I really don't want to say more about it than that at this time, for fear of spoilers, but suffice it to say that one thing that encourages multiple playstyles is how the game reacts to you and what you learn about the world when you do.
The Included Races From The Last Federation
For anyone who has played TLF, the above races are familiar, and you can skip ahead to the next section. You already know these guys, and they work as they do in TLF. You will notice that the Hydrals and the Obscura are not included in Stars Beyond Reach, and there are a couple of reasons for that.
With the Hydrals, TLF is really all about them, and I felt it was appropriate to keep them to that story. For another, based on story events in TLF, it doesn't really make sense that they would be plentiful in the far future, if you catch my drift.
With the Obscura, those are a really cool race and one that I just feel like makes the most sense as kind of Borg-like presence in TLF's upcoming expansion, and that gets undermined if they are just a basic race in Stars Beyond Reach as well.
Another thing that you'll notice is that with the groupings and labels that I have above, I have massively oversimplified what the races are actually like. But the very quick rundown:
Andors are robotic goody-two-shoes. They aren't above a fight, but they aren't belligerent at all, and they tend to build utopias for themselves and then want to help everyone else. They are the solar system's “busybodies,” as well.” In TLF, these are often grouped with the Peltians and Skylaxians as the “good guy” races.
Acutians are robotic capitalists, and are known for being cold and calculating as well as huge polluters. They aren't evil, per se, they are just completely amoral. In TLF, these are often grouped with the Burlusts and the Thoraxians as the “bad guy” races.
Burlusts are kind of like Klingons on crack. With chicken legs, lots of warlords, and National Murder Day is definitely a favorite holiday.
Thoraxians are a hivemind insectoid race, with lots of workers that are part of the networked consciousness of their queen. The queens are a bit worse than amoral, really; they don't really value life at all, and they are both moody and selfish. Their race is the absolute terror in terms of ground combat. They are kind of a cross between the Buggers in Ender's Game and the aliens in Alien.
Peltians are communist barn owl farmers. They are pathetic in a fight, not technologically astute, but really easygoing. So at least they have that going for them, I guess. They are kind of the Ewoks of the solar system. Although, I will say, in spaceships they are just as deadly as anyone else. And since they are so pathetic in ground combat, they instead take to suicide bombing with their (for some reason manned) personnel pods, and they delight in bombing the heck out of planets from orbit. Not that they'll be able to do any of that in Stars Beyond Reach, since SBR takes place entirely on the surface of Ivoria.
Skylaxians are extremely honorable, and also by far the most technologically advanced of the TLF races. They aren't above warfare, but they do have a keen sense of the value of life.
Boarines are kind of a cross between werewolves and the snow beast from The Empire Strikes Back. They live in very cold climates, get into big fights with one another if they live in too close of proximity to one another, and in general are isolationist. It will be interesting to see how they have adapted to more cramped life on Ivoria, yes? These and the Evucks are basically the kind of “neutral” races in TLF, really.
Evucks are technologically advanced, and in some ways they are wise, but they are also incredibly paranoid. They also have an “if we're going down, we're taking everyone else with us” attitude. Not great friends.
The Included Races From AI War: Fleet Command
The first thing that AI War players will notice is that neither the humans nor the AI are included here. Why is that? Well, those two factions are just so central to AI War, and so heavily explored there, that they don't make sense to bring to SBR. Plus, humans as a race are just so… vanilla to me, when it comes to sci-fi. I wanted to stick to the more interesting races.
The first three expansions for AI War each explored one of the races above (The Zenith Remnant, Children of Neinzul, and Light of the Spire). Even so, despite the bits of backstory you get from those, and the sense of them you get from their technology, the races themselves are never really someone you get to know on a more personal level. That changes in SBR.
Zenith is an ancient dead race in AI War, and thus only one that you ever find the remnants of their derelict technology. But what technology you do find in AI War is extremely powerful, and can be repaired by either the humans or the AI into terrifying war machines. Of course, just because the Zenith are completely absent in our galaxy doesn't mean that the entire race is dead, which is just the assumption that the humans made. Turns out there was at least one contingent that survived…
Neinzul are extremely short-lived (like fruit fly lifespans — an earth day or so per individual), and very swarm-like. They aren't a hivemind or anything like that, but they do share collective knowledge telepathically with one another. It's the only way that a race that short-lived could ever actually accomplish anything as a society, right? This is basically all you learn about these guys in AI War, but there is more to find out in SBR…
Spire are another very powerful race, but not extinct like the Zenith supposedly were. The weaponry of the Spire varies from the small to the most-massive-ever, and everything they have is glowing white and very mysterious. You never really meet them, per se — not in the flesh, anyway — in AI War. Except… turns out that you were meeting them all along, and until now (right now) it was never known. The “spacecraft” themselves are actually the Spire organisms, which are kind of cyborg-ish in nature. How do this sort of beings adapts to living on a planet's surface? Well, in their distant past they once lived on planets, so it's not new to them…
New Races Unique To Stars Beyond Reach
You didn't think that we would have a new game without any new races, did you? As fun as it is to pull in the races from AI War and TLF, there also needs to be some new blood. Granted, the majority of the races (11 out of 14) do indeed come from our older games, but a big reason for that was that we already had a deep roster of interesting races that our fans are familiar with.
Coming up with some new variant of race that is Burlust-like, rather than just using the Burlusts, both keeps the races shallower and more confusing when you are moving from game to game. I felt that it was a lot more sensible to do a mixture of new and old, deepening the old stuff in cool ways as well as making it so that when you encounter the Burlusts for the first time in this game, you know what to expect immediately if you already played TLF. It's basically the reason that Star Wars and Star Trek keep using the same core races while slowly extending them, rather than having completely new mixes of races in every story.
Anyhow, the new folks:
Fenyn are nature-lovers that basically put the Peltians to shame on that score. It's true that the Peltians are agrarian and thus very sensitive to the environment, but they are cultivators whereas the Fenyn are more about preservation. Not that they don't build giant cities and technology like anyone else, but preserving vast tracts of wilderness is equally important to them. Despite their “tree hugger” nature, and their waif-like appearance, they are both beautiful and extremely deadly.
Krolin are crustacean-like bipedal creatures with lobster-style claws and very intricate hard shell organic armor. They are excellent fighters, and absolutely ruthless in a fight, but they are mostly dispassionate. They are extremely fascist, however, so there is that. Authority and order matters a lot to them, but the actual individuals in their society have varying degrees of opinion about all that, and there are outlaws among them.
Yali are very spiritual and meditative, and believe that they alone are “enlightened.” They don't bear any ill will toward anyone else, but they are quite intent on spreading enlightenment. Via words if they can, but when words fail they are willing to sacrifice peace and lives in the sake of the protection of wisdom. Wisdom, in their view, is similar to but separate from knowledge, and thus they are by no means a super-technologically-advanced race. And yes, those are snakes on the ends of their six arms. Along with the head of a snake, adorned with ram's horns.
The Specter
There is one other presence on Ivoria, but I won't say much about him/it at the moment. It has a masculine voice, and all of the races are aware of it, and they each have their own name for it. It is never seen, but makes its will known in a variety of ways. It is not a faction like the others. The nature of this presence is one of the core mysteries of the story of the game. It's also where the voice acting comes in for this one.
Thanks for reading!
Desert pupfish in hot water / Only 42 left: Creature whose plight led to the Endangered Species Act is on the brink -- researchers don't know why
PUPFISH_0317_KW.JPG Volunteer science diver, Zane Marshall is an unusual sight walking across the desert in full SCUBA gear as they head for Devil's Hole when scientists and National Park certified divers do the annual count of the Devil's Hole desert pupfish in the Mojave Desert at Ash Meadows of the Amargosa Valley just west of Pahrump, Nevada is in the largest oasis in the desert on April 14, 2007. The Devil's Hole pupfish are the most endangered of the desert pupfish and the unofficial count at the end of the day was 38. Kat Wade/The Chronicle Zane Marshall (CQ, subject) fewer PUPFISH_0317_KW.JPG Volunteer science diver, Zane Marshall is an unusual sight walking across the desert in full SCUBA gear as they head for Devil's Hole when scientists and National Park certified divers do ... more Photo: Kat Wade Photo: Kat Wade Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Desert pupfish in hot water / Only 42 left: Creature whose plight led to the Endangered Species Act is on the brink -- researchers don't know why 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
2007-05-27 04:00:00 PDT Death Valley National Park -- The last place anyone would expect to find fish is Devil's Hole, a chasm in the middle of the Mojave Desert where a 100-degree day is mild and the only thing bigger than the rocky expanse of desert is the sky above it.
But nature is nothing if not amazing -- as good an explanation as any of how the Devil's Hole pupfish has survived in the bottomless geothermal pool that gave the fish its name. It is tiny, just an inch long, yet few species loom so large in the history of American environmentalism.
The Devil's Hole pupfish is one of the rarest animals in the world. The seemingly endless effort to save it laid the foundation for the Endangered Species Act and shaped Western water policy a generation ago with a landmark Supreme Court ruling.
But after 20,000 years in the desert, the fish teeters on the edge of extinction. No more than 42 remain in Devil's Hole.
The Devil's Hole pupfish has been the beneficiary of one of the most aggressive campaigns ever to preserve a species, an effort every bit as intense as those to save the bald eagle and California condor. The Endangered Species Act requires nothing less. But saving the pupfish is more than a legal obligation for the biologists and bureaucrats involved.
It's a moral one.
"This fish is the species that made us take note of our need for conservation," said Mike Bower, a National Park Service fish biologist. "It made us realize that our actions have an impact beyond us. We have a responsibility to look after this fish."
No one knows why they are vanishing. No one knows what it might say about the health of the desert. And no one knows whether they can be saved.
More than the loss of a species is at stake at Devil's Hole. A deeper question has been posed in the desert outside Las Vegas, where scientists have spent the better part of 60 years trying to keep the pupfish alive: Should we even bother? Or are we only delaying the inevitable?
Devil's Hole is just that -- a hole on the side of a hill overlooking an oasis called Ash Meadows. It's about the size of a mineshaft and looks about as interesting.
But beneath the surface lies a limestone labyrinth filled with crystal-clear water that fell as rain eons ago. A diver once descended to 450 feet, and researchers once sent a camera 100 feet beyond that. It keeps going from there. How far is anyone's guess.
Yet the pupfish spend most of their time foraging and spawning on a rock shelf just below the surface of the water. They live in almost complete isolation in alkaline, 93-degree water that contains very little oxygen. They feed on algae, snails and other tiny invertebrates in what is one of the world's smallest ecosystems.
The Devil's Hole pupfish is the oldest of the seven pupfish species -- each named for where it's found -- remaining in Death Valley, but no one knew it was there until the 1890s. Forty years passed before biologist Joseph Wales realized it was a unique species related to, but different from, the others.
Devil's Hole pupfish have larger heads and slimmer bodies than their cousins in Ash Meadows and elsewhere, and they lack the pelvic fins and stripes the others have. Males are bright blue. Females are a yellowish shade of brown. They dart about like puppies, hence the name, and if any fish can be said to have a personality, it's the pupfish.
"It's the best example of charismatic microfauna," said Jim Deacon, a retired University of Nevada at Las Vegas biology professor who has spent more than 40 years studying the animal. "It's so darn cute. It's a beautiful fish."
There have never been more than a few hundred pupfish in Devil's Hole, or a time when scientists didn't fear losing them.
The campaign to save the fish began in the 1940s when two biologists suggested making Devil's Hole a part of Death Valley National Park. President Harry Truman did just that in 1952. A locked fence was erected about a decade later after two teenage divers got lost in the labyrinth and drowned. Their bodies were never found.
As Nevada grew and demand for water mounted, so did concern for the pupfish. It was among the first species protected by the Endangered Species Protection Act of 1966.
Concern turned to panic in the late 1960s when a landowner started pumping water from the aquifer that feeds Devil's Hole. The water level dropped precipitously, threatening to expose the rock shelf essential to the survival of the pupfish.
As the water level fell, so did the number of pupfish. By 1972, only 124 remained.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service moved a handful to a tank near Hoover Dam to prevent losing the species entirely. Conservationists sued to stop pumping from the aquifer.
President Richard Nixon signed the Endangered Species Act of 1973, expanding the protection of listed species to include "the ecosystems upon which they depend." And the government created a task force to save the pupfish.
In 1976, the Supreme Court unanimously sided with conservationists -- and validated the Endangered Species Act -- when it ruled that water could be drawn from Amargosa Desert Ground Water Basin, but the Devil's Hole pupfish is entitled to the water it needs to survive.
The water level in Devil's Hole, Chief Justice Warren Burger wrote, must not fall more than 2.7 feet below a copper washer -- since replaced by an ordinary bolt -- the government had affixed to the cave wall in 1962.
The rock shelf has remained submerged beneath an average of 15.7 inches of water ever since.
"The pupfish is largely responsible for forcing us in Nevada to use our groundwater responsibly," Deacon said.
The impact was immediate.
As the water level rose, so did the number of pupfish. It averaged 324 through the mid-1990s.
Divers have counted the pupfish, one by one, each spring and fall since 1970. Winters are tough because food is scarce, so there are always more pupfish in autumn. The annual population is an average of the spring and fall counts.
The fall population has topped 500 on a few occasions and hit 582 -- an all-time high -- in 1994.
At long last, it looked like the pupfish might make it.
Then they began to disappear.
It started in 1996. No one worried at first because the decline wasn't statistically significant. But the average population kept falling. 295. 265. 235. When the average population hit 180 in 2001, the biologists got desperate. No one could explain it.
Pupfish have no predators. There was no evidence of an invasion by a nonnative species. No sign the water had been polluted. Nothing to suggest the ecosystem had been degraded in any way. Everyone was stumped.
Experts have a few theories.
Rain washes dirt and gravel onto the rock shelf and seismic activity settles it, creating nooks and crannies that provide shelter for pupfish larvae and harbor the algae pupfish eat. Some believe the infrastructure -- the fence around Devil's Hole, a hydrometer that provides a constant measure of its water level, the platform used to observe the fish -- has somehow altered that process.
Others wonder if the population has grown so small that inbreeding has caused "genetic meltdown" and survival is no longer viable.
And a few experts suggest we might be seeing natural ebb in the development of a species that has evolved over 20,000 years.
"We really don't know how much their numbers fluctuate," said Jon Sjöberg, a biologist with the Nevada Department of Wildlife. "We might be looking at one small part of a big sine wave."
Nature and bad luck have conspired against the biologists.
A flash flood in September 2004 washed research equipment into Devil's Hole, killing 80 pupfish -- one-third of the population at the time. Pupfish living in tanks called refugia proved difficult to breed. Others were inadvertently mixed with their cousins from Ash Meadows, creating a hybrid species.
"It's two steps forward, then one step back, then someone whacks you in the head with a two-by-four," Sjöberg said.
Just 85 pupfish remained in Devil's Hole last fall. To minimize winter mortality, biologists started stocking Devil's Hole with food developed for the endangered silvery minnow.
They think it helped. Researchers counted as many as 42 pupfish during the three dives they made one day last month. That's up from 38 the previous spring.
More encouraging, the divers saw pupfish in a wide range of sizes, indicating there is a good mix of juveniles and adults. And six -- including three born this spring -- held in refugia are doing well.
"We're in a much better position this year than we were last," said Bob Williams of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which has spent about $750,000 on the pupfish effort since January 2006. "I'm optimistic. I think we can make great strides this year."
Pupfish spawn year-round but are busiest in April and May. Biologists expect the population to rise through the summer and hope to see at least 80 pupfish in the fall. Should they reach that number, they'll consider transferring at least eight to refugia to launch another breeding program.
Moving some pupfish eggs to refugia to improve their odds of hatching is another idea under consideration.
The biologists also may try breeding some of the hybrids with captives from Devil's Hole, then breed those offspring with Devil's Hole pupfish and so on for several generations. The idea is they will eventually return to a purebred Devil's Hole pupfish.
The biologists know saving the pupfish is a longshot. But they believe they must try.
It's important, they said, because the pupfish provides a glimpse of how the planet came to be. There are 119 species of pupfish in the world, all of them descendants of a fish that swam 200 million years ago when the continents were one.
As that land mass, called Pangea, broke up, pupfish spread throughout the world. Following the fossil records of those fish back through time offers clues to how the continents formed.
The Devil's Hole pupfish, though, is an enigma. No one knows how it got there. Solving that riddle could provide new insight into the geological history of the American Southwest.
Perhaps more important, the Devil's Hole pupfish might be trying to tell us something about the health of the 20 or so other species of desert fish in California and Nevada. Or it might be warning us of a mounting problem within the desert, or the water that sustains it, that we can't yet see.
Of course, it's possible the decline doesn't mean anything at all.
Nature is nothing if not amazing, but it can be brutal, too. After so many years in one of the least hospitable places a fish could possibly live, perhaps the Devil's Hole pupfish has simply reached the end of the line.
The biologists working to save it doesn't accept that.
"This fish has survived for 20,000 years," said Deacon, the retired professor who's spent half a lifetime studying the pupfish. "Its time hasn't come unless we decide that its time has come."
Online Resources
For more information about the Devil's Hole pupfish, log on to:
www.nps.gov/deva
www.fws.gov/desertcomplex/ashmeadows/
www.nativefish.org/articles/pupfish.php
It's interesting watching the conservatives and right wingers attacking Obama over their assurances that Ebola was unlikely to get into the US on flights.
For instance:
Let's unpack this shall we?
1) The person who has Ebola was asymptomatic on the flight. They aren't feverish, wasn't vomiting, and wasn't showing any symptoms. How do we know that they aren't symptomatic? That's based on the timeline that health officials have established.
Do we keep that person off the flight to the US, which wasn't even a direct flight from the region?
2) How many other diseases have symptoms that mimic those of Ebola. I'll wait. You might have to go through a lot of diseases first - including common cold or the flu (both of which can be spread by the patient even before showing symptoms) , and even malaria and other tropical diseases.
3) A person is only capable of spreading Ebola when the person is symptomatic. That's according to the CDC and WHO, both of which have been studying the disease since it was first identified in 1976 and the ongoing outbreak intensively. They have a list of what to look for, and how to stop the spread of the outbreak - contact tracing is integral to the strategy.
4) It appears that the hospital screwed up - they released them even though they apparently told the intake nurse he'd been in Liberia. That's a huge problem. That failure allowed additional potential and actual exposures.
Those persons are now being monitored for symptoms. That includes family members, who would have been exposed in any event.
5) Shutting down airline travel to the region will have only minimal impacts in the US since there are few direct flights.
The countries tightening their borders over Ebola fears (against expert advice) http://t.co/f7EZ0HQe4h pic.twitter.com/dAti3dR6EF — Adam Taylor (@mradamtaylor) October 2, 2014
Stopping even indirect flights will actually have a net negative effect because vital personnel going in-out of the region, let alone food and supplies, to say nothing of Ebola-related containment equipment, testing gear, and samples for further examination would be delayed or detained indefinitely.
The best way to stop the spread of the disease by air means addressing this at the source. I'm spitballing here, but a quarantine period of 3 weeks before leaving the country might be a good idea - that'd give a chance for authorities to definitively clear someone for travel. The problem, as I've mentioned before is that there are so few doctors in the region and the authorities are stretched so thin that it's tough to get those rules in place.
There's also a real concern about how waste from Ebola isolation treatment here in the US is being disposed of. The CDC and hospitals are working on setting up a protocol for sterilizing the medical wastes, some of which can contain highly infectious bodily fluids. That includes the use of autoclaves and incineration.
As for point (4) above, there's a bit more to evaluate here.
The intake apparently included the patient divulging that they had been in West Africa, but that wasn't passed along to the right people, and they were released without further examination.
“A travel history was taken, but it wasn't communicated to the people who were making the decision. … It was a mistake. They dropped the ball,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. “You don't want to pile on them, but hopefully this will never happen again. … The CDC has been vigorously emphasizing the need for a travel history,” Fauci told CNN's “The Lead with Jake Tapper.” Hospital officials have acknowledged that the patient's travel history wasn't “fully communicated” to doctors, but also said in a statement Wednesday that based on their symptoms, there was no reason to admit them when they first came to the emergency room last Thursday night. “At that time, the patient presented with low-grade fever and abdominal pain. Their condition did not warrant admission. They also are not exhibiting symptoms specific to Ebola,” Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas said.
If it can be shown that the issue was insurance, then the hospital broke federal law - Emergency Medical and Treatment Labor Act (EMTLA). EMTLA, passed way back in 1986, prohibits the denial of care to indigent or uninsured patients based on a lack of ability to pay. Hospitals can't use unnecessary transfers while care is administered, and prevents suspension of care once initiated.
If it can be shown that the hospital basically engaged in patient dumping, then they could be on the hook for some serious liability - civil and criminal.
Still, it is disturbing that the patient notified the nurse he'd been in West Africa, but that didn't raise red flags to any of the doctors in the hospital that this was a potential case warranting further examination.
It also highlights the problems that medical experts across the world have to deal with since the initial symptoms of Ebola are so similar to those of common ailments and this is a disease few people in the world have had direct exposure to - there are more cases in the current outbreak than in all the other outbreaks in the world until this point. Doctors are trained to not look for zebras when identifying a particular ailment - they're looking for the common first and by ruling those out, you are left with the proper diagnosis.
Here, that can have potentially disastrous results, which means proper intake by the doctors is critical and communication with other staff is essential. Persons who identify as having been in West Africa or have come into close contact with someone from West Africa may have to be triaged differently going forward when they come in with these kinds of symptoms.
It's not like this was the first time someone came to a hospital and was identified as being a potential Ebola victim. Dozens of other cases have popped up during the past few months where people were screened for Ebola and kept in isolation until the results came back negative. The CDC has taken at least 90 calls about potential Ebola cases before the Texas case was confirmed as Ebola. That included a patient who was admitted to Mt. Sinai hospital in New York City. Isolation and safety protocols should have been the proper course of action in Texas, but that did not happen.
Everyone is on a very steep learning curve, but that doesn't mean we should freak out - those cases that may still develop here are still going to be a whole lot better off than those in West Africa, where the situation is dire and where there are a handful of doctors for entire countries coping with the disease.
The best strategy for dealing with the outbreak is containing it to its sources in West Africa, and that means spending a lot more on getting those necessary resources to the region.
But as a backup, hospitals around the country have to prepare themselves for potential cases and know to ask the right questions. And then act responsibly and properly by isolating those individuals until they can rule out Ebola as the infection.
RedState gets in on the action:
Barack Obama Bans Flights to Israel, But Not Flights From Ebola Affected Countries: http://t.co/oMHT8rTGIn — RedState (@RedState) October 2, 2014
And this is more from that feed - note the usual suspects from Erick Erickson to Jim Hoft to Twitchy are in on this too.
Man in U.S. with Ebola had been screened to fly, but system is spotty http://t.co/aK18au9Y73 — NYT Science (@nytimesscience) October 2, 2014
So, the Texas patient had been screened to fly, but somehow it was missed that they had helped a person who had Ebola. They had direct physical contact with someone with Ebola, a pregnant woman who was trying to get to a hospital but was refused for lack of space and later died.
That should have raised red flags in Liberia before they ever set foot on a plane.
The people screening in West Africa have to ask the right questions just as surely as those at hospitals doing intake have to do the same.
That means asking all of the following before the person ever boards the plane:
Have you come in contact with someone who was sick in West Africa with any of the following symptoms (provide list as above)?
When did that contact occur (count days)?
Check for actual symptoms (checking temperature is one part)?
If person is not symptomatic, but that person has had direct contact with someone who had any of the symptoms that could be Ebola, the authorities must warn the person not to fly and/or alert facilities at the destination that person may have been infected, but isn't symptomatic. The authorities must insure that the person gets proper medical attention/clearances at destination or have person in quarantine in origination country until they clear the incubation window.
warmly accepted" by the Mayor. Since then they have been working till the small hours determined to cover every small detail see the project through. I first blogged about Chambers in September 2009 , when plans had been initially "" by the Mayor. Since then they have been working till the small hours determined to cover every small detail see the project through.
Ajit Chambers from The Old London Underground Company has been moved a large step closer to re-opening 26 old abandoned Tube stations . Although some newspapers ( The Independent Standard ) have recently reported that Boris has given the go-ahead, the exact details are that Boris has asked Richard Parry (Strategy and Commercial Director for London Underground) and Anthony Browne (the mayor's economics director) to work together to help with the due diligence needed to get the project off the ground.. This will be a thorough investigation on the engineering, health & safety and risks involved in re-opening the stations.I had a long conversation with Ajit on Monday night to find out more about the plans which he's been working full time on over the past two years. Ajit has put together a consortium of companies to work on a ton of items including finance, engineering, marketing, health & safety so that the company is already to built and ready to "" on the day the green light is given to the first site.He knows that this is a major challenge, there are huge hurdles to face, but they said that's what makes it interesting to them and their team. Essentially Chambers' model "The plan allows for each station will have three different types of revenue streams across different market sectors, much like an equity fund - tourism, storage space and entertainment venues (venues will become more than just bars, restaurants & clubs). This will enable cross marketing for very different experiences. Chambers said "".Some of the stations that they are looking at reopening are Down Street, Aldwych, South Kentish Town, Brompton Road and York Road. I asked whether they felt it would be easier getting backing for some rather than others. Chambers said that this was up to the businesses providing the finance. They said "I asked whether there were any examples of closed subway systems outside of London opening. They said. "."Always enthusiastic, as I know there's a huge amount of interest in London right now in exploring mysterious parts of the capital (including the Underground), I asked when they felt the earliest might be for one of the stations to re-opening. "." they said. This was actually much sooner than I thought. "."I had seen comments on the internet questioning whether Chambers actually had a business at all (or that it had gone under). Chambers, an ex-banker, wasn't as offended by me bringing up this issue as I thought he'd be. They felt that at this stage talking about whether they did or didn't have a limited company wasn't really relevant until an investor group was decided on. What was relevant was having the business ready to deliver and they have worked hard to get the consortium of companies in place. They said "".Chambers has had personal meetings with over two hundred companies including the Merlin Group, Visit London, Mott Macdonald, Kingsbridge, Sir-Robert-Mcalpine, Coca-Cola, Vodafone, The Museum of London, Marsh, Morris Visitor Publications, Silverman Sherliker, Crossrail, CBS Outdoor, Wragge, Jaia, Sainsbury's, EDF, and City of London Corporation. They said "". As mentioned above, seeing the sites as tourist attractions is only a third of the equation. He's in final talks with an Austrian company who are keen to make one of the stations into a museum. Their business plan shows a 16 million Euro Return on Investment after year four on site one.Chambers' financial team has calculated a total turnover of £200 million would be created for the economy during the lifecycle of the build of the group of sites and is kicking off an exciting promotion where they will talk at the opening day of Grand Designs LIVE with Kevin McCloud to run a UK wide competition to design the first site.With more long working days ending at 5am, Ajit is working on a laptop that has already had its screen and hard drive replaced once, the keyboard twice, the mother board and the graphics card twice through pure working hours on the project.Chambers is making contacts on an hourly basis with businesspeople, designers and individuals with the ability and the will to build what could be a fabulous group of venues. They said "."With dogged determination to see this through and the excellent guidance of Richard Parry and Anthony Browne, they are edging ever closer to the end goal. As Ajit says "".I wish them every success with the venture and watch this space, as Ajit has promised to keep us updated with developments.
Dear Fellows,
today I will share an insight into my trading techniques as there has been overwhelming interest during last week. Lets start with the obvious:
My trading strategy is the result of five years trial-and-error. In the course of my short trading career I have made almost every mistake possible, and paid a hefty amount for every lesson learned. And that is absolutely necessary in my opinion in order to learn the game. Yes, you can learn by books, by observation or by following other traders idea's. But eventually there is only one thing that makes you a better trader: That is to make your own decisions based on the very best knowledge you have at that time, and to learn from whatever the outcome may be. If you feel fear when you put on a trade, good. It shows that you are entering unchartered territory, and those experiences tend to give the greatest rewards, because whatever the outcome, you will certainly learn something new, which means more experience and profits in the future. Certain lessons are harder to learn than others, but its important you make all the mistakes so you know what to avoid in the future. Everyone holding on a losing position knows the feel. And I am pretty sure we all have been there quite a few times. It is not logical information learning that gives you the edge, but the capability to trade while excluding your emotional response mechanism for the decisions you make. And that is only possible if you have experienced the whole bandwith of emotional reactions to a trade. Fear, greed, mental capitulation, you need those valuable lessons to become solid in the future. Have healthy roots, so you can build your system as a logical consequence of the lessons learned.
I always have been focused on long-term, whatever I do. Hence my trading strategy is a reflection of all things important to me trading longer timeframes. The very most important thing to me is to recognize a Major Trend Reversal (= change from longterm downtrend to longterm uptrend) so early, that…
a) … you have enough time to position, so you can wait for quality entry signals
b) … you have a good probability that prices will never retest your entry price ever again
c) … you can ride the whole trend without the hassle of trading in between (which is IMO number 1 cause for longterm traders making less profit as anticipated)
In this list, b) is the crucial one. I want to enter at a point in the chart where prices will likely never return to, so that at no point I will be holding a losing position. I am willing to accept a single retest of my entry price, but usually not twice. You see the margin for this kind of trade is quite small, thats why I spent a great deal of my trading life to find those spots in the chart. I said before, the reason why I posted so many entries during the last two weeks is not that I am a entry-generating machine, but because almost all daily charts are eager for upside reversals. This means, this is a highly significant situation. If you miss the right entry, this means not that you are not going to make a profit, it just means that the risk is higher for a retest below your entry point, and thus a potential trigger for undesired emotional reactions towards your trade (like closing with a 2% loss although the entry was correct, due to emotional instability). We as traders want to minimize the risk of emotions taking over the rational decision making process.
Which brings us to the question, how to spot a Major Trend Reversal early? The way I work with this is Higher Highs, Higher Lows, which is the basic definition of an uptrend, and Lower Highs, Lower Lows, which is the definition of a downtrend. It really is as simple as that, although many other factors play a role too.
For the purpose of visualization I put an example in the chart above. The first spike is an uptrend by definition: Higher Highs, Higher Lows. However after the peak market changed into downtrend, thus Lower Highs, Lower Lows. So far so good. What you would be looking for is a reversal of this downtrend pattern to spot the reversal early. In this particular example (which is BTC/USD in Mid 2011), the first interruption of this pattern came around September 2011 with the first Higher High after many Lower Highs, Lower Lows. This High here (after the black vertical line) tells me that the market is in the process of reversing, although still far from actually reversing. Thus I still have a lot of time to position myself accordingly. So what is needed for a Major Trend Reversal to be valid?
a) break of a major trendline
b) a first Higher High after long downtrend,
c) followed by the first Higher Low after long downtrend,
d) preferably high volume on buy bars, weak volume on bear bars
e) the confirmation of trend reversal with another Higher High
because this way, we have 1) Higher High, 2) Higher Low, 3) again Higher High, which is the definition of an uptrend. So after the first Higher High has appeared on the chart, few things become obvious:
Prices will now attempt to build a new Low. Question now is: Will it be Higher or Lower than the previous Low? Lower Trading Range, around the last Low, will likely be protected by buyers. Any break above the 1st Higher High (extended green line in the chart) will be seen as the 2nd Higher High, which shows acceleration. At that point we have an official uptrend. Usually we see a spike after the 3rd or 4th Higher High, thus you are in very early and use the spike to push the price far away from your entry.
That means you as a trader have several opportunities how to trade this. You can position early after the first Higher High in the correction that follows. This is what I call an early entry. When we get the 2nd Higher High, it is the confirmation of the trend reversal (as Higher High, Higher Low, Higher High). This is my preferred entry point, although I like to buy in anticipation of that happening. This I call the safe entry. Sure, the early entry is much more profitable, but has more risk associated as we don't have yet the confirmation that the trend really is reversing – could be a trap at this point. Safe entry gives you smaller rewards, but has also less risk. Traps are less likely to occur at this point. Also, the point when the official trend is reversed by definition (at the 2nd HH) is very likely protected by bulls. The goal of the trade in this example is to recognize the trend reversal early, and ride it all the way up. That means technically until we have no Higher Highs, Higher Lows, but a change in trend pattern, i.e. a first Lower Low, or Lower High, which indicates the bull trend is getting weaker and potentially about to reverse to downside. As this is only an introduction it is not important you get everything, I will go more into depth in future post.
So lets play this example through. We did buy the green line, because at this point the official definition of an uptrend is correct. Not that prices never retested this range. From the moment you put on your trade, you never had a losing position.
It is important to see the very big picture. Most traders tend to think that the current range is all there is. Its not, there is much more space above to be explored. So lets zoom forward to check how we did in the longrun.
In this specific example we bought BTC early at $ 7.00 in 2011 at the green line. Waiting two years, making a x38 profit, thats nice. But remember, BTC was so early, barely anyone knew about it. Price discovery therefore was likely slow, and will be much quicker in other charts due to the rising interest in crypto generally.
So lets be clear about this, you have entered a trade at the right time, having not been in risk once, and reap x38 profits by not doing anything at all. But wait, there was more to come wasn't it?
So if you have been patient and sticked to your strategy you would have bought at $ 7.00, and ideally sold at the peak around $1000+. Thats a profit of x155. Getting 155 dollar back for every dollar invested is quite a prime deal. By doing nothing at all really, just finding the right entry and having the patience to follow your plan through. Sure you can trade in the meanwhile to increase the amount of coins you hold (i.e. selling at $250, buying back at below $100 -> 2.5x more coins than before). But this is for experienced traders, the lower the timeframe, the more skills you need to be profitable IMO. That is because: the higher the time frame the more valid and significant the signals will be, while in short time frames good signals often are just traps to push you out of your position.
When you look at the charts provided, it is actually an easy move to make. Most of the time it is way more tricky than it sounds here, but I guess you know that. Three things are of crucial importance if you want to master longterm trading:
Enter a Trend Reversal early, at the right time, with minimum risk Be patient. Let the pattern unfold. How can anyone know the top when the breakout is just beginning? This is pure speculation. The information you need in order to assess if the top is reached will be provided by the chart itself along the way up, if you are conscious. Stick to your plan. Try to master selling the top. What makes a top? How can you recognize one, what are first indicators for a potential reversal to the downside / larger correction? That is an entire topic itself so I will not go into depth at this point, but in the future.
To me this strategy is the perfect symbiosis of experience and my personality as a trader. It is gaining maximum value with the least amount of work as well. And in crypto, there are many charts, many opportunities to let roll in profits. We are still at the very beginning, so positioning early for this large upside Trend Reversal that is unfolding right now (especially LTC & ETC) might be the most important thing you do for your future financial career. If you have any question about any of this, please feel free to send me a msg on Twitter or Telegramm.
More to follow, stay tuned. In the meanwhile, trade consciously. Much success.
CryptoYoda
Advertisements
The Islanders have placed Pierre-Marc Bouchard on waivers, the team announced.If/When Bouchard clears waivers or is claimed, Ryan Strome is expected to join the team in San Jose ( Staple ). Strome cannot be officially called up until Bouchard is claimed or clears.The AHL has announced that Strome is player of the week for the second straight week, only the third time in 20 years that has happened.The odd man out to get Ryan Strome on the roster is Pierre-Marc Bouchard, who will either be claimed by another team or, failing that, will head to Bridgeport. I didn't have them in the prediction pool this morning, so it's a bit of a surprise but Bouchard has been underachieving this year. He's currently tied with the Moulson Index , with a nine points in 28 games.Bouchard is on a one-year deal and has about $1.27 million in salary due, which could keep some teams from trying to claim them as a lot of teams are up against the cap. Strome is due about $550,000 for the rest of the season.Peter Regin seemed like a likely option, and could certainly still go, but the Islanders may be intent on switching them in and out of the lineup with Brock Nelson. To get Nelson and Strome in the lineup at the same time, the Islanders would have had to do more than move Regin. Maybe this is how they decided on PMB. Nelson centered a line with Strome at the end of last season in Bridgeport, although Strome has been at center without Nelson this year.Here's some food for thought about the 2011 draft:
2012 marks 15 years for KRLD Restaurant Week!
Not only is Restaurant Week an awesome deal, but it is a great way to give back to the community.
A three-course dinner will only run you $35 dollars per person with $7 going to either the North Texas Food Bank or the Lena Pope Home…and new this year there is a three-course lunch for only $25 dollars per person with $5 dollars going to one of the two organizations.
I kicked off Restaurant week at lunch today at Central 214. This trendy restaurant is located within Hotel Palomar near the SMU campus. My lunch was amazing!
We were offered a choice of one of four appetizers. I chose the Ceasar Salad.
One of my guests chose the Triple Cooked Fries.
My other guest chose the Dinosaur Kale.
For my main course, I had to try the BBQ Chicken Sandwich….pure heaven.
My two guests had the Hanger Steak Salads.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
I had to remind myself about dessert so that I could save some room. One of my guests and I chose the Ugly Pug Chocolate Cake…I thought it was beautiful.
If you would like to try a cocktail as part of your Restaurant Week experience, Central 214 is offering two: the Graham's Manhattan Jam and the Shiso Passion.
Be sure to check back tomorrow. I'll recap my lunch at Nosh on Oaklawn as KRLD Restaurant Week continues! Make your reservation today!
The Web Development team at the University of Kent is looking for a talented UX Developer.
Full details: http://bit.ly/XMlf4f
Closing date: Sunday 17th February 2013
Interviews: Tuesday 12th and/or Thursday 14th March 2013
Do you enjoy developing beautiful and effective web interfaces? Would you relish the challenge of pushing design boundaries within a corporate university identity, and provide excellent user experiences for potential and current students?
The UX Developer is a new post within the Web Development Team at the University of Kent. It offers you a fantastic chance to play a key role in shaping the user experience of the University's online presence, and the establishment of a framework to ensure on-going brand consistency on the web.
You will be working in an enthusiastic and highly motivated team to design, develop and support key University web systems. You will maintain close relationships with a range of customers and stakeholders across the University to understand their requirements and translate them into attractive, effective, and responsive designs.
The Person
You will have a passion for great design.
You should be familiar with current UX theory and practice – such as responsive design and mobile-first methodology – and have an understanding of how to shape the user experience to meet their needs. A key skill set will be your ability to determine those needs by planning user testing and gathering usage data.
Your key technical skills will include a good working knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3, and tools such as Adobe Photoshop.
The Team
With this role the IS Web Development Team will have 8 people who are responsible for key web systems. They use an agile approach to software development and were nominated for a UK Agile award in 2012.
If you require further information regarding the post or application process please contact Gemma Fussell on g.fussell@kent.ac.uk.
Well, so much for the theory that a gun-friendly president and Congress would shoot down gun sales. The FBI reported background checks for potential gun buyers surged in March and are on track to record one of the biggest year's ever.
Not surprisingly, the stocks of gunmakers American Outdoor Brands (NASDAQ:AOBC) and Sturm, Ruger (NYSE:RGR) have jumped in response. Shares of the parent of the Smith & Wesson brand are 7.5% higher since the report came out at the beginning of the month, while Ruger's stock is up 6%. The apocalypse many analysts thought would befall the firearms industry following the election of Donald Trump as president seems to have been postponed.
Still shooting higher
Gun sales as represented by FBI background checks soared last year to 27.5 million. While not a perfect proxy for gun sales, since someone may buy more than one gun, or be denied, it does tend to track sales closely and is considered a measure of industry demand.
The torrid run-up experienced over the last year and a half was a product of the presidential election. As it seemed apparent Hillary Clinton would win, people purchased firearms ahead of what was seen as the coming of greater gun control. Although no major legislative victories were seen during President Obama's tenure, they were still dubbed the greatest gun salesperson ever because of their rhetoric in favor of stricter controls. Clinton was seen as someone who not only would carry forward that legacy, but might actually succeed in getting legislation enacted.
The upset victory by Trump turned all that on its head. Not only did the firearms industry have a seemingly pro-gun president, but also a Senate and House of Representatives. New gun-control action was largely dead, or would move to the state level.
No gloom and doom
Yet the gunmakers themselves didn't quite see it that way. During their earnings conference calls, American Outdoors' CEO James Debney said rather than an apocalypse, demand was normalizing to historical levels. Ruger's Mike Fifer agreed, saying, "I doubt that the new normal will be materially lower than where we were going before."
And where the industry was heading is ever higher sales. The FBI began collecting background check data in response to the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1993. In 2002, it performed some 8.4 million background investigations, which rose to 12.7 million in 2008 when Obama was first elected, for a 7% annual rate of increase. As noted before, it rose to more than double that number last year, or a 10% yearly increase.
Between 2002 and 2008, American Outdoor's sales rose at a 24% compounded annual rate, while between 2008 and its last fiscal year they rose at a 12% annual rate. Ruger's sales were up 4% and 18%, respectively, over those same time frames.
In short, gun sales have been on the increase regardless of who was president, and it was only the special dynamics of the last election that caused them to spike. While the number of background checks conducted over the first three months of 2017 are running about 12% below last year's breakneck pace, they're still 20% higher than they were in 2015, which was a record year itself.
What that indicates is that gun-control legislation isn't the only factor (or even the main one) a buyer takes into consideration when planning to make a purchase. Instead, it only affects the time of their purchase, causing them to buy one sooner rather than later.
The rise and fall and rise of guns
Now there is something to be said for the promotional environment playing a role in the heady growth currently being enjoyed. Gun manufacturers were shipping firearms to dealers as fast as they could make them last year in anticipation of a different electoral outcome and now the dealers have an excess of inventory on their hands they need to reduce. Ruger's Fifer noted the situation "made for a more challenging sell-through environment."
That happened just a few years ago, where, after the spate of gun buying that followed the mass shooting in Sandy Hook, gun-buying trends largely began to normalize and dealers were left with elevated inventory levels. That led to steep discounts being offered, which spurred gun purchases once more.
There's always an ebb and flow in gun sales, but the cliff analysts were expecting the gunmakers to fall over doesn't appear to be materializing. The stocks of American Outdoor Brands and Sturm, Ruger where sharply beaten down in anticipation, and even though they've gained back some of the value they lost as a result, they still represent underappreciated and undervalued opportunities at these levels.
Kensington Pedestrian Sundays 2015
I've been putting off a write-up of Kensington Pedestrian Sunday (officially abbreviated PSK)for a few years now, simple reason being each time I attend, I'd rather enjoy the sights/sounds/smells/tastes without a camera weighing me down. This past July, I decided that it wouldn't be right for me keep this monthly summer event to myself, and finally showcase some of what Kensington Pedestrian Sundays have to offer.
For the unacquainted, Kensington Market consists of the two small roads just behind Chinatown, just west of Spadina, between College & Dundas. Most prominent are several Latin American restaurants and groceries, a pair of cheese stores, and an eclecticly ethnic mix of restaurants. A few cafes, a few bars, a few boutique stores, and several vintage clothiers make up the rest of the neighbourhood.
The Pedestrian Sunday event runs monthly between May to October (inclusive), on the last Sunday of every month. From noon until 7pm, the streets of Kensington Market are closed to vehicular traffic, giving pedestrians and stores full reign of the ashphalt.
The event is very kid-friendly, with buckets of sidewalk chalk for them to draw with.
This was new, a bucket of soap to make huge oversized balloons with.
Oversized classic boardgames litter the streets, from dominos to Scrabble to Jenga!
This maze on Augusta, near the parkette, is repainted every so often, and is fun to navigate.
The crowd density at Kensington always feels “just right”. The mix of young and old, and never any aggressive or frustrating walls of people, and the lines are always reasonable.
Easily my favourite vendor during PSK, Emporio Latino puts their griddle out onto the sidewalk, serving up fresh everythings with a wonderful welcoming warmnth. Crispy flautas, fresh-formed pupusas, and amazing plantain.
The plantain was mildly sweet, but with perfect firmness and flavour. We added the cheese, but it was definitely not necessary.
The Tibet Cafe had momos (dumplings), both meat and vegetarian. Em saw these, and was reminded of the momos they had in Nepal (in flavour, not in shape). I enjoyed that the skin had a good bite to them, very homemade.
Fresco Fish & Chips have a stall on the sidewalk, featuring some snack-sized bites. I do wish they offered their famous Miss Vickies-battered Salt & Vinegar fried fish, in a smaller snack-sized format, but you could just as easily go in the store and order the full thing.
Fresh buck-a-shucks are available from Hooked, with self-serve lemon wedges, horseradish, and hot sauce.
Rasta Pasta has been building a name for themselves, featuring their unlikely pairing of jerk chicken and pasta.
There's a simple little takoyaki stall on the south end of Augusta, in front of the Fukien Society. I've had them in the past, and they're decent, but nothing rave-worthy.
I normally always grab something fresh off the grill at Emporio Latino's streetside stall, so I decided it was time to venture from the usual plan. I don't remember Good Price putting up a grill/griddle during past PSK, so decided to try them out.
They offered grilled porks on skewers, as well as bean & cheese pupusas.
Their beans & cheese pupusa ($5) was reasonably good, a freshly made disc of masa (corn meal), filled with refried beans & cheese, and cooked crispy on the grill. It wasn't especially spectacular, so with Emporio Latino's equally good (albeit a little bit smaller) pork & cheese pupusas at ~$3, I think I can skip Good Price's next time. The staff also seemed stressed and surly, as opposed to everyone else at PSK.
Aloha Shaved Ice is new to PSK, having started selling only this year. They have a stand in front of the Long Board Living surf shop. They were in Hawaii recently, and fell in love with the idea of shaved ice with fruit toppings, and decided to bring this back to Toronto.
On this blazing hot Sunday, all the folks in line had the right idea. Despite the long wait, I think everyone was satisfied, and felt the end product worth the wait.
Each cup of shaved ice was hand-ground — no instant machines here. Seeing how hard they worked, especially in this heat, made the $5 seem trivial.
They did not skimp on the flavouring/toppings, either. They took care to stop the ice-shaving every so often, and add some flavouring in the middle of the ice, so that the entire cup would be tasty, and not isolated to the top.
We ordered the mango, and were very happy with the result. Their other super popular flavour was the pina colada (which we didn't try), with toasted coconut toppings. Would definitely order the mango again. I don't think they have any plans to do the food/street festival circuit this year, but I would not be surprised to see them making the rounds next year. They also do parties, so definitely something to consider for those summer outdoor corporate events or weddings.
Right outside Portugese restaurant Amadeu, across from Bellevue Square Park, the sardine grill is an iconic institution of PSK (to me, at any rate). Smoke billows from the barbecue, creating wafts of fishiness that you can whiff a half block away.
The sardines are grilled whole, mostly descaled, and seasoned lightly with salt (and maybe some citrus?). Served with a hunk of bread, you'll likely make a mess, unless you bring a pair of chopsticks. Bone-in, stomach-in, be prepared to make a delicious mess.
Galbani Cheese Canada (www.galbani.ca) set up a tent, giving out free samples of caprese salads on a stick, featuring their own bocancini, and a light brushing of pesto. The presentation is very cute, using mini italian flag toothpicks.
While food is typically my primary focus, I can't neglect the amazing performers that play duing PSK. In past years, KC Roberts & The Live Revolution, and Samba Squad have performed here. Another time, a band was jamming on the streets, whiles a vocalist (who they had just met) was rhyming/singing off Dr.Suess books. There have been rooftop performances a la Beatles as well.
On this particular weekend, two blues bands were rocking out, with the crowd spilling out onto the ashphalt.
One musician was performing in support of Amensty International, looking for signatures on petitions.
Local artists flex their talent during the event as well.
The Chalk Lady is always working on something fantastic for PSK. This weekend, they were drawing a very dynamic Silver Surfer, herald of World Eater Galactus.
This portable typewriter caught my eye — poet Kaile Glick (https://thespontaneousprosestore.wordpress.com/) will compose a poem for you on the spot.
Leo Krukowski (leo.krukowski@gmail.com) makes rings using nothing more than old silverware, a mallot, and a steel pipe for bending. Each ring can be made to size, and it's amazing to watch Leo create these beautiful pieces.
Starting in 2014, PSK has also put up a Kensington Art Fair event, with tents set up to showcase pieces from local artists. It's a slighty detour from the rest of the PSK stretch, but makes for a good break from the eating and the crowds.
On Kensington avenue, a slew of shops showcases vibrant vintage wears/wares. Definitely worth walking down this stretch and taking a look, even if vintage isn't your thing.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Researchers have developed mindblowing new video technology that allows a person to transfer their facial expressions on to another person in real-time – and it's already being tested on George W Bush, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Vladimir Putin.
The development, which is as equally impressive as it is disturbing, is the result of a collaboration between researchers from Germany's University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, the Max-Planck Institute for Informatics, and Stanford University in California.
The study, Face2Face: Real-time Face Capture and Reenactment of RGB Videos,
“animates the facial expressions of the target video by a source actor and re-renders the manipulated output video in a photo-realistic fashion,” according to the researchers.
The project works with a webcam and manipulates videos in real-time.
The research team have showcased the technology in a video in which they choose some of the people one may most want to manipulate, if they had the chance.
The technology tracks the facial expressions of both source and target video and addresses details such as teeth by finding the mouth interior that best matches the re-targeted expression and warping it to produce the right fit.
Reenactment is achieved by “fast and efficient deformation transfer” between source and target and the process is completed as the synthesized target's face is re-rendered on top of the corresponding video footage.
Concerns have been raised, however, about how the technology could be applied – and if we will be able to trust what we see.
Transferring facial expressions from live actors to recorded actors. Incredible. Makes the future hard to trust. https://t.co/Vkeglu6OXA — Jason Fried (@jasonfried) March 19, 2016
Ivan Koloff was an underrated perfomer in the squared circle. WWE
Former WWE champion Ivan Koloff has died following a battle with liver cancer. They were 74.
WWE confirmed the news on Saturday via Twitter.
Known as “The Russian Bear,” Koloff (Oreal Perras) was one of the top main-event villains in pro wrestling throughout the 1970 and 1980s. They won arguably the most famous match of the 1970s, pinning the popular WWWF world champion Bruno Sammartino in Madison Square Garden to win the title before a stunned capacity crowd on Jan. 18, 1971. Koloff lost the title to Pedro Morales three weeks later.
While Koloff remained a main-event star, they were so legitimately despised by fans that their hasty departure from the WWWF in March of 1971 was reportedly out of safety fears due to irate fans.
Originally from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, Koloff debuted in 1961, settling on the Irish character of “Red McNulty” early on. They began performing as Russian villain Koloff in 1967 and spent the next three decades wrestling all over the world as a top heel.
In the 1980s, Koloff played a key role in the NWA Mid-Atlantic territory, which was run by promoter Jim Crockett and would eventually become World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In the mid-80s, they teamed with “nephew” Nikita Koloff (Scott Simpson) and Krusher Khruschev (Barry Darsow, the future Demolition Smash) as a three-man Russian team that feuded memorably with the Road Warriors and the Rock ‘n' Roll Express.
Texas mom uncovers massive culture of corruption and sex scandals at US Secret Service
Malia Litman of Dallas TX describes themselves as a stay-at-home mom. Unlike most moms (or dads, or anyone for that matter) they have spent $100,000 suing the U.S. government to turn over 3,900 pages of secret records about widespread sexual abuse and misbehavior by the U.S. Secret Service.
From Dallas News:
When the first Secret Service sex scandals broke a few years ago, they grew curious. A former senior partner at Thompson & Knight law firm in Dallas, they knew that federal law allows us to see government documents. They began filing requests with the U.S. Department Homeland Security to learn of any incidents of agent misbehavior in the Secret Service, any investigations and disciplinary action. I'll skip ahead to the end of their multi-year legal battle that ensued. They won. In the end, they received 3,914 pages, some of them so hot they almost burn the fingers. A culture of "wheels up; rings off" meant even married agents could party on foreign trips.
Secret Service K-9 units brought their dogs into their hotel room, which the dogs trashed. The agents made payoffs so the incident wouldn't be reported.
A agent who missed their flight later showed up drunk with two prostitutes. They were not disciplined.
Agents "engaged" with prostitutes in Amsterdam's red-light district during an advance team trip.
A supervisor choked a female subordinate because they rejected their sexual advances.
A supervisor offered a subordinate a larger office in return for sex.
A supervisor took a subordinate to a sex show while on duty.
A male agent's gun was stolen by a male prostitute they solicited online. The gun was never recovered.
A manager in the National Threat Assessment Center forced employees to drink alcohol in their office "so that they could trust them." The same manager was accused of multiple incidents of sexual harassment.
Litman has had to pay $100,000 for the records out of their own pocket because Senior U.S. District Judge Sam R. Cummings ruled that Litman "has not shown they are entitled to an award because they have not shown that their pursuit of records involves a legitimate public benefit."
The entire article, by Dave Lieber, is worthwhile reading.
Alcoholism hurts. We know what drunks are like because we work with them, or they hit on us in bars, or they just hit us, or a human beer barrel speaks to us at a party and gibberish — the language of marmots, or possibly Sindarin — emerges from their mouth and we are appalled. I don't like bulk drinking; it brings out the malevolence in people. Drunks write a lot about being drunk. When they're sober, they write a lot about having been drunk, and they do go on about it. The question isn't why do writers drink, it's why do drinkers write.
"What's strange is (writers) rarely write about sobriety. It's the same with opioid abuse, about which we know little because people don't slip pills into their mouths in pill bars and talk companionable nonsense all night and then mythologize it in print," writes Heather Mallick. ( New York Times )
What's strange is that they rarely write about sobriety. It's the same with opioid abuse, about which we know little because people don't slip pills into their mouths in pill bars and talk companionable nonsense all night and then mythologize it in print. It's a more private habit. When humans are in pain, they're rightly given opioids. With time and ill luck, they're hooked and then they buy illegally to avoid the new pain of stopping. The revels ended long ago. Canada has been hit hard, with 120 people dying in Alberta last year from taking fentanyl, compared to six deaths in 2011, as the CBC has reported. How does it feel? How can we help? Much as I love misery memoirs, where are the sobriety ones, the stories of the constant fight to stay straight? Chicago journalist Neil Steinberg and editor Sara Bader spent five years assembling Out of the Wreck I Rise: A Literary Companion to Recovery, a tremendous collection of quotes, chunks and little screams from the literature of not being high, drunk, baked, spaced out, unconscious, incontinent, and above all boring. It happily doesn't restrict itself to Americans, nor to drinkers, nor to a style of misery. It takes in all modes, all landscapes.
Article Continued Below
The reason nobody talks about sobriety are that it has no narrative, in the sense that one unmedicated event happens after another, which is just life but with your protective skin removed. “Standing here among the sword ferns my senses seem to be thin glass, so acute at their edges I am afraid I will cut myself simply by touching the silicon edge of a bamboo leaf,” writes the Canadian poet Patrick Lane. “We are disclosing animals, wired for unburdening,” wrote the late Canadian essayist David Rakoff. “It's what we do as a species.” But what is there to unburden about not ingesting pain relief? There is little to say that grabs the smug sober person. “You dream of a laundromat,/ a place to unscrew your skull and toss your dirty/thoughts in a machine, come back an hour later,/ your impulses all folded and clean,” writes the American poet Jeffrey McDaniel. If only. Coming down from opiates is rough, and the psychological pain of naloxone — the drug that will magically save you from death by overdose by blocking the capacity of the drug to give you pleasure — is beyond extreme. As a young user said in The Antidote, an essay by Ian Frazier about a wave of heroin deaths in Staten Island, it won't leave you grateful. “All I remember is waking up and feeling so horrible that I thought the people I was with were being mean to me. I didn't thank anybody for saving me — I was only angry and upset that they had made me feel like this. The withdrawal came on immediately and it was very, very painful, like 20 times worse than the worst flu I ever had.”
Donna Tartt's 2013 novel The Goldfinch is as much about opiate use and abuse as it is about social class, art, loneliness, orphans, terrorism and the restoration of antique furniture. Tartt, who was fed opiates as a child and knows the brain-pleasure of it, describes their protagonist coming off drugs. It was unendurable, “a sopping black curtain of horror.”
Article Continued Below
“This was a plunge encompassing sorrow and revulsion far beyond the personal: a sick, drenching nausea at all humanity … even the beautiful ones were like soft fruit about to spoil.” I can't quote further as it's too wretched but how do people find the self-discipline to enter the bleak lowlands of sobriety? They need all the help we can give them, including Steinberg and Bader's fine book. Stopping isn't the key, it's staying that way. I wish we heard more about this. If only we celebrated the beauty of mundanity — the ordinary plodding day — a little more. hmallick@thestar.ca
Americans peacefully protesting the push to construct the Keystone XL pipeline had their activities monitored for nearly two years by the FBI, which, in turn, shared some of the information with the corporation seeking to build the massive piece of oil industry infrastructure, according to documents revealed for the first time on Tuesday.
The documents, released as a result of Freedom of Information Act request filed by the Guardian and Earth Island Journal, show that the FBI's Houston office promised to share with TransCanada “any pertinent intelligence regarding threats” against the company, in conjunction with environmentalists' demonstrations against it.
The paper also noted adds that the investigation by the FBI Houston office “was opened in early 2013, several months after a high-level strategy meeting between the agency and TransCanada.”
The primary target of the surveillance efforts, which lasted from November 2012 until June 2014, was the group Tar Sands Blockade, whose members often practiced peaceful civil disobedience at various KXLconstruction sites.
“Many of these extremists believe the debates over pollution, protection of wildlife, safety, and property rights have been overshadowed by the promise of jobs and cheaper oil prices,” one FBI internal memo reads, noting that “the Keystone pipeline, as part of the oil and natural gas industry, is vital to the security and economy of the United States.”
The documents also showed that federal agents had cultivated at least one source related to activist groups—an informant that the agents described as having “good access and a history of reliable reporting.”
In their pursuit of peaceful activists, the FBI also violated its own internal protocols. Agency guidelines mandate that sensitive investigations, which target journalists or politicians and activists, must be cleared a field office legal counsel and an agent in charge.
In a statement to the Guardian, the FBI admitted it did not seek the necessary approvals before commencing its investigation into the KXL activists. The bureau claimed that once the unapproved investigation was discovered, “corrective action was taken, non-compliance was remedied, and the oversight was properly reported through the FBI's internal oversight mechanism.”
The Houston Office eventually closed its investigation, admitting that it did not find evidence of “extremist activity.” Agents earmarked the investigation for future use, however, creating a file that, according to the Guardian, “was to be used as a repository for future intelligence” on KXL protesters.
THIBODAUX � A California man who says Louisiana�s marijuana laws need to be changed to accommodate medical users like them will get their day in court next March.
Matthew Zugsberger, 33, is adamant about their desire to make case law in Louisiana that would allow people with serious medical conditions to possess marijuana with a doctor�s prescription.
State Police arrested Zugsberger on June 19, 2008, for allegedly possessing more than two pounds of medical marijuana they say a California doctor prescribed them to fight pain caused by a spinal injury they suffered in 2005 while working as a deep-sea diver.
Zugsberger�s case for possession with intent to distribute marijuana will go to trial March 22, Lafourche Parish District Judge John LeBlanc announced Thursday afternoon.
LeBlanc set the date after rejecting defense attorney Jerri Smitko�s request to have the case thrown out based on evidence that their client had a prescription for their drugs. Smitko, a Houma-based attorney, said they plan to file an appeal with the First Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
Zugsberger previously stated they believed Lafourche District Attorney Cam Morvant II was stalling their case in an attempt to prevent them from making case law. Their view changed following Thursday�s hearing, although they remained confident they would ultimately be found innocent.
�He�s not going to offer me a plea deal or nothing,� Zugsberger said of Morvant. �He�s going to take it straight to trial. He�s making me their top priority.�
While Zugsberger said they believe their case will act as a landmark test for Louisiana�s marijuana laws, Morvant does not share the defendant�s point of view.
�This is not the laws of Louisiana being put on trial,� Morvant said. �This defendant is being put on trial for violating the laws of Louisiana.�
Morvant further explained that Zugsberger�s case was given first priority for the week of March 22-26 because of the length it has spent on the court docket. It has nothing to do with Zugsberger�s prior comments about the District Attorney�s Office stalling, Morvant said.
Thirteen states have medical -marijuana laws. California allows patients to possess a maximum of five pounds.
Louisiana does not. However, Revised Statute 40:1046 mentions the use of marijuana for therapeutic reasons by patients suffering from glaucoma, undergoing chemotherapy or having spastic quadriplegia. Prescriptions must come from a physician licensed in the state and one licensed to prescribe Schedule I substances.
Zugsberger does not have one of the three conditions recognized under state law, nor do they have a prescription licensed by a Louisiana physician.
But Smitko argued passionately Thursday that Zugsberger�s possession of marijuana does fit Louisiana law.
They pointed to a portion of Revised Statute 40:966 that states �it is unlawful for any person knowingly or intentionally to possess a controlled dangerous substance classified in Schedule I unless such substance was obtained directly, or pursuant to a valid prescription or order, from a practitioner.�
Zugsberger did obtain a valid prescription from a practitioner, Smitko said on three separate occasions. The last time drew the ire of Judge LeBlanc, who by that time had already decided against the motion.
Before referring to state law, Smitko offered into evidence a medical-consent form signed by doctor Milan Hopkins and a California-issued card identifying Zugsberger as an authorized medical-marijuana patient. They pointed to the documents as proof Zugsberger meets Louisiana�s standards based on R.S. 40:966.
First Assistant District Attorney Joe Soignet countered that Zugsberger lacks a prescription from a Louisiana doctor, which is required by R.S. 40:1046.
Staff Writer Raymond Legendre can be reached at 448-7617 or raymond.legendre@houmatoday.com. Follow them on Twitter @cometcrime.
Dr. George Delgado, a gynecologist based in San Diego, is probably not likely to win the Nobel Prize in Medicine any time soon — or ever. Delgado's dubious medical claims have been one of the driving forces behind a piece of legislation, Arizona Senate Bill 1318, that pushes what physician and state Rep. Randall Friese calls “fringe medicine.”
Delgado runs a website called Abortion Pill Reversal, offering 24-hour medical advice to women who have taken the abortion drug mifepristone and regret their decision. “There is an effective process for reversing the abortion pill, called ABORTION PILL REVERSAL, so call today!” the website cheers. Most people have probably never heard that a medication abortion — that is, an abortion performed by administering two pills — can be reversed. If this medical breakthrough sounds new, it's because it doesn't exist — at least not within any kind of evidence-based, established medical practice.
So-called abortion reversal is untested for safety or effectiveness.
Unsafe abortions have always been the consequence of the anti-abortion movement. Now unsafe abortion reversals can likely be added to that, thanks to the procedure Delgado has performed and promoted — in spite of scant evidence of its safety and effectiveness. In the two-step process of a medication abortion, a provider first administers a dose of mifepristone and then follows it with a dose of misoprostol. Delgado claims they can intervene in a medication abortion so that the patient's pregnancy can continue. If patients change their minds after the first step, Delgado claims, they can counteract the initial drug with a dose of progesterone.
For published medical literature, Delgado can claim a 2012 article they co-wrote in the Annals of Pharmacotherapy. The article describes six abortion reversal patients, four of whom, they claim, remained pregnant. Though published in a legitimate medical journal, Delgado's findings were from a small sample of patients, none of whom were compared in a controlled study to patients who did not undergo the progesterone treatment. Moreover, not everything that's published in medical journals is well received by the medical community. Dr. David A. Grimes, a physician formerly with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, calls the article “an incompletely documented collection of anecdotes.”
Earlier this year, a systematic review of published findings on abortion reversal was published in Contraception, a top journal in the field. The authors scoured the medical literature to find what, if any, evidence existed to support the safety and effectiveness of the procedure. After searching multiple databases for potentially relevant published findings, they reported that only “one article met our inclusion criteria” for the review — the article that Delgado co-wrote. They noted, though, that the article had numerous shortcomings, including a lack of any reported approval for the experimental procedure by an ethics board or institutional review board. They also questioned the effectiveness of chasing mifepristone with progesterone, noting, “Mifepristone blocks the progesterone receptor with a higher affinity than progesterone itself” — in other words, there might not be a compelling reason to believe that progesterone could effectively counteract the effects of the first pill taken to administer a medication abortion. Even Delgado and their co-author, they noted, recommended “further clinical trials before routine use of their protocol.” They concluded that a requirement for abortion providers to inform patients about abortion reversal “transforms an unproven therapy into law” and inappropriately injects lawmakers into the doctor-patient relationship.
Undeterred by the lack of evidence, Rep. Kelly Townsend, one of the bill's sponsors, included a provision in SB 1318 that requires abortion providers to inform patients about the reversal procedure. In a news release about a legal challenge to the bill, Jodi Liggett, public policy director at Planned Parenthood Arizona, warned, “If this law goes into effect, physicians will be forced to provide patients with information that is not based in science and could put a woman's health and safety at risk.” It should come as no surprise that when the The Arizona Republic decided to fact-check both Liggett's statement and the claims of the bill's proponents, Liggett came out on top. The Republic cited a lack of “controlled studies” and “scientific consensus” to back the bill's proponents.
Giving currency to Delgado's empirically bankrupt ideas is the organization Americans United for Life (AUL), which was influential in getting a similar provision passed in Arkansas. AUL's 2015 model legislation guide includes a recommendation for abortion reversal counseling — a recommendation that was echoed in SB 1318. Thankfully, Delgado's influence on legislation ends there — but not their questionable medical advice. Shortly after SB 1318 was introduced, a Reddit user and self-described employee in the medical field reviewed Delgado's commentary on a radio call-in show called Catholic Answers Pro-Life Open Forum. The advice they give on one episode in particular should be nothing short of shocking. Asked how a married couple should proceed with their intimacy after the husband's blood transfusion infected them with HIV, Delgado replied that marriage is “a total gift of self, you give yourself totally, including your diseases … [ U]sing … condoms is just not acceptable, because it's intrinsically evil, and we never use an intrinsically evil means to achieve a good.”
To top it all off, Delgado is also an opponent of same-sex marriage. A March 26, 2013, report on Fox 5 San Diego quotes Delgado for commentary at a rally against marriage equality: “We're not saying they shouldn't have their relationships. If they want to have those relationships, that's fine but marriage has a special place in society for the protection of children and for the stability of society.”
There you have it. In Delgado's world, marriage should be exclusively between a man and a woman — a woman who is willing to forgo condom use and risk contracting their husband's HIV. Delgado's inability to prioritize patients' safety over their strict interpretation of the Bible reveals that, rather than putting people's health at the forefront, their style of medicine is primarily driven by ideology. Their characterization of condoms as “evil” — even when they are proven to save lives — lends credence to the idea that their promotion of abortion reversal isn't in patients' best interests, either.
The asupervisorstioned legal challenge to SB 1318 was set to go to trial in October. There was just one problem, though. As the website RHRealityCheck reported, attorneys for the State of Arizona couldn't produce a physician or scientist who had the “publication and research background” to qualify as an expert witness in support of the bill. That must have been awkward. A federal judge postponed the hearing and ordered a preliminary injunction against the legislation.
In a piece about Americans United for Life and their push for abortion reversal legislation, The Atlantic noted that AUL “takes no position on other policy measures, like birth control or sex ed, that would likely reduce abortions without making life harder for law-abiding doctors … The group seems better versed legally than medically.”
That's one way of putting it.
ALAN SHATTER has rebuffed calls from independent TDs to delay the referendum on the Fiscal Compact, after calls from independent TDs to defer the vote due to political changes elsewhere in Europe.
The justice minister says the calls – from a subset of six TDs from the Dáil's independent group, joined by Ireland's only non-party MEP Marian Harkin – only come because a delay is the only thing that independent TDs can agree on.
“The Dáil technical group have, for 14 months, maintained a cosy relationship of political ambivalence in which they oppose and criticise everything but favour nothing,” Shatter said this morning.
This could not have been better illustrated than at yesterday's press conference in which those voting either Yes or No in the Treaty Referendum or, alternatively, sitting on the fence, called for the Referendum to be postponed.
Shatter said the TDs' event was not fuelled by concerns about the substance of the treaty itself, and that they were only calling for the delay of the referendum because it was the only common ground that the diverse technical group of TDs had.
The minister said it “cannot be disputed” that access to the ESM would be “essential to pay for basic services” if Ireland found itself unable to return to the bond markets in late 2013 as is currently planned.
“There is no benefit of any nature to be gained by either a No vote or a postponement of the Referendum,” Shatter said, concluding:
Tom Hiddleston likes to eat dessert before lunch. I know this because I've just watched them finish a piece of chocolate cake before diving into a plate of chicken and vegetables. We're sitting in a makeshift room — composed of heavy fabric walls, a couch big enough for two, and a short table that holds their meal and "morning sugar rush," as they call it — inside of a grandiose ballroom in Downtown Los Angeles. Hiddleston's here to promote their latest, Kong: Skull Island, and I'm here to try to uncover a yet-to-be-discovered layer of the man that is Thomas William Hiddleston — beyond their dining preferences.
Because Hiddleston isn't your average actor. Sure — many performers have something unique to offer — but Hiddleston represents something more than their rolodex of impressive performances. They have a ravenous fan-base, recently dated Taylor Swift, could very possibly step into the shoes of James Bond, uses words like "predilection" and "cognoscenti" in casual conversation, and is somehow, despite it all, entirely unfazed. It's an odd cocktail — one that has ignited a maelstrom of media interest, including my own. Because here I sit, a member of the asupervisorstioned press, begging for Hiddleston to drop a seed of wisdom, a charming childhood anecdote, a reference to Swift (yeah, right) or some such pearl that will send readers into a tizzy. But so far all he's done is impressed me with their memory.
Mary Blout/Bustle
Upon entering the shoebox of a room (if I can even call it that), they tilt their head to the side and says, "Have we met before?" And we had, actually — very briefly during a group interview promoting the Hank Williams biopic I Saw The Light nearly a year ago. I tell them as much, and they smile — "yes, that's right," — offering me both a seat on the couch and a slice of chocolate cake.
I politely decline the latter — given my penchant for clumsiness I'd prefer not to interview the British heartthrob with a blouse covered in frosting. They ask me again (Hiddleston is very generous, it seems) and I again, decline. So we settle into the couch and I begin the conversation by relaying a message. Earlier in the day the film's director, Jordan Vogt-Roberts, asked me to tell Hiddleston this: "It's only forever." I assume the sentiment is a reference to the lyrics of David Bowie's "Underground," (as any Hiddlestoner knows, the man loves Bowie) yet the actor assures me it's not.
"The thing about making movies is that you're constrained by time and daylight," they tell me. "When you're assembling the jigsaw puzzle with all its intricate pieces you want every piece to be perfect. We are both perfectionists, and when I would ask for another take because I knew it could be better, they would say, 'I think we got it,' and I would say, 'It's only forever.' It became a kind of comradely slogan that was our call to arms every morning."
Vogt-Roberts elaborates later, telling me: "Tom is really frustrating to be around because he's tall and handsome and knows a lot about everything," the director jokes. "Tom ascribed the right philosophy of 'we're making this forever.' He's a total dream for a director because they give a f*ck. They might care too much at times, but you have no choice but to like completely love him."
Warner Bros.
The simple sentiment, it's only forever, seems to be more than an on-set mantra for Hiddleston. The Englishman is a perfectionist — this we knew — but he's also, in every way, an intentional man. They choose their roles carefully, they determine their words with a sense of responsibility, and they align themselves with people they continue to champion (even if the relationship is no more). "It's only forever," may be, in Hiddlespeak, their own version of YOLO.
"It's such an honor to be making a Kong film. The character has been around for almost 100 years. I wanted to contribute to the legacy in a meaningful way, and knowing that it's forever is a very motivating force to get you out of bed and to do your best."
Hiddleston simply wants to put their best foot forward at all times, and being the best requires dedication, precision, research, and patience. It's part of the reason they took it upon themselves to help craft their Kong character, Captain James Conrad, into something he's proud of.
"Part of the satisfaction I get from the job is cobbling together strands of academic research, ideas I've had while I'm running around the park..." they say. "The character that was presented to me was an adventurer, a tracker, and a hero. They were someone with a previous military history."
Mary Blout/Bustle
With these details in mind, Hiddleston went to work. "I got to build the idea that they were a British SAS, they were a specialist in reconnaissance and the recovery of lost soldiers," they say, rubbing the short stubble around their chin. "I did some research into a jungle warfare school in Malaya with the British Army where they trained soldiers, the SAS — the Special Air Service — who are the most highly trained Special Forces unit of the British Army."
At this point in our conversation I do the unthinkable: I interrupt Tom Hiddleston. You see, I'm in the middle of reading a book titled The Complete SAS Survival Manual, a handbook published by a former member of the SAS, and this seems like too much of a strange coincidence not to mention.
Hiddleston is thrilled to hear of our shared interest, and recommends another book to me — The Tracker by Tom Brown Jr. ("I believe it's something of an American classic.") — but when I ask how he'd fare in their character's uncertain situation, an uncharted jungle in the middle of nowhere, they just laughs.
"I am not like him," they say, full stop. "When I watch documentaries about the indigenous tribes of the Amazon or read stories about the first western explorers of the Amazon base… I'd be dead in a day," they admit. "I mean, OK, I'm getting better."
Warner Bros.
They reference The Tracker, saying: "Tom Brown grew up in the Pine Balms of New Jersey. Their best friend was Native American, and [his friend's] father was a tracker," they say, then describes this outlandish activity Brown would attempt: "They used to call it 'bear smacking.' The tradition was to get close to a wild bear, smack it on its bum, and run away before you got eaten."
At this point I consider interrupting Hiddleston for a second time, not to deliver any personal "bear smacking" anecdotes, but to get our conversation back on track. (Every passing minute is precious, after all.) But, I remind myself that this is Loki I'm talking to, and if the God of Mischief wants to muse upon slapping a bear on the bum, then by God I'm not going to stop him. Luckily, Hiddleston has a point.
"Tom Brown was trained by this tracker in essentially living in complete harmony with nature — surviving off the land, understanding the behavior of wild dogs — I think something about that is appealing," they say. "I'm not very good at that, but I think it's information that 100-200 years ago all of us would have understood more deeply because it would be handed down. Our connection to nature was more alive before people became inhabitants of urban cities."
Hiddleston, who was born in London and attended both Cambridge and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, does not appear, at first glance, to be someone who has spent much time in the often unpredictable outdoors. But that's where I'm wrong.
"I feel like I need to get into nature every day, and I go slightly mad if I don't. I love running in the rain," the 36-year-old admits. "A healthy connection to nature makes us all more human, not less. As a race we are so overdeveloped. We've invented so many new technologies to make our lives easy, but to just recognize on a regular basis that you are flesh and blood, that you are an animal, is a really healthy thing."
Hiddleston sees the importance of constantly connecting with nature, even when he's working. As someone who grew up in the woodsy Pacific Northwest and reads survival manuals in their free time, I appreciate the sentiment.
"I spent a lot of time in Australia last year and on the Gold Coast in Queensland," they say, referencing their time shooting the latest Thor film. "That's part of the pathways that the humpback whales travel through on their way to The Arctic. From the beach I saw these whales breach. It makes you feel so calm because you know that out there, there are things that are bigger, more ancient, more compassionate, more intelligent than us. It's a very cool thing."
As an actor who is exceedingly in-demand, it's heartening to hear Hiddleston speak of things bigger than himself. And as our conversation comes to a close, and after I've packed my bag and vacated our small respite, they call after me. "It's only forever," they say through the cloth wall.
The notion follows me throughout the day. Sure, it sprouted on a film set, but these three words hold a powerful message: Carpe diem, seize the day, live life to it's fullest, etc. Because what you do in this life matters, and Hiddleston knows this; Because people can create real change; Because our time on this planet is limited; Because, let us not forget, it's only forever.
When starting a new character, it can be easy to forget what all of your options are, as there are so many and the list keeps getting longer. All of the class and race options currently available for DnD 5e are listed here, including those covered in Official Unearthed Arcana articles. You can find an appendix of terminology and referenced articles at the end of this document with links to everything.
All Unearthed Arcana material is semi-unofficial and intended for playtesting. Ask your DM before using them.
Race Subraces Reference Notes Aarakocra N/A EE Aasimar Protector, Scourge, Fallen VOLO There is an alternate Aasimar in the DMG (Page 286) Changeling UA Eberron Deep Gnome N/A EE Deep Gnome (Svirfneblin) are presented as a full race in EE and a subrace in SCAG. Their traits are identical. Dragonborn N/A PHB Dwarf Hill, Mountain, Duergar(SCAG) PHB Duergar was added in SCAG Elf High, Wood, Drow, Eladrin(DMG Pg. 286), Eladrin (UA Eladrin&Gith), Avariel, Grugach, Sea, Shadar-kai (UA Elf Subraces) PHB An updated and fleshed out Eladrin subrace was later added in UA Eladrin&Gith. Firbolg N/A VOLO Genasi Air, Earth, Fire, Water EE Gith Githyanki, Githzerai UA Eladrin&Gith Gnome Forest, Rock, Svifneblin(SCAG) PHB Svirfneblin (Deep Gnome) are presented as a subrace in SCAG and a full race in EE. They are identical. Goliath N/A EE, VOLO Both references are identical, VOLO is a reprint of the race Half Elf Wood, Moon/Sun, Drow, Aquatic PHB Subraces listed are variants found in the SCAG Half Orc N/A PHB Halfling Lightfoot, Stout, Ghostwise(SCAG) PHB Human Variant Human(PHB) PHB Kenku N/A VOLO Lizardfolk N/A VOLO Minotaur N/A UA Waterborne Shifter Beasthide, Cliffwalk, Longstride, Longtooth, Razorclaw, Wildhunt UA Eberron Tabaxi N/A VOLO Tiefling Infernal(PHB), Abyssal(UA Black Magic), Feral(SCAG), Several others (UA Fiendish) PHB Abyssal was added in UA Black Magic, PHB version was renamed 'Infernal'. The Feral subrace has several variable rules that are detailed in the SCAG. Nine subclasses were added with UA Fiendish Triton N/A VOLO Warforged N/A UA Eberron
Monstrous Races
VOLO includes several monstrous race options. These are regarded as special, situational options, and are not always intended for use with other races. They are: Bugbear, Hobgoblin, Goblin, Kobold, Yuan-ti Pureblood, and Orc
Revenant
For Ghostly Campaigns, the Revenant Subrace can be applied to any race that has existing subraces, with special rules for Humans, Dragonborns, and Tieflings (UA Gothic)
Apple's new MFi game controller program offers a lot of promise for gaming on iOS— the top mobile gaming platform around could also soon be a serious platform for hardcore gamers. But the first crop of controllers have been met with much criticism from developers, reviewers and consumers alike. The consensus so far: flimsy buttons and joysticks, lack of support from developers, and a $99 price tag make them far overpriced compared to your standard Bluetooth game controller.
The launch for the first few controllers to hit the market was rushed, developers are disappointed and still trying to catch up, and manufacturers are limited in pricing, features, and quality due to Apple's MFi program requirements. What does Apple have to do to overcome a rocky start to its game controller program which is supposed to control quality? And how are manufacturers limited by Apple in building better controllers at a fair price? We've dug into Apple's MFi program and talked to developers and companies building the controllers to find out… The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
Like it's Made-for-iPhone/iPad/iPod touch program for docks, audio products, and other accessories, late in 2013 Apple finally introduced specifications for manufacturers interested in building Apple authorized game controllers. Two types: a “form-fitting” design that acts as a case for the device with a built-in Lightning connector, and a standalone Bluetooth-connected version. Alongside the new MFi program, Apple has created standardized game controller frameworks in iOS 7 that are supposed to let app developers update once to support all authorized game controllers.
Why are they so expensive?|
One of the biggest pain points for consumers so far has been the price of MFi controllers: Does the added engineering that goes into having an iPhone dock right into the controller via Lightning connector really justify the roughly $40 -$50 premium over your average game console controller? And what about the non-form-fitting design? That is essentially just a standard Bluetooth controller but also selling for $99. A sample of comments from our reviews of the controllers echo what just about everyone online is saying:
Basically the same comment as everyone else: the Dualshock 4 costs $60. The Xbox One controller costs $60. I am not going to pay $100 for a worse controller than those. __ Just allow DualShock 3 to pair with iOS and be done with it. This entire round of new controllers (Logitech, Moga, Stratus, and there is one more from CES) are all a joke. Cheaply made, and Waaaay overpriced.
So why is the price so high? If you ask Logitech and Moga it's in large part because of the built-in battery and other components like the Lightning connector necessary for device charging. That's not the whole story, however, as the Bluetooth controllers announced so far that are lacking those features are also selling for $100 (like this one from SteelSeries). One issue is that Apple's MFi program requires manufacturers to source their pressure sensitive analog switches for buttons and thumbsticks from a single Apple approved supplier. An employee of Logitech that worked on the project expressed disappointment with the buttons compared to the company's other gamepads and noted its first controller, the PowerShell, was put together in haste.
Accessory maker Signal, which just showed off its new “RP One” Bluetooth MFi controller at CES this year, explained that achieving the $60 shelf price of generic Bluetooth controllers while getting anywhere close to the quality of a first-party controller from Sony or Microsoft just isn't possible with the MFi program. “The generic BT controllers often cited at low prices simply don't have the amount of engineering and design development that's going in to MFi controllers.” While it's no secret that Sony and Microsoft have been known to lose money on the sale of new hardware, estimates put the bill of materials on the PS4 controller at just $18. After shipping, Sony is still making around $30 off each controller sold, but it of course has the added benefit of bringing costs down by building millions of units at launch. Much of that $30 will also go towards distribution and retail margins when sold through third-party retailers. While Signal's Mark Prince hinted the company won't be able to compete with the big guys on price, they did tell me that, unlike the current crop of MFi controllers, Signal's controller will “feel and perform a lot like a 1st party controller – in terms of latency, feel, calibration – you name it. It's solid.”
Interestingly, we've learned Apple is using Fujikura America Inc located in Santa Clara for the pressure sensitive buttons rather than one of its usual suppliers of MFi related components. Manufacturers we talked to hinted the pressure sensitive switches is one area they could have cut costs if not forced to go through Apple and that they are looking into the possibility of getting Apple to approve other suppliers. Add in other MFi required licensing fees, component costs, R&D for the new form-fitting designs, and extensive testing to comply with MFi specifications, and it's not difficult to see why the controllers are selling for much more than your average game controller.
The $99 price would be a little bit easier to swallow had the first crop of controllers been well-reviewed and on par with or better than console game controllers. The biggest issue for developers has also been the most notable complaint among reviewers and consumers: the analog buttons, triggers, and joysticks, all of which are required to use the Apple supplied pressure sensitive switches mentioned above. We've been told by most of the current MFi controller manufacturers that Apple isn't setting pricing, but in the long run the MFi requirements mentioned above are resulting in controllers that are twice the price and half the quality of non-Apple approved controllers.
MFi Quality Control |
While Apple was presumably working on its new controller frameworks long before it introduced it to developers and manufacturers at WWDC last June, developers and manufacturers didn't have long to get ready and try to beat one another to launch during the December holiday season last month.
Logitech first started talking to Apple in May and quickly put together rough dev kit controllers for the company that Apple provided to select developers in June, but the company didn't have real beta units of the finished controller for developers until November, a month before the controller launched. That meant Logitech's controller launched with an image of Terraria on the box before the developers had even updated with controller support, and it also means your experience with games that are supported might vary until developers fine tune the experience, according to the company.
The cost trade-offs associated with the MFi program means we might not see form-fitting controllers that also include Bluetooth, or Bluetooth versions that include integrated battery packs for device charging. SteelSeries' Bluetooth-only controller is already $100 and the addition of a battery for device charging or other features would significantly add to the $100 retail price that consumers are already rebelling against.
There are other limitations of the program as well. For instance, the d-pads must be one circular button, opposed to just a raised cross shape or separate buttons for up, down, right, and left that you find on PlayStation and Xbox controllers and that many gamers prefer. The requirements also extend to the color, labeling and layout of the face buttons, thumbsticks, triggers, etc. It's all meant to control quality and make it easy for developers to update apps to support all controllers, but in some areas Apple's controller specification might not be strict enough.
The range of motion Apple allows manufacturers to use for joysticks, for example, means your experience with some games will vary depending on which controller you're using, and many developers we've talked to aren't satisfied with the controllers. Logitech said that issues related to the sensitivity of buttons that some have experienced will require developers to fine tune their apps specifically for its controller.
Developing… |
Why aren't more developers updating their apps with controller support? Implementing Apple's APIs in iOS 7 for game controller support is relatively painless, but some app developers we've talked to aren't happy with the experience after testing the hardware. Some are even holding out on updates until higher-quality controllers are available.
Aspyr, publisher of Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic for iOS, confirmed it's working on an update, but it's spending a lot more time than anticipated on optimizing the experience for both controller layouts. The standard layout lacks joysticks and a second set of shoulder buttons and will force some developers to use a less than ideal combination of the touchscreen and controller to accommodate all game functions. Aspyr would have had controller support ready for its last major update before the holidays, but it didn't have access to beta kits for any controllers.
For other developers, especially those that developed games specifically for the touchscreen, controller support just doesn't make sense. App developer Massive Damage compared the controllers to Kinect: “An optional piece of equipment with relatively low market penetration that a developer has to program and design for explicitly.” It won't introduce controller support in any of its games “until iPhones come with controllers out of the box.”
Not a bad idea. I too would like to see Apple build its own MFi game controller, something that could be a true reference design for developers and manufacturers. It's not that much of a stretch given Apple's renewed interest in making its own MFi iPhone 5s docks.
Even with many developers slow to adopt the new controller frameworks, Moga, one of the first companies to release a MFi controller, tells us it's “seeing a much faster rate of adoption by developers” compared to on Android. It's also working with Apple to continue reaching out to developers interested in supporting the controller.
There's still hope |
There are a few opportunities for the MFi controllers to improve down the road. There is a possibility that Apple could let manufacturers get their own suppliers approved for pressure sensitive buttons. For software related issues, Apple requires all controllers to be capable of receiving field-deployable firmware updates. There are also other types of controllers allowed under the MFi program that we've yet to see, like form-fitting controller designs built for the iPad.
For non-gamers, it's easy to underestimate the importance of Apple's new Made-for-iPhone (MFi) program for game controllers, but with Apple TV, MFi controllers, and mobile devices becoming increasingly powerful every year, iOS devices could quickly become a serious competitor to traditional console gaming in the living room. Before that happens, however, Apple and manufacturers will have to go back to the drawing board to come up with something developers and gamers will embrace.
Update: After publishing this story, SteelSeries sent out a press release on Jan. 23, 2014 announcing it will drop the launch price of its Stratus MFi controller from $99 to $79 and honor all preorders at the lower price. The controller is also now available with the new price in the Apple Store and on Apple.com. We've reached out to the company about their decision and we'll update with comments if we hear back. Until then, here's the boilerplate text from the press release:
“The media and consumer reaction to the announcement of the Stratus Controller at CES really demonstrated the power behind this product, and the new category of gaming we can enable by working together with Apple,” said Bruce Hawver, SteelSeries CEO. “More than ever, we see the power of this platform and we want to make every effort to make it accessible to as many consumers as possible. We have therefore worked closely with our retail partners and suppliers with the objective of lowering the retail price target without changing any of the terrific features of this product.”
Update 2, Jan. 27: Logitech too has realized it priced its controller too high and is now offering it for $70.
Story highlights Tim Stanley: At trial, Breivik seems mad, but views on Islam mirror some from politicians
Stanley: Breivik says Islam inferior to Christianity and elite liberals push multiculturalism
Both false, they say, with Islam varied, rich; multiculturalism result of free-market economics
Stanley: Breivik's views seem a tragic symptom of Western psychological angst about Islam
The trial of mass murderer Anders Breivik has confirmed one thing so far: They seem quite mad. Looking plump and dumb, with a slightly receding hairline, the Norwegian gave a right-wing salute as they entered the courtroom and smirked their way through CCTV footage of their handiwork.
Breivik claims that they killed 77 people as an act of self-defense against the Islamification of Norway, that they are a member of the Knights Templar and part of an "anticommunist" resistance to multiculturalism. Reading their insane manifesto , it is tempting to dismiss them as a nut with a gun.
Nevertheless, there's no denying the political context to what Breivik did. Since 9/11, fringe and mainstream politicians in Europe and America have spoken of Islam as incompatible with Western values. Breivik quoted many of them in their manifesto. This is not to say that they took direct inspiration from those public figures, or that they bear personal responsibility for their crimes. But Breivik's paranoia does conform to a popular -- wholly negative -- view of the twin problems of Islam and multiculturalism. Tragically, it is a view that few mainstream politicians have been willing to challenge.
The mistake being made by all these people are to conflate a tiny minority of political Islamists -- whose precise ideology has only really emerged in the last 30 years -- with the entire global and historical community of Muslims. It is true that Islam has never undergone a total Reformation, but it has experienced mini-enlightenments . The most celebrated is the Islamic Golden Age (750- 1258), centered in Baghdad, in which the arts and sciences flourished in a manner that left Dark Ages Europe far behind. (You can also find humanist poetry and art in Persia and even a small amount of erotica in Northern Africa .)
Timothy Stanley
Islam never outright rejected scientific empiricism but instead tried to reconcile and integrate it into its religious beliefs, with a surprising amount of debate about the primacy of either faith or reason. It preached that divine revelation could be found in other religions and so practiced tolerance in the lands that it conquered -- a kind of Islamic multiculturalism. One of the giants of the European Enlightenment, Voltaire, favorably opined that Islam was more tolerant in its treatment of minorities than Christianity (consider the comparative persecution of Catholics in Ireland or of Jews in Spain).
Today, Islamic society looks different in every region where it is found. The royal families of Saudi Arabia have promoted ultra-conservative Wahhabism, which discourages personal vice, idolatry, veneration of saints, etc. The Bangladeshis prefer the more mystical Sufism, which places greater emphasis upon a subjective experience of Allah and is traditionally more tolerant of human foibles and dissent.
JUST WATCHED Norway shooting survivor attends trial Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Norway shooting survivor attends trial 03:21
JUST WATCHED Prosecution concerned with Breivik sanity Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Prosecution concerned with Breivik sanity 03:43
JUST WATCHED Alleged mass killer shows no remorse Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Alleged mass killer shows no remorse 02:57
Almost every part of the Islamic world has produced progressive movements, some headed by women. Pakistan gave the world Benazir Bhutto and Indonesia Megawati Soekarnoputri. In all cases, the political development of Muslim countries has been as much shaped by poverty and the legacy of colonialism as it has Islam. Iran might have continued on a course toward liberalism had the West not sponsored an anti-democratic coup in 1953
In short, there is no monolithic Islamic history or experience, which makes it hard or even disingenuous to talk about the challenge that Islam as a whole poses to the West. Put another way, no American would want anyone to think that the Westboro Baptist Church spoke for all of Christianity.
Breivik's second, equally fallacious claim is that Islam's growth in the West has been encouraged by liberal elites as a means to destroy traditional Christian culture. Indeed, multiculturalism has been strongly critiqued by two British prime ministers -- Tony Blair and David Cameron. Cameron said that it had "failed" because it did not demand submission to the liberal principles of gender and sexual equality.
But multiculturalism is not a Marxist ideology carefully plotted by the "Saul Alinksy radicals" so loathed by Newt Gingrich. Rather, it was free-market economics and globalization that caused the mass migration of Muslims from East to West -- and multiculturalism was simply a policy response. The aim was to protect the cultural integrity of both host and guest populations by allowing them separate spaces in which to develop.
Far from intending to threaten the religious or civil liberties of the majority Christian population (which remains vastly superior in numbers), the goal was to create a common framework of laws but otherwise leave everyone to their own devices. If Christianity has declined in the West, it's the fault of the Christians who stopped going to church -- not the small groups of Muslims quietly attending their local mosque.
And yet Muslims in Western countries now live under the pressures of anti-terrorist surveillance and social ostracism. They are forced to defend their Britishness, their Frenchness or their Americaness -- even if they are third- or fourth-generation citizens of those countries. Breivik's attack has raised the threat level against the West's Muslims: They are now the target of our politically engaged sociopaths.
Given how widespread the condemnation of both Islam and multiculturalism is across the West, perhaps it is apt to describe Breivik as a symptom of Western psychological angst. It is a condition of neurosis about decline and paranoia about foreign invasion that is in desperate need of remedy.
