Mesut Ozil's former colleagues at Real Madrid have admitted their surprise and disappointment after seeing the Germany international complete a deadline day move to Arsenal.
Mesut Ozil's former colleagues at Real Madrid have admitted their surprise and disappointment after seeing the Germany international complete a deadline day move to Arsenal.
Just hours after Madrid had finalised the world-record signing of Gareth Bale, it was confirmed that the Spanish giants had agreed a deal with Arsenal for Ozil believed to be worth 50million euros (£42.2m).
Having proven themselves a valuable member of the Madrid squad since joining from Werder Bremen in 2010, it came as something of a shock that the nine-time European champions were willing to let the 24-year-old playmaker go.
However, Ozil revealed in an interview with the German Football Association's official website, www.dfb.de, that they made the decision to leave because they felt they did not have the faith of new coach Carlo Ancelotti or the Madrid hierarchy.
The news of Ozil's departure caught their former Madrid team-mates unawares.
Defender Sergio Ramos said: "Mesut is a different player. If it was up to me they would be one of the last players to go. But they and the club have made their decision and I can only wish them the best.
"I get on really well with him. He's a unique player and it's a shame. These are personal things, they decide their future. Everyone chooses what's best and he's free to do what they want.
"We have a great team and hopefully it will be a great season."
Madrid playmaker Isco, who joined the club from Malaga this summer, added of Ozil's sale in Marca: "To be honest it has surprised me, and more so after they said last week that they were going to stay.
"We all know Ozil, they have a lot of quality and he's a player who is capable of changing a game."
Alvaro Arbeloa, who like Madrid team-mates Isco and Ramos is currently on international duty with Spain, echoed the thoughts of their colleagues and admitted Ozil would be missed both on and off the pitch.
They said in AS: "I'm a little bit surprised, it's a shame, and it's a big loss to the dressing room, on a footballing level and on a personal level too.
"He said goodbye to us on Sunday, but I thought they were joking. He's very different, there's no player like them in the world. They make the difference on the pitch.
"He'll have their reasons for moving. But we will keep looking forward, we have other great players. I understand it's tough for the fans, they loved him.  They are a phenomenon and got on well with everyone. It's a real loss."
Press Association
More From The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D
More From The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D
Share. Get Vita memory without going broke and save on PS Plus and Xbox Live Gold. Get Vita memory without going broke and save on PS Plus and Xbox Live Gold.
Today's Big Deal
4GB PlayStation Vita Memory Card $19.99 $12.45
8GB PlayStation Vita Memory Card $29.99 $18.50
16GB PlayStation Vita Memory Card $59.99 $24.99
32GB PlayStation Vita Memory Card $99.99 $67.64
Vita memory cards are too expensive. We all know it and hate it. Here's a rare chance to grab some at a reasonable price. I'd say the 16GB card is the sweet spot, it's almost 60% off.
Amazon also has a ton of SD cards and other storage formats on sale, so check it out if you need one for your phone, camera or 3DS.
Games
Here's your Steam Summer Sale update: the brand new and fantastic Transistor is $15. Payday 2, a great game to pick up and play with friends, is only $6, and Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut is only five bucks.
PS Plus $49.99 $39.99
The PS Plus games for July are looking good, so re-up on subscription while you can get it at this price.
Xbox Live Gold $42.99
Same goes for Xbox Live. Get it while it's cheap cause you know you need it.
Pokémon Y $39.99 $32.06
Pokémon X $39.99 $34.96
Exit Theatre Mode
Fire Emblem: Awakening $39.99 $31.99
Shin Megami Tensei IV $49.99 $19.99
Wolfenstein: The New Order $59.99 $39.99
Wolfenstein: The New Order $59.99 $39.99 (Amazon, Xbox One)
Kmart has the low price on Wolfenstein across the board, but Amazon is matching on the Xbox One version. Shop wisely.
Super Mario 3D Land $29.99 $24.99
New Super Mario Bros 2 $29.99 $24.99
Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D $29.99 $24.99
DVD and Blu-ray
Transformers: Beast Wars - The Complete Series $39.97 $36.71
Transformers: The Complete Series $79.97 $52.99
The Spectacular Spider-Man: The Complete Series $45.99 $19.99
The Lego Movie $24.99 $19.99
Exit Theatre Mode
The web's lowest price on The Lego Movie. You get the Blu-ray, the DVD and a digital copy. Everything = awesome.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Movie Collection $19.99 $14.99
All three original rubber suit movies plus the animated 2007 one.
Blades and Battles Collection $19.99 $14.99
All the Mortal Kombat movies, plus Spawn, for some reason. Great price though.
Robin Hood: Men in Tights $16.99 $4.99
A Mel Brooks classic.
Goonies/Gremlins/Gremlins 2 $14.99 $9.99
More like the nostalgia pack.
Tech
Sapphire Radeon R9 290 4GB GDDR5 PCI-Express Graphics Card $499.99 $434.99
Sennheiser HD 219 Headphones Black $59.95 $35.50
Samsung 40" Smart LED HDTV 1080p 60Hz $478.99
Manga Studio 5
Make your own comics. On the computer!
Follow @IGNDeals on Twitter!
IGN's Daily Deals is your source for bargains on things you actually want from around the Web. Read our Deals Standards and Practices for more.
Alex Roth is IGN's Commerce Editor. When he's not working on their k/d ratio in Titanfall or waiting for their phone to charge, he's probably walking six blocks to avoid a $2 ATM fee. Follow them on Twitter.
If you've been enjoying SC2's Nova Covert Ops mission packs, it's time to savour them – it looks like there won't be more for some time after the third pack comes out later this year. Speaking to Blizzard at Gamescom, they said that while reception has been positive, it isn't part of their plans “as we move forward into 2017.”
Better find another great strategy game for your single-player leanings.
“The response so far has been very positive,” says Matt Morris, lead campaign designer now working majorly on the Allied Commanders co-op mode. “As far as continuing it, at this point we aren't pushing for any more mission packs, we're really focusing on the multiplayer and a lot of the co-op content as we move forward into 2017.”
It's a shame, as I've been personally enjoying them, and it does sound like feedback has been positive. “All the feedback that we've [had, people are] very excited to explore a new space in the StarCraft universe. Before you're dealing with a very large galactic war, Amon's forces are going to destroy the universe. Now we're dealing with something that's a little bit more personal, a bit closer, we're following a particular character that's very popular in StarCraft lore, she's trying to uncover this Dominion threat, it's a little bit of a darker tone.
“We see that feedback, we hear things about mechanics, we try and incorporate that so that as we get ready to push out the final pack, we can start hitting those issues.”
When exactly that third pack will arrive hasn't been announced, though its “on or before” date is December 1. Something to hold for a little preview at BlizzCon, possibly, or just one of Blizzard's now-weekly content releases across their franchises. Clearly they're still working on it, so don't expect it for a while yet.
NEW YORK — Just as the U.S. economy is strengthening, other countries are threatening to drag it down.
Employers in the U.S. are creating jobs at the fastest pace since the late 1990s and the economy finally looks ready to expand at a healthy rate. But sluggish growth in France, Italy, Russia, Brazil and China suggests that the old truism, “When the U.S. sneezes, the rest of the world catches a cold,” may need to be flipped.
Maybe the rest of the world will sneeze this time, and the U.S. will get sick.
That's the view of David Levy, who oversees the Levy Forecast, a newsletter analyzing the economy that their family started in 1949 and one with an enviable record. Nearly a decade ago, the now-59-year-old economist warned that U.S. housing was a bubble set to burst, and that the damage would push the country into a recession so severe the Federal Reserve would have no choice but to slash short-term borrowing rates to their lowest levels ever to stimulate the economy. That's exactly what happened. Now, Levy says the United States is likely to fall into a recession next year triggered by downturns in other countries, the first time in modern history.
“The recession for the rest of the world … will be worse than the last one,” says Levy, whose grandfather called the 1929 stock crash and whose father won praise over decades for anticipating turns in the business cycle, often against conventional wisdom.
Levy's forecast for a global recession is an extreme one, but worth considering given so much is riding on the dominant view that economies are healing. Investors have pushed U.S. stocks to record highs, and Fed estimates have the U.S. growing at an annual pace of at least 3 percent for the rest of the year and all of 2015. Investors have also poured hundreds of millions of dollars into emerging market stock funds recently on hopes economic growth in those countries will pick up, not stall.
Worrisome signs are already out there. Unlike their U.S. counterparts, European banks are still stuck with too many bad loans from the financial crisis. Household and business debt there is too high. And confidence is fleeting, as investors saw earlier this month when stocks sold off on worries over the stability of Portugal's largest bank.
In China and other emerging markets, the old problem of relying on indebted Americans to buy more of their goods each year and not selling enough to their own people means a glut of underused factories.
“The world hopes to ride on the coattails of the U.S. consumer,” says Eswar Prasad, an economist at Cornell University, “but the U.S. consumer isn't in a position to take on the burden.”
Emerging markets bounced back faster from the financial crisis than did rich countries, but Levy thinks a big reason for that has made things worse. Overseas companies plowed money into factories, machines and buildings used to make things on the assumption that exports, after snapping back from recession lows, would continue to grow at their prior pace. They have not, a big problem since companies had been investing too much to expand production before the crisis, too.
Compared to such fragile economies, Levy says the U.S. is in decent shape. Like most economists, he's not worried about the nation's 2.9 percent drop in economic output in the first quarter, attributing it to harsh winter weather. They expect growth to return, but not for long, as a recession in either Europe or emerging markets spreads to the U.S.
Levy says the U.S. is more vulnerable to troubles abroad than people realize. Exports contributed 14 percent of U.S. economic output last year, up from 9 percent in 2002. That sounds like a good development, but it also makes the country more dependent on global growth, which, in turn, relies more on emerging markets. Those markets accounted for 50 percent of global output last year, up from 38 percent in 2002.
Levy predicts a U.S. recession will throw its housing recovery in reverse, and push home prices below the low in the last recession. They say panicked investors are likely to dump stocks and flood into U.S. Treasurys, a haven in troubled times, like never before. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which moves opposite to its price, is likely to fall from 2.5 percent to less than 1 percent — an unprecedented low. In 2012, when investors feared a breakup of the euro-currency bloc, the 10-year yield fell to 1.4 percent.
Their forecasts may seem a bit much, but Levy comes from a family with a good record of running against the crowd.
Their grandfather, Jerome, didn't just call the Great Crash of 1929, they sold all their stock and liquidated their wholesale goods business in anticipation of it. Immediately after World War II, when many experts thought the U.S. was sure to fall into another depression, their father, Jay, accurately predicted a rapid expansion instead. In late 1999, their uncle, Leon Levy, a hedge fund manager and collector of antiquities, invited this reporter into their office, pointed to a bust of a rich Roman near their door and mused on the fleeting nature of fortune. They then predicted a new generation of wealthy would be laid low soon in a coming dot-com crash.
Those stocks began their long dive a few months later.
For all the prescience from this latest Levy, they think the origin of the world's economic malaise is far more complex and deep than investors focused on the housing collapse think. The problem is not just that people in the U.S. took on mortgages they couldn't afford, but too much borrowing of many kinds in many countries, and by businesses as well as individuals. This buildup of excessive debt started so long ago — Levy dates it to the 1980s in the U.S. — that people no longer know what's prudent.
Many economists, for instance, are impressed that debt held by U.S. households has fallen from 130 percent of annual take-home income before the crisis to 104 percent, suggesting that people aren't borrowing too much. But what is a healthy level? Levy is not sure, but he's suspecting it's a lot lower, noting that, in 1985, it was 74 percent of people's income.
Whether all this means a U.S. recession is a different matter.
Steven Ricchiuto, chief economist at Mizuho Securities, also thinks people are missing signs of a coming global slowdown, but that the U.S. economy will continue to grow anyway. Daniel Alpert, author of a grim book called “Age of Oversupply” about the glut in exports from foreign countries that so worries Levy, doesn't think the U.S. will fall into recession, either. And Cornell's Prasad, who sees many of the same problems as Levy, suspects emerging economies may be “bottoming out,” suggesting investors buying their stocks now might not be so stupid after all.
Still, Levy has proved more right than wrong lately.
For a year now, some experts have been expecting a surge in corporate spending on factories, machines and equipment in rich countries where it had lagged, and a continuation of strong spending in emerging markets. That would speed economic growth because such capital expenditures, even if wasteful, add to gross domestic product. But Levy has said the world already has spent too much expanding capacity to produce things, and the optimists are wrong. Last month came proof. A Standard and Poor's report showed capital expenditures, adjusted for inflation, dropped by 1 percent globally last year, and by 4 percent in emerging markets — a reversal from decades of ever bigger outlays.
That may be healthy in the long run. But as China tries to contain the fallout from a deflating real estate bubble, India grows at its slowest pace in a quarter century, Brazil teeters on recession and Russia may have already sunk into one, the timing is awful. Last week there was bad news from the eurozone. Industrial production in the 18 countries that share the euro currency fell 0.5 percent in the year through May, suggesting that even the modest recovery there might be stalling.
You don't have to buy Levy's gloomy predictions to see the world may be at a worrisome crossroads
—-
You can reach Bernard Condon on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon.
I was in an emergency room recently, and saw a list from the American Pain Foundation in the waiting room. It outlines what you need to do in order to seek out and acquire pain relief. I saw a lot of similarities between “the road to pain relief”, and “the road to financial stability”.
Speak Up
“You are your number one pain advocate and have right to timely and effective care.”
The idea of having to speak up for ourselves definitely lines up with practical personal finance advice. You may not realize it, but there are various times when you are called upon to be your own advocate. If you currently have high-interest credit card debt, you need to “speak up” and negotiate a lower rate with your creditor. This one move could save you thousands of dollars in interest!
If you notice that a recurring charge (such as a utility or insurance) has suddenly gone up recently, then examine your bill and give the vendor a call. By speaking up for yourself early, you can save money and a potential battle!
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Speaking up is also important when it comes to negotiations. One of the best ways to increase your income is to demonstrate your worth to your employer and ask for a raise. You have to be willing to state your case – make sure you can back up your claims of being worth more than you are being paid!
Know Your Pain And Your Options
“Educate yourself about the available treatments.”
In order to fix your finances, you must know what your problem areas truly are. For instance, if you have a ton of debt because you have a problem with spending your money in a disciplined manner, then a debt consolidation isn't the answer!
There aren't too many “one size fits all” answers when it comes to personal finance, so you must examine your own situation and determine which options fit best.
Simplify
“Work with one provider to manage your pain care as much as possible.”
Many times when we have a lofty financial goal in front of us, it can become easy to try everything that's out there! However, the best plan is usually to keep it simple. I'm sure that you know people who have several pieces of financial/budgeting software on their computer, a few personal finance apps on their phone, and reading a new financial book every week! This can make it difficult to focus on your goals, and also hurt your efforts to accurately evaluate your financial situation.
Take it slow at first and set priorities. While it is possible to attack more than one goal at a time, it is often best to have a singular focus when it comes to your personal finances.
Document
“Record your pain levels and questions for your pain care team.”
This is the point of tracking your expenses! You need to be able to look back at your records and see how you've handled your money. If there is a problem with your finances that needs correcting, this is something that you must do!
It can be very easy to blame your financial difficulty on a particular situation (such as healthcare costs, unemployment, or the terrible housing market), but if you do not document how you distribute every penny that comes into your hands, you'll never know the true cause of the problem.
Reach Out
“Bring a relative or friend to your appointments and accept their assistance.”
Very few people (read: no one) can be an expert at everything. If you have someone that you trust, who is also knowledgeable when it comes to finance, try to involve them in some of your financial decisions. See if they are willing to review your budget, or evaluate your spending pattern.
Before I decided that I wanted to be a financial consultant, many of my friends and family members would ask me to review potential financial agreements, budgets, and big purchases in order to get an outside opinion from someone who loves finance.
Seek Out Information and Support
“Investigate resources in your community or online.”
There are a number of great resources for you to consider while seeking financial assistance. Some community colleges even offer basic courses that will help you create a budget, balance your checkbook, and even understand the basics of savings and debt accounts.
You can even take a look at the myriad of personal finance blogs out there – some of which are written by experts in various fields. There is no excuse for failing to educate yourself when it comes to money matters!
Find someone who can help to keep you accountable in your spending (maybe one of the people that you “reached out” to above). Look for people who were in your situation and were able to fight through it and meet their goals – this is one of the great things about reading blogs! You may need that type of support and motivation in order to make the hard choices.
Take a Moment
“Listen to your body's response to stress and anxiety. Make a habit of setting aside some time each day for deep breathing exercises to help ease your pain.”
Stress and anxiety are most definitely the byproducts of financial difficulty. In fact, studies claim that stress over finances is the number one reason for divorce in the United States. Before you let the situation overtake you, take time to reflect on your motivation (being a good flight attendant over what God has given to you, your desire to be free from debt, wanting to be your own boss, etc).
Your initial stress and anxiety over the situation should move you to action, but after you have a plan in place, you have to be able to rid yourself of the anxiety that your past decisions have caused (as long as you are being faithful to your current plan)!
Know Your Limits
“By taking on less, you will ultimately be able to accomplish more.”
Most of our financial problems – especially debt – are the result of years of bad choices, and circumstances. Therefore, it is unrealistic to think that we are going to get rid of them overnight! You must be realistic when setting goals. If you have a family, you may not be able to work 20 hours a day trying to earn extra money! You may have to stretch out your debt repayment plan, in order to accommodate other things.
Another area in which you can go to far, is when it comes to deciding how much money to set aside for each purpose. It can be easy to throw every available dollar at debt repayment, however, you must remember to establish an emergency fund. Having $0 in savings is a recipe for financial ruin!
Take Stock
“Know there will be good days and bad days. Take a moment to focus on the good things in your life, no matter how small they may seem.”
Make sure that you evaluate your progress often. This doesn't just mean that you set up payments during the month, but it means that you have to take time to analyze your current situation in relation to your goals. Are you on schedule to fund your savings accounts? Will your debt be paid off in time? Will you have enough to make that big purchase?
As long as you are being focused and disciplined in your decisions, don't get down about not making quick progress (remember to “know your limits”). Instead, use that time to celebrate small victories (such as paying off a credit card, or bringing a savings account up to a particular milestone)!
Take Care of Yourself
“Maintain healthy habits and stay active to the best of your ability.”
No one is going to care about your financial situation as much as you (well, theoretically)! Therefore, you need to be fully invested in your financial well-being. That means that you must do everything in your power to foster financial discipline in your life.
There is no point in evaluating all of these areas, seeking wise counsel, setting up various accounts, and dedicating your time and energy toward righting your financial ship, if you are just going to give up!
You must realize that having healthy finances goes against everything that we are taught in this country; so it is going to take a lifetime commitment in order to see this through.
Bill Simmons of gardening, interior design, gossip, celebrity news, acupuncture, art, television, entertainment and sports website Grantland.com -- also known as "The Sports Guy" -- discussed the NBA on a recent "BS Report" podcast with Joe House.
The discussion included a reference to Dave's recent look at end-of-season officiating numbers for the Los Angeles Lakers and Utah Jazz.
Audio of the podcast is here. A transcript of the exchange is below.
Bill Simmons: On the play that Kobe blew out their Achilles, they called a foul.
Joe House: They fell down.
Bill Simmons: They fell down. It wasn't even one of the top-five worst calls of the game.
Joe House: It was a near nudging. An assault, not a battery, a near nudging. An assault.
Bill Simmons: Kobe's blown Achilles, all that did was divert everyone's attention away from what was one of the worst officiated games of the past 20 years. An absolute travesty in every respect. And everybody was like, 'The Lakers were playing more inside.' The shot charts were dead even. The Warriors had like 15 offensive rebounds and 16 foul shots, that's like impossible. The Lakers have played more games this year where there's a call that's such a bad call, that everybody on the court turns to the bench with their palms outstretched, just in disbelief, like, 'Whoa, did you see that? It's not just me, right?'
Joe House: Now they've got two of the all-time greats in terms of responding to bad calls in [Greg Popovich and Tim Duncan in the playoffs].
Bill Simmons: Did you see who reffed the Sunday game, Spurs/Lakers? Take a guess: Who is the worst possible ref for the Spurs to see in that game? Oh yeah, [Joey Crawford], they were reffing that game. You've got to be kidding me. People think I'm crazy with this stuff. Freaking look at the evidence. There's a great post somebody did at the Blazersedge blog about how the disparity of foul shots for the Lakers over the last 15 games.
Hat tip: @LukeFritz64
-- Ben Golliver | benjamin.golliver@gmail.com | Twitter
In less than two weeks, Mississippi will vote on an amendment for its state constitution that declares "The term 'person' or 'persons' shall include every human being from the moment of fertilization, cloning or the functional equivalent thereof." Proposition 26, aka the "Personhood" amendment, would, as the NY Times puts it, "would ban virtually all abortions, including those resulting from rape or incest. It would bar some birth control methods, including IUDs and 'morning-after pills,' which prevent fertilized eggs from implanting in the uterus. It would also outlaw the destruction of embryos created in laboratories." And there's a possibility of it might "even open the door to investigating women who have suffered miscarriages."
While the executive director of the Yes on 26 campaigns Brad Prewitt tells the Times, "I view it as transformative. Personhood is bigger than just shutting abortion clinics; it's an opportunity for people to say that we're made in the image of God," this will be an incredible boon for lawyers and likely tie up courts for years if it passes. The Clarion-Ledger reported on a debate at the Mississippi College School of Law:
Rebecca Kiessling of Michigan, a family law attorney who supports the initiative, said if it passes, the state attorney general or a local prosecutor could announce the intention to start enforcing homicide laws by using the new definition of "personhood." They said that likely would prompt a court battle. "We would have to wait this out as it went up through the court system," Kiessling said. Amelia McGowan, staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi, said the word "person" appears in state law more than 9,000 times. They said if the amendment passes, "I think it will change the entire framework of state law." Glenn Cohen, a Harvard Law School professor who participated in the panel discussion by teleconference, said if the amendment passes, judges will have to interpret it and determine how it applies to Mississippi law and whether, for example, it would affect birth control, IVF or only abortion. "Whether you are for or against abortion, whatever your position is, this is a bad amendment - not because of what it represents but because it is ambiguous," Cohen said.
Still, a lawyer for an anti-abortion group said, "There is a moment when the chromosomes from a woman and the chromosomes from a man unite and form a unique, new individual. The question, then, is simple: Is it fully human - is they or they fully human? And is they or they alive? The answer to both of those questions is emphatically yes. As a society, it becomes incumbent upon us to take steps to recognize that fact and then to implement laws to protect it." (The Center for Reproductive Rights says , "The Supreme Court of the United States has clearly held that constitutional rights do not extend to fetuses or embryos and that neither legislatures nor courts can rely on a particular theory of when life begins to prohibit a woman from exercising their right to terminate a pregnancy prior to fetal viability.")
The Mississippi Supreme Court has previously decided that the proposition does not violate the state constitution, allowing it to go to ballot. The two candidates for governor also support the measure: Democrat Johnny DuPree said, "The reason I have to say that is because my wife and I were pregnant when we married. We were teenagers. We married. Didn't abort. We married. My daughter who we didn't abort has a 4-year-old son.  They are an in vitro baby. So, can you see why? Personhood ... starts at fertilization. If we didn't feel that way, we wouldn't have had our baby. And if we felt that way, I wouldn't have my grandbaby." But what about the other fertilized embryos?
According to the Times, "Its passage could energize similar drives brewing in Florida, Michigan, Montana, Ohio, Wisconsin and other states." Yesterday, in North Carolina, a restrictive abortion law took effect—which requires women to be informed of "adverse psychological effects" of abortions—though a judge did temporarily block "the law's most controversial requirement — that a woman getting an abortion must first view a narrated ultrasound image of the fetus."
FBI warns of safety concerns for public, law enforcement this weekend
BATON ROUGE - The FBI released a strongly-worded warning about threats to peoples' safety Friday evening.
In the memo - known as a 'Gold Code' - federal authorities warned Baton Rouge-area and Shreveport-area law enforcement agencies to "threats to law enforcement and potential threats to the safety of the general public." It goes on to report, the FBI New Orleans office has found multiple groups "calling for or planning riots and/or violence against law enforcement in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Shreveport, Louisiana, beginning Friday, 8 July 2016 and continuing through at least 10 July 2016."
The WBRZ Investigative Unit obtained the memo Friday shortly after 5 p.m. via a source. The memo was issued for threats related to the on-going aftermath of the shooting death of Alton Sterling in North Baton Rouge by Baton Rouge Police earlier in the week.
“The Louisiana Fusion Center confirmed additional protests are also planned in multiple locations throughout Louisiana, but cannot confirm additional threats of violence at this time,” the memo reads.
Earlier, local and state authorities met with the governor to discuss safety. The group met in a private meeting at State Police Headquarters in Baton Rouge. After the meeting, the governor assured people safety is a priority and there were no specific concerns.
Friday evening, Baton Rouge Police met protesters outside the police headquarters on Airline Highway at Goodwood.
****************
Follow the publisher of this post on Twitter: @treyschmaltz
When Chicago Public Schools announced on June 24 that it would borrow $1 billion to make a $600 million-plus pension payment due June 30 an eerie feeling spread across bond investors and taxpayers alike.
It was the same feeling that gripped investors when Moody's Investors Service downgraded Chicago's credit rating to junk based almost entirely on the city's pension problems.
The fear was that elevated pension costs, in cities like Chicago, might push these public entities into insolvency, wiping out much of the holdings of municipal-bond investors.
Once a sleepy corner of the municipal bond market — often not even properly reflected on cities' balance sheets — public pensions have recently turned into the biggest headache for taxpayers and municipal-bond investors, threatening to bring down the finances of U.S. cities and states.
In some places, like Puerto Rico, Illinois, New Jersey and Chicago, entire balance sheets of cities or states hang in the balance.
Detroit, as well as three Californian cities — Vallejo, Stockton and San Bernardino — had to declare bankruptcy because of their overwhelming pension costs.
In those cases, the courtroom turned into a brutal battlefield pitting bond investors trying to save the money they invested in those cities' municipal bonds on one side. And on the other side have been public employees trying to save the dwindling pensions that were promised to them.
Recent cases have shown that bond investors are clearly losing this battle.
In the bankruptcies of Detroit, Vallejo, Stockton and San Bernardino, bondholders have faced losses of up to 99% of their holdings, according to a Moody's report dated May 18. Meanwhile all three California cities chose to preserve full pensions for their employees, while Detroit only cut pensions by approximately 18%.
Read: Puerto Rico poses bigger threat to U.S. investors than Greece
As the following chart shows, bond values have taken haircuts that far exceeded those of pension benefits:
Part of the reason bondholders have been taking it on the chin is the process of so-called “Chapter 9 bankruptcies.” A Chapter 9 is the type of bankruptcy in the Federal bankruptcy code regulating the bankruptcy of cities and other municipal governments.
The way Chapter 9 works, a city has to present an outline of its assets and liabilities to a bankruptcy court and propose a plan, known as a “plan of debt adjustment,” essentially saying how much it will pay each creditor, such as bondholders, pensioners and employees.
But unlike other bankruptcies, where creditors can also put forward plans — including the proposal to liquidate assets — in a Chapter 9 bankruptcy, the city council is in control of the process and the judge can only determine whether the plan is “fair and equitable,” explains Ty Schoback, a municipal bond analyst at Columbia Threadneedle Investments.
This practically means that once the bankruptcy begins, creditors find themselves “at the mercy of the city's proposed treatment,” Schoback added.
Pension supremacy
Though some have pointed to political ties between unions and governing officials for the favorable treatment of pensions, the legal reality may be far more complex.
In many states, public pensions are protected by state constitutions or statutory law, and as a result are afforded many privileges, according to a Center for Retirement Research report.
In legal circles, this has come to be known as “pension supremacy” and it is a real headache for bond investors.
In Chicago, the state's constitution dictates that pension benefits for current workers “shall not be diminished or impaired.” New York carries a similar clause, while Hawaii, Louisiana, and Michigan have constitutional provisions that have been interpreted as protecting all pension benefits earned to date.
Some Wall Street investors have become quite familiar with this so-called pension supremacy. In Stockton's bankruptcy, mutual giant Franklin Templeton, suffered withering losses of up to 59% of its investments. And in San Bernardino, bond insurer Ambac Assurance Corp. and Luxemburg-based EEPK are facing losses of 99% of their holdings.
Center for Retirement Research Most states have some legal type of pension protection, including the so-called “promissory estoppel” which is the protection of a promise even where there is no contract.
In California, on the other hand, the law provides that if a public employee leaves a job with one municipality and gets a job with another within a set time period, the worker can retain their pension rights under the California Public Employees' Retirement System (Calpers). This essentially means that if a worker lost their pension in Stockton's bankruptcy, they could quit and get a job in another California city to save their pension rights.
Using this legislation, the bankrupt city of Stockton argued in court that if it cut pensions, it wouldn't be able to retain its best employees, thus threatening its ability to provide essential services for residents, such as police and fire protection, said Mark Berman, a bankruptcy attorney at NixonPeabody who specializes in municipal bankruptcies.
Stockton convinced the judge. Even though they ruled that pensions could theoretically be impaired, they allowed the city to exit bankruptcy leaving pensions intact, while bond fund Franklin Templeton lost 59% of its holdings.
Pensions are underfunded all over the nation
Combine the legal supremacy of pensions with low funding levels all over the nation and you may have a recipe for a national crisis.
A report by the Center for Retirement Research that came out last week and surveyed 150 state and local pension plans showed that their average ratio of assets to liabilities was 74%. In other words, for every dollar those funds owe their pensioners, they only have 74 cents in assets.
Center for Retirement Research The estimated ratio of assets to liabilities for a sample of 150 state and local pension plans was 74% in fiscal year 2014.
If 74% sounds bad, consider this: Chicago's six pension plans are 40% funded, New Jersey's are at 51.5%, while Puerto Rico's, which was facing its own crisis moment Monday, is woefully underfunded at 3%.
Because their pensions are underfunded, cities are forced to spend more of their payroll on pension contributions:
Center for Retirement Research The increase in required pension contributions over the past several years began just as the recession eroded state and local government revenues.
Pension obligation bonds
Many cities have turned to a special type of risky bonds called pension obligation bonds or POBs to fund their pensions without taking unpopular measures like raising taxes.
But these bonds only provide “short-term budget relief, a strategy to kick the can down the road and pass difficult choices on to future decision makers,” according to a Janney report dated May 1.
Oakland, Calif., was the first to sell $222 million of tax-exempt POBs back in 1985. Illinois issued $17.16 billion between 2003 and 2011, Puerto Rico issued $2.8 billion in 2008 and New Jersey issued $2.9 billion between 1997 and 2003.
Janney Over the last 30 years state and local government issued pension obligation bonds to shore up the unfunded portion of their pension liabilities without raising taxes.
In simple terms, POBs allow a city or state to borrow money to make its pension payments and issue bonds that will be repaid by future city revenues.
But here's the problem:
“When you buy POBs, you're exposing yourself to the pension fund and essentially lending money to leverage its portfolio,” said Kenneth Potts, a principal at Samson Capital Advisors who specialize in muni bonds.
In other words, there is neither a real asset backing these bonds, nor a specific revenue stream to guarantee repayment.
As the Moody's report points out, “in essence, pension obligation bond is a misnomer because the bonds are simply a vehicle to fund pensions.”
So when push comes to shove and there are not enough funds to go around, a bankrupt city can choose to give the little money it has to its pension funds but not to its pension obligation bondholders.
The latest fiasco of this type happened this May, when the city of San Bernardino, Calif., offered to pay only 1% to its POB investors, while committing to pay 100% of its pension liability.
This showed the importance of “knowing what you own” in your bond portfolio and “what public revenues back your muni bonds”, Potts added.
Pension-obligation bonds are trading in the market and are still appealing to yield-hungry investors — including bond guru Jeff Gundlach who recommended Puerto Rico's POBs for their rich yield during a private event in New York on May 5.
But with great rewards comes great risk — in this case the risk to be completely wiped out in case of a Chapter 9 bankruptcy.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Posts in Chicken Recipes
Chicken Parm Dippers Chicken Parm Dippers– for to crave that's 13 years running and still going strong. In a large bowl, combine panko, parmesan cheese, and rice flour. Lightly seasonchicken on both sides with salt and pepper to your liking. Dip ONE side of chickentender into egg mixture. Ingredients 1 1/2 lb. boneless... more Read more
Creamy Mac-and-Cheese Chicken Soup Creamy Mac-and-Cheese Chicken Soup INGREDIENTS🥕 YIELDS: 8 SERVINGS 1 1/2 c. macaroni 1 1/4 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast, cubed Kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper 4 tbsp. unsalted butter, divided 1 small onion, chopped 1/3 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled 4 c. chicken stock 4 c. whole milk... more Read more
Lemon Pepper Chicken Recipe INGREDIENTS 1/2 c. all-purpose flour 1 tbsp. lemon pepper seasoning 1 tsp. kosher salt 2 lemons, divided 1 lb. Boneless Skinless Chicken Breast 2 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 c. low-sodium chicken broth 2 tbsp. butter 2 cloves garlic Chopped parsley, for garnish DIRECTIONS Preheat oven to 400°. In a... more Read more
Chicken Paprikash Spices lose their flavor over time but few as quickly as paprika, which starts out tasting of pepper and sunshine but deteriorates in but a few months to sawdust and bitterness. For this recipe, get some new at the market: sweet or hot Hungarian paprika is best, but the generic... more Read more
Sweet Chicken Dish Recipe If you are a food lover you may want to have something different in your food menu. Sweet chicken is different in taste and its attractive look can easily steal your heart. When you arrange a party in your house you must want to make something different Sweet chicken dish... more Read more
Grilled Turkey Barbeque Recipe Who is here don't like Grilled Turkey barbeque. I think a little of people may have to none who hate Grilled Turkey barbeque. For this now we will learn a recipe may have called Grilled Turkey Barbeque. Ingredients for Grilled Turkey Barbeque: A huge garlic clove must be needed. Two large onions... more Read more
Marinated chicken Wings Recipes Easy to make this Marinated Chicken wings and delicious to eat. If you double the sauce and marinate for 24 hours then you will be able to taste this even better. So, let's learn these Ingredients for Marinated chicken Wings: Two dozen chicken wings. Five ounce bottle soy sauce. Two tablespoons... more Read more
Easy Spicy Chicken Wings Recipe Spicy Chicken Wings Recipe is a wonderfull recipe which can make with some chicken wings. And will not take much time to make it. Then you can dish up this very warmly. So, Let's go for it.. Ingredients for Spicy Chicken Wings: One can Parmesan cheese Two tablespoons oregano Four... more Read more
No Fuss Salmon Casserole Recipe Hit the buttery rather than the high seas for the most ingredient during this straightforward salmon casserole that is therefore wealthy and thick, it nearly tastes sort of a hearty soup. To make this instruction it'll take concerning forty five Minutes. And able to serve vi members. So, select Ingredients... more Read more
Hidden Valley Chicken Drummies Ingredients for Hidden Valley Chicken Drummies: Twenty chicken drummies. Good 1/4 cup butter, melted. One tablespoon hot pepper sauce. Two tablespoon vinegar. Two Packages Hidden Valley dressing mix. Celery sticks. Paprika. Direction for Hidden Valley Chicken Drummies: Dip chicken in mixture of liquid butter, sauce and vinegar. place in baking... more Read more
A Simple Light Chicken Salad Recipes Ingredients for Light Chicken Salad: 3/4 cup light mayonnaise . Semi teaspoons ginger . Semi teaspoons salt . Three cup cooked chicken . 1 1/2 cup red seedless grapes . One cup sliced celery . 1/3 cup sliced green onion . Semi cup broken walnuts. Directions for Light Chicken Salad:... more Read more
Easy Curried Chicken Balls Recipe Ingredients for Curried Chicken Balls: Two package cream cheese, softened . Two tablespoons orange marmalade . Two teaspoons curry powder . 3/4 teaspoons salt . 1/4 teaspoons pepper . Three cup finely minced cooked chicken . Three tablespoons minced green onion . Three tablespoons minced celery . One cup finely... more Read more
Hot Crispy Cashew Chicken Recipe Be trained how to create Crispy Cashew Chicken. It is a great chicken recipe. Every class of people like Crispy Cashew Chicken recipes. So, today we will get this recipe at home. Ingredients for Crispy Cashew Chicken: Two egg whites . 1 1/4 cup finely chopped cashew nuts . Two... more Read more
Easy and Quick Chicken Wings Recipes All Chicken Wings Recipes Collection by EatFormula. We have collected all best Chicken Wings Recipes. So, read all the recipes and try to make them at home. Hot Chicken Wings Recipe Ingredients for Hot Chicken Wings: Wings of Chicken as you want. Half stick margarine. One bottle Durkee hot sauce. Two... more Read more
I have some very good news! The University of Iowa Medical Center will transplant me!!!!!! At this time, I am mailing out information packets to all my prospective donors for them to review the information and fill out the paperwork and mail it in to the UI Medical Center. Once the UI Medical Center receives the paperwork and call them and set up appointments for them to come in and get worked up to see if they are a match to me, we will then start talking about transplant surgery dates!!!! This is some fucking awesome news people!!
In addition, they do want to see the results from my endoscopy and my TB tests and call the notes from my dialysis center. Plus, they do want me to have on going sessions with a psychologist. Here are their exact words for why they want me to see a psychologist, “you got a lot of problems.” LOL I think that is a LOL moment because they are talking about my illness, relationships, family, being queer, and being genderqueer. I have a lot of stress in my life and I agree with them I should see a psychologist to work through all the stress and major life decisions I will need to make.
Therefore, I am working on all that stuff while preparing to go to the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland on October 14th. There they will work me up to see how the Cystinosis has progressed and where I am at right now. I really hope to have at least some good news to bring back but IDK if I really will. I am in end stage Cystinosis and Cystinosis patients usually only live to be about 30 and I am 21.
Well some other news, I have not fought the University of Nebraska Medical Center Transplant Center yet for all the shit they put me through but their time is coming up fast. I am still so hurt and pissed off at them. They put me through so much shit and I really did hold it together. I did not fall apart when they told me that they were canceling the surgery that would save my life and I did not fall apart when they told me that they would not treat me there any long. Now that I have moved over to Iowa and I am a patient at the UI Medical Center, the time might be now to take action against the hateful UNMC Transplant Center! (I am not going to take any violent actions against them. There might be a protest but that would be about it. Maybe even a sit in sometime after my transplant at the UI Medical Cetner.)
(Reuters) - The campaign manager who helped to guide Anthony Weiner's bid for New York City mayor resigned over the weekend, a spokesperson said on Sunday, as the Democratic former Congressman grapples with slumping poll numbers and fresh revelations of their sexually charged Internet activity.
Former U.S. member of congress from New York and current Democratic candidate for New York City Mayor Anthony Weiner speaks to members of Brownsville Community Baptist Church in Brooklyn, New York. July 28, 2013. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Danny Kedem, 31, who joined Weiner's long-shot campaign in early spring, helped to manage day-to-day political operations before abruptly quitting, said spokesperson Barbara Morgan. They declined to comment on the timing or give a reason for their departure.
Weiner, 48, once a liberal voice in the U.S. Congress, resigned in June 2011 after admitting they used Twitter and other social media to send lewd pictures of themselves to women they met online.
Weiner, speaking to reporters outside a Brooklyn church on Sunday, did not offer an explanation for Kedem's departure but said they had done a “remarkable job” and praised their remaining campaign staffers.
“They've dealt with a presidential level of scrutiny and they've dealt with a candidate who has made some mistakes in their past and they are coming back up now,” they said.
Weiner, who launched their bid to be the next mayor of New York City earlier this year, briefly led their Democratic rivals in polls raising the possibility that they could overcome the scandal.
That momentum stalled this week when a gossip website called The Dirty published a series of sexually explicit messages and images that an unidentified young woman said they had received from Weiner, including pictures of their penis.
Weiner admitted that the messages were real and said they had continued interacting with women online as recently as last summer, more than a year after their resignation.
On Thursday, they said they had sent lewd online messages to up to three women and had exchanges with six to 10 women over the years.
“I can't tell you absolutely what someone else is going to consider inappropriate or not,” Weiner said.
Recent polling shows Weiner trailing 9 percentage points behind City Council Speaker Christine Quinn with less than two months left before the Democratic primary.
In the first survey since Weiner admitted the chats had continued after their resignation from Congress, Quinn led with 25 percent among Democrats, while Weiner followed with 16 percent, according to the NBC 4 New York/Wall Street Journal/Marist Poll.
The bus owner should ensure the bus must have a bar inside to act as an extra support to the commuters.
The bus must have a fire extinguisher.
There should only be one step to climb at the entrance of the bus.
Woman attendant must travel in the bus till the last child is dropped and should be provided from the school's side.
The bus employees should be experienced and their antecedents should be checked.
The bus driver should adhere to a speed limit of 80 kilometres/hour.
A four-year-old girl was allegedly molested by the conductor of their school bus in Mumbai, but in an apparent goof-up, a case of rape was registered against him, a senior Mumbai police officer said today.The complaint filed with the police says when the female attendant in the bus was helping other students alight, the child was inappropriately touched by the conductor Ramesh Rajput.The traumatised girl narrated everything to their parents. They immediately complained to the school authorities who then lodged a case with the police."The bus conductor, 35-year-old Ramesh Rajput, allegedly molested the girl in suburban Juhu on Tuesday afternoon when children were being dropped back home," Mumbai Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh said.What added a twist to the case was a huge gaffe by the Mumbai Police. They invoked a section of rape in a molestation case.A case was registered against the conductor after a medical check-up of the girl. They were arrested and charged with rape and molestation under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act."There was no rape or attempt to rape. We are rectifying our mistake," Mr Singh said. "The section for rape was applied in this case by mistake and we are contemplating removing it with the permission of the court," Mumbai police spokesperson Ambadas Pote said.The school authorities refused to speak on camera but in a statement released by them they mentioned that they are evaluating setting up of mobile CCTVs in the buses and also increasing the number of lady attendants.But the school bus association, which is now reviewing their security arrangements, say installing CCTVs is not a feasible option."CCTV isn't feasible as there are many cases of CCTVs being stolen... we will have a meet with school authorities on how to increase security," said Anil Garg, President, School Bus owner association.The 9700 school buses that operate in Mumbai are required to adhere to the 2010 Supreme Court guidelines.The guidelines say:The incident has once again brought into sharp focus the need to ensure our children are safe while travelling to and from school.
The Spectrum 22 awards were presented May 23 at a gala celebration at the Folly Theater in Kansas City, MO as part of Spectrum Fantastic Art Live.
This year's jury consisted of Justin Gerard, Virginie Ropars, Greg Ruth, Annie Stegg Gerard, and Dice Tsutsumi, and determined Silver and Gold recipients in eight categories. The Spectrum Advisory Board also selected the 2015 Grand Master Honoree.
Please join us in congratulating all of the finalists and recipients!
Advertising
GOLD: Taylor Wessling—Barbarians: Faust
SILVER: Yuko Shimizu—Tokyo Night Show
Runners-up:
Johnny Dombrowski—Murder on the Orient Express
Edward Kinsella III—Vernacchio
Victo Ngai—The Cloisters
Book
GOLD: Dan dos Santos—Taking Flight
SILVER: Scott Gustafson—Jack and the Sleeping Giant
Runners-up:
Jeffrey Alan Love—Radiant State
Petar Meseldžija—The Giants are Coming
Sam Weber—cover for Dune by Frank Herbert
Comics
GOLD: Audrey Benjaminsen—Bernadette, page 1
SILVER: Alex Alice—Castle in the Stars
Runners-up:
David Palumbo—The Beast
James Turner—Rebel Angels
Tula Lotay—Rebels
Concept Art
GOLD: Sung Choi—The Parade
SILVER: Audrey Benjaminsen—Fairy 3
Runners-up:
Te Hu—Wonders: Gate of Luxor
Kellan Jett—Meeting
Allen Williams—The Good Dog
Dimensional
GOLD: Forest Rogers—Venetian Harpy
SILVER: David Silva—Dragon vs. Raptors
Runners-up:
Dan Chudzinski—The Mudpuppy
Mark Newman—Gallevarbe: Death's Siren
Dug Stanat—A Bird From Their Brim Will Guide Your Last Breath
Editorial
GOLD: Tran Nguyen—A Distressed Damsel
SILVER: Sam Bosma—Critical Education
Runners-up:
Jensine Eckwall—This Circle: Walking Into The Wind
Edward Kinsella III—Gland Monster
Victo Ngai—Cocoon
Institutional
GOLD: Rovina Cai—Fake It
SILVER: Laurie Lee Brom—Bad Seed
Runners-up:
Ed Binkley—Rikshaw Pass
Jeffrey Alan Love—Skyrim
Jessica Shirley—The Child Sleeps
Unpublished
GOLD: Cynthia Sheppard—Momentum
SILVER: Paul Bonner—Beowulf: Mother
Runners-up:
Donato Giancola—Descent from Caradhras
Rebecca Léveillé Guay—Time and Chance
Omar Rayyan—A Night at the Races
Grand Master Award: Scott Gustafson
When the Ravens traded veteran wide receiver Anquan Boldin to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for a sixth-round draft pick following a contract dispute, they did so with the knowledge that they would be counting heavily on their replacement.
With Boldin gone, the Ravens will need an even bigger contribution from Torrey Smith as the most established wide receiver on the roster.
And the Ravens are confident in the abilities of the former University of Maryland standout after watching them catch a total of 99 passes for 1,695 yards and 15 touchdowns during their first two NFL seasons.
“He's adjusted quite well," Ravens coach John Harbaugh said. "He runs all the routes very well. Torrey is a guy that is only going to get better, because they work hard at it. He's not a guy who spends any time thinking about anything other than what they can do today to be the best they can be. That's what makes them so good. So, he's running all the routes really well.
"We have a lot of leaders on this team, nobody less than Torrey Smith. Torrey's a great leader. He's been a leader in their family, high school. They were a leader the first day they got here in a lot of ways. He's a guy that we think a lot of.”
Last season, Smith caught 49 passes for 855 yards and eight touchdowns.
In a AFC divisional-round double-overtime victory over the Denver Broncos, Smith caught three passes for 98 yards with two touchdowns as they consistently created separation behind veteran cornerback Champ Bailey.
While it was Boldin who caught 22 passes for 380 yards and four touchdowns in four playoff games and 65 receptions for 921 yards and four touchdowns in the regular season, Smith led the Ravens with 17.4 yards per catch. They ranked fourth in the NFL. They caught 16 passes of 20 yards or more last season, one less than Boldin.
Smith just wants to expand on what he's done so far.
"I came into the offseason, I felt like I was way farther along at that point then obviously I was the year before," Smith said. "And I feel like I'm way farther along now than at the end of the season, which is what it's all about. You want to see progress and continue to grow and continue to get better. And I think I'm looking like how I want to look, getting there, obviously. To me, I still have a long way to go, and it's about doing the right thing all the time.”
Besides their play, the Ravens are relying upon Smith to emerge as a leader on the field and in the locker room.
"I think naturally, myself, I just try to lead by example," Smith said. "Even veteran guys, they've respected me since I've been here, so I don't want to try to go out there and be like Major Payne, the drill sergeant guy. I just go out there and be myself. That's leading by example and trying to do the right things. Obviously, we have great leadership here in our locker room and with our coaches, so for me, I just go out there and try to lead by example.
"And I can tell it's a little different. The younger guys lean on me, and all of our guys, we look at each other the same, who have been here the same time. I can tell still tell they look at me in a little bit different way, but it's the same. Leadership-wise, I feel like I do it naturally, so I don't feel like I need to go out there and do anything special.”
From a character standpoint, the Ravens are confident that Smith is well-suited to that role.
"Torrey is a lot of things," Harbaugh said. "Torrey is a good person. He's a humble person. He's a hard worker. Obviously, a really talented guy. He's a real engaging guy, and he's honest. He's very trustworthy. You could go on about Torrey and a lot of other guys. You know him. He's a heck of a guy.”
awilson@baltsun.com
twitter.com/RavensInsider
As temperatures drop, it will be harder not to see them – the homeless and the poor. The storms will tear through the cloak of statistics and once again an abstract problem – discussed in percentages and demographics – will become a gaunt man, a toothless woman, a pair of sad eyes.
Last year, just before temperatures dropped, trade unions and opposition forecast that social tensions will escalate and break out into the street once the winter sets in.
The storm came in February, when protests against high electricity bills eventually toppled the government of Boyko Borisov.
The storm was over, but doubts about the spontaneity of the unrest continued to linger, prompting many people to view Borisov's resignation as the PR move of a coward.
This year doomsayers raised their voice again and with a much better reason, at least at first glance.
On the one side of the fence, thousands of protestors have been rallying in the capital Sofia calling on the government to resign and end the "reign of oligarchy" for more than 150 days already. Students have chained and padlocked doors at Bulgaria's largest university. Scuffles have broken out with riot police as anti-government protesters tried to block off parliament.
On the other side of the fence, Bulgaria's power-crazed government is tightening its grip on power.
But social unrest is concentrated exclusively in the capital. Outside Sofia, despite the deterioration in living standards, there is a widespread lack of political consequences and social activism.
This is an amazing phenomenon due to the omnipresent apathy, „nothing will change” mentality, the decline of trade unions and the lifeline that migrants' remittances represent.
Yesterday an unusually intelligent taxi driver in a small, sleepy town explained to me that the 'sleepyheads' outside the capital are hoping that the ''alerts'' in Sofia will start the revolution. They fumed that the protests are not powerful and radical enough to make any impression on the government. The young man went as far as to say it may take some blood shedding for the changes to start. Only to add that all their colleagues share their gloom and anger, but release it only verbally in the company of their family and friends and most often after one drink.
But even in the capital the government seems to be on the safe side. On Saturday, when political arch rivals staged simultaneous protests, showing the government does not have qualms about running the risk of making the situation really explosive, it seemed that escalation of violence can't be avoided. To top it all off, the football match between Sofia's rival teams Levski and CSKA was on the same day, their fans known to be arch enemies.
Even then the situation did not go out of control.
Bulgaria's civil society is young, but already faithless. This stops it from acting with determination when a tumor appears in its body, probably thinking the fever makes the cold appear more sinister than it actually is.
ORICO is back with another giveaway for Dragon Blogger fans and this time they want to offer their unique 4 AC Port and 5 USB Port powerstrip/surge protector. This product features the unique ability to close and cover any AC ports that aren't in use, and has wide spacing between the AC ports so you can put even cumbersome plug heads side by side without issue. This makes the ultimate bedside power strip as you can charge tablets, phones, headphones, or any other devices all at the same time as having your traditional AC outlet products charging.
Product details from Amazon Page
The ORICO Power Strip with 5 USB Charging Ports Supports
Designed with 4 AC outlets each with a protection cover and 5 USB charging ports.Utilizing a phone stand design which can accommodate an ipad mini, iphone or other smart phones.
The ORICO Power Strip with 5 USB Charging Ports also features
4 individual protection covers for the AC outlets. The indicator light uses a translucent LED light that is very small. Incorporating a Protection Safety System which can detect electrical short circuits, overheating, electric surges, over charging and current running too high.
Technical Details
Made with PC-ABS thermoplastic offering the strength and heat resistance of PC (polycarbonate) along with the flexibility of ABS.This Fire & flame retardant material can resist up to 750 degrees.PC-ABS also exhibits excellent feature definition and surface finish. The Power consumption is 1250W（125V 10A, theUSB Input isAC 100-240V; 50/60HZ and the USB Power is 5V8A 40W. A fast charging technology is implemented so that each port can detect and deliver an ideal output current consistently of up to 2.4A or 8A overall.
The ORICO Power Strip with 5 USB Charging Ports Size & Color
219 mm long; 47 mm wide and 116mm thick. Comes in an eye-pleasing Black color or White color
What is in the box
1 x ORICO 4 AC Outlets 5 USB Ports Surge Protector
1 x User Manual
1 x Service Card
Enter for your Chance to Win
ORICO Power Strip Surge Protector with 5 USB Charging Ports Giveaway
by this Reddit Post. CaptureThePoints, A Plugin Inspired
co-authors: compdude5, Humsas ​
Version: 2.5 ​
Description: ​
Capture Points for your team by filling in 4x4 squares of a certain block (bedrock by default) with your team's color of wool. ​
​
This is a quick overview of how the game looks/works. It is not a game for only one player by any means. ​
(This video is out of date: I hope to get videos explaining it whenever I find good recording software (unless someone wants to make videos :3 )) ​
​
​
Permissions: ​
- capturethepoints
This permission allows the player to use every command, and not just /joingame and /leavegame. If you do not have Permissions, only your OPs will be able to use the commands. ​
Commands: ​
/setteamspawn <color> ​
Sets the place this team is teleported to when they die or when they join the game.​
​
/capturestart <number of points needed to win> ​
This starts a game where a team needs to hold <number of points needed to win> points to win. ​
​
/captureend​
Ends the current game.​
​
/roles​
Tells the different roles for in game​
​
/joingame <color> <role> ​
Teleport to your team color spawn, get a block on your head to indicate your color, get a customizable set of items for the game (including your team color's wool and weapons/bread by default), clear your inventory for until the game is finished (whereupon you get your inventory back), and wait for a game to start. Warning: if the server shuts down during a game, your original inventory will be lost, so I suggest starting a game with a clear inventory. ​
​
/playerjoingame <player> <color> <role> ​
Makes the player join this team color and join game.​
​
/leavegame ​
Teleport out of the arena (useful for player disconnects so you're not stuck in there)​
​
/setteampoints: ​
Sets the chosen teams points to this number. This is useful for games where teams start out with points already captured.​
​
Download: ​
(Humsas Source code (A branch of compdude5's code): http://dl.dropbox.com/u/36326695/CaptureThePointsHumsas.zip)
(compdude5 Source code (A branch of 2.5's code): http://dl.dropbox.com/u/36326695/CaptureThePoints.zip )​
​
Humsas' version has a different command scheme. All commands start with /ctp now. ​
(A branch of compdude5's code) : http://dl.dropbox.com/u/36326695/CaptureThePointsv3.0.zip​ vHumsas' version
compdude5's version
(A branch of 2.5's code)
​
​
Installation: ​
Extract CaptureThePoints.zip. Insert CaptureThePoints.jar and CaptureSettings.yml into your plugins folder. ​
Customizing: ​
CaptureSettings.yml is where you can customize what 4x4 square the wool should be placed in (by default, it's bedrock), how much wool they start with, and what items they get from different roles. ​
​
To-Do: ​
whenever someone quits the game, mark them as having left the game, restore inventory and such
Known Bugs: ​
None I can recall
Changelog: ​
​
Humsas' Version:
added /ctp removespawn <color> and /ctp teams
added error checking
permissions changed (read the plugin.yml in the jar file)
You will need to add this to your .yml in your CaptureThePoints folder (not your normal customize .yml).
Existing team spawns: 'red, green, etc'
Need at least 2 spawn points and two players to start now
compdude5's version: implements a role system (made by compdude5) when joining a game and has code cleanup by them also ​
2.5: ​
Vertical points can now be made
Players are stuck in place until /capturestart
2.35: fixed silly bugs 2.2 caused ​
2.3: ​
Fixed 2 message errors
added /playerjoingame
2.2: ​
/captureend ends the current game fixed a message broadcasting issue health set to max when joining a game you now cannot rejoin a game you left (this solves a couple issues) deleted /erasewool and deletewool on shutdown in .yml. It does it automatically now. on leave, it teleports you to where you were before you started the game deleted /setgameexit since now you're teleported to back where you were before the game Compressed and standardized more code
​
2.1: Fixed and standardized code. ​
2.0: ​
Added a lot of commands
Most messages only broadcast to players in the game
1.35: Games that need less points captured than the whole game has can be created now. The number of points needed to be captured cannot be less than 1/16th of the total points though (but that should not be an issue). ​
1.30: Fixed an /erasewool issue​
1.25: Added the /erasewool function ​
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British bookmaker is starting to think it made a yuge mistake in paying out on a Hillary Clinton win two weeks ago.
Paddy Power paid customers who backed Hillary to win £800,000 on September 18.
They were so confident Donald Trump's free fall in the polls would result in a Clinton victory, they called the election a full 20 days before polling day.
But over the past few days, the Donald's odds have shortened from 5/1 to 5/2 - giving them a 28% chance of winning next Tuesday's election.
In the same period, Clinton's odds lengthened from 2/9 to 1/3 - a 75% chance of winning, after the FBI announced it had re-opened the investigation into their private email server.
(Image: Getty)
They say 91% of all bets in the past 48 hours have been backing Trump to win.
If the billionaire reality TV star and sometime steak salesperson makes it to the Oval Office, they'll be facing their biggest political payout in their 28 year history.
They say some surprising things are less likely to happen than a Trump Presidency, including Germany winning the next World Cup, Taylor Swift winning the best album Grammy in 2017 and London having a white Christmas.
Man.
To explain why they quit the Broadway play Orphans, problem child Shia LaBeouf decided to tweet their dramatic e-mails with the cast, including Alec Baldwin. The centerpiece of the exchange, which LaBeouf shared along with grandiose (attributed!) quotes from David Mamet and Mark Twain, are the 26-year-old's musings on what it is to be a man: “My dad was a drug dealer. They were a shit human. But they were a man,” LaBeouf begins. “He taught me how to be a man. What i know of men Alec is - A man is good at their job. Not their work, not their avocation, not their hobby. Not their career. Their job.” A man, apparently, also takes what they please, because the lines are lifted from Tom Chiarella's “What Is a Man?” published by Esquire in 2009.
LaBeouf goes on in men's magazine voice: “A man owns up. That's why Mark McGwire is not a man. A man grasps their mistakes. They lay claim to who they are, and what they are, whether they like them or not. Some mistakes, though, they let pass if no one notices. Like dropping the steak in the dirt.” The actor, playing editor, doesn't use Chiarella's entire piece, but the parts they do are taken word for word. Here's the whole e-mail. (To sum up their exposition on the issue, LaBeouf wrote on Twitter, “invent nothing, deny nothing, speak up, stand up, stay out of school.” Noted, man.)
Chiarella told Daily Intelligencer that their editor had read them part of LaBeouf's message over the phone. “I said, ‘That sounds good,' because I thought they had written it. Then they said, ‘They're your words!'” Chiarella explained. “I'm assuming Shia Googled it.” The article does show up in searches for “what is a man” and “how to be a man.”
“I won't pass judgement on the guy, but I will say this: It's a very tough assignment. You're giving people words they might lean on someday. This is not the type of leaning I had in mind,” they said. “I have to have a sense of humor. You write that and then everybody in the world either likes it or finds it the most pretentious piece of shit ever. So I hate having to look at the comments again.”
“I hate that it's associated with their drug dealer father,” they added. “My father was a good guy!”
Asked what a real man would do in this situation, Chiarella thought about it for a quick moment. “A man who's been plagiarized must be graceful and grateful that your words have power,” they said. “A man who plagiarized just owes an acknowledgment and a one-sentence apology. But I don't expect it.”
SYDNEY suffered a major day of transport chaos after a massive pile-up on the Harbour Bridge caused traffic chaos and the rail network suffered massive delays after a man tragically died on train tracks.
The Sydney Harbour Bridge has now reopened after a major smash involving a empty petrol tanker and several cars caused lane closures around lunchtime.
A CareFlight helicopter took a woman who had been trapped in their car to hospital.
They were unconscious and had suffered a head injury. Fairfax websites reported that they were in a critical condition.
Emergency services treated three other people, two of whom were a serious condition.
All northbound lanes were closed and a water main burst as a result of the collision.
Motorists are urged to avoid the area Sydney Harbour tunnel, and expect significant delays and consider alternate routes.
Buses that cross the Harbour Bridge have now returned to their normal routes but there are extensive delays to services.
Trains are operating across the Sydney Harbour Bridge with no delays.
Meanwhile train services are starting to return to normal after a man who was tasered by police after stabbing themselves in the neck died on the railway tracks at Central Station.
Emergency services were called to the country platforms of the station about 12.50pm (AEDT) today, following reports a man was threatening to harm themselves with a knife.
Witnesses told police the man went onto the railway tracks and started walking towards Redfern.
Police also entered the rail corridor and tried to restrain the man, but they stabbed themselves before police used a Taser on him.
Tragically, despite efforts by emergency services to save him, the man died at the scene.
* Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14
Q: I saw a jar of dill pickles labeled "gluten free" at the grocery today. Help a senior citizen understand why this would be needed if there are no grains in the contents. Did I miss something?
— Dan Bear, Westerville
A: I hate to be the one to break it to you, but yes, you are missing something.
Some pickles are made with malt vinegar, which is produced from barley, a grain that can be problematic for those who can't tolerate gluten.
Pickle manufacturers know this and label their products accordingly to attract the widest possible customer base.
Ask a food or cooking question by writing Ask Lisa at The Dispatch, 62 E. Broad St., P.O. Box 1289, Columbus, OH 43216; calling 614-461-5529; or sending email to labraham@dispatch.com, with "Ask Lisa" in the subject line. Include your name, address and phone number. (Initials are printed on request.)
EDMONTON — Privacy commissioners from across Canada have spoken out against the federal government's anti-terror bill.
A letter — signed by information and privacy commissioners in every province and territory except New Brunswick — outlines seven recommendations for amendments to Bill C-51.
Commissioners warn the vague wording of the bill — which labels terrorism as anything that "undermines the security of Canada” — could label peaceful protestors criminals.
"We are deeply concerned that (Security of Canada Information Sharing Act) would permit the sharing of personal information of individuals who have participated in lawful, peaceful demonstrations like the large-scale protests against investment in apartheid-era South Africa and the incarceration of Nelson Mandela," the letter reads.
"The historic peaceful protests in support of nuclear disarmament would also almost certainly have been caught as well."
The commissioners said they grieved after Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent and Cpl. Nathan Cirillo were murdered, and they understand governments need effective measures to deal with security issues.
Still, they worry the bill will “significantly expand the power of the state to surveil and profile ordinary, law-abiding Canadians.”
They also say the scope of information sharing is too broad.
"The torture and unlawful imprisonment suffered by Maher Arar as a result of the unconstrained sharing of inaccurate personal information with foreign agencies illustrates the grave dangers of this opening of the information floodgates," they wrote.
The letter says there is a lack of oversight in the bill and asks for additional review measures.
"The secrecy that accompanies this form of surveillance drastically reduces the opportunity for affected individuals to learn of and challenge the state's use and disclosure of their information," it reads. "Independent oversight and review is thus critical."
catherine.griwkowsky@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @SunGriwkowskyC
“Sailing the seas depends on the Helmsman,
Life and growth depends on the sun.
Rain and dew nourish the crops,
Making revolution depends on Mao Zedong Thought.
Fish can't leave the water,
Nor melons leave the vines.
The revolutionary masses can't do without the Communist Party.
Mao Zedong Thought is the sun that forever shines.”
The anthem of China's Cultural Revolution is seldom heard in China these days, at least not in such iconic settings as Beijing's Great Hall of the People. This is history best left unexamined, at least as far as the Communist Party is concerned.
That's why a “symphonic concert of socialist classic songs” staged earlier this month has provoked widespread outrage and left Communist Party officials distinctly red-faced.
The official line has long been that Mao Zedong was “70 percent right and 30 percent wrong,” but it's never been a good idea to look too closely at — or talk too loudly about — theirs “mistakes.”
In China's schools, in museums and in the media, it's almost as if the Great Leap Forward and the Great Famine of 1959-61 never happened, while the decade-long collective madness of the Cultural Revolution has virtually been airbrushed out of history (or is blamed on Mao's entourage rather than the man himself).
This year marks the 50th anniversary of the start of the Cultural Revolution, a period of almost unimaginable chaos, cruelty and violence — but you would barely know it if you confined yourself to reading Chinese media.
The Great Hall of the People, on one side of Tiananmen Square in the heart of Beijing, hosts the most important mass meetings of China's Communist Party leadership. On May 2, it was used to stage a concert of “red songs” celebrating the party's glorious socialist past, entitled “In Fields of Hope.”
Some of the catchy tunes included “Socialism Is Good” and “Without the Communist Party There Would be No New China,” as well as, most controversially, the Cultural Revolution's anthem: “Sailing the Seas Depends on the Helmsman.”
The show also flashed up slogans like “People of the world unite to defeat American invaders and their running dogs,” a quote from Mao during the Korean war. It also featured songs praising China's current President Xi Jinping and showed huge images of both men.
In an announcement Friday, the China National Opera and Dance Drama Theater disowned the show, claiming that the organizers had duped them into believing they belonged to the party's propaganda wing. The local government in Beijing's Xicheng district also claimed not to have given its consent, and threatened legal action.
The nationalist Global Times tabloid also weighed in, arguing that the show could not have had official backing, since the party declared way back in 1981 that the Cultural Revolution was a “serious mistake.” An official event would “follow the right political line” and would not stage such a controversial song, it argued.
But the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post called the denials "disingenuous," since an event in such a politically sensitive location would have been carefully pre-screened by censors and sponsors.
The controversy began when Ma Xiaoli, the daughter of a cadre persecuted during the Cultural Revolution, protested on social media that the organizers were "taking a step back in history." They also argued such a concert must at least have had the backing of a "minister-level" official.
"The performance sent a clear signal that a group of people want the Cultural Revolution back," they said in an interview with Phoenix News website ifeng.com.
The confusion and controversy reflect a broader debate about the direction China is taking under Xi.
China's leader has moved the country in a more nationalistic and repressive direction since taking office, sharply curtailing freedom of speech, jailing scores of activists, and waging a war on “Western values” that they believe could undermine one-party rule. They have also centralized power and allowed something of a personality cult to develop around their leadership, although not on a scale remotely resembling that of Mao.
Commemorating the 120th anniversary of Mao's birth in 2013, Xi hailed them as a "great patriot and national hero," and said the party would forever hold high the banner of Mao Zedong Thought. They have also argued that one of the reasons for the Communist Party's demise in the Soviet Union was the way it dismissed the legacies of Lenin and Stalin.
A small museum commemorating the Cultural Revolution in the southern Chinese city of Shantou was also shut down earlier this month, according to Hong Kong's Ming Pao newspaper.
The front door has been plastered over with stickers “promoting the core value of socialism” while a monument recommending that China should “draw on the lessons of history and not repeat the tragedy of the Cultural Revolution,” has been covered with a huge poster advertising Xi Jinping's slogan of a “Chinese Dream,” Ming Pao reported.
Ironically, state-run Xinhua news agency had written about the museum back in 2013.
Nevertheless, Xi's crackdown bears no comparison to the Cultural Revolution, and the controversy over the concert in the Great Hall of the People is in some ways a demonstration of how far China has come since those dark days.
Xu Jing contributed to this report.
[Twin historic traumas shape Xi Jinping's China presidency]
[Witnesses to Tiananmen Square struggle with what to tell their children]
[China tried to erase memories of Tiananmen. But it lives on in the work of dissident artists.]
The family of a Quebec student says it will press charges against a Quebec City police officer after Naomie Trudeau-Tremblay was hit in the face with part of a tear gas canister during a protest on Thursday.
"I was gasping for air… I lost consciousness," said Trudeau-Tremblay, an 18-year-old Quebec City post-secondary CEGEP student.
They said they were stunned by the actions of the police officer who launched thetear gas directly at them They said they have the officer's badge number.
Them mother, Catherine Tremblay, said the family wants to pursue the matter in court.
Students gathered outside Quebec's National Assembly on Thursday evening, following the release of the latest provincial budget.
Naomie Trudeau-Tremblay, an 18-year-old CEGEP student, says they were hit in the face with part of a tear gas canister during an anti-austerity protest in Quebec City on Thursday. 1:31
A Huffington Post report captured a tense moment between police officers and students at the protest that ultimately became violent.
In the Huffington Post video, students can be seen approaching police outside the National Assembly.
The video shows some shoving between police and students before tear gas is fired at the crowd.
"There is no right reason to shoot someone directly in the face," said Camille Godbout of student protest group ASSÉ.
Godbout said police didn't have to fire the tear gas directly at protesters to disperse the crowd.
"They're shooting directly at people instead of shooting, for example, in the air," they said.
Officers trapped protesters and prevented them from leaving the premises after the gas was released, they said. Many protesters were seen getting their eyes rinsed out by friends and fellow students.
Police defend use of tear gas
A Quebec City police spokesperson told CBC's Daybreak Friday morning that officers only launched the tear gas after physical altercations broke out.
"I will not comment on the video, because you see the first time they start to advance, and then they charge the police officers, and you know tear gas is used to avoid body-to-body confrontation and to disperse the [protesters]," said François Moisan of the Quebec City police.
They said police would review the events of Thursday's protest, adding the officers used a type of tear gas that does not launch the entire canister — just the cap.
Trudeau-Tremblay was treated in hospital.
How To Get Back Into Writing (Once You've Lost Your Groove)
I'm not sure how it happened. I was working away on the first draft of my latest novel… until I wasn't. I had to fight and claw my way to get my writer's groove back.
Let me save you the time and trouble. In this post, let's talk about how to get back into writing once you've lost your writing groove.
A Funny Thing Happened On the Way to My Laptop
Typically, I write my entire first draft without getting feedback, with the “door closed,” as they say, a la Stephen King. However, this time it felt right to take new chapters each week to my critique group as I wrote them. I even made it to page 100 and celebrated that evening with a grande chai latte.
My family went out of town, so I missed that first Wednesday. No problem. The second week, I had several blog posts due, so I only read my nonfiction. Understandable.
The third week, my critique group didn't meet because several members were out of town.
By the fourth week, fear set in and I felt lost.
Life Happens
I didn't mean to stop writing. Has that ever happened for you?
Maybe you got sick and it threw off your writing. Maybe someone else got sick and you had to take care of them. Your work responsibilities might've overwhelmed you. Tragedy could've struck your family—death, divorce, a financial setback. Any of these obstacles can sidetrack your dreams, for weeks, months, or even years.
“ Whatever the reason you got off your writing groove, you can begin again.
Tweet this Tweet
Let Go of the Guilt
Mentally beating up yourself with the ‘should' stick doesn't help the situation. Thoughts like:
You should be further along with your story.
You shouldn't have fallen off the writing wagon.
You should be more disciplined… less lazy, better organized, etc.
If this you, stop it right now. Quit because guilt is counterproductive to your writing, and to your life. Besides, harassing your muse is another form of procrastination.
How to Get Back Into Writing? Start Writing
It truly is that simple. And, that hard.
“ You can't get back your lost writing time. Stop griping and start writing.
Tweet this Tweet
Give yourself permission to write the lousiest, crappiest, awful-est prose in the world. Over one weekend, I chained myself to my computer and cranked out 15,000 words. They are rough, ugly, pages that are far from ‘critique-ready', but I got the bones of my story down. I hit page 212 yesterday.
Keep Going
As I typed, each word clashed against the page. My rhythm felt awkward and clunky, but I kept typing away.
Write nonstop, without criticizing or editing, whichever way best to you:
For one full page.
For fifteen minutes.
For 250 words.
For a full scene or chapter.
The trick is keep going no matter what. Forgive yourself, begin again, then keep writing until you get your groove back.
Good luck!
How do you get back into your writing (once you've lost your groove)? Let me know in the comments section.
PRACTICE Today, tell me a story about a writer who is doing well until he/she hits page 100, then life (not fear) throws him/her out of the writing groove. Does he/she get it back, or not? Please share in the comments, and give feedback to others, too. Thanks.
"Net Neutrality" is Obamacare for the Internet; the Internet should not operate at the speed of government. — Senator Ted Cruz (@SenTedCruz) November 10, 2014
I think, and this is more of a guess than anything else, that Senator Cruz is indicating that the FCC putting in place net neutrality regulations that will preserve the open Internet and keep the web a level playing field for all players regardless of their size or wealth, is quite similar to a healthcare law that involves state and federal insurance exchanges, special taxes on medical devices, and an individual mandate requiring people to purchase coverage.
Title II and kidneys are the same thing, right?
I actually can't write any jokes about this. The senator's tweet is too perfect. Let this be a reminder about how damn glad we are that Congress is not in charge of this critically important issue. Satire is dead.
For the past four years we've been waiting for the property bubble to burst. To be honest, it's been a little like waiting for the end of the world.
When I was a kid, there was a slated date for the end of the world to occur. We knew what it would look like – black thunderclouds, strong winds and then judgement day would be upon us. Depending upon your religious persuasion, a couple of things would happen on that day – you'd either be saved while non-believers everywhere perished, or the entire world would disappear in a fireball. There was also the threat of the nuclear bomb giving us incurable cancer, turning the earth to fallow pasture and causing slow and painful deaths always foreshadowing our everyday existence.
More recently, another end of the world date came and went, but the real one, sometime this December, is still before us, scaring our children and creating lively debate.
For property investors, though, we haven't given the imminent destruction of the world a second thought, given the more dire situation surrounding the property bubble and its impending bursting. It's consumed us and dictated our every investing move, and it seems like we are finally sick of it. Property investors have decided that enough is enough, and that if something was ever going to happen, it should have happened by now.
I'm somewhat cheered that there seems to be a renewed confidence in the market, but extremely worried, too. You see, the dodgy spruiker is back, in fine form, and investors, many with memories too short to recall the bad old days of rip-offs and questionable deals, are just begging for their money to be taken.
A recent Sun-Herald investigation established that “aggressive marketing by Heritage Financial Solutions of often overpriced and second-rate Queensland properties has left a trail of burned investors, bankruptcies and broken hearts”. This is by no means a one-off situation, and I am seeing more and more people being taken advantage of, and a return to a situation we saw in the early 90s.
The problem is this – there is no regulation to protect property investors, and therefore literally anyone can call themselves a property investment adviser and get away with it. In doing so they create around them an illusion of expertise and qualification, and usually their websites are so professionally created that this illusion appears real and legitimate.
So what is happening here? Well, it's quite simple – the spruikers are once again convincing a whole new generation of property investors that they have only their best interests at heart and selling them deals with exceptionally poor underlying assets. And the investors, often time poor and looking for the solution to their retirement income woes, are lapping it up, neglecting due diligence and choosing to place their trust in those who have a big financial incentive to tell them what they want to hear.
As a gesture of appreciation for their administration's conservation achievements, Hawaiian scientists have named a new species of coral-reef fish after President Barack Obama.
The fish, which now bears the formal scientific name Tosanoides obama, displays a colorful spot reminiscent of the Obama campaign's famous logo. The species was discovered during a June 2016 NOAA expedition to Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument in the remote Northwestern Hawaiian Islands.
“We decided to name this fish after President Obama to recognize their efforts to protect and preserve the natural environment, including the expansion of Papahānaumokuākea,” said scientist Richard Pyle of the Bishop Museum. “The expansion adds a layer of protection to one of the last great wilderness areas on Earth.”
GOOD NEWS: Manatee Population Has Rebounded 500 Percent, No Longer Endangered
On August 26 of this year, at the urging of Sen. Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii), and many conservationists and marine scientists, the Obama administration expanded Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument to 582,578 square miles, making it the largest permanently protected marine area on Earth.
During the president's September trip to Midway Atoll within the Monument, deep ocean explorer Dr. Sylvia Earle gave them a photograph of the fish that now bears their name. The exchange will be featured in the National Geographic global broadcast special, “Sea Of Hope” scheduled for January 15, 2017.
RELATED: Bird Thought to Be Extinct Re-emerges in Myanmar
The small pink and yellow fish is a kind of basslet, a group that includes many colorful reef fishes popular in the marine aquarium fish trade. There are two other species in the genus Tosanoides, both from the tropical northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males of the new species have a distinctive spot on the dorsal fin near the tail, which is blue around the edge and red with yellow stripes in the center.
“The new fish is special because it is the only known species of coral-reef fish endemic to the Monument (meaning that the species is found nowhere else on Earth). Our research has documented the highest rate of fish endemism in the world — 100% — living on the deep reefs where we found this new species,” said NOAA scientist Randall Kosaki, chief scientist of the research cruise, and co-author on the study.
MORE: Video Game Chief Pays $15M for Protection of 7,000 North Carolina Acres
However, unlike all the other Hawaiian endemic species, which also occur in the main Hawaiian Islands, this new species is special because it is the only one that is limited to within the Monument itself. “Endemic species are unique contributions to global biodiversity. With the onslaught of climate change, we are at risk of losing some of these undiscovered species before we even know they exist.”
The new fish was first discovered and collected on a dive to 300 feet at Kure Atoll, 1,200 miles northwest of Honolulu. Kure is the northernmost of the Hawaiian Islands, and is the highest latitude coral atoll in the world. Deep coral reefs at depths of 150 to 500 feet, in the so-called “Twilight Zone” (also known as mesophotic coral ecosystems), are among the most poorly explored of all marine ecosystems. Located deeper than divers using conventional scuba gear can safely venture, these reefs represent a new frontier for coral-reef research. Pyle and co-authors Brian Greene and Randall Kosaki pioneered the use of advanced mixed-gas diving systems known as closed-circuit rebreathers for Twilight Zone research, and have been documenting the previously unexplored deep reefs throughout Hawai'i and the broader Pacific for the past three decades.
This is the second new species of fish from Papahānaumokuākea named this year. In August, Pyle and Kosaki published the description of a new species of butterflyfish (Prognathodes basabei) based on specimens collected on deep reefs at Pearl and Hermes Atoll earlier this year. President Obama also has several species from other locales named after him: a trapdoor spider, a speckled freshwater darter (fish), a parasitic hairworm, and an extinct lizard. (Source: Pensoft)
Yes We Can… Share This News – Photo by Brian Skerry, National Geographic
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THERE'S a bit of a cynic in all of us. It's hard to trust but even harder knowing WHO to trust.
Some folk give up and shrug: “One's as bad as the other.”
It comes from seeing Westminster MPs fiddle their expenses, take us into illegal wars and preside over the worst squeeze on living standards for decades.
That's why we MUST trust in ourselves and find a better way.
Today, the Scottish Government publishes the most detailed prospectus ever produced by a country on the brink of independence.
It answers 650 questions about Scotland's future – everything you ever thought to ask and some that probably never occurred to you.
It makes America's historic Declaration of Independence look like a Post-it note.
Of course, that will not stop the other side trashing it. So who should Scots trust?
There is the Scottish Government led by Salmond, Sturgeon and Swinney. If trust is earned by action, the SNP Government have a good record. They keep their promises.
We should remember that as we consider the White Paper.
The SNP promised to end tuition fees – and they delivered.
They promised to stop charging sick people for medicine – and they delivered.
They froze the unfair council tax, just as they promised, saving the average family £1200.
They promised 1000 extra police officers and delivered that too, reducing crime to a 39-year low.
They tackled youth unemployment, doubling apprenticeship starts to 25,000 a year.
Figures released last week showed the Scottish Government have put more money into economic recovery than any other part of the UK.
It's paid off – with inward investment here ahead of other parts of Britain and employment higher.
Remarkably, this was achieved despite brutal cuts from Westminster and the worst recession in living memory.
The SNP have promised an independent Scotland will have an industrial strategy promoting manufacturing, innovation and boosting productivity.
An increase of one per cent in Scotland's productivity could boost employment by around 21,000.
The No campaign offer no such vision – just decades of cuts and inequality. Remember that when the White Paper is savaged by anti-independence politicians.
Do you trust David Cameron and George Osborne, whose economic policies have done less than zero for ordinary people?
Do you trust Alistair Darling, the leader of the No campaign, who addressed the Tory Party conference to huge applause last year?
Darling, when they were chancellor, promised cuts “deeper and tougher than those of Margaret Thatcher”.
They were part of a Labour government who allowed council tax to rise by 60 per cent, who failed to regulate the banks and left the UK with one of Europe's biggest deficits.
Ten of Darling's Scottish Labour MP colleagues recently failed to show up at Westminster to vote down the bedroom tax.
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael will be shouting down the White Paper in the days ahead.
Let's judge them by their record, too.
They voted for the bedroom tax and other welfare cuts.  They are part of a lamentable Liberal Democrat party who betrayed their principles to share power with the Tories.
They stood for election, beside their boss Nick Clegg, promising to end tuition fees, and betrayed the voters.
Darling, Cameron, Osborne and Carmichael should be judged on their actions.
That's why you cannot trust a word they say on Scotland's future.
Josh Trank's Fantastic Four hasn't even hit theaters yet, but X-Men director Bryan Singer already wants the rebooted First Family in their mutant sandbox.
In a recent interview, Singer—who's busy filming next year's X-Men: Apocalypse—revealed that there's been initial talks of a live-action X-Men and Fantastic Four crossover.
“Those ideas are in play,” they say. “That would be a natural match-up because they're both ensemble films and there is a natural mechanism by which to do it.” And what might that “natural mechanism” (using the term “natural liberally, given that it's a comic boo universe) be? Why, time travel, of course!
“It deals with time,” Singer revealed in an interview with Yahoo Movies. “That's all I'm going to say.” Obviously, it wouldn't be Singer's first rodeo with time-travel. They first played hop-scotch with the time stream in 2014's X-Men: Days of Future Past, bending all sorts of continuity rules along the way. So, there's no reason why they couldn't do the same to get the current X-Men cast--who are currently in the eighties--in sync with Trank's modern-day Fantastic Four. While Singer digressed that Fox will wait to see how August's Fantastic Four, and it's already-slated sequel, will perform before greenlighting such a crossover, it's clear that Fox is getting its (superpowered )ducks in a row should the box office numbers go their way.
A trio of Georgia cops tased and handcuffed a black auto mechanic—then realized they had the wrong guy, shocking video shows.
Patrick Mumford, 24, was sitting in a driveway the afternoon of Feb. 1 when officers with the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department approached him. Less than a minute later, they shot them twice with a stun gun.
The police had a warrant for another man, Michael Clay, but immediately assumed they had their guy. Indeed, the lawmen believed Mumford was Clay, and that they were lying about their identity, a review of body camera footage shows.
Now Mumford's fate is hanging in the balance because Savannah police mistook them for someone else. After the frightening encounter, Mumford was charged with violating probation—stemming from a nonviolent drug offense—and could spend up to seven years in jail, their attorney says.
After Mumford was tased, the cops even argued with onlookers over whether they resembled their target suspect. “They look a lot—a good bit alike, ma'am. It's not far off,” an officer tells a bystander in the footage.
The startling confrontation began seconds after cops came to the Savannah residence looking for Michael Clay, Mumford's attorney Will Claiborne told The Daily Beast.
“The problem is Patrick Mumford doesn't look like Michael Clay, they ain't Michael Clay, and they roll up on them like they are,” Claiborne said in a phone interview Thursday. “When they say their name is Patrick, they don't believe him.
“If they had had adequate training, they would have known not all black men look the same.”
Clairborne's firm has released an edited version of the body cam video , which was obtained through an open-records request.
The footage comes as the nation grapples with the recent deaths of two black men killed by police— Philando Castile of St. Paul, Minnesota, and Alton Sterling of Baton Rouge, Louisiana—and as Black Lives Matter protests nationwide are working to challenge law enforcement's deadly use of force against black men and women.
“I hope for the Savannah police department's sake that this would be a teachable moment,” Claiborne told The Daily Beast. “It does add some context as to why folks can be fearful of law enforcement.”
Claiborne described their client as 5-foot-3 and “130 pounds [when] soaking wet,” hardly a formidable suspect to three police officers.
“When they get nervous, they laugh,” Claiborne said of Mumford. “His default is laughter and making jokes. He's not the sort of guy someone would feel threatened or intimidated by, much less three law enforcement officers with firearms.
“He's a normal guy and they were completely terrified out of their mind,” the attorney added.
In the video, an officer gets out of their car and approaches Mumford, as they sit in their black BMW, which is parked in a driveway.
“How are you doing, sir?” the officer says. They ask Mumford, who is visibly scared, for their name. “What's your name? I'm going to ask you one more time,” the cop continues.
“OK…” Mumford replies, before answering quietly, “Patrick.”
“We probably need to talk to you, so what's your name?”
“Uh… Patrick?” they reply.
The officer orders Mumford to stand up, turn around, and place their hands on the car.
“What happened? What did I do?” Mumford asks.
“You got a warrant, dude,” the officer responds.
“I just came back from my probation officer,” Mumford cries.
Within seconds, the cop orders another officer, “Tase him! Tase him!”
Mumford sits in their car facing the police, their feet outside the vehicle and on the pavement. “I'm not getting up, man. Show me the warrant,” they say.
But the cop has already started counting down. “Three, two... all right, tase him!” they order.
A terrified Mumford raises their leg in front of him, trying to shield themselves from the stun gun. “Y'all ain't let me know what's going on,” Mumford says.
Another officer pulls the taser trigger twice.
According to Mumford's attorney, only 38 seconds passed between the cops saying hello and ordering “All right, tase him!”
The officers remove Mumford's wallet soon after. “Patrick Mumford,” one cop announces as they eye Mumford's identification card.
“How is [my probation officer] not going to tell me I have a warrant?” Mumford says, as officers hold them down, face against a white car. “Tell me I had a warrant.”
“I don't know if you got a warrant 'cause you're not who I'm looking for,” the officer replies. “But here's the deal, when I ask you for ID, because you look a lot like the person we're looking for…”
The conversation pauses when another cop tries removing a taser prong from Mumford's back. “Owwww,” Mumford is heard wailing, just before that cop mutters, “Well, that one's stuck.”
“… OK, when we ask you for ID... you give us ID,” the officer restraining Mumford demands. (The Savannah cops never mentioned asking for identification in their own reports of the incident, police records show.)
Later in the video, the lawmen explain to bystanders how they mistook one black man for another. The officer with the body camera points to Mumford, who is standing. “Who do they look a lot like?” the cop asks.
“I don't know, who?” one confused resident replies.
“He knows who it is,” the cop declares.
“So, who is it?” the neighbor cries.
“Michael,” the cop replies.
“He is NOT Michael,” the neighbor says indignantly.
“OK, I know that now, but when I walk up and ask him…” the cop trails off.
Mumford interjects, “I said, ‘My name is Patrick!' I said, ‘Patrick!'”
“The picture we got, they look exactly [alike],” one officer says in the background.
The body camera cop chimes in: “They look a lot—a good bit alike, ma'am. It's not far off. OK, are we wrong? And they don't want to give us their ID…”
Then the officer tells neighbors that Mumford's alleged interference is captured on their body camera. “When we asked them for their ID, they wanted to be not very cooperative,” the officer says. “It's all on video.”
Mumford was charged with misdemeanor obstruction. While that charge was dismissed, Mumford is still facing a probation revocation hearing that could send them to jail. (“Just because they dismissed the new charge doesn't mean they can't still go and revoke their probation,” Claiborne said.)
In October 2014, Mumford pleaded guilty to charges including misdemeanor marijuana possession and felony possession of a controlled substance, records show . As a first-time offender, they were not convicted and instead sentenced to probation.
As a result of the police department's mistake, Mumford could lose their job as a certified collision specialist. They may also be forced to drop out of college where he's pursuing their associate's degree, Claiborne said.
Messages left with the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department were not returned as of Thursday evening.
Still, arrest reports offer a glimpse into their actions.
Georgia cops were searching for Michael Bernard Clay, after getting a call from a California detective seeking to verify their Savannah residence. Clay had “turned in a phone that was involved in a robbery,” the report states.
The Savannah officers also discovered Clay had an active warrant in Cobb County for simple assault, the document reveals.
Police claim Mumford was given “numerous reasonable attempts to comply with officers, but they refused and still physically/actively resisted,” as the officer with the body camera noted in a police report reviewed by The Daily Beast.
They claim that Mumford “put their right foot up toward me as if they were going to kick me while I was aiming the Taser at him” and that Mumford “began to retreat back further into the vehicle as if they were reaching for a weapon.”
Their fellow officers echoed claims that Clay's mother, who arrived on scene, allegedly admitted their son and Mumford looked alike, the report shows.
“Mr. Clay's mother stated that they looked very similar,” one officer recalled, “and they understood how all three of us not knowing either male could believe Mr. Patrick Mumford to be Mr. Michael Clay.”
Back in 2015, Microsoft made headlines when it introduced the Surface Book, a premium convertible notebook which is still being marketed by the company as the “ultimate laptop.” Before the recently announced Surface Laptop, the Surface Book was the company's first “real laptop,” even though its dynamic fulcrum hinge clearly set it apart from the competition.
It's not clear if Microsoft could unveil a new Surface Book model this year, but the upcoming release of the Surface Laptop doesn't mean that the Redmond giant is no longer interested in hinged devices. Indeed, the company has just received a new patent for a simply called “Hinged Device” which was initially filed in November 2016 (via WinCentral) . Interestingly, the inventor is Kabir Siddiqui, the man behind another patent for a “Mobile Computing Device having a Flexible Hinge Structure” published last year.
The description of the new patent explains that “the present hinge assembly concepts can be utilized with any type of device, such as, but not limited to, notebook computers, smart phones, wearable smart devices, tablets, and/or other types of existing, developing, and/or yet to be developed devices.”
In the section that lists all the possible use cases for this hinged device concept, the patent mentions that it would be possible to use this design to allow combining two separate screens into one:
Another example can include any combination of the above and/or below examples where the device further includes a processor that generates a single graphical user interface for collective presentation across the displays when the device is in the fully open angular orientation and separate graphical user interfaces when the device is in other orientations.
As you may know, patents don't always turn into real products, but after we saw the company getting another patent for a foldable tablet earlier this year, we're really starting to see a trend. Last year, CEO Satya Nadella said that Microsoft was working on the “ultimate mobile device,” and a folding mobile device with flexible hinge infrastructure could definitely stand out in this highly competitive market.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Oh how i dont like getting out of my storyline but lets pretend this event took place BEFORE Lyo went to a private huntin the mountains XDDD*******************The Tihij Don event awoke sooo many memories in Lyo to go back to a snowy russia.It always reminded them on their long journey to find Damon in Saint Petersburg.The halter theme really inspired them to join even more. The Austro-Hungarian Huszar uniformfitted the stable perfectly now that their owning a stable in hungary and Austria x)Tough on Lyo it didn't really look like a costume,also they didnt felt like putting on a costume.Royale Pirate Stables always appeared at events in uniform-reminding imperial clothes ever since.Lyo and Damon were so happy having a sport, a modern business where they still could live their old life.But as costume Lyo tried to look like their father this time.Also RPS Duedate always had reminded them a tiny bit of their dad's cavalry horse.Before they left RPS Vidar took their arm and looked at Lyo "oh my god...you look like him. with mom's eyes": Tihij Don - traditional Christmas - Halter Event by RPS Duedate (Haflinger) Szekuly Tivadar "Lyo": Royale and Imperial Pirate Stables: Austrian Empire and Kingdom of Hungary-Uniform: k.u.k Huszar****Lyo, Duedate © by the Cursed Pirateref: own photo
From the March 2017 issue
Perversion is the essence of American culture. It's taking something built for one purpose and supercharging the designers' original intent, often literally. It's a 1953 Studebaker Champion that goes 249 mph, or a 1975 Ford F-250 with flotation tires that crosses rivers and crushes cars. It's taking a small country's agrarian, 18th-century constitution and growing an industrial, transcontinental 21st-century superpower under it. So here, in the tradition of land-speed-record Studes, the Bigfoot monster truck, and ­Marbury v. Madison, comes Flyin' Miata's 2016 MX-5 with a stonkin' V-8 in its nose.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cramming V-8s into MX-5 Miatas is now a classic American handicraft. Since way back in the early 1990s, Americans have been shoving Ford and GM small-blocks into the otherwise unassuming Mazda roadsters. The problem is that iron-block lumps designed to power Crown Vics and Caprices play havoc on a ­Miata's balance. Dive into a corner with one of those nose-heavy squids and it pirouettes like Oksana Baiul on an all-night bender.
View Photos Is a Miata still a Miata if it doesn't have Miata steering or a Miata shifter? No. The Habu is, instead, proof that the Cobra formula is still perversely appealing. SCOTT G. TOEPFER
Two things radically improve the V-8 Miata formula. First is the availability of the compact, lightweight, aluminum LS-series GM V-8 crate engines. And second is the introduction of the latest ND-generation Miata.
Flyin' Miata bolts the LS376/525 version of the 6.2-liter naturally aspirated V-8 into this ND and nicknames its creation, appropriately enough, the Habu, after a species of Japanese pit viper. Rated at 525 horsepower at 6200 rpm, it's basically the LS3 from the fifth-generation Camaro SS (normally a 430-hp affair) but with a camshaft developed for use in American Speed Association (ASA) stock-car racing. With longer duration and greater lift, the ASA cam makes more power and gives the engine a nasty, loping, Pro-Stock growl at idle. It also has a wicked, charismatic, Cup-Car snarl under load.
Mazda designed the ND Miata to be lighter, but it also has a roomier engine bay that accommodates the V-8 with relative ease. It's also the best-handling Miata ever, and its wheel wells will accept larger footwear. In other words, the ND is as close to being an ideal V-8 transplant recipient as any car since the 1962 AC Ace.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
View Photos SCOTT G. TOEPFER
Still, the ND needs fortification to ­survive the V-8's onslaught. So the Mazda transmission is ditched in favor of the familiar Tremec T-56 six-speed manual. A new aluminum driveshaft leads to a rear differential also swiped from a fifth-generation Camaro SS. Up front, a hydraulic steering rack from a Camaro replaces the electrically assisted Mazda rack. Somehow, Flyin' Miata snakes a true dual exhaust with twin transverse mufflers in there as well. So, basically, it's a Miata that swallowed a Camaro.
At 2696 pounds, this V-8 Miata weighs 380 pounds more than the last stock 2016 Miata we tested. The stock MX-5 puts 51.9 percent of its weight on the front wheels, where the Habu has 53.0 percent.
Start the V-8, and the sound is so herculean that it nearly ripples the Miata's sheetmetal as the car rocks side to side in sync with the cam lobes. It's fitted with an LS7 clutch and flywheel, but the pedal action isn't heavy and the engagement is smooth. Dipping into the throttle is as satisfying as jumping on a Stomp Rocket.
View Photos SCOTT G. TOEPFER
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Even with a gentle leave at 1100 to 1200 rpm, the engine utterly overwhelms the Miata. The entire car constricts around you, a massive crush of torque squeezing the air out of your lungs and cracking the lower vertebrae of your back. The 245/40R-17 Bridgestone Potenza RE71R tires bark under the onslaught, and the roadster thunders to 60 mph in 3.5 seconds. Hold on a bit longer, and the quarter-mile is consumed in 11.7 seconds at 123 mph. Chevrolet's 2017 Corvette Grand Sport needs 3.8 seconds to reach 60 mph and 12.2 to get through the quarter-mile. A Corvette Z06 coupe will run a couple tenths quicker than the Habu, but it feels like a pillow compared with the raw-nerve V-8 MX-5.
The Flyin' V-8 reaches 60 mph 2.7 seconds quicker than a stock Miata and runs through the quarter-mile 3.1 seconds quicker. In the 18.2 seconds it takes the stock Miata to reach 100 mph, the LS-powered car is already approaching 150 mph. This is lurid, indecent, and practically ­pornographic acceleration.
View Photos SCOTT G. TOEPFER
Like a proper aftermarket speed pusher, Flyin' Miata throws its catalog of go-fast/stop-fast products on this car. And with all the FM suspension bits, reinforced half-shafts, and oversized brakes, the V-8 car is tractable, stable, and manageable. The understeer is subdued, and the on-demand oversteer is well modulated. It can be driven just like a regular car, even if the stock stability control is disabled. “This is a high power-to-weight-ratio car; don't drive it like an idiot,” warned FM's Keith Tanner, as if idiocy wasn't a requirement for wanting one.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Flyin' Miata LS V-8 conversions start at $49,995 plus a Miata. The total chit for this car is $85,301, including $30,900 for the base Mazda GT. Not cheap, but if Carroll Shelby's name were on the car, it would be a bargain.
Thank God for the perverts who keep America great.
Found In Translation
Here's the problem: The Miata's many computers speak Mazda and the LS376 V-8's engine control computer only understands GM. “The reverse lights go through three separate modules before they can be turned on,” says Flyin' Miata's Keith Tanner. And neither GM nor Mazda likes to share its computer language. So Flyin' Miata adds an intermediary—a controller area network (CAN) computer—built by Germany's MRS Electronic to translate between the GM and Mazda hardware. “Most of the translation is done in the MRS CAN module, but a little bit of the GM code is modified,” explains Tanner. It is, however, still a work in progress as a few warning lights remain lit on the V-8 Miata's otherwise unmodified instrument panel.
Notable progress exists as a result of FM's eight years of work on the V-8 Miatas. For instance, earlier Miatas used a GM throttle pedal that is included in GM's E-Rod crate-engine conversion kit, but the ND Miata retains the Mazda pedal. “We're still working on it,” concludes Tanner. “We want to get rid of all those [warning] lights.”
Congressional Leaders, Coalition Members Call on SEC to Continue Working on Rule
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) can work on a rule requiring corporate disclosure of political spending despite a policy rider contained in the omnibus budget approved last week, the Corporate Reform Coalition and congressional leaders said today.
Twenty-eight senators and 66 House members sent a letter today to the SEC accompanied by a legal opinion explaining that the agency is free to work on a rule to require disclosure of corporate political spending – despite a provision in the omnibus spending package prohibiting the SEC from using fiscal year 2016 funds to finalize the rule. The provision does not prohibit the SEC from discussing, planning, revising, investigating or developing plans or draft proposals for such a rule, the letter and legal opinion state.
Leading signers included Sens. Charles Schumer (D-NY), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Jeff Merkley (D-OR) and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), and Reps. Michael Capuano (D-MA) and Chris Van Hollen (D-MD). The legal opinion, written at the request of the Corporate Reform Coalition, was authored by John C. Coates IV, professor of law and economics at Harvard Law School.
“Had the Act been intended to restrict the SEC from using funds made available by the Act to engage in rule proposals or steps preliminary to rule proposals, it would not have used the phrase ‘finalize, issue or implement,' but would have used the phrase ‘plan, propose, finalize, issue or implement' or similarly broad language,” the opinion reads.
“We believe that disclosure of corporate political spending has immense value for investors and should be a top priority for the Commission,” the letter from lawmakers reads. “The ability of corporate executives to spend company resources for political purposes without shareholders' knowledge raises significant investor protection and corporate governance concerns. Without transparency or disclosure, executives are free to spend funds invested by shareholders without accountability or monitoring.
The lawmakers concluded with the expectation that the agency will respect the urgency and need for the rulemaking and use its resources within the parameters of Section 707 to prepare for a final rule after fiscal year 2016. Lawmakers said they will ask for periodic updates from the agency to that end.
The Corporate Reform Coalition maintains that the SEC must protect investors and heed this request for action. Common Cause is a Corporate Reform Coalition member.
“For the sake of a functioning and accountable democracy, SEC Chair Mary Jo White should acknowledge the strong demand for a rule requiring disclosure of corporate political spending, and their agency should continue to work on the issue as allowed by the omnibus budget deal,” said Lisa Gilbert, director of Public Citizen's Congress Watch division and co-chair of the Corporate Reform Coalition.
“While Congress – unwisely – has ruled out final SEC action on a disclosure rule in 2016, nothing in the omnibus spending bill prohibits continued work on the rule-making process that stops short of final issuance. The agency may continue to evaluate, plan and propose a rule that will help educate corporate leaders and stockholders on the importance of disclosure and encourage voluntary disclosure in the upcoming election,” said Common Cause President Miles Rapoport. “Members of Congress may be educated as well, and be persuaded to support continuing and completing the rule-making process after the 2016 election.”
The SEC has received more than 1.2 million public comments in favor of political spending disclosure, including from leading academics in securities law, investment managers and advisers, 70 major endowed foundations, Vanguard founder Jack Bogle and a number of state treasurers. Additionally, a group of former SEC commissioners, including former SEC Chairs Arthur Levitt (a Democrat) and Donaldson (a Republican), and former SEC Commissioner Bevis Longstreth (a Democrat), have commented in support.
Acephalgic migraine, or "silent migraine," is a form of migraine that occurs without an actual headache. Any type of migraine—whether or not it's accompanied by an aura—can be an acephalgic migraine.
Symptoms
There are four phases of a migraine attack. These phases include:
Prodrome (or pre-headache) phase: This can start several hours or, in some cases, days before the actual migraine hits. The prodrome phase is characterized by numerous symptoms that can range from depression to diarrhea. Aura phase: "Aura" is the term for the visual disturbances that precede the head pain in a migraine attack. Neurological symptoms, such as tingling or numbness in the limbs, can also occur. Headache phase: The hallmark symptom of migraines is a one-sided headache that is often severe. The pain often comes in concert with nausea, and increased sensitivity to light, sound, and odors. Postdrome (post-headache) phase: Like the prodrome phase, the postdrome phase can last for hours or days following the headache phase. This phase can include euphoria or depression, weakness, and poor concentration.
An acephalgic migraine skips number three on this list—the headache phase.
In one study of acephalgic migraine, the most common symptom was the classic half-moon visual disturbance, where there is vision loss in half of one eye; other vision problems, and alterations in color perception, are also common.
A silent migraine can last from seconds to hours. It can occur as a single, isolated event, or may recur as often as several times a day. Just because no headache is involved, silent migraines can be extremely disruptive to daily activities.
Causes
As with migraine disease in general, the exact causes of a silent migraine are not fully understood.
Triggers for silent migraines are the same as for those that include headaches. They can include skipped meals, skimping on sleep, specific foods or types of light, and stress, among other things.
People over the age of 50 are more likely to have symptoms of acephalgic migraine. They can occur in those who have previously suffered full migraine symptoms, headache and all, or they can develop out of the blue. When they occur in older people who have had migraines before, symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, and sensitivity to light and sound tend to diminish along with the headaches, whereas autonomic symptoms and neck pain tend to increase.
Around 3 percent to 5 percent of people with chronic migraines experience acephalgic migraines sometimes.
Diagnosis
It can be especially tricky for a doctor to diagnose migraine when there is no headache. In some cases, people have mistakenly been diagnosed with epilepsy, based on the neurological symptoms present in the attacks. It's also possible to misdiagnose an acephalgic migraine as a stroke.
Specialists in this type of migraine say acephalgic migraine should be considered as a possible cause whenever there's an "acute episodic neurologic disorder," regardless of whether it includes headache symptoms.
Treatments
Treatments are the same for silent migraines as for typical migraines with headache. A variety of medications, both prescription and over-the-counter, are available. Among them are anti-inflammatory drugs (such as ibuprofen or aspirin), high blood pressure medicines (such as beta-blockers or calcium channel blockers), triptans, ergot alkaloids, and anti-CGRP(Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide) medications.
Newer treatments include devices (such as the Cefaly) that use external electrical stimulation to prevent or treat migraines. There is some evidence that disruption of electrical activity in the brain may be an early event in a migraine. The idea behind these devices is that they may alleviate altered electrical activity, preventing or reducing the symptoms of a migraine.
A Word From Verywell
Jirawiwat Thitasiri is your 2018 San Jose Regional Champion. Despite the rather important implications of this tournament, the event flew under many people's radars due to the lack of a stream as well as it's occurring right after Thanksgiving. Despite the lack of direct coverage, there are still a few interesting story lines worth talking about from this past weekend.
Results & teams (Top 8)
1. Jirawiwat Thitasiri
2. Emilio Forbes
3. Rene Alvarenga
4. Matthew Greaves
5. Karim Dabliz
6. Patrick Smith
7. Mitchell Davies
8. Sam Pandelis
As there was no stream, there isn't much to say specifically about the interesting Pokémon or teams that made it to San Jose's Top 8. One thing of note is that both Mudsdale and Muk have been picking up late season popularity. Other players seem to have resorted to teams resembling the FAKEPG archetype as a means of achieving consistent results this late into the season.
International impact
Fun fact: three out of the eight players in the Top 8 are players from outside the U.S. The overall champion, Jirawiwat Thitasiri, is a name you've probably seen before as he's been in a couple Top Cuts throughout the 2017 season.  They are a player from Thailand who is currently attending university in San Francisco. This is their first major tournament win, putting them at 250 Championship Points out of the 300 they need to qualify for the World Championships.
Another international player who was present in the Top 4 was El Salvador's own Rene Alvarenga. Coming off their 7th place finish at the 2017 World Championships, Alvarenga has been attending a few tournaments here in the states. Their finish in San Jose puts them at number one in Championship Point standings for Latin America, which has earned them a travel award to the 2018 Oceania International Championships.
Lastly, our current World Championship runner-up, Sam Pandelis was in attendance in San Jose. Pandelis funnily enough wasn't using their team that earned them that second place trophy back in Anaheim, but I'd say their team was pretty good according to popular opinion. Like Alvarenga, Pandelis is another player who has been attending events here in America who has finally earned a solid result post-worlds.
Travel awards decided
November 30th is the cutoff date for deciding travel awards based off current Championship Point standings. San Jose gave North America two more Worlds invites, bringing the total to six. The current Top 4 will receive full travel awards to Melbourne while the rest of the players in the Top 8 will receive stipends.
One notable player that earned their stipend this weekend was Ray Rizzo. Rizzo unfortunately missed the Top 32 in the Regional tournament, but thanks to a Midseason Showdown victory, Rizzo's Championship Point total of 370 was enough to place them in North America's Top 8.
Just like old times
Another veteran player who came back to competing was official Pokémon commentator Duy Ha. Seeing Duy Ha and
Ray Rizzo competing in the same event made this tournament feel like it was happening back in 2012 or '13. Ha's 5-3 finish in Swiss put them at 28th place, just above Rizzo, who finished at 34th with the same record. Prior to, as well as during the tournament, Ha's use of the hashtag #TheComebackKid could mean Ha is potentially interested in returning to their competitive roots. I wonder if any other commentators are planning their own comeback.
Buy Photo Helmetta officials are looking to ban video and picture taking in public buildings. (Photo: File photo )Buy Photo Story Highlights The borough council wants to ban people from taking photographs and videos inside public buildings, with certain exclusions
Under the proposed ordinance, a permit would have to be secured and approved by the borough before any photographs or videos could be taken on the interior of any public building.
The proposed ordinance does not apply to the taking of pictures and videoes at any meetings which are held in accordance with the Open Public Meetings Act.
A second reading is scheduled for the Sept. 24 council meeting.
The borough council wants to ban people from taking photographs and videos inside public buildings, with certain exclusions.
The ordinance comes at the heels of an incident earlier this month in which Richard Recine, working part time as a special police officer, was captured on video at the borough's Municipal Building telling Steve Wronko that "Obama has decimated the friggin' Constitution, so I don't give a damn," after Wronko insisted they have a constitutional right to take pictures inside the building.
The video, first reported by MyCentralJersey.com, went viral, and Recine later resigned. The Wronkos said they were at the Municipal Building to file public-record requests regarding the puppy they adopted from the Helmetta Regional Animal Shelter. The Wronkos said police had ordered them to stop video recording at the animal shelter during two previous incidents.
SCROLL DOWN TO SEE VIDEO
Under the proposed ordinance, a permit would have to be secured and approved by the borough before any photographs or videos could be taken on the interior of any public building. The proposed ordinance does not apply to the taking of pictures and videos at any meetings which are held in accordance with the Open Public Meetings Act.
The first reading of the proposed ordinance was unanimously approved at Wednesday's council meeting. A second reading is scheduled for the Sept. 24 meeting.
"Some pictures that have been taken are misleading," Councilwoman Yvette Bruno said. "Some pictures have been taken of underage children volunteering at the shelter. It needs to be addressed."
The American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey said the ordinance could be problematic.
"We think it's inappropriate to have such a broad based ban that would include public nonsensitive areas of public buildings," Edward Barocas, legal director at the ACLU-NJ, said.
The ordinance also states that the permit holder "shall not obstruct or impair any Borough employee from carrying out their or their duties, or interfere with the normal course of Borough business operations" and "shall not obstruct the investigation or prosecution of a crime by any member of the Helmetta Police Department."
The ordinance further states that "during the course of taking photographs or video, the permit holder shall not harass, intimidate or threaten any person, including borough employees borough officials or private citizens."
If convicted of a violation, a person is subject to a fine, fixed by Municipal Court Judge of no more than $2,000; or not more than 90 days of community service or imprisonment in the county jail for a term not to exceed 90 days.
According to the ordinance, "the borough recognizes that the taking of photographs and video inside public buildings may raise certain concerns of public importance including, but not necessarily limited to, violation of privacy rights of employees, breach of government security or the interference with the normal course of business operations... ."
The ordinance further states that "the borough acknowledges that private individuals may, in certain circumstances, have rights to take photographs or video in public places; and "these public and private rights should be balanced in determining the course of conduct to be permitted with regards to the taking of photographs and video inside public buildings in the borough."
Staff Writer Susan Loyer: 732-565-7243; sloyer@mycentraljersey.com
Read or Share this story: http://mycj.co/1tUrYLL
Published online 17 December 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news061211-18
News
Human reputation for poor sense of smell is down to lack of practice.
A dog tracks a pheasant (top) in much the same way that a volunteer student tracks some chocolate (bottom). Jess Porter, UC Berkeley
If you think only hounds can track a scent trail, think again: people can follow their noses too, a new study says. And they do so in a way very similar to dogs, suggesting we're not so bad at detecting smells — we're just out of practice.
Scientists have found that humans have far fewer genes that encode smell receptors than do other animals such as rats and dogs. This seemed to suggest that we're not as talented at discerning scents as other beasts, perhaps because we lost our sense of smell when we began to walk upright, and lifted our noses far away from the aroma-rich earth.
A team of neuroscientists and engineers, led by Noam Sobel of the University of California, Berkeley, and the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel, decided to test this conventional wisdom.
The team first laid down a 10-metre-long trail of chocolate essential oil in a grass field (the scent was detectable but not strong or overpowering). Then they enlisted 32 Berkeley undergraduates, blindfolded them, blocked their ears and set them loose in the field to try to track the scent. Each student got three chances to track the scent in ten minutes; two-thirds of the subjects finished the task. And when four students practiced the task over three days, they got better at it.
Next, the team tested how the students were following the trails. They counted how many whiffs of air each student took while tracking the scent trail, and tested the effect of blocking one nostril at a time. The scientists found that humans act much like dogs do while tracking a scent, sniffing repeatedly to trace the smell's source. They didn't do so well with one blocked nostril, suggesting that the stereo effect of two nostrils helps people to locate odours in space.
The study proves that humans aren't so bad at smelling after all, says neuroscientist Gordon Shepherd of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.
Smart scents
Shepherd has argued that although we have fewer odour receptors than other animals, we may compensate for this with an improved ability to analyse scent information with our large brains1. We may just seem worse at tracking scents because we don't practice this skill from birth, the way that dogs do, they argue.
"We have a much better sense of smell than rats and dogs because of our greater brainpower," says Shepherd. "This shows that in a few training sets, humans can achieve something that other animals spend their life being trained to do."
But although the human tracking power seems to have been previously underappreciated, this doesn't mean that people can also smell as wide a range of substances, at as low a level, as animals can.
ADVERTISEMENT
Dogs are still better at picking up the whiff of a particular person from a discarded item of clothing, or alerting officials to traces of drugs, explosives and other contraband, says neuroscientist Jess Porter of the University of California, Berkeley, and first author on the paper, which is published online by Nature Neuroscience2.
"Our work certainly proves that if you can smell something, you can improve your ability to track it. So if you walk by a bakery on your way to work and you can smell it, you can probably close your eyes and find your way to the bakery by your nose," says Porter. "That's more likely than sniffing out a bomb."
Visit our trackscentsinsame_wa.html">newsblog to read and post comments about this story.
Though a deeply divided Congress is currently considering Internet website censorship legislation, the US has no such official policy—not even for child porn, which is voluntarily blocked by some ISPs. Nor does the US have a government-backed "three strikes" or "graduated response" system of escalating warnings to particular users accused of downloading music and movies from file-sharing networks.
Yet here was the ultimatum that the US Embassy in Madrid gave the Spanish government in February 2008: adopt such measures or we will punish you. Thanks to WikiLeaks, we have the text of the diplomatic cable announcing the pressure tactics.
We propose to tell the new government that Spain will appear on the Watch List if it does not do three things by October 2008. First, issue a [Government of Spain] announcement stating that Internet piracy is illegal, and that the copyright levy system does not compensate creators for copyrighted material acquired through peer-to-peer file sharing. Second, amend the 2006 “circular” that is widely interpreted in Spain as saying that peer-to-peer file sharing is legal. Third, announce that the GoS [Government of Spain] will adopt measures along the lines of the French and/or UK proposals aimed at curbing Internet piracy by the summer of 2009.
The Watch List referenced is the US Trade Representative's "Special 301" list, updated annually. Spain was duly put on the list in 2008 after failing to take such measures. ("The United States is concerned by the Spanish government's inadequate efforts to address the growing problem of Internet piracy, described by U.S. copyright industries as one of the worst in Europe," said the 2008 report.) Spanish copyright holders applauded the move; indeed, the cables show that they repeatedly asked US officials to make it.
Spain certainly has a huge community of pirates and there are many that doesn't expect to pay for downloaded content (some of this is due to rampant consumer confusion over a levy paid on blank media, which many believe covers such activity). Even the Spanish Secretary of State conceded in 2008 that "Spanish internet users were very heavy consumers of illicit content." But how to address the issue? Perhaps by putting someone from the film industry in charge of Internet piracy policy?
Meet the Minister
Spain got a new Culture Minister in 2009—Ángeles González-Sinde Reig, who was formerly the head of the Academia de las Artes y las Ciencias Cinematográficas de España (Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts & Sciences). Sinde quickly promoted the "Sinde Law," a plan to give a government committee the power to blacklist Internet sites trafficking in copyrighted files. Helpfully, the content industries already had a list of 200 sites drawn up for banning.
Sinde recognized the obvious conflict between their new position and their old one for the film industry; as the US embassy put it in a cable, "she also acknowledged the importance of fighting any perception that they were only interested in piracy for personal reasons, and they have taken a relatively low public profile on the issue in their first months." Privately, however, "she is actively engaged in the fight against piracy."
Though Sinde repeatedly stressed that they had no intention of going after individual file-swappers, private communications made clear that this was only a starting position. In December 2009, the embassy noted the familiar pattern of IP litigation: always demand more, but do so in stages.
"While many content providers wish the government would go further, they also believe these measures probably represent the most that can be achieved at this point and that accepting them will enhance rights-holders' ability to press the government for more stringent measures in the future," said the cable.
In 2010, Sinde told the US ambassador not to worry about the legislation being watered down. "The Minister replied that the Government has committed to trying this approach first, and if it doesn't prove effective, they will come back with additional and perhaps stronger measures," said a cable. The thumbscrews can always be tightened further.
The US arranged to aid Sinde, and it lobbied hard for their measure, even carrying their position to other Spanish opposition parties to request their support. The goal wasn't simply to affect Spanish law; Sinde's "receptivity also gives us an opportunity during Spain's EU presidency to influence developments beyond Spain," one cable noted.
Barking dogs
Resistance from locals was fierce. The US embassy, which enthusiastically supported the Sinde law, noted that "serious challenges" lay ahead, that the law was opposed by Internet groups and lawyers, and that "the outcome is uncertain."
Still, the government didn't think much of the opposition. Carlos Guervos, Deputy Director for Intellectual Property at the Ministry of Culture, told the US ambassador that "the dogs bark but the caravan moves on" and that the law would be passed.
The dogs put up a good fight, though. As the BBC noted, "Last year hacktivist group Anonymous organised a protest at the Goya Awards—Spain's equivalent of the Oscars—which saw several hundred people in Guy Fawkes masks booing the minister of culture while applauding Alex de la Iglesia, then-president of the Spanish Film Academy. The movie director had previously voiced opposition to the Sinde law on Twitter and later resigned over the issue."
Then in late 2010, opposition parties managed to halt the bill in parliament. On December 21, the Electronic Frontier Foundation declared victory and said that a committee had "just stripped the website shut-down provision from the Sustainable Economy Bill"—in part due to the revelations about US pressure.
But the government found a way to bypass the barking mutts, leaving the law for the incoming administration to handle after November 2011. (The law was so unpopular that the former administration elected not approve it after huge levels of animosity surfaced on social networking sites.) The new government did so quickly, passing a modified version of the Sinde law—judges will now have to issue the actual blacklist order, for instance.
Why the sudden movement? US pressure again played a role. As El País reported yesterday, the US ambassador sent a letter to Spanish government officials on December 12, 2011, in which Spain was blasted for not getting the job done. The US could move to put Spain on its Section 301 "priority" watch list, a more severe designation which could carry the threat of trade penalties.
Within weeks, the new Spanish government came through.
Paella and process
Whatever you think of the resulting legislation, the process was grotesque: the Spanish film industry got one of its officials into power, then promoted a tough new law backed by the threats (and even active lobbying) of the US government—though the US didn't take the same measures itself.
As for the US position, it too was informed by self-interested Hollywood sources. "[US] Ambassador Solomont said they had heard a great deal about Spain's Internet piracy problem, from MPAA [Motion Picture Association of America] CEO [Dan] Glickman and others," said a February 2010 diplomatic cable, "and asked where things stand with the government's legislative proposal on shutting down or blocking pirate websites."
"We cast our minds back to the time of censorship, of the dictator."
Hollywood exerts such pressure around the world, and the US State Department is generally willing to support a major American export industry like the movie business. The MPAA was behind a high-profile Australian legal battle in which it attempted to force a major Internet provider to cut off subscribers' access without a judicial order. At Hollwyood's behest, the US government has pushed hard in Canada for stricter theater camcording laws and tougher IP enforcement; the US threatened Canada with going on the "Priority" Special 301 Watch List in 2008 after Canada proved slow to act. WikiLeaks cables even showed that the US Embassy in New Zealand was drafting plans for the US taxpayer to spend half a million New Zealand dollars to bankroll a private intellectual property enforcement unit run by major rightsholders in the region.
That's how the legislative paella gets made, but the paella-eaters don't have to like it. Víctor Domingo Prieto, head of Spain's Asociación de Internautas (Association of Internet Users), said this week in an over-the-top statement that the Sinde Law makes Internet users "cast our minds back to the time of censorship, of the dictator."
For its part, a Spanish government spokesperson said that "Spain joins the international standard in the fight against piracy" with the passage of the new law.
The "borderless Internet"? Despite the hopes and fears of the 1990s, the Internet has turned out to be quite "borderable" after all. The Sinde Law simply tosses one more shovel-full of dirt on the idea's coffin. Digital borders, like borders everywhere, will always leak, but sufficiently determined governments can and will erect them on the 'Net. Especially with the US government pushing hard to erect them.
Recently I've been building something using Three.js, and started out by basing my code on one of the many excellent examples. Soon enough I was in a world of bliss, full of lights and shaders and all the other niceness gives you.
Unfortunately, my JavaScript code quickly started to get a bit bloated and hard to navigate, and I decided that it was to time to split up my code into separate files and modules to make it more manageable. I couldn't find much guidance on how others had done this in the past, so I decided to roll my own solution using Require.js. The result is amd-three.js, with a live example here.
amd-three.js is meant as a starting point for more involved projects involving three.js, where having all the code in one file can quickly get unwieldy. It is also useful for prototyping, as a lot of the boilerplate is moved out of your way.
Require.js in 29 seconds
If you haven't come across Require.js, it is a JavaScript module loader. With it you can split your code into modules, passing in dependencies and having Require.js figure out how to link stuff up for you.
A module, container.js might look like this:
define( ["three"], function( THREE ) { return document.getElementById( 'threejs-container' ); } );
…while a module that includes container.js like this:
define( ["three", "container"], function( THREE, container ) { // do something with container } );
That should give you enough of an idea of what Require.js does, for more detail see http://requirejs.org
amd-three.js structure
Following Require.js convention, the JavaScript file structure is like so:
/js/ |--require.js |--main.js /app/ |--app.js |--camera.js |-- other app files /lib/ |--three.js |--three.min.js |-- other three.js components
This is the entry point into the code, where we configure require.js and start the app.
Here we have the meat of the app, with two methods init() and animate() , which main.js will call for us to get the app running.
The lib directory is for storing the three.js library and extensions. More on this below.
app.js
When you first check out the amd-three.js source, the first place you'll likely want to go to make modifications is /app/app.js . Here's how it might look:
define( ["three", "camera", "geometry", "light", "material", "renderer", "scene"], function( three, camera, geometry, light, material, renderer, scene ) { var app = { mesh: new THREE.Mesh( geometry["cube"], material["grass"] ), init: function() { scene.add( app.mesh ); light.target = app.mesh; }, animate: function() { requestAnimationFrame( app.animate ); app.mesh.rotation.x += 0.005; renderer.render( scene, camera ); } } return app; } );
As you can see, quite a few dependencies are being passed in. These are all located in files with corresponding names, e.g. the source to the camera object is in app/camera.js .
The above code first creates a mesh ( app.mesh ) from a geometry ( geometry["cube"] ) and a material ( material["grass"] ). The init method then adds it to the scene and points the light at it. Finally, the animate method rotates our mesh and tells our renderer to render.
Singletons
The modules that we depend on in app.js also have dependencies, and it is often the case that these dependencies are shared with app.js . For example, light.js needs to know about the scene so that it can add itself to it:
define( ["three", "scene"], function( THREE, scene ) { var light = new THREE.DirectionalLight( 0xff3bff ); light.position.set( 0, 0, 300 ); scene.add( light ); return light; } );
An important thing to realize is that the scene object being passed in here is the same scene object that app.js receives – as Require.js only initializes the modules once. As such, we can be sure that the light will shine on the same scene that we later add the mesh to.
Bundling up three.js
Unfortunately, three.js currently doesn't come as an AMD module and as such we need to build a shim around it, so we can include it in other modules. For details on how this is done, see the Require.js documentation. One thing to note is that the /lib/three.js file is used to bring together all of the Three.js components, so that we don't have to inject them all separately every time we want to use Three.js.
Also, the shim does not remove the THREE object from the global namespace, so technically we don't need to pass it in as an explicit dependency into our modules. However, it is good for future compatibility to do so, so that our code continues to work when an AMD-compliant Three.js module does appear.
…well?
I'd love to hear from others who have created larger projects with Three.js about their experiences, and views on this approach. Be sure to check out the code on github as well as the live example
With former leader Gilles Duceppe taking over the leadership of the Bloc Québécois (BQ) from Mario Beaulieu, the only party able to threaten the NDP in Quebec has raised its game.
The Trudeau Liberals have failed to gain traction in francophone Quebec; Conservative support has been limited to the Quebec City area; and the NDP looks comfortably ahead across Quebec, a position Duceppe wants to overturn.
NDP strength meant the BQ -- the party that won 49 per cent of the Quebec vote in 1993, and made Lucien Bouchard Leader of the Official Opposition in Ottawa -- was looking at being shut out in the upcoming October 19 federal election.
In response to vanishing electoral prospects, Beaulieu was having trouble recruiting candidates, and over lunch (as reported by Daniel Leblanc in the Globe) invited Duceppe to take their place.
Polling results (Léger–Le Devoir–Le Journal de Montréal) from June 13 show the BQ gaining 10 points with the arrival of Duceppe. At 26-per-cent support, the BQ overtook the Liberals, whose support is concentrated in the Montreal area, and moved to second place behind the NDP.
Despite not having party status in the House of Commons, and hampered by defections and internal splits, the BQ continued to attract support from 16 per cent of the Quebec voting public, or about one-half of convinced sovereignty supporters, before the leadership switch.
Even with a weak, controversial leader in Beaulieu, and with no public presence, the BQ was showing as much support as the Conservatives.
The challenge for Duceppe will be to make sovereignty a federal election issue in a Quebec campaign more likely to be focused on getting rid of Stephen Harper.
A strong delegation of BQ members would make it more likely Harper could continue to govern, since neither the NDP nor the Liberals could allow the BQ even a supporting role in a coalition or minority government.
The promotion of sovereignty by Pierre Karl Péladeau (PKP) as part of their accession to the Parti Québécois (PQ) leadership helped encourage the return of Gilles Duceppe to active politics. With assurances of PQ support from PKP, Duceppe decided to resume the position they resigned after losing their own seat, when their party fell from 47 seats to four in the 2011 election.
Coupled with the memories of the near miss in the 1995 referendum provoked by the passing of Jacques Parizeau, the sovereignty movement is determined to make a show of strength by again sending a strong delegation to Ottawa. Winning 12 seats or more and regaining party status in Ottawa would be enough to secure the BQ a place in debates over the future of Quebec.
The last time Duceppe played the sovereignty card, it did not work out for the BQ. In advance of the disastrous 2011 campaign Duceppe announced their party would feature a renewed emphasis on the importance of sovereignty for Quebec. As part of their pre-campaign strategy, Duceppe undertook an international tour to promote sovereignty, speaking in Washington, Paris, and the U.K, in addition to Canadian audiences. The audience at home was not impressed.
Duceppe is a noted trade union activist with a past in the leftist politics of 1970s Montreal. Their father, Jean Duceppe, was widely known as a star of the Quebec stage. Their personal popularity and standing make them an important figure in Quebec politics.
After Duceppe took over the leadership in 1997, on a day-to-day basis the BQ turned out to be an effective left opposition to the Liberals, succeeding in limiting the ability of Jean Chrétien to win majority support in their home province, despite two campaigns (1997, 2000) in which the Liberals won majority governments.
First entering Parliament through a 1990 byelection in Laurier-Saint-Marie, held to replace the deceased Liberal member Jean-Claude Malépart, a popular defender of social liberalism, Duceppe was the first BQ member elected.
The BQ was born in the House of Commons in 1990 following the resignation of Lucien Bouchard from the Mulroney cabinet over their concerns that the Conservatives were selling out Quebec interests to get a constitutional agreement with all provinces.
In the turmoil surrounding the Meech Lake Accord, Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa suggested to Bouchard that they create a Quebec first voting bloc in Ottawa to support the Quebec provincial Liberal efforts to entrench "distinct society" status in the Constitution.
Both Progressive Conservative and Liberal House of Commons members crossed the floor to join Bouchard in the fledgling BQ.
The BQ presence across the aisles from three successive Chrétien Liberal governments had the unexpected consequence of giving the French language more prominence in House of Commons proceedings than it had ever previously enjoyed.
For sovereignty supporters, the BQ was going to undermine the legitimacy of Ottawa as representative of Quebec by showing how federalism acted against Quebec interests and served to maintain Quebec City in a colonial relationship with the federal government.
The Bloc played a key role in building support for the "Yes" forces in 1995. It made unemployment insurance an issue, capitalizing on how the unemployed were being cheated by a federal government uninterested in their fate. Instead of receiving the payments paid for in insurance premiums, claimants were being refused unemployment insurance benefits.
With skilled members such as Francine Lalonde, Yvan Loubier, and Pierre Paquette on the front bench, the Bloc uncovered how the Chrétien Liberals used unemployment insurance premiums to pay down the federal deficit, while denying benefits to the unemployed.
In its attack on the ill-fated sponsorship program, the BQ destroyed the reputation of the Liberals in Quebec, and in the 2004 election returned in force to the House of Commons, winning 54 seats.
With the BQ using the revelations of the Gomery commission (naively appointed by Paul Martin) to further discredit the Liberals, the Harper Conservatives won a minority government in 2006, and the BQ held on to 51 seats.
In their comeback campaign, Duceppe still has to declare where they will run. Will they choose to take on Tom Mulcair in Outremont, where BQ voters helped turn this Liberal fortress into NDP territory; or will they seek a rematch in their former riding against knowledgeable NDP foreign affairs expert Hélène Laverdière; or will they look for safer grounds?
Gilles Duceppe will face some serious questions from Quebec voters. Each Bloc member elected means one less person able replace a Conservative on the government side of the House of Commons. Why replace a progressive NDP member with a Bloc member? And why bring the sovereignty fight to Ottawa when there are so many serious issues neglected by Harper that need to be addressed by a new government in which Quebec is strongly represented, climate change first among them?
Duncan Cameron is the president of rabble.ca and writes a weekly column on politics and current affairs.
Photo: Stephen Downes/flickr
Authored by Andrei Akulov via The Strategic Culture Foundation,
The US Constitution says that only Congress can declare war for an extended time but there is a workaround.
Congress approved the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF), giving the president the authority to track down and destroy al-Qaeda and the Taliban. The resolution stipulates that “The President is authorized to use all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons they determine planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, or harbored such organizations or persons, in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States by such nations, organizations or persons.”
The resolution's 2002 version gave President Bush the authority to invade Iraq.
Only 25 percent of the current members of Congress in the House and Senate were present when the current AUMFs were passed.
Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., and several other Democrats are asking whether a new law authorizing the use of military force should be written.
They are planning to introduce legislation that would prohibit Trump from starting a pre-emptive war against North Korea, absent an imminent threat or without express authorization from Congress. They call for one without a sunset date, saying that Congress needs to have a voice.
The deadly incident in Niger last month ignited a push among many members of Congress to update the legal parameters for combat operations overseas. The revelation that the US is at war in Niger, without Congress even knowing, was startling. This is the perfect illustration of the US's permanent war posture around the world, where battles are waged with little or no public scrutiny and no congressional authorization. All previous attempts to ditch the old authorization and force Congress to craft a new one have failed. For years now, Congress has abdicated its responsibility to debate and vote on US wars.
This time lawmakers mentioned the possibility of using military force in crises involving North Korea, Iran and Venezuela, as well as the ongoing efforts against multiple militant groups that did not exist at the time the AUMF came into force. The AUMF authorized military actions only against al Qaeda, the Taliban and other perpetrators of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
During testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on October 30, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis opposed the idea of rewriting the legislation in force and told the lawmakers demanding a new war authorization that existing laws governing combat operations are legally sufficient.
The two secretaries explained that the executive branch has the power to launch an attack in certain circumstances where US citizens and national security interests are being imminently threatened. Tillerson and Mattis declined to make precise whether they see North Korea as an imminent threat to be dealt with without congressional approval.
They also said the AUMF should not be repealed until a replacement is in place. The top officials believe that repealing the law prematurely could signal the United States is backing away from the fight against terrorists. They cautioned senators against imposing restrictions on American military forces using force overseas, should Congress decide to write new AUMF legislation, as it would allow the enemy "to seize the initiative."
Tillerson and Mattis told the committee that a new war authorization should not have time constraints or geographic constraints. Their view has strong support. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) appeared to cast doubt on the need to pass a new AUMF as it would “send the wrong message to our allies and our adversaries that we are not united and committed to victory.”
Backers of a new AUMF say the 2001 authorization has let presidents wage war wherever they like, without answering to Congress, or the public. According to them, the current law is used as a pretext for using force abroad against the forces that have no relation to the perpetrators of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Republican Senator Rand Paul believes that Congress has surrendered its war-making power to the White House. In September, they tried to repeal the current authorization, saying it allowed the president to engage in war "anywhere, anytime, anyplace on the globe". There are disagreements about what a new authorization should look like prevent the repeal of the current AUMF or introduction of a new legislation. It seems unlikely that a new law will be introduced to be considered by Congress - at least not soon.
Meanwhile the AUMF, the open-ended document, is used to justify operations in many countries across the world with neither an exit strategy nor a defined goal. The combat actions are waged in Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. It opened the door for attacks in on Pakistan and Mali and the new drone bases in Niger and Djibouti. There are many more involvements under the veil of “train and assist” missions. US commandos are operating in 137 countries. Drone campaigns are intensified in many countries, especially in Africa. Unmanned aerial vehicles attacks have quadrupled under President Trump. The administration still wants to increase drone strikes and commando raids. The US military presence in other countries is mushrooming.
In 2013, business person Donald Trump tweeted, “The president must get congressional approval before attacking Syria — big mistake if they do not!” Having become President, Donald Trump appears to forget their own admonition. Some time ago, the president said they would avoid interventions in foreign conflicts. Instead of investing in wars, they would spend money to build up America's aging roads, bridges and airports. Easily said and easily forgotten.
The legislation - a writ for war without temporal or geographic limits - allows any president a boundless and unchecked ability to start wars. No checks and balances are in place. A strike can be delivered anywhere anytime without deliberations. Meanwhile, the United States continues to conduct covert endless shadow wars under the radar and beyond any scrutiny. The president is free to launch a war on a whim.
Travis County District Attorney Margaret Moore is dramatically shifting how prosecutors oversee investigations into police shootings — among the most politically sensitive and complicated cases their office handles.
In a break from longstanding practice, Moore will no longer present all cases in which police use lethal force to a grand jury and will instead evaluate each one to determine whether a shooting was possibly a criminal act. They will only take cases to grand jurors if they think the shooting was unlawful or if facts about what happened are in dispute.
Unlike predecessors, who have viewed grand juries as independent reviewers best equipped to determine whether to indict an officer, Moore said they also will issue an opinion, with help from the new Civil Rights Division they have established, and provide a recommendation "as to the legal sufficiency of a case."
"I recognize that the handling of officer-involved shootings are a matter of great division in this community, and I wanted to see if there was something the DA's office could do," Moore told the American-Statesman. "The words we heard over and over again is that people want accountability. The DA who was elected by citizens of this county is accountable, and I'm assuming that accountability."
WATCH: Officer who shot naked, unarmed teen — ‘I defended myself'
Moore plans to announce the changes, which are effective immediately, in a news conference Wednesday. In recent weeks, they have been meeting with community members — including civil rights groups, the Austin police union and other elected leaders — to discuss their plans and solicit feedback.
"I think it is a very innovative approach," said Nelson Linder, president of the Austin chapter of the NAACP. "I think the really controversial cases are going to be addressed, but, if it is a case that isn't controversial, they are going to issue an opinion to the community about why. I think it's a great idea, and I think it is courageous."
Others, including the Austin police union, said they also support the changes.
Travis County grand juries have rarely indicted police officers for using deadly force, even in cases that were highly controversial and in which community groups called for officers to be arrested and charged.
WATCH: Woman sues police over 2012 shooting on Sixth Street
Dozens of cases have been presented to them over the years, but jurors have indicted only one officer in the past decade.
Former Austin police Detective Charles Kleinert was charged with manslaughter in the 2013 shooting of Larry Jackson, but the case was later moved to federal court and dismissed. It remains on appeal.
Less review for ‘clean' shootings
Nationally and across Texas, policies vary among local prosecutors about how they handle police shooting cases. Some prosecutors present all fatal shootings to grand juries, while others are more selective.
Rob Kepple, executive director of the Texas District and County Attorneys Association, said local practices depend on a variety of factors, including the mindset of prosecutors.
"There is no model," they said. "I guess the question for the public is, in cases where there are issues, are the cases getting the attention they need? That's probably a case-by-case, jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction issue."
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW: When big news breaks, we send Breaking News emails. Click to sign up
Grand juries to which Moore and other prosecutors will present cases will be seated through random selection of registered voters and impaneled for three-month terms. The first such grand jury was chosen last week, and Moore said officials are still trying to determine which cases they will hear.
Traditionally, Travis County felony prosecutors have presented all lethal force shootings to a grand jury, whether a suspect was hit by an officer's fire or not. They have also done so in cases in which officers were heralded for their actions by using lethal force to save lives or ending a public threat.
That was the case, for instance, for Austin police officer Carlos Lopez, who a grand jury no-billed 11 months after they shot and killed a gunman who was randomly shooting inside the downtown Omni hotel. The gunman had already shot and killed taxi driver Conrado Contreras by the time Lopez arrived.
It also happened with Austin police Sgt. Adam Johnson, who a grand jury declined to indict in 2015 for shooting and killing a man in downtown Austin who was standing in the middle of Eighth Street firing a rifle at police headquarters, and had already sprayed several government buildings with gunfire.
WATCH: Officer stopped gunman with one pistol shot from 100 yards
Moore said those cases often have taken months to present to a grand jury because of workload and a backlog of other cases, leaving officers in limbo and sometimes preventing police officials from closing administrative investigations.
"The way the process has gone the past few years, even if it was a clean shooting, it was painful for them and their families when they had to wait nine, 10 months for a grand jury," said Ken Casaday, president of the Austin police union. "It will be a relief for officers and their families, especially in cases where it is clear the officer acted appropriately, which is the large majority of our cases."
DA to make public statements
Moore said they think grand juries should be reserved for when investigators think an officer might have committed a crime.
Under their new policy, they and prosecutors plan to issue a public statement in instances in which they opt not to take a case to grand juries. At that time, they will release information from the investigation. (Investigative information in cases that are presented and not indicted would be released at the end of the grand jury review. Information in cases that result in an indictment would be withheld until the case is resolved.)
Moore said although prosecutors haven't traditionally provided an opinion of a shooting case to grand juries, they think it is appropriate for them to do so. They added that prosecutors often do so in other types of cases.
"We should be telling the community our assessment of a case straight up," they said. "We shouldn't go to a grand jury to cover our actions or our opinions."
Under their plan, prosecutors will continue to go to police shooting scenes, which prosecutors have done for years. Moore said they also plan to go to those scenes as well to increase the visibility of their office.
They said that, although they can't predict how grand juries will perceive a case, they hope the public will trust their work and that of prosecutors.
"I can't guarantee the outcomes of these cases," Moore said. "I can guarantee the process."
FIA Racing Director Charlie Whiting says there will not be a pursuit of a hybrid prototype of the Halo and the Aerscreen cockpit protection devices which have been demonstrated this year and will see the development of the Halo continue for its expected introduction in 2018.
After originally being lined up for a 2017 introduction, the cockpit protection device has been deferred for at least a year in order to give more drivers opportunities to experiment with it while adding more time to the development.
The Halo has been sounded out as the preferred cockpit protection solution, while Red Bull trialled its own version called the Aeroscreen which provides a fortified Perspex screen into front of a driver's head.
Despite conceding the Aeroscreen could potentially provide a higher safety standard statistically, Whiting says the FIA won't experiment with a hybrid of the two units over the next 18 months.
"I don't think there's any possibility at this stage of any hybrid," Whiting said. "We know that the Halo is being tested with a wheel being thrown at it - a wheel and upright assembly, which is 20kgs - at 225 kph, which is a pretty awesome thing to watch. The Halo is there principally to look into the way drivers have been hit by wheels but also where we've seen cars in contact with walls, for example.
"It can withstand a load 15 times the weight of the car, so that's twice as strong as the current roll structure. But of course when you look at the small objects coming towards it, we've done a paper study to theoretically throw over a million angles and different scenarios, and we conclude that 17 per cent of the time, it will deflect something from the driver.
"The Aeroscreen obviously offers the screen, which is in addition to the Halo that provides more or less complete protection from the front. But the downsides are that it gets dirty and needs to be cleaned or it rains."
READ: All F1 drivers urged to trial halo in 2016 by the FIA
The FIA is planning to increase its testing with the Halo with the possibility of running it on an F1 car at Spa and Monza, while there is also interest to see how it impacts visibility in night and evening races like Singapore and Abu Dhabi.
Why Do We Carve Jack-O-Lanterns on Halloween?
October is here. Chances are you will be heading to a local pumpkin patch very soon to choose the perfect pumpkin for your porch or walkway. You've probably been doing this for many years. But did it ever occur to you exactly WHY you do it? Here's a little history about why we carve jack-o-lanterns.
The actual carving of a gourd began over 700 years ago when the Maori used them for lanterns. The jack-o-lantern custom is believed to have begun in Ireland in the 19th century. These lighted gourds were carved with horrific faces and used to scare the spirits away from people's homes. Sometimes they were used to frightening people as well. The festival of Samhain, as Halloween was known, was a very scary time for some and they did what they could to feel safe. The souls of the dead were said to roam the earth at this time, and the lighted gourds were supposed to keep them at bay.
Today, most people head to a Sherman Oaks Halloween store to pick up all their Halloween decorations and costumes, and to search for pumpkins as well. There are plenty of local farmers markets and stores where you can choose the perfect pumpkin for your special jack-o-lantern. Some people prefer tall skinny ones to make a stretched face. Others would rather have a short, fat pumpkin to make a rounded character. There are those expert pumpkin carvers who make extremely intricate carvings, or who do “scrapings” instead, where they scrape the outside skin from the pumpkin and have the light glow through the pumpkin itself.
No matter what your preference in this holiday tradition, you can find the perfect pumpkin to meet your needs. Add some gourds to your setting as well and make it extra spooky. And be sure to stop at the Glendale Halloween Store to find all your Halloween costumes and decorations. They have everything you need to get your house and yard in the Halloween spirit .
And you just might want to carve a few extra pumpkins to set around your house. Just in case.
Travel ban may have very negative impact on USD long-term: Faber 2:54 AM ET Mon, 30 Jan 2017 | 03:12
But, according to Faber - who is often known as "Dr. Doom" for their usually pessimistic views - the repercussions are likely to be long term.
"I think this travel ban, psychologically, will have a very negative impact in the long run on the U.S. dollar and U.S. assets."
Faber referred to the U.S.'s large trade and current account deficits and said that going forward investors are likely to look less favorably on the U.S. which has hereto experienced a market rally since Trump's election in November. On Wednesday, the Dow Jones broke 20,000 for the first time.
Calling 2017 "the year of disappointments", Faber is countering market consensus and said that investors should be short U.S. dollar and U.S. stocks and long emerging markets.
"As we go into 2017, the consensus is that inflation will go up … And you want to be overweight U.S. stocks … but protectionism, I guarantee you, is not going to be good for the U.S."
-CNBC's Javier David contributed to this report.
There are 927 days between today and Jan. 1, 2016. And yet, Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill chose today to announce their support for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's potential presidential bid in three years time.
Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill endorses Hillary Clinton for president today. AP Photo.
“It's important that we start early, building a grassroots army from the ground up, and effectively using the tools of the Internet – all things that President Obama did so successfully – so that if Hillary does decide to run, we'll be ready to help them win," McCaskill said in a release sent Tuesday morning from "Ready for Hillary", a super PAC supporting a Clinton bid in 2016.
The question isn't why McCaskill endorsed Hillary -- there's no one else you would even think about endorsing at this point -- but rather why they did it now. Here are two possible reasons:
1. McCaskill was one of the leading -- and most effective -- spokespeople for then Illinois Sen. Barack Obama in 2008. That was a good thing for McCaskill then, but less so now -- particularly because of their history with the Clintons. Remember that in the fall of 2006, McCaskill went on "Meet the Press" and said this about Bill Clinton: "I think he's been a great leader but I don't want my daughter near him." Oomph. By endorsing Clinton so early, McCaskill is saying "I wasn't with you then but I am, big time, now." She's trying to heal the wound created by their endorsement and advocacy of the man who beat Clinton five years ago.
2. McCaskill knows that their political future in Missouri is a difficult one. They almost certainly would not be in the Senate right now if Republicans hadn't nominated Todd "legitimate rape" Akin in 2012. Missouri has moved from a swing state to a GOP-leaning one in the last decade and there's no reason to believe, demographically speaking, that it will move back toward Democrats any time soon.
That means that McCaskill will face a VERY difficult race in 2018. They know that and may well be looking at their other political options -- one of which would be to serve in a Clinton Cabinet. The best way to set yourself up for that possibility is to pick a candidate as early as possible -- see Tim Kaine's endorsement of Obama in 2007 -- and then work like hell to try to get them elected.
It's also worth noting when analyzing McCaskill's calculation that they undoubtedly believe that Clinton is the person best equipped to handle the rigors of the presidency in the 2016 field. But, politicians never -- repeat: never -- do things without thinking of the impact on them and their careers. And McCaskill is a politician.
Ocean Software, the company responsible for porting Rastan to home computers, has discovered a demo for Rastan on the Atari ST. This is a unique discovery since Ocean Software were not known for their 16-Bit computer ports (they had none at the time of this release). This is a game that was originally intended to be released in 1987 making this quite an old undiscovered release.
For those that do not know what Rastan, or Rastan Saga as it was also known, is read on. For those that do skip this paragraph. Taito created their version of the popular “barbarian” style game that was popularized by Arnold Shwarzeneggar in the movie Conan years earlier. Rastan is a 2D side scrolling action title pitting you against monsters and various generic creatures. Computers that Rastan was ported to include the Apple IIGS, Commodore 64, DOS and MSX.
From screenshots released by Ocean Software, this version of Rastan is very early in development. No enemies or weapons were programmed into this demo based on the version on the floppy disk.
Source: Retro Game Network
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
More
Skype
WhatsApp
Telegram
Pocket
Print
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
In case you were wondering why Republicans can't become more electable.
In case you were wondering why Republicans can't become more electable.
The [young, working-class] all-female focus group [in Ohio] began with a sobering assessment of the Obama economy. All of the women spoke gloomily about the prospect of paying off student loans, about what they believed to be Social Security's likely insolvency and about their children's schooling. A few of them bitterly opined that the Democrats care little about the working class but lavish the poor with federal aid. “You get more off welfare than you would at a minimum-wage job,” observed one of them. Another added, “And if you have a kid, you're set up for life!” About an hour into the session, Anderson walked up to a whiteboard and took out a magic marker. “I'm going to write down a word, and you guys free-associate with whatever comes to mind,” they said. The first word they wrote was “Democrat.” “Young people,” one woman called out. “Liberal,” another said. Followed by: “Diverse.” “Bill Clinton.”“Change.”“Open-minded.”“Spending.”“Handouts.”“Green.”“More science-based.” When Anderson then wrote “Republican,” the outburst was immediate and vehement: “Corporate greed.”“Old.”“Middle-aged white men.” “Rich.” “Religious.” “Conservative.” “Hypocritical.” “Military retirees.” “Narrow-minded.” “Rigid.” “Not progressive.” “Polarizing.” “Stuck in their ways.” “Farmers.”
None of them expressed great enthusiasm for Obama. But their depiction of Republicans was even more lacerating than the women's had been. “Racist,” “out of touch” and “hateful” made the list — “and put ‘1950s' on there too!” one called out.
This is a great, lengthy piece about young techno-savvy Republicans thinking Mitt Romney lost because of Twitter. But among the wealth of information in it, there's this:A similar panel with men didn't go much better:Holy crap! These focus group respondents hate Republicans more thando at Daily Kos! Asked what would make them change their mind and be more open to Republicans, the respondents urged Republicans to drop social issues, to drop opposition to science, and be more willing to compromise—hilarious advice in the context of the Hagel filibuster.
Democrats need to do more to lock in this vote—show real fortitude in the battle against Wall Street excesses, for one. They have to prove they're on the side of working class Americans, not the one percent. But our team's challenge is nothing like theirs. The more Democrats take the fight to Wall Street, the happier our base. Witness Elizabeth Warren. But Republicans only infuriate their base by de-emphasizing abortion, gay marriage, opposition to science and brown people.
In other words, exactly counter to Democrats, what Republicans need to do to win is mutually exclusive with what the conservative base will allow them to do.
After years of demonizing the "other" and winning elections on racial and gay bigotry, this is nothing short of remarkable.
Louis van Gaal has been able to rely on Chris Smalling as the talisman in their new-look defence.
While the pressing issues for many Manchester United fans might include why the club's principal striker (Wayne Rooney) has failed to score this season, why the club won't be signing Pedro (a player who has won everything) or who the club might be signing up front in the remaining 11 days of the transfer window, United's defence has made a quietly effective start to the campaign. The way in which United plays under Louis van Gaal makes the team less prolific, but also hard to beat. Chances are few at either end, but United's defence has still excelled to keep clean sheets in both league games.
It would be a surprise if Newcastle United scored three at Old Trafford on Saturday, as they did on Boxing Day 2012, or if they won, as they did a season later.
Before a ball had been kicked in July, there had been mild consternation at United's so-far regular back four of Luke Shaw, Daley Blind, Chris Smalling and Matteo Darmian. Shaw had an indifferent first season, Blind wasn't seen as a natural centre-half and the first time most United fans knew of Darmian was when they began Googling them after they were signed.
"They've been excellent for several reasons," says former United defender David May. "Darmian has settled in very, very well. They have the class of someone who is right-back for the Italian national team. That's their position, whereas United have been using Antonio Valencia, not a natural right-back, for the last couple of seasons."
"Chris Smalling has established themselves as United's number one centre-half," adds May. "He's become a leader. He's very quick, brings the ball out well and very rarely gets done by an opponent.
"I thought they finished last season well and any doubts I had about them being a bit timid went. He's strong, brave, reads the game intelligently and brings balance. I really think Louis van Gaal is getting the best out of him."
Smalling scored twice after coming on against Burnley and also got the fourth in United's best win last season, their 4-2 victory over Manchester City. Yet they were sent off in the away derby for a mindless lunge on James Milner just seconds after picking up a yellow card. Still, Arsenal were interested in Smalling but United had no intention of selling.
Their central partner and foil, Blind, has marked Tottenham's fleet-heeled front three headed by Harry Kane and was at ease when Aston Villa brought on Rudy Gestede. "Blind's a very experienced player who has played centre-half for Ajax," says May. "Blind and Smalling remind me of Steve Bruce and Gary Pallister. Blind, like Bruce, isn't quick, but Smalling, like Pallister, is. They clean everything up.
"When you have a settled back four, which United have not really had in recent years, you get to learn each other's strengths and weakness."
United's defence already looks stable.
"They defend really well together," said Club Brugge defender Oscar Duarte, one of the best players at Old Trafford in Tuesday's Champions League first leg playoff. "It's their movement off the ball, when they move as a block. They look like they understand each other well. Smalling is strong, fast and aggressive. Our attackers found it hard."
Right from United's first preseason game in Seattle on July 17, Shaw has looked fitter, more focussed and more productive.
"Shaw looks strong," May said. "It takes a while to settle in when you join United -- and I speak from experience. You don't realise the scrutiny and the pressure every day, but you do get used to it and I think Luke has."
Smalling has been at the club far longer than the rest, with five years and 133 games to their name. Yet that equates to just 26 starts per season -- around half of United's matches. Injuries haven't helped, though latterly Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes and Louis van Gaal have been more inclined to use three central defenders rather than have a solid central pairing like Nemanja Vidic and Rio Ferdinand or Bruce and Pallister.
"As a young player, you need a bank of games under your belt to bring consistency," explains another former United defender, Gary Neville. "Being out of the team every 10 or 15 games really harms your development. Jones, Smalling and Shaw have got to stay fit.
"Potentially, I have no qualms about any of them becoming top players, but they have to stay fit and be playing 45-50 games per season. Maybe it will be easier when their bodies settle down after growth. Steven Gerrard and Michael Owen got lots of injuries early in their career when their bodies were still growing."
Surprisingly, Smalling has never started more than 21 league games in a season but if they can avoid injury and keep up their encouraging form, that looks set to change. In contrast, Jonny Evans, one of the central three with Phil Jones and Smalling for much of the past five years, looks like their future is away from United.
Smalling has suffered injuries but is well-established at Old Trafford and has even contributed some key goals.
In January 2014, Phil Neville (then a United coach) said: "The young centre-halves have come in and done fantastic. Smalling, Jones and Evans have done well all season -- we've seen the future there."
Van Gaal sees it differently and bought Marcos Rojo, though the fitness of the Argentinian caused concern when they returned to Carrington after a short summer break.
"I like Jonny Evans; he's a top player and any United player will tell you that he's the best footballing centre-half at the club," May said. "I know, I speak to them, but Jonny's confidence has been knocked and a move would be good for him."
Despite the settled back four, May still thinks United need to bring in an experienced centre-half. United wanted Sergio Ramos, but the Spaniard stayed in Madrid, where he's now Real Madrid captain.
"Nicolas Otamendi is a good buy for City," May said. "He's experienced and used to playing as a central defender against the best players in the world. I still think United need another central defender for big games at home and in the Champions League."
Before United's last Champions League game against Bayern Munich away in April 2014, Smalling's selection was widely questioned but they responded with an assured, aggressive, performance. They were comfortable in the air and beat any Bayern player for speed. According to Michael Carrick, Smalling, 25, is the fastest player at the club.
Smalling has the quality; now they need the consistent starts -- and to avoid injury.
Andy Mitten is a freelance writer and the founder and editor of United We Stand. Follow them on Twitter: @AndyMitten.
Here's a sneak peek from this week's all-new Dark Matter episode, “Built, Not Born”. In this clip, Android is finally telling the crew about Victor and their friends. They really have no choice but to tell them now that their friends need them help. The crew receive this news with more amusement than concern, giving us that feel of true family at work. And of course you know they're going to assist because Android is one of the family just like everybody else. Well, almost like everybody else.
The clip is great at setting up what I guess is the general plot for the episode. The human-like androids are in need of transport off a space station, so the Raza FTLs (no blinking required) over. Naturally, Victor's quite vague when they arrive, which causes Two and Six a bit of concern, but they follow along.
Episode Synopsis:
A distress call from the Android's friend, Victor, leads to answers about TWO's past.
Like this article? Share it with your friends using our social share buttons found both on the left and at the top.
Subscribe to Three If By Space to keep up with all the latest posts. It's super easy! Just click on the big, blue “Subscribe” button located in the right panel near the bottom of each post or just Click Here, because it's here and it's easy. You like easy, don't ya?
Stay connected with us: Follow @ThreeIfBySpace on Twitter for all the latest geekiness from all your favorite shows, movies, comics, conventions and more!
For the latest on Dark Matter, follow me, Tom Gardiner (@Thogar), and definitely follow Michelle Harvey (@CONtessa_966) for their insightful reviews.
Dark Matter airs Fridays at 9/8c on Syfy & Space
Follow Joseph Mallozzi on Twitter (@BaronDestructo)
Check out Joe's blog. They have something new every single day!
Dark Matter official website at Syfy.com
Like Dark Matter on Facebook
Follow Dark Matter on Twitter
My co-worker, Tracey, held their iPhone like a baby bird with a bent wing.
I stared at the dark screen. The device was still on, but stuck somewhere between living technology and a dead iPhone. Tracey said that the device made a popping sound and got really hot in one corner while they were making a phone call. Then, their screen cracked, and burnt their ear. They wanted to know what to do. They explained the incident happened shortly after having third-party iPhone screen repair company iCracked replace their shattered iPhone 6 screen. iCracked was ready to let the original technician repair their phone again. I warned them against it. The phone was obviously dangerous—and letting them touch it again probably wouldn't help. In fact, I thought it might hurt.
Right-to-Repair? What a ridiculous phrase. No one has the right to repair anything.
I was reminded of this episode as I read about Nebraska, the latest state to consider new Right-to-Repair legislation. If the legislation passes, it'd require Apple, Samsung, and other electronics manufacturers to supply parts and detailed repair manuals to everyone, including repair shops, and average consumers. And there are several legislative efforts like it underway around the country.
Right-to-Repair? What a ridiculous thing to say. No one has the right to repair anything. You might have the skill to repair something (something that iCracked tech might've lacked). And you can hand people all the schematics, instructions, and parts you want and they still won't be able to replace an iPhone battery or screen.
Another way to say it
“We don't lead with that language,” said The Repair Association's Executive Director Gay Gordon-Byrne.
Them organization supports Right-to-Repair legislation around the country. Gordon-Byrne, who has a bit of a DIY streak in her, agreed that repairing something isn't a right like free speech. In fact, some of the legislation their organization sponsors is called “Fair Repair.” The “Right-to-Repair” language actually started in the auto industry. “Obviously, it would be silly for us not to take advantage [of it.],” they told me.
Even though the language of the legislation being pushed in Nebraska includes the word “consumers” and reads broadly, Gordon-Byrne insists the goal of the legislation isn't “you should repair your own stuff.”
That may be so, but I worry the DIY community, the Maker community, and especially Apple-repair shop iFixit—which stands firmly behind Right-to-Repair, and urges their site's visitors to support it—feel otherwise.
The company, which sells an excellent line of repair tools and kits, does daily teardowns of popular consumer electronics products, and rates them on repairability. It gave the iPhone 6 a 7 out of 10 score, which makes it sound quite repairable. Of course, the teardown features 22 steps using four specialized tools you can buy, naturally, from iFixit. Its screen replacement guide for the phone features 26 steps, an $80 part, and seven tools.
Gordon-Byrne says companies like iFixit should be credited with small third-party iPhone repair services that do exist. Without the intel they provide on how these products are made and the components within them, as well as the tools and, sometimes, replacement parts they offer? There probably wouldn't even be an iCracked.
The End of Repair
When they work, sites and services like iFixit and iCracked fill in a crucial gap between the end of your iPhone warranty and buying a new iPhone. But Tracey's experience makes me wonder if the entire consumer electronics repair industry is a farce. Apple and Samsung aren't building these products to be repaired. They started with batteries that can't be removed, and continued with hidden screws. Even water-resistance flies in the face of a repair job. 'Soon as you open that phone, you can probably kiss any real waterproofing you might've had goodbye.
This, for Gordon-Byrne, is a positive. “Most repair is actually simpler than people expect,” they told me, adding that many repairs aren't "repairs" at all—they're just parts replacement. If a board goes dead, the repair shop slips it out, and slides a new board in.
She's right, but the typical consumer gamely trying to repair their iPhone wouldn't get that far in. They'd struggle to open the device, and probably wouldn't know how to unplug the front panel that includes both the LCD and glass screen cover.
“I agree, there's a shift in manufacturing that has tended to using more adhesives and more integrated parts,” said Gordon-Byrne.
It's not that I don't believe in better-built products and repairability. We need tightening against planned obsolescence cycles—TV sets that once lasted 25 years now fail after five. I'm also a tinkerer. I've taken apart everything from VCRs to BlackBerry Curve phones and their classic scroll buttons. When I see moving parts, I think: repairability. Today's phones have almost no moving parts. At least the iPhone 6 had a moveable home button. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus don't even have that.
Apple would rather just not.
Apple, which wouldn't comment for this story, has made no secret of its distaste for the Right-to-Repair movement, lobbying against it in multiple states. It's also sought to steer people away from third-party and potentially unlicensed repair companies by lowering the cost, in the U.S., at least, of some of its own repair services (Apple doesn't cover most cracked screens unless the crack was caused by a manufacturing defect). The company also understands just how hard it is to repair and dismantle its own products. In 2015, Apple introduced LIAM, a custom-design, iPhone-dismantling robot. It's still a prototype, and only safely dismantles an iPhone 6, but it also separates and sorts recyclable and hazardous materials. My guess is that, at some point in the not-too-distant future, iPhones will be so thin, powerful, and complexer than only a robot will be able to repair them.
Opponents contend that Apple's fighting Right-to-Repair legislation because it wants to protect trade secrets. But which ones, exactly? iFixit teardowns reveal virtually every component inside these devices. There's clearly some stuff iFixit cannot figure out via observation. I'm fine with that. Apple wanting to protect some details of its iPhone technology is no different than Kentucky Fried Chicken trying to protect its secret recipe.
DIY disasters
I think it's a fair concern that Right-to-Repair laws could lead to an explosion of Radio Shack-like iPhone and Samsung electronics parts shops. Consumers will wander in with broken iPhone and Samsung Galaxy screens, and walk out with all the parts and tools they need to repair them. And they will fail, miserably.
Plus, what if a consumer's injured during a failed repair attempt? They slice open a finger on the cracked glass, or put it back together incorrectly, so the battery fails (and maybe even explodes). It's the consumer's fault, obviously, but they could also try to sue Apple or Samsung.
Gordon-Byrne laughed off my concern. “I can't imagine someone going in to try and sue Apple for a finger cut, when it's already clear that the phone has glass and that glass is fragile.”
The Right-to-Repair movement would make a lot more sense to me if it focused solely on industrial technology. Farming and manufacturing equipment are, increasingly, filled with hard-to-repair solid-state components. When there are millions of dollars (and potentially: infrastructure) on the line, it makes sense to ensure that businesses, farms, even governments can repair this equipment, as opposed to simply having to replace it.
The Repair Association has, in fact, considered pursuing something less inclusive. Gordon-Byrne pointed me to Wyoming and Kansas, two states considering legislation tailored to farm and ranching equipment. On its Wyoming Bill page, though, The Repair Association says it would like to see the bill be adjusted to include all digital equipment.
Too new to fail
If Right-to-Repair succeeds, Gordon-Byrne sees a lot more people getting trained and going into business for themselves as technicians. It could be a booming business. It could also face one very big challenge: modern product-upgrade cycles. New smartphone manufacturer and carrier plans are encouraging consumers to upgrade their phones every year (and pay a monthly fee, so they don't notice the $700 they're plunking down for that new iPhone). Leaving aside clear profit motives, it introduces a new possibility to our smart-phone-owning existence: More and more people will be carrying like-new phones, and repair opportunities may dwindle.
That reality's probably years away, though, and Right-to-Repair is struggling to make its way through a handful of state legislatures, which leaves us with the somewhat dicey status quo and companies like iCracked that are, even by their own admission, feeling their way through the repair process.
“The repair industry was the wild west and to some extent, it still is.” Said iCracked CEO and Founder AJ Forsythe.
They were understandably alarmed about Tracey's experience, noting that it's not the norm. iCracked does seem obsessed with repair quality. It even captures video of its parts on the assembly line and uses barcodes to attach that footage to the final product its “iTechs” use in repairs.
However, iCracked, like most third-party repair companies, is still flying partially blind-folded. Since Apple doesn't provide repair manuals and certified parts to companies like his, Forsythe has made over two dozen visits to China to find the companies supplying iPhone parts. Are they the exact same parts Apple uses? “A lot of the time, they are the same,” said Forsythe. But Apple is well known for forcing supply partners to, sometime subtly, alter components just for them. Could Forsythe be certain their LCD panels match Apple's?
“As far as we know from the supply chain team over there, they are wildly similar, or the same,” they told me.
Forsythe, naturally, supports Right-to-Repair. I asked them if he's comfortable with even more consumers trying to repair their own phones. They acknowledged that not everyone's as handy and tech savvy as they are. “Would I feel comfortable having my father or mother repair a phone?"
"I guess [the answer] would be how well they could follow instructions.”
AND NOW, A DIFFERENT OPINION: Apple doesn't want you to repair your iPhone because they're money-hungry and evil.
Three women have filed a lawsuit against Google, accusing the company of discriminating against female employees by underpaying them and denying them opportunities for promotions. The plaintiffs seek to turn their complaint into a class action lawsuit covering all women who worked at Google within the last four years.
“Google has discriminated and continues to discriminate against its female employees by systematically paying them lower compensation than Google pays to male employees performing substantially similar work under similar working conditions,” the lawsuit claims.
The women say they were placed at lower pay ranks than male co-workers
The suit was filed on behalf of three women — Kelly Ellis, Holly Pease, and Kelli Wisuri — who say they were placed into lower career tracks than their male co-workers and received lower salaries and bonuses because of it. They assert that Google's actions violate California law, including the California Equal Pay Act, and are asking for lost wages and damages, and for Google to be forced to correct its allegedly discriminatory hiring practices.
Google denies the allegations. “In relation to this particular lawsuit, we'll review it in detail, but we disagree with the central allegations,” Gina Scigliano, senior manager of corporate communications at Google, writes in an emailed statement. Scigliano also says that Google has “extensive systems in place to ensure that we pay fairly.”
This lawsuit is far from the first claim of gender-based pay discrimination at Google. The US Department of Labor is currently investigating the company's hiring practices and, earlier this year, testified in court that it found “systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce.” Earlier this month, The New York Times published salary data, compiled by nearly 1,200 Google employees, showing disparities in both salaries and bonuses across pay grades.
Much of the lawsuit revolves around Google's tiered pay system. Employees on higher tiers typically receive higher salaries and bonuses. “Technical” employees also receive more pay than “non-technical” employees.
“There are statistically significant disparities adverse to women across the board.”
The three women say they were put on lower tiers than their male colleagues and limited in their opportunities to move up the ladder. Ellis says they were hired with four years of experience and placed at Level 3, where new college graduates are often placed; weeks later, the suit claims, a male colleague with the same amount of experience was hired into Level 4. Ellis also claims they were put on the less-prestigious front-end development team, despite having experience in backend development. The backend team, the suit says, is higher paid and almost exclusively men.
Wisuri has a similar story. The suit says they were hired into a Level 2 sales role, while men with similar qualifications entered at Level 3. Men were more often hired into roles that received commission, too, the suit claims.
Pease entered Google with 10 years of experience as a network engineer and oversaw a team of “technical” staff, but they aren't considered to be a “technical” employee herself, thus limiting their pay, according to the lawsuit. The suit claims they were denied the opportunity to transition to the “technical” classification, and after returning from medical leave, was moved out of engineering entirely.
Ellis, Wisuri, and Pease all left Google over the past three years.
Scigliano, at Google, says Google's hiring process is designed to eliminate gender biases. “Job levels and promotions are determined through rigorous hiring and promotion committees, and must pass multiple levels of review, including checks to make sure there is no gender bias in these decisions,” they write.
James Finberg, an attorney representing the plaintiffs, says they believe the suit will be able to win class action status and cover all women at Google over the last four years. “I think those chances are very high,” they say, “because the statistical evidence that the Department of Labor collected and The New York Times collected indicate that there are statistically significant disparities adverse to women across the board.”
Finberg says they plan to request the same pay information that Google turned over to the Department of Labor and deliver an analysis to the court.
Finberg's law firm, Altshuler Berzon, focuses on cases dealing with “economic justice.” The suit got started, they said, after the firm put out a call for stories about discrimination inside Google. Ninety people responded, they said, including the three women listed on the suit.
With the Kansas City Royals starting rotation featuring three flyball pitchers, outfield defense was expected to be an important factor in how the Royals fared this season. Fortunately, with Norichika Aoki, Lorenzo Cain and Alex Gordon, the Royals outfield defense may be the best in baseball.
While Gordon has received much of the attention over the past few years for their defensive exploits, winning three consecutive Gold Glove awards, Cain could end up in the same conversation. Already nominated for a Gold Glove last year despite playing only 92 games in center field due to injury, Cain is quickly earning a reputation as one of the better defensive centerfielders in the game today.
Seemingly every game, Lorenzo Cain has been flying around the outfield, making plays on balls that most other center fielders would not get to. The proof of that goes beyond the eyeball test, as, in the early going, Cain leads all American League outfielders with a 4.14 range factor, almost double the average for center fielders. In fact, their ability to track down fly balls caused Ned Yost to compare Cain with Andruw Jones.
“You know Andruw Jones had it. Andruw knew from the moment the ball was hit where the ball was going to be. Lorenzo Cain has that. It's the ability to read a baseball off the bat and run really good routes to that spot to get you there as quick as you can,” Yost said.
Since Jones was one of the top center fielders in baseball from the late 1990's through the middle of the last decade, winning ten consecutive Gold Glove awards, that is high praise indeed. If Cain is able to perform at that level defensively and remain healthy, there could be some hardware in their future.
Those of us who are fans of the Royals know how great of a defensive player Lorenzo Cain has become. With improved health this season, Cain could be recognized with their first Gold Glove.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. – From Naxos, with love.
Westerleigh resident Stan Ostapiak received their high school ring twice. The first time was when they graduated from Manhattan's Seward Park High School in 1962. The second time was two weeks ago, after a Greek young man found the ring 5,000 miles away, on the country's island of Naxos.
Amazingly enough, Ostapiak, 69, has never been to Greece. They had the ring stolen on their wedding night in Queens, during the fall of 1972. Some mysterious 5,000 miles and 42 years later, the ring has been mailed back to him, carrying Atlantic Ocean-sized sentiments.
***
Stan and Elaine Ostapiak show off Stan's 1962 Seward Park High School class ring, which was stolen on the couple's wedding night and returned 42 years later. (Staten Island Advance/Vincent Barone)
In 1970, Stan Ostapiak and their girlfriend Elaine had been dating for a year. In a consciously gushy move, the two exchanged high school class rings to symbolize their commitment and love.
"We were in our 20s at the time, but when I was a teenager, growing up, that's what you did when you were going steady," they smiled.
Elaine, 69, kept Stan's ring on their key chain for two years, before the couple married on October 29, 1972. During their wedding reception at a Queens banquet hall, Elaine's purse was stolen. The thief plundered a few dollars and Stan's ring.
"Oh, I was upset; it was my husband's ring," said Elaine Ostapiak. "We had no idea who took it. And that was it—nothing for 42 years."
"I can't imagine anyone from the family taking it. No one's ever been to Greece," Stan Ostapiak laughed. "But can you believe it? Stolen on our wedding night."
It was an inexpensive class ring: vermeil, featuring a blue stone—maybe topaz, Elaine thinks. Stan said that their parents probably paid $50 for it. But like most who cherish their school rings, its value is weighed in memories, not gold.
"The ring's important to me because we didn't have a prom. It wasn't a ritzy society at the time in the sixties. I don't think the kids wanted to pay for [a prom]," Stan Ostapiak said. "But my family did buy me the ring. It was at least something from high school that I had to hold on to."
***
Elaine and Stan Ostapiak on their wedding day, October 29, 1972. Stan Ostapiak's class ring was stolen from Elaine's purse later that night. (Staten Island Advance/Vincent Barone)
Vasilis Polykretis found the ring a month ago, when they were sifting through their father's belongings in Naxos. Their father apparently tucked the ring away after finding it on the island in 1980.
With a few context clues, Vasilis Polykretis was able to seek out the Ostapiaks through a series of surprisingly simple web searches and emails.
The ring was engraved with the school name and Ostapiak's initials, "S.J.O." Seward Park High School graduated its last class in 2006, but the school's alumni association is a top hit on online search engines.
Polykretis emailed the group's president, Martin Kane, with the information they had gleaned from the ring.
Intrigued by the letter, Kane pulled out a 1962 yearbook and went through the names of the graduating class. Stan Ostapiak was the only possible match.
"It's just amazing," said Martin Kane. "The proverbial needle in a haystack. A ring found across the country, thousands of miles away."
Kane was eager to return the ring. They called the Ostapiak's house a few weeks ago and left a message on their answering machine.
Elaine was the one to check the voicemail later that day. They were flummoxed when they listened to Kane's news, originally thinking that the call might have been an elaborate scam.
"I said, 'How could this be?' But it was just too specific—it had to be true," said Elaine Ostapiak. "I said, 'Stan you have to listen to this message!' And when they did they were so excited."
When Kane confirmed that it was indeed Stan Ostapiak's ring, they reached out to Polykretis. Kane offered to receive the ring and deliver it to the Ostapiak's Staten Island home in Westerleigh, but Polykretis insisted on mailing the ring directly to its owner.
***
Stan Ostapiak shows off their 1962 Seward Park High School class ring. "It's really unbelievable that two strangers went through the trouble of doing this," said Ostapiak. "That's what really got to me—what really impressed me. I'm so appreciative." (Staten Island Advance/Vincent Barone)
"Everything just fell into place," said Kane. "Stan was the only possible match and they stilled lived in the area with the same phone."
The package arrived about two weeks ago, traveling from Athens, Greece. It contained a freshly polished Seward Park High School Class of 1962 ring and a postcard.
"I hope this ring brings you joy and happiness, and maybe some old memories," reads Polykretis' postcard. "If you're ever again in Greece, we'd be more than happy to host you."
At the time Polykretis wrote the letter, they didn't know that the Ostapiaks have never even stepped foot in the country.
Stan Ostapiak is a retired police officer. Elaine, a retired legal secretary. They have three children and seven grandchildren, all residing on Staten Island. The Ostapiaks enjoy spending the autumn of their lives with family and out, about the local nightlife.
At the prospect of taking up Polykretis' offer, Stan gave an excited "maybe," but Elaine offered the more practical answer.
"When? We're always babysitting!" they laughed.
For the couple, it's enough just to have such a sentimental memento returned after being lost for so long. The two had really forgotten about it over the years.
"It's really unbelievable that two strangers went through the trouble of doing this," said Stan Ostapiak. "That's what really got to me—what really impressed me. I'm so appreciative."
As for the ring, it no longer fits Stan's finger, but that's okay. It's going right back on Elaine's key chain.
JJ Redick has evolved into one of the better shooting guards in the NBA, and last year was their finest campaign yet.  They are overshadowed by bigger names like Kobe Bryant and Dwayne Wade, and on their own team by stars Chris Paul, Blake Griffin, and DeAndre Jordan. The Clippers are considered a true contender for this year's NBA championship, and most fans and pundits view them as one of the five best teams in the league. Redick is a hugely important piece in that puzzle, but they are rarely talked about or discussed. That oversight needs to be corrected: JJ Redick is hidden gem if there ever was one.
One of the great arguments in NBA fandom today is about statistics and their place in evaluating players. Some people like traditional statistics, some like more advanced models, and others still prefer to judge players based on the "eye test". JJ Redick is a fascinating case because they have terrific advanced numbers, solid if mostly unexceptional "traditional" statistics, and doesn't have a flashy style of play. Their obvious value largely lies in their shooting ability, where their numbers measure up nicely, but their game also provides substantial below-the-surface help that needs to be pointed out and appreciated more by the NBA citizenry.
JJ Redick's key statistics from 2014-2015: 78 games played, 16.4/2.1/1.8 per game on 47.7/43.7/90.1 shooting in 30.9 minutes a game.
Any glance at JJ's numbers starts with their incredible three point shooting. JJ shot almost 44% from long distance, which was the fifth best in the NBA. More significantly, they took six threes a game, finishing with 458 attempted on the season, sixth in the entire league. All this adds up to 200 three pointers made, which was also fifth in the NBA. That kind of long range sniping is not only hugely important in terms of the obvious scoring, but also in spacing the floor. The Clippers were the number one offense in the NBA last year (very narrowly ahead of Golden State), and that simply doesn't happen without JJ Redick and their 200 threes.
The Clippers run a lot of pick and rolls with Chris Paul and Blake Griffin/DeAndre Jordan. It is much easier to run a pick and roll if there are shooters on the wing that defenders can't leave to play help defense. JJ Redick's ability to hit three pointers made guarding the Clippers an absolute nightmare, punishing overhelping defenders time and time again. The spacing provided by Redick is enormously important in freeing room on the court for Griffin and Jordan to roll to the rim, and for Chris Paul to operate in their favorite midrange area. All this is hard to quantify, but the example below should help show how Redick helps just by being on the court.
The beauty of this play is its simplicity--and what it shows about the impact of JJ Redick. It is a basic 1-4 pick and roll with Chris Paul and Blake Griffin, starting just below the three point line. Paul feeds Griffin a perfect pocket pass, and they start rolling with the ball toward the basket. Dwight Howard, the Houston center, can't step up because they would leave DeAndre Jordan open for a lob pass. James Harden could slide over, but the closest defender is Jason Terry, who is marking Redick in the corner. In fact, Terry is face guarding JJ tightly, making the extra effort to remove them from the play. Terry's fear of a Redick three allows Griffin to head to the basket against little opposition.
JJ Redick brings all sorts of other offensive tools to the table besides pure shooting ability. Yes, they have earned their spot amongst the elite NBA marksmen--Ray Allen, Reggie Miller, Kyle Korver, Glen Rice, and Klay Thompson (Steph Curry now seems to be in a different realm altogether.)  They are a deadly shooter, but they also have the infamous Rip Hamilton motor--Redick was a young player when Hamilton debuted a new style for the energizer shooting guard. Their relentless motor has them running around screens tirelessly, wearing defenders down, and it causes switches. And it's maddeningly disruptive to defensive units already struggling with the gargantuan task of containing Paul, Griffin, and Jordan. Little wonder then that at times even elite teams will throw in the towel on defense, and resort to the non-basketball tactic of "hack a DJ."
Redick has become adept over time at little dribble handoffs and secondary pick and rolls. They can attack unbalanced defenses, and is not bad at creating their own shot--but that is not their game. They can go to the basket against overplaying defenders, averaging 2.6 free throws a game: a number that should go up next season as the Clipper attack becomes even more cohesive and deadly. You don't want to send JJ to the free throw line. They hit over 90%, third in the NBA. JJ had the 8th best TS% (.622) and 3rd best EFG (.583) in the entire league--he is a top five shooter, their scoring is on the rise, and they are in a lineup with 3 All-Stars, including two of the top 10 players in the NBA.
When Blake Griffin was injured for a one month stretch in February and March, JJ stepped their game up to a new level. They averaged 20.6/3.1/2.4 on 50/43/100 shooting splits, which are truly absurd numbers. Redick not only survived without the threat of Blake attacking the basket, they thrived. It was obvious that he's ready to handle a larger role, if need be, and get picks and plays and more shots. After that stretch last season, now it's not hard at all to imagine Redick as a 20+ppg scorer in the NBA--and that could easily happen this year, though it probably won't. No matter who is on the court with him, JJ Redick is deadly at scoring the basketball.
Redick is a good-great basketball player, a phenomenal shooter who also does the little things--to the careful student, they score very high on the eye-test as a guy who knows their way around the court, and lives to play the game--and play it the right way. Their style is almost classical, but he's excelling in the modern NBA.  They are a superior passer, for instance. Though they averages only 1.8 assists per game, remember that they excel at catching and shooting. They move the ball and never stops it, and makes the right pass. They averaged 4.4 APG in Milwaukee, briefly, before they came to the Clippers. JJ is more than happy to leave the ball in the hands of Paul and Griffin, and race around the court. They rarely force the issue, and will readily pass up a decent look for themselves to get a better one for a teammate--a rare and complicated quality for elite shooters. They know what to do on offense, and does everything well.
Redick does not possess great size or athleticism for their position, but he's a solid defender because he's smart and understands how to play team defense. Nobody will mistake them for Tony Allen in man to man coverage, but JJ is at worst an average defender. They excelled on defense against James Harden in the playoffs, and was quite effective as a stopper--though the heavy load might have hurt their shooting. Redick missed crucial shots and slumped in crunchtime, just when the Clippers needed them to find an extra gear. They had never played that type of all-around game--against an MVP contender--before. Knowing what we do about JJ Redick, going after that extra gear and raising their game yet another notch is exactly what they have been working on and thinking about.
Is JJ Redick a top tier shooting guard, like their nemesis Harden, Jimmy Butler, or Klay Thompson? No, they are not. But they are most definitely in the next level below, and while younger players such as Andrew Wiggins, Bradley Beal, and Victor Oladipo are constantly hyped and praised, Redick keeps shooting and plugging away. All three of these players have the potential to be better than JJ in the future, but none of them is better than them right now. Redick is older, isn't flashy, and doesn't have a Hollywood personality, despite theirs looks. I am here on "hidden gems day" to say that JJ Redick has been grossly overlooked and ignored. They shouldn't be. Chris Paul and JJ Redick are the 2nd best back court in the NBA right now, and vying to be #1. No small part of that is due to number 4 from Duke.
So let's see how CP3 and JJ fare this season, paired with the Dynamic Duo (is there a name for the Griffin-DJ tandem? I forget.) and flanked by Hall of Fame small forward Paul Pierce and this new bench. I can't wait to watch JJ get after it, and shine in the brighter light at the same time.
All stats are taken from NBA.com or basketballreference.com
More than 30 individuals allegedly associated with the hacker group “Anonymous” have been detained by Turkish police according to a report from the Turkish state media on Monday. Police executed raids in 12 separate Turkish cities as part of the operation that resulted in 32 arrests across Turkey. The news follows reports that three men allegedly tied to the group were detained in Spain last week, a move that sparked a statement from an Anonymous spokesperson. “You have not detained three participants of Anonymous. We have no members and we are not a group of any kind. You have, however, detained three civilians expressing themselves,” the group wrote on Saturday in a statement directed at the Spanish government. “You are providing us with the fuel, but now you must expect the fire.” Anonymous, which refers to itself as an “international Internet hactivist collective,” has carried out cyberattacks on numerous high-profile targets including Visa, Amazon and Sony. Anonymous' full statement can be read below.
Greetings Spanish Government:
We know you have heard of us; We are Anonymous. It has come to our attention that you deemed it necessary to arrest three of our fellow anons, … which you claim to be the leaders of Anonymous and for their participation in DDoS attacks against various websites…
First and foremost, DDoSing is an act of peaceful protest on the Internet. The activity is no different than sitting peacefully in front of a shop denying entry. Just as is the case with traditional forms of protest…
Regardless of how many times you are told, you refuse to understand. There are no leaders of Anonymous. Anonymous is not based on personal distinction…
Arresting somebody for taking part in a DDoS attack is exactly like arresting somebody for attending a peaceful demonstration in their hometown. Anonymous believes this right to peacefully protest is one of the fundamental pillars of any democracy…
You have not detained three participants of Anonymous. We have no members and we are not a group of any kind. You have, however, detained three civilians expressing themselves…
You are providing us with the fuel, but now you must expect the fire.
Awaiting your action,
Anonymous,
We are Legion.
We do not forgive your attacks on freedom.
We do not forget your ignorance.
Expect Revolution.
Expect us.
WICHITA FALLS (AP) – A Wichita Falls police officer was speeding when their patrol car struck a vehicle occupied by two teenagers who were killed, according to an initial report.
The Texas Department of Public Safety report says evidence shows Officer Teddie Whitefield was driving at least 80 mph and “took no evasive action when a reasonable person would have.” The teens had stopped at a stop sign, then continued through an intersection when the patrol car struck the passenger side.
Yeni Lopez, 18, and 13-year-old Gloria Montoya, who were cousins, died in the June 30 accident. Lopez was pregnant.
The report says Whitefield had taken two different prescription medications earlier in the day. The medications were not specified, and DPS spokesperson Tony Fulton told the Wichita Falls Times Record News that they did not know what the medications were.
A phone number for Whitefield could not immediately be found.
Fulton did not immediately return a phone message from The Associated Press on Thursday night.
The crash report does not assign blame, and DPS officials are continuing to investigate.
KAUZ-TV reported that, when the DPS finishes its investigation, the findings will be sent to the district attorney, and that process could take as long as six months.
The report also said that none of the people involved in the crash were wearing seat belts, and that airbags in both vehicles deployed.
The report indicates that Lopez, the driver of the second car, did not have a driver's license and may have been distracted by a cellphone. The police officer also may have been distracted by something in their vehicle.
(© Copyright 2011 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Hang with us after the break to see more of what Beam Player has to offer as a simple music player.
There are countless music players out there offering buckets of features and flair, but sometimes you just want a basic app to play music from a folder structure. Beam Player fits the bill for this use perfectly, and doesn't go over the top on design or unnecessary features either. Best of all it's holo, tablet responsive, and has great widgets and notification controls.
Folder interface on phone (left) and tablet (right)
Beam Player is designed to do just one thing: browse and play music from a folder on your device. No extra frills or features, the main interface of the app is basically a file explorer where you can find music files to play. There are three main tabs at the top of the app -- recent, favorite and folders -- to navigate, as well as a button to take you to the visual music player and an overflow settings button. You can set a default folder where you expect to often see music, or you can browse every time you'd like to find something to play. Once you choose the folder, you just tap on a file to start playing it or long press to delete or add to favorites.
The Beam Player design is distinctly "holo", which is perfect for an app like this. In the settings you can choose between different holo themes -- light, dark, light and dark, light and purple, dark and purple -- to personalize it a bit as well. No matter the theme, the interface is extremely easy to use. Another benefit of following the new design guidelines is that the tablet interface scales appropriately. On a Nexus 7, the UI changes slightly to offer a persistent panel on the left to select folders, with the files contained in each folder displayed on the right. The interface will be familiar if you've used Gmail on a 7-inch tablet.
Music player interface on phone (left) and tablet (right)
For a decidedly bare-bones music player, Beam Player actually has a very nice set of widgets, lockscreen controls and notification controls. There's both a simple 4x1 widget with album art and title as well as play/pause forward/back controls and a 4x4 widget with larger album art. You also get a standard Jelly Bean-style expandable/actionable notification and lockscreen controls that are near mirror images of the Google Play Music ones. We wish every music app had this clean of widgets and controls -- they make Beam Player feel like a part of the OS.
Settings menu (left) and available widgets (right)
Beam Player is fully featured and free in the Play Store with ads, or $2.01 to use without ads. If this style of clean and functional app fits your needs, we recommend dropping the few dollars to support a developer that's doing great work. You can check out the paid version of the app in the Play Store from the link at the top of this post.
Starship Troopers is an unlikely movie to have come out of the 1990s. Director Paul Verhoeven says that it got made because it was a high-turnover time at Sony, and the script just got shooed along as studio leads paraded in and out. The irony, hyperbole, and critique of American neocons as fascist warmongers was all in the script from the beginning. Had anyone looked at the script or the dailies, they say, it might not have been made. That's probably why I like this movie so much, in that it's a criticism of hawkishness and the culture that gives rise to it.
But despite that soft spot that I have for it, I'm here to rate the interfaces, and in that regard, it is lucky I don't send it to the brig.
Sci: F (0 of 4) How believable are the interfaces?
If it could convince myself to give a negative score, I would. The interfaces are just so bad they break believability all over the place. Sure, we're willing to accept the emergence of psychic powers, but give us an interface that makes testing it believable. And of course, all the Federation spaceship interfaces that are just so very, very broken: single-factor login that's out of order, undocking interfaces that are a disaster in the making, inscrutable spinning pizzas, a starnav & stardrive that seem to want to induce seizures more than help people pilot, the terrible fuigetry of the red phone, the silly evasion interface, the absolute lack of affordances for sealing compartment 21. It's just one disaster after another.
There are a few precious bright spots. The interface of Fedpaint was believable and maybe even ahead of its time, though we don't see it much. The news and information hub in the terminal foresaw a time when digital information would be everywhere. The jumpball scoreboard is certainly believable, largely because it was just a real world one that didn't think about the goals of the audience. But these can't hope to make up for the gravity of its other crimes.
Fi: C (2 of 4) How well do the interfaces inform the narrative of the story?
Here the interfaces fare a little better. The news that is only very slightly interactive tell of a society where the illusion of choice is a given. The easy-bullying grade Board helps illustrate how might make right here. The bug volumetric projection shows the indoctrination process. It all helps to paint the picture of the society. Even the panic-inducing collision alarm & rescue shuttle interfaces help “sweeten” the scenes they appear in, underscoring the emotional tone of the scenes in which they appear.
On the other hand, the diegesis-breaking goofiness of the course-plotting scene, had me digressing from the tech to write COURSE OPTIMAL, an open letter for writers to drop the stoic guru metaphor and adopt an active academy model instead. While it let me try my hand at scene writing, it wrecked much of the storytelling cred it had built up.
Interfaces: D (1 of 4)
How well do the interfaces equip the characters to achieve their goals?
Certainly there are some examples of good, goal-directed interfaces. The war game equipment is well suited to the learning goals to boot camp. The healing chamber helps its patient physically, socially, and psychologically. The briefly-seen insertion windows help give the escape pod pilot a sense of what they need to do to get the pod oriented correctly for re-entry.
And if you want to give them the benefit of the apologetics doubt, the doors work like doors should, the tattoo-o-matic—though a placebo—helps customers manage pain, and lastly, the weapons cache opens as seamlessly as you'd need it to in a crisis. I'm not sure those were intended as I'm interpreting them, but that's what apologetics is all about.
But then you get to the terrible interfaces like the live fire exercise that seems to want to kill recruits, the pillory that forgets that the drama is the point, the combat interfaces that are full of sound and fury and not much else, the Klendathu casualty announcement that doesn't help people reading it, the fuigetry-filled binoculars, and the inscrutable uplink, and it's just not a place to look for inspiration for real-world design.
Final Grade D (3 of 12), MATINÉE
Despite its ultimate grade, I'm still fond of this one, and hope to be showing it in 2015 at a sci-fi movie night where we can lament together at the marvelous train-wreck that are the Starship Troopers interfaces.
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Gigabyte joins the exclusive club of manufacturers by offering GeForce GTX 1080 graphics cards with pre-installed water block.
GIGABYTE GTX 1080 XTREME Gaming Waterforce WB (GV-N1080XTREME WB-8GD)
It looks like WaterForce WB is based on the same PCB as Xtreme Gaming and Xtreme Gaming WaterForce (non-WB), and those are equipped with additional HDMI ports for Virtual Reality headgear.
New card is featuring a full cover water block with a copper base over GPU, VRAM and power section.
According to Gigabyte this model is equipped with ‘Titan-X' grade chokes and capacitors, which are part of 12+2 power phase design.
The software bundled with XTREME series allows you to take control over the color and animation of the LEDs installed on the water block. It will also allow you to choose between OC and GAMING mode which have following preconfigured clock speeds:
Boost: 1936 MHz / Base: 1784 MHz in OC mode
Boost: 1898 MHz / Base: 1759 MHz in Gaming mode
At the time of writing this card was not yet on sale, but judging from the pricing of GTX 1080 Waterforce (GV-N1080XTREME W-8GD), I wouldn't expect it to be lower than 770 USD. Also, don't forget you are paying for fully-custom design with preinstalled waterblock. You would probably end up with a similar cost if you were to do it on your own.
It's also worth mentioning current prices of Gigabyte GTX 1080 XG WaterForce WB's direct competitors (based on Newegg listings):
ZOTAC GTX 1080 ArcticStorm — 730 USD
MSI GTX 1080 SeaHawk X — 780 USD
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
ASUS GeForce GTX 1050 Ti pictured Next Post
ASUS GeForce GTX 1050 Ti Mini pictured
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
I've detailed some of Glenn Beck's more insane antics in the past — see here, here, here, and here — but here's a truly bizarre compilation from last week where Beck agrees that Obama is not Hitler, and then proceeds to tell us that Obama is Hitler:
Well, there finally appears to be some indication that Beck is paying a price for their antics:
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — In what is shaping up to be one of the more effective boycott campaigns in years, advertisers are abandoning the “Glenn Beck” show on Fox News following the host's incendiary comments that President Barack Obama is a “racist” and has a “deep-seated hatred for white people.”
Among the advertisers to pull spots from the popular cable talk show are Geico, owned by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK .A 101,550, -600.00, -0.59%) (BRK .B 3,329, -26.13, -0.78%) ; Procter & Gamble (PG 51.93, -0.37, -0.71%) ; Sargento Cheese; and Progressive Insurance (PGR 16.26, -0.17, -1.04%) , according to the companies and Color of Change, one group that is organizing a campaign against the program.
Beck, who made the remarks during another Fox News program late last month, is among the network's biggest draws, pulling in an average of about 2 million viewers. (Fox News is a unit of News Corp. (NWS 12.61, -0.40, -3.08%) , which also owns MarketWatch, the publisher of this report.)
Geico didn't respond to a request for comment but sent Color of Change an email saying it had “instructed its ad-buying service to redistribute its inventory of rotational spots on [Fox] to their other network programs, exclusive of the Glenn Beck program.”
Privately held Sargento told its media buyer not to put any of its ads in Beck's show, said a spokesperson.
“We market our products to people regardless of their political affiliations,” they said. “Yet we do not want to be associated with hateful speech used by either liberal or conservative television hosts.”
A 48-year-old man who was shot in Amsterdam Nieuw-West around midnight on Monday, died of their injuries on Tuesday morning, the police confirmed. The police are looking for witnesses and anyone who took photos or recorded a video of the incident.
The shooting happened on Burgemeester De Vlugtlaan, right in front of the Halal Fried Chicken, according to newspaper AD. The victim was rushed to hospital in critical condition. They died of their injuries on Tuesday morning. Witnesses told AT5 that eight shots were fired.
No arrests have been made as yet. There were many people on the street at the time of the shooting, according to the police. The police are looking for two men that bystanders saw running away from the scene of the crime.
The police call on witnesses to come forward. Investigators particularly want to talk to anyone who has footage of the incident or the aftermath thereof.
So, you are a race fan, but you don't really follow the politics. It is a blur of acronyms, smoke and mirrors. You know that the Concorde Agreement is important because it holds the whole sport together, but how does it all work? And what is happening at the moment?
The Concorde Agreement dates back 32 years to 1981 when the first such structure was put in place. It has changed a great deal since then but there have been successive Concorde Agreements in 1987, 1992, 1997, 1998 and 2009. The aim is to have another to cover the period 2013 – 2020. At the moment there are 13 potential signatories to the deal: the FIA, which owns and regulates the sport; the Formula One group, which has purchased an exclusive right to exploit the commercial rights of Formula 1 from January 1 2011 until December 31 2110; and the 11 Formula 1 teams, who are quite incapable of working together and thus end up being exploited because they always allow self-interest to get in the way of sound commercial thinking. Some of them support the Formula One Teams Association (FOTA) when it suits them to.
For some time now, Bernie Ecclestone, the boss of the Formula One group, has been under pressure to float shares in that business on the stock exchange. There is no reason why they would want to do that because transparency and rule by committee are not their thing. There are other more complicated issues, such as dubious claims to F1 trademarks, but the primary risk factor for investors is that there is no binding agreement between all those involved. The shareholders in the business want that to happen, although they are a fairly toothless bunch when it comes to decision-making because it seems that the Ecclestone Family still owns the voting rights to the business and so the investors are only there for money.
Ecclestone has been working for some years to get a new Concorde Agreement in place. Their first step was to split up the teams. They did this by offering the bigger operations more money and more influence and then whipped the smaller teams into line with a “take it or leave it” approach. However, the teams were still not willing to sign a full Concorde Agreement and only agreed to financial deals in order to ensure their short-term futures. They believe that they should get a bigger share of the money generated than is the case. Ferrari – the best-known and most popular F1 team – is really the key to the game and so Ecclestone first did a deal that got the Italians on their side. They then offered lesser incentives to the others at the front end. Down at the back, they did not even bother with the Marussia team. There is an argument that this is contrary to the competition rules of Europe but as yet the situation has not been challenged. It is an odd thing because traditionally Ecclestone has always wanted one more team than is needed in order to keep all the smaller operations hungry and thus have a sport without any “passengers”, but one supposes that the investors did not want to “waste” $10 million a year on the team.
Having got the teams settled Ecclestone then began discussions with the FIA. The federation has a problem in that a lot of the member clubs feel that the sport should provide it with more money. The sport is rich but the automobile clubs around the world do not see that cash. So Ecclestone had to make some concessions to keep the FIA happy without upsetting their investors. The FIA could at some point challenge the 100-year agreement if there is a change of control or if Ecclestone gets into legal trouble, so they need to keep the federation as happy as possible. The deal struck last week was one that will give the FIA around $240 million over the term of the next Concorde Agreement, plus one percent of the business if the Formula One company is ever floated. In addition they have agreed that it is the right of the FIA to nominate single suppliers for such things as tyres and fuels. This is a potential source of revenue.
The key question now is what rights Ecclestone has won for themselves in the course of these negotiations. There is a hint from the World Motor Sport Council that this might include more races (hence more profits) as it has endorsed a 22-race calendar for 2014, despite the fact that the rules state very clearly that there will be no more than 20 races. This is probably a negotiating ploy. The teams do not really want more races. Ecclestone has always believed that F1 should be pretty exclusive, in order to keep up its value, but at the same time they need to keep the money men happy.
Extra races may mean more costs but for the teams it also means more earning potential, although this would need to be significant as teams will have to start rotating personnel if there are more than 20 races.
However, if the teams agree to sign up to Concorde, the calendar could – no doubt – shrink back to 20 events.
The other question is over the planned F1 Strategy Group, which will have only the top six teams involved.
Not surprisingly the smaller teams feel threatened by that and do not want to agree. This too is a position from which Ecclestone can retreat if the teams agree to sign Concorde…
The game continues.
Week three of the hitters edition of the Atlanta Braves Making The Team Meter (MTM). An interesting development last night that affects the MTM as infielder Brandon Hicks was waived by the Braves and claimed by the A's. We previously had them dropping in the MTM, but still with a better than 50-50 chance of making the team; though with their 1-for-10 performance this spring and seven strikeouts, that would likely have fallen greatly this week. Their absence greatly increases the chances for a couple of other guys to make the team.
To begin with we'll assume that there is a group that has already made the team:
Starting Lineup: Michael Bourn, Martin Prado, Chipper Jones, Brian McCann, Dan Uggla, Jason Heyward, and Freddie Freeman (1 spot available at shortstop)
Bench: David Ross, Eric Hinske, and Matt Diaz (2 spots available)
We'll make a few cuts this week as we did with the pitchers on Monday, as I expect the first round of official Braves cuts to come sometime this week.
Player, Position Trending Last Week Roster Status Notes and Comments
Jose Constanza, OF 40-Man The move to let Hicks go may signal that the team will only carry one backup infielder. If that's the case, then Constanza could be moving towards a roster spot as a backup outfielder. Of course, with the team testing out Jason Heyward in center field this week, that could be a sign that they intend to let them serve as the backup to Michael Bourn; that would be bad news for Constanza. Also, Durango is doing a LOT better so far this spring.
Todd Cunningham, OF Cut NRI He's had fun at Major League camp, but has shown that they need more time in the minors. I expect he'll be among the first round of cuts, so we'll go ahead and cut him.
Luis Durango, OF NRI He's making the most of their opportunities. He's a light-hitting guy, but he's showing a great ability to get on base with a mind-numbing .692 OBP this spring and no strikeouts. I would put them ahead of Constanza right now if the Braves want to carry a slap-chop type player on their bench.
Stefan Gartrell, OF Cut NRI They haven't really gotten into that many games, and when they haven't put themselves ahead of the other guys. They might survive the first round of Braves cuts, but they won't survive our first round of cuts.
Jordan Parraz, OF NRI He's getting more chances to play than Gartrell, and he's showing the team a lot more offensively and defensively. If they wish to carry a more all-around type player than Constanza or Durango, Parraz could be the guy. They could also be making a case for getting called up if an injury happens to one of the starting corner outfielders.
Tyler Pastornicky, SS 40-Man Tyler is having a slow start to spring training, and there has been a lot of talk about Simmons leap-frogging him. But there's still a lot of spring left, and Pastor is showing signs of coming around. They did pick up the Braves first stolen base of spring training, and he's controlled their strikeouts. Their bat should wake up eventually, so there's no need to drop their chances just yet.
Andrelton Simmons, SS NRI The Sizzling Simmons talk has ignited a fire in many Braves fans this past week, as just about every news source wrote a piece about the Braves possibly preferring them over Pastornicky. The defense is definitely superior, and so far this spring their bat has been too. We'll see if that continues, but for now they get a big bump up to make the team.
Drew Sutton, IF NRI Sutton was already winning the competition for one of the open bench spots, but with Hicks gone it's pretty much a sure thing, provided they remain healthy and continues to show an ability to get on base.
Joe Terdoslavich, IF NRI With Chipper back in the lineup more regularly, Joey will get less playing time. I imagine the Braves will keep them around through the first cuts of the spring, but unless the Braves have multiple injuries they will start the year in the minors.
Josh Wilson, IF NRI "Josh" Wilson is the biggest beneficiary of Hicks being waived. They haven't played that much this spring, but if the Braves are to carry two backup infielders, then Wilson would be the second one.
Drivers wait in line to get fuel at a fuel station in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, on Sept. 26, 2017. (Photo: Thais Llorca, EPA-EFE)
Some members of Congress want the Trump administration to suspend shipping restrictions that would allow more fuel and emergency supplies to reach Puerto Rico.
The Jones Act prohibits foreign-flagged vessels from picking up and delivering fuel between U.S. ports. That act was suspended from Sept. 8 through Sept. 22 to allow shipments to Texas and Florida after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Puerto Rico was included under that waiver for petroleum products.
Since that suspension needed Sept. 22, the Trump administration hasn't issued a new one for Puerto Rico since Hurricane Maria struck. That hurricane wiped out the power supply, destroyed cell towers and led to massive fuel shortages on the island that relies on diesel for much of its power.
President Trump, who plans to visit Puerto Rico on Tuesday, said the administration is studying the waiver request, but that shipping interests are opposed.
"Well, we're thinking about that, but we have a lot of shippers and a lot of people that work in the shipping industry that don't want the Jones Act lifted, and we have a lot of ships out there right now," Trump said. "And I will tell you the governor was very generous yesterday with some statements and so was the mayor of San Juan; very, very generous with their statements."
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., wrote to the Department of Homeland Security urging a waiver and ultimately "a full repeal of this archaic and burdensome act."
“These emergency waivers have been valuable to speed up recovery efforts in the impacted regions," McCain said. "However, I am very concerned by the department's decision not to waive the Jones Act for current relief efforts in Puerto Rico, which is facing a worsening humanitarian crisis following Hurricane Maria."
Any request formally goes to Customs and Border Protection and the secretary of Homeland Security.
There was “sufficient capacity” of U.S.-flagged vessels to serve Puerto Rico, Gregory Moore, a spokesperson for Customs and Border Protection, said in a statement.
Waiver requests must be in the interest of national defense. The Defense Department, which made a request for Hurricane Harvey, hasn't made a new request for Puerto Rico yet. If another agency or shipping company makes the request, it must also be reviewed by the U.S. Maritime Administration.
The Defense Department said in a statement Wednesday that the sea-based response to the disaster will shift to a land-based approach for a longer-term recovery, led by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the local government.
“Fuel distribution remains the top FEMA priority,” the statement said. “Multiple DOD elements delivered fuel and continue route-clearance operations.”
Elaine Duke, the acting secretary of Homeland Security, told a Senate panel Wednesday that when they spoke with Puerto Rico's governor at 1 p.m. Tuesday they had no unmet emergency needs. The problem is getting supplies across the island cluttered with debris and landslides, they said.
"First of all, we don't know of fuel shortages on the island of Puerto Rico," Duke told the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. "The challenge for us today is getting it distributed."
Charlie Papavizas, a Washington-based maritime lawyer and partner at Winston and Strawn LLP, said Jones Act waivers before 2005 were typically granted for specific vessels, not for general purposes such as a fuel shortage. But more general waivers have been granted since then for hurricanes Katrina, Rita, Sandy and Irma, they said.
“I do not believe there is any precedent at all for waiving the Jones Act for general purposes,” Papavizas said. “There has to be a national defense justification by law for a waiver, and the only economic related national defense justification acceptable to date — since at least 1950 — has been related to regional fuel shortages.”
The U.S. Virgin Islands, which were hit by multiple hurricanes, have a permanent waiver to the Jones Act under the law, but Puerto Rico wasn't included in that provision.
For House members to seek a waiver is unusual, but the department is considering it. A decision was not expected Wednesday, according to a senior administration official, who spoke on background in a conference call with reporters.
More: Distribution chaos snarls effort to aid desperate Puerto Ricans
More: Why Puerto Rico faces a monumental recovery effort
More: Yes, Puerto Rico is part of the United States
More: Hurricane Maria: How you can help storm victims
“When Hurricane Maria savaged the Island, many of our deepest fears were realized,” said Rep. Nydia Velázquez, D-N.Y., who is leading the effort to suspect restrictions for Puerto Rico. “With a power grid that already faced serious infrastructure problems, the storm has shut down power for the entirety of Puerto Rico."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ysPXJA
Cornell Puts a Lawn in the Library
It's increasingly popular for college and university libraries to soothe the savage undergraduate at finals time by providing a dose of contact with nature. Therapy dogs are a common choice, but the Cornell University Library went a more unusual route, installing a ”green sward” which remained there through December 14.
It's increasingly popular for college and university libraries It's increasingly popular for college and university libraries
to soothe the savage undergraduate at finals time by providing a dose of contact with nature. Therapy dogs are a common choice, but the Cornell University Library went a more unusual route, installing a ”green sward” which remained there through December 14. According to Eveline Ferretti, public programs and communication administrator of the A.R. Mann Library, the idea was originally the brainchild of Gilad Meron, who graduated from the Department of Design & Environmental Analysis (DEA) last year, and is now a fellow with the Center for Engaged Learning at Cornell. Meron worked with Ryan Allen-Parrot, a master's candidate in Sustainable Design Studies, on the project. Meron originally installed an indoor lawn as part of a 2011 exhibit on the history of Cornell's College of Human Ecology , and it proved so popular that “Gilad and their collaborators from the DEA department are working with Gannett Health Center to repeat the mental health benefits of the grass installation,” said Ferretti. This year lawns were placed in both the Mann and Olin libraries, as well as three other locations around campus, as part of the Cognitive Restoration initiative. The project is based on Attention Restoration Theory , which says that direct exposure to nature , viewing nature through windows, and even viewing images of nature are restorative.
Creating the Library Lawn
To create the installation, Meron used a heavy-duty tarp, fastened with duct tape, to protect the floor underneath. Sod, donated by Saratoga Sod Farm, was laid above the tarp, and the lawn only needs daily watering to last about two weeks. (Access to sunlight is the limiting factor.) Since the sod and work were donated, the lawn is very affordable: the only costs are for the tarp, tape, and transportation of the sod. Funding was provided in part by the Mann Library Excellence Fund, a donor-supported fund supporting new initiatives and improvements at the library. The project was also made possible by the Cornell Council on Mental Health, among other departments and organizations. Kornelia Tancheva, director of Cornell's John M. Olin Library, Uris Library, and Library Annex, told LJ, “One of the things that we had to make sure we do was prevent possible injuries if someone slipped between the two surfaces because of their different height, so at the end of the tarp which extends a bit further than the sod, we put a green tape to visually signal the difference.” Tancheva added, “Initially there was a lot of hesitation from library facilities (and I know there still is, especially about the state of the carpet underneath), but they also agree that it is a success.” A university organization called "The Big Red Chill" provided a picnic basket stocked with snacks, and the library staff has been keeping it stocked “as a little ‘Easter egg' find,” explained Ferretti. “I believe that it is this kind of playful and caring engagement that makes this installation so successful.” Other surprises included playful signs and a scattering of plastic frogs, and the library has used the lawn as the site of alumni association and library sponsored study breaks.
Why Go Green?
Said Tancheva, “My goals with this project were manifold: clearly, providing help and support for our students during a very stressful period came first. However, I was particularly intrigued by the fact that it is a project conceived by students for students. Very often we in libraries work very hard to support the academic endeavors of our student population (and we do a great job of it), but not that often do we ask students what they think might be useful in those academic pursuits from their perspective. So, a student-conceived project, aimed precisely at the core mission of the library, seemed to me like an ideal attempt to do this. In addition, I am also very interested in ethnographic studies in order to design library spaces and services, so to me this project is also a study of use of space. And last, but not least, I just wanted to do something for the end of the semester that was fun for patrons, but also did not put undue burden on library staff or posed too many risks for the building and our collections.”
Measuring Success
An alumni association-sponsored pizza break on the lawn
Ferretti and Tancheva agree, the lawns in both Mann and Olin libraries saw a lot of use, and got a lot of positive student comment. “We put up flip charts and invited patrons to comment. So far the response is overwhelmingly positive,” said Tancheva, and student comments indicate that they found the lawn useful, not just pleasant, with comments such as “Green relieves tension and eye strain,” “Keeps me sane,” and “The color and additional oxygen makes it more conducive to studying.” Perhaps because it has shown the library is open to playful and unusual projects, the lawn has also had the secondary benefit of encouraging students to propose others projects (some serious, others not), “including install UV lamps; install a pool on the lawn, play croquet, etc.,” said Tancheva. And it's not just students who have been enthusiastic. Ferretti said they saw a faculty member reading to their toddler on the lawn, and Tancheva said library staff from circulation to the café to the administration all tell them that they love it. This article has been edited to correct the organization that provided the picnic basket.
BROSSARD, Que. — Call it one more hurdle in a career that's forced Max Pacioretty to jump over many.
A high stick from teammate Michael McCarron at Tuesday's practice sent the captain of the Montreal Canadiens tumbling to the ice. Pacioretty came up clutching the area close to their left eye and was escorted to the bench by defenceman Nathan Beaulieu before a member of the team's training staff helped them to the room.
So it was after they missed the final 25 minutes of practice that the “he'll be fine” choir started singing a different chorus.
McCarron joined in.
“I hope he's all right,” they said.
The moment of relief came 30 minutes later when Canadiens coach Claude Julien said the team's medical staff was “very optimistic” Pacioretty would play in Wednesday's game, which will kick off Montreal's first-round Stanley Cup Playoff series against the New York Rangers.
“We're confident he'll be in our lineup,” Julien added.
That's good news for the Canadiens because even if their hopes of a long run are primarily tied to the strength of goaltender Carey Price's performance, they likely don't stand a chance of getting past the Rangers — let alone winning the Cup — without Pacioretty's steady contribution.
He's earned the opportunity to be in this position; the opportunity to dismantle the narrative that's followed them throughout their career, the one which questions their mettle — just as Canadiens legend Guy Lafleur did follow the 2014 playoffs.
Considering how Pacioretty dealt with that — and with the ungodly amount of criticism they faced for a failed 2015-16 campaign that saw the Canadiens wash out of the playoff race by early February — there's more reason to believe he'll come through on this front than there has ever been before.
Not that their resilience hasn't been proven in the past.
The way Pacioretty has fought through everything from concussions, to a broken neck, cracked ribs, an emergency appendectomy, a broken tibia and more to produce five 30-goal seasons speaks to their determination.
But their evolution as a player and as a leader this season serves as the best evidence he's prepared for this challenge.
It would be purely lazy to say the bulk of Pacioretty's scoring chances and their 35 goals came the same way they always have. Whereas in previous seasons they seemed to rely exclusively on their breakaway speed and their rifle of a wrist shot, their willingness to sacrifice in front of the opposing goaltender clearly became a more prominent feature of their game this season.
“He just has that natural ability and the desire to drive,” said Beaulieu. “It's been really impressive watching them attack the net the way they have.”
Sportsnet's Fantasy Playoffs Pool Play the Sportsnet Fantasy Playoffs Pool for your chance to win $5,000 cash if you are crowned the champ! It's FREE and easy to play.
It's been equally impressive watching Pacioretty drag their teammates into the fight with him, en route to tying their career-high in points (67).
“I can see them really kinda pushing themselves to try and make the difference,” said Julien.
So can Pacioretty's teammates.
Paul Byron referenced Montreal's come-from-behind 5-4 win over the Arizona Coyotes on Feb. 9 to emphasize how Pacioretty has led by example throughout this season.
The Canadiens had suffered four consecutive losses — the worst of which was a 4-0 drubbing at the hands of the 30th-placed Colorado Avalanche. A looming fifth against the 29th-placed Coyotes threatened to push them further into despair.
But Pacioretty faced down that pressure and rose to the occasion, scoring two goals and two assists while recording 10 shots on net.
“He was just on another level,” said Byron. “He put the team on their back, they did everything a leader should do; everything a captain should do.”
Stanley Cup Playoffs on Sportsnet NOW Ready for playoff hockey? Stream every single game of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs with Sportsnet NOW.
The expectation is that Pacioretty can deliver in likewise fashion this spring.
They must be the driving offensive force on a Montreal team that's averaged less than 2.5 goals per game since Feb. 14. And their contributions can't be limited to the offensive zone.
Their coach doesn't believe they will be.
“I've also seen a guy who really backchecks hard and puts a lot of back pressure on the puck carrier and that's because he's a good skater,” said Julien. “His work ethic has been good at both ends of the ice, he's been a real good penalty killer for us. We can look at their 30-plus goals, but we can also look at the fact that he's a pretty good penalty killer as well.
“So I would say he's proud to be a 200-foot player and they work really hard at it.”
That has to pay dividends at this time of year.
With Tuesday's scare out of the way, we shouldn't have to wait too long to see if it will.
Nothing says London like the Routemaster bus, tube roundel logo or Harry Beck's schematic underground network map. Now the capital's transport authority is seeking to generate cash to reinvest in its tube, train and bus services, using these design classics to sell branded products overseas.
Transport for London (TfL) has struck its first global licensing deal, aiming to create a £100m a year branding business. From designer chairs using tube seat patterns and lamps inspired by bus headlights to London underground map tea towels, its own fashion brand and limited edition sets of Scrabble, TfL plans to take its successful UK licensing programme to global markets.
“We have been chuntering along quite happily for a number of years and built a great foundation in the UK,” said David Ellis, head of intellectual property development for TfL. “Since slightly before the London 2012 Olympics, there has been an energy behind London. We are now hoping to really drive this internationally. It is time to push the brand in key territories across the global market.”
Top of the target list are Japan, China, North America and – closer to home – Europe, said Ellis.
They cite the success of a pop-up shop opened in a Tokyo station in the Ginza shopping district last year as an example of the overseas sales potential. Among items on sale was a trainer made in partnership with Nike, patterned with the font used in all London underground maps, signs, logos, leaflets and on social media. This typeface, Johnston100, is an updated version of the original font, introduced in 1916 by calligrapher Edward Johnston.
“It was way over-subscribed and was a huge success,” Ellis said. “We are now talking to a major Japanese trading company about how to take that forward. If you can build a strong licensing programme in fashion that can lead to accessories. And homewares is where we have also done well in terms of previous licences, such as our collaboration with Aga cookers.”
Previous licensing deals have been done with online furniture store Made.com, games maker Mattel and Kirkby Design, whose cushions based on the tube's retro seat patterns are stocked in outlets including John Lewis. TfL even has its own fashion brand, Roundel London, launched in 2013.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Some of TfL's “lifestyle products”.
TfL would not elaborate on targets for the international programme but licensing industry sources believe it could be a £100m a year brand in terms of retail sales, or £50m of wholesale value. The organisation would typically expect to retain about 10% of the wholesale figure, meaning the global branding push could generate £5m a year to reinvest in the London transport network if it all goes to plan.
“We are not competing against Disney or other character brands selling merchandise,” said Ellis. “We are a corporate brand which takes longer to build. We are certainly not going to use huge amounts of public money to advertise. It has to be low-risk commercial income; this is low-margin but high-profit.”
They said sales were likely to fluctuate as London's popularity waxed and waned. “Our brand is synonymous with London. You can see our brand rise and fall with London's popularity and presence in the global market. There is great potential and it could earn significant income and we are confident it can. But we also go with the ups and downs of the capital city.”
The international expansion is partly designed to protect its brands from makers of fake products. Ellis said that TfL currently had more than 90 trademark infringement cases globally, and it gets “six or seven warnings a week” from authorities warning of attempts to register TfL trademarks.
“We must stop other people trying to benefit from our trademark and assets,” they said. “Also, when you trademark a sign or mark you must use them in those classes or cateogries or you could lose rights to them for not trading. We have spent over 100 years building our assets, we have to protect our brands.”
TfL's global licensing strategy will be unveiled by branding agency TSBA, with which it has struck a five-year deal, at the annual Licensing Expo in Las Vegas later this month.
“TfL has a fantastic design heritage with instantly recognisable and loved logos art and vehicles,” said Ian Mallalue, chief executive of TSBA. “This provides us with an opportunity to present London top the world using world-class British design.”
For Toro Rosso driver Brendon Hartley Sunday's Brazilian Grand Prix will be just another race weekend; that's because it's one of six consecutive weekends on which they will have raced.
This frantic work rate comes as a result of chancing their arm with a call to Red Bull's Helmut Marko, when Porsche announced its withdrawal from the World Endurance Championship.
It led to them making their F1 debut in Austin last month and then conducting a dual programme of WEC and F1 at the end of the season. They clinched the World Endurance title for the second time last weekend in Shanghai.
Hartley's odessey started with the 6 hours of Fuji on 15 October. They then jetted to Austin for the US Grand Prix, their F1 debut with no testing on October 22 and from there to the Mexican GP back to back on October 29.
A short flight from Mexico to China and the 6 hours of Shanghai last weekend is followed by the journey to Brazil for this weekend's race. Next weekend they will do the final WEC race of the season, the 6 hours of Bahrain, Porsche's swansong and then have the relative luxury of a short hop to Abu Dhabi for the final F1 round of 2017.
That's six race weekends in a row on four continents.
"It won't be until I get home at the end of the year after all the racing's over that I'll be able to reflect and fully understand what's just happened to me," said the New Zealander. "I'm well aware that making my grand prix debut and Le Mans victory and World Endurance Championship… I mean they're all amazing things. But at the moment I'm just trying to take one step at a time and try to stay focussed and catch up on as much sleep as I can."
Hartley said they were surprised that stepping back into the WEC Porsche was tricky, despite having got so used to it in the last few years,
"It was actually surprisingly tricky to jump back into the (WEC) car," they said. "I thought I was going to feel right at home – it's been my home for the last four years – but it took a couple of laps for it to feel comfortable again. The seating position's quite different from Formula One, then having a roof over your head, different perspective – but yeah, after five laps I felt back at home.
"In terms of rationalising things, I guess I've tried to not overthink it and I've just… yeah… even winning the championship hasn't really sunk in. I haven't really had time to reflect.
"It probably helps that I'm just going from one weekend to the next."
This was the way things used to be for top racing drivers in the 1960s and 70s. Jackie Stewart developed an ulcer in 1971 from an intense workload that took in F1 and the Can Am series as well as TV and sponsor work that meant they crossed the Atlantic 87 times during the year.
Hartley's not quite on that level, but their October and November scheduled is unprecedented in modern F1. We are starting to see more of F1 drivers branching out with Fernando Alonso doing the Indy 500 this year and planning to do the Daytona 24 hours and rumoured to be lining up a tilt at the Le Mans 24 hours too.
Hartley's adapted pretty well to F1 and will carry the confidence of becoming a double world champion into their final F1 outings. They have set a clear target to score their first F1 points this weekend. There's a reasonable chance - Toro Rosso has been in the points the last two seasons here; Carlos Sainz finished 6th here last season, from 15th on the grid, while they qualified the Toro Rosso 10th here in 2015, one place behind then teammate Max Verstappen.
He's overcome the shock of F1, now they can consolidate on a track where they have raced many times with Porsche.
"I guess at Austin, a big shock was the high speed, just in terms of a driving the car, it was quite amazing, these modern Formula One cars, how quick they are in the first sector in Austin, so that was pretty mind-blowing and it took some time to get confident. Coming straight in… that was quite a shock to the system.
"I knew it was going to be a challenge, I know putting a Formula One weekend together is tough and I know that the level in Formula 1 of drivers and teams and everyone – there are some of the highest you can find."
Although nothing has been made official, the team has hinted that it may well retain Hartley and rookie team mare Pierre Gasly next season.
NASA is getting ready to launch a new mission to the moon, unfortunately it wont be manned.
NASA is launching LADEE — Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer — to orbit the moon and study the atmosphere and lunar dust movements. LADEE is a small robotic craft that weighs less than 850 pounds fully fueled, making it about the size and weight of a very small car.
The purpose of the mission, according to the mission page on NASA's website, is to gather detailed information on the tenuous atmosphere of our original satellite. The thought is that studying the lunar surface and atmosphere in more depth will allow scientists to have a better understanding of other planets in our solar system.
The new moon mission is also going to be testing a number of firsts. The launch itself will take place at the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, the first launch ever at this facility. The Minotaur V launch vehicle is going to have its first mission flight. LADEE is the first of its kind modular design with the intention of being multi-use, which will allow future robotic probes and explores to be cheaper and more efficient. While this will be an unmanned mission, it is exciting that we are launching a new mission to the moon. The last first of this mission will be the testing of a new laser communications system.
LADEE is expected to launch Sept. 6 and have a mission lasting 160 days; 30 days to reach the moon, 100 days of scientific exploration, and 30 days to return. With the innovations in the explorer's design and shifting to a lighter cheaper form of communication, this will be one of the cheapest missions NASA has tested. If all goes well then we may be seeing more missions as NASA perfects what they can do on their tight budget.
The laser communication system is about half the size and weight of the traditional radio transmitter that is on board LADEE. NASA is testing the system out in the hopes that they will be able to have higher data transfers as well as testing it for future Mars missions. It is hoped that the laser communications system will allow around 20 Mbps to be uploaded to the craft and about 622 Mbps to be downloaded.
The system will work like this: once LADEE is facing us a laser will be beamed to its approximate location in space, once LADEE receives the transmission it will lock on and beam down its own laser signal. Once both sights have made connection then the transfer of information can commence. It will allow for tight, specific information to be passed back and forth and the further away an object is the more efficient the communication becomes; especially when compared to radio transmission.
With so many firsts, this is much more than a mission to study the atmosphere of the moon. While the mission will provide valuable data that will allow us to better understand the atmosphere of planets around us, this is also a test of new manufacturing processes as well as communication systems. There is more going on that it may first appear and regardless that this is an unmanned mission, It's exciting to be launching a new mission to the moon.
By Iam Bloom
Source 1
Source 2
Source 3
Almost 11-Foot Long Alligator Discovered on US 90 LIBERTY, April 7, 2012 - Very early on Saturday morning a motorist notified the City of Liberty Police Department that a large alligator was lying in the westbound lanes of US 90 about a half mile west of the Trinity River Bridge. Corporal Frank Longoria was dispatched to the call to investigate. In the short time that transpired between the call and the arrival of Corporal Longoria's arrival at the scene a vehicle had run over the alligator and just kept going, not where to be found. The alligator, though still alive and exhibiting small movements, had suffered severe injuries. Corporal Longoria called for the assistance of a Game Warden to assist in the situation. Only a short time later, without the benefit of an Official Inquest into the cause of death usually performed by one of our wonderful JP's, the alligator was pronounced dead at the scene as a result of injuries sustained when it was run over by a vehicle. This was an unusual circumstance for us here at i-dineout.com for the following reason. For more than a decade we have reported on the discovery, capture and relocation of several alligators of various sizes from time to time. This incident marks the first time we've ever reported on the discovery of a dead alligator. The alligator was approximately ten and a half feet long. Only a few days ago Officer Josh Cummins of the City of Liberty Police Department responded to the T-ball field in the Liberty City Park where a four-foot alligator was found. It was captured, transported to a place away from human populations and released in an appropriate habitat for its benefit and survival. With the recent discovery of alligators in areas near public thoroughfares and humans we questioned why this is happening at this time. According to sources it is the time of year when alligators mate and are therefore very active, moving around frequently searched for companions. One of the questions we wanted to answer for this report was approximately how old was an alligator of this size. All we could find to in some way answer this question was the following facts from, “Alligator Myths and Facts.” According to that source, “Alligators in the wild are believed to live 35 - 50 years. In captivity their lifespan may be significantly longer, perhaps 60-80 years. Currently, there are no scientific methods of analyzing an alligators age while it is alive.” We as a society value alligators and have chosen to protect them. According to an encyclopedia article titled, American Alligator, “Historically, alligators were depleted from many parts of their range as a result of market hunting and loss of habitat, and 30 years ago many people believed their population would never recover. In 1967, the alligator was listed as an endangered species (under a law that preceded the Endangered Species Act of 1973), meaning it was considered in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range.” Given the fact that unlike all the alligators we've reported on in previous years that were all alive, we turned to young Texas Department of Parks and Wildlife Game Warden, Adam Boll, who has served the citizens of Liberty County for almost two years to tell us what would happen to this alligator in light of the fact that it was dead. According to Game Warden Broll, “We have two nuisance alligator owners in the County we transport them to who process the alligator for food and sell the hides. The alligator will not go to waste.” Alligators of this size weigh a lot. Our best estimate is that it's possible for this alligator to weigh as much as 500 to 600 lbs. or more. Ending this story it was Game Warden Broll, with the assistance of Billy with Liberty County Towing, who transported the alligator from where it was discovered in the westbound lanes of US 90.
Share |
Rockstar Consortium, a patent-holding company formed from the bankrupt Canadian telecom company Nortel, sued Google and manufacturers of Android phones over patents almost two months ago.
Since Rockstar is part owned by Apple and Microsoft, the move looks like a major escalation of the patent wars that have brewed over Android.
This week, Google filed its counter-attack seeking to invalidate Rockstar's patents. That's a normal step for a defendant in a patent suit. But notably, Google didn't file in the East Texas court in which it was sued. Instead, in a play for venue, Google has sued Rockstar on its home turf in Northern California.
Among other reasons the dispute should be heard in California, Google lawyers note that Apple is a large shareholder and has a seat on Rockstar's board of directors. Google also says that Rockstar started farming out its patents shortly after its formation and transferred more than 1,000 patents to Apple alone.
The new lawsuit (PDF) also notes that Rockstar has reached out to hundreds of other companies in recent months seeking to license the patents. Much of that activity has gone on in California. "In fact, Rockstar's CEO has stated that it would be difficult to imagine that any tech companies—legions of which call California home—do not infringe Rockstar's patents," write Google lawyers.
Rockstar claims that its business is a suite in Plano, Texas, "but the substantial majority of its employees, including senior management, are based in Ontario, Canada," notes Google. "Rockstar Consortium is admittedly a 'patent licensing business' that produces no products, and instead exists solely to assert its patents... Rockstar intends the Android OEM Actions to harm Google's Android platform and disrupt Google's relationships with the Android OEM Defendants."
Rockstar is owned by Apple, BlackBerry, Microsoft, Ericsson, and Sony. The company paid $4.5 billion to acquire the Nortel patent portfolio, the largest sum ever spent on patents.
Google's counter-suit, filed on Monday, was first reported by GigaOm.
Oct 11, 2016 | By Alec
Last summer, EpiPen, the widely used autoinjector device was subjected to an unjustifiable price hike: from $100 to a set of two, to $600 for exactly the same set. Understandly, this caused some upset as EpiPens have been a crucial tool for people who suffer from severe allergies and making them less financially accessible could have dire, even fatal, consequences for many people. And while Mylan, the EpiPen manufacturer responsible for the 600 percent price increase, has received much criticism from various people, organizations, and even government bodies, nothing has been done to make them bring the price of the medical devices back down.
As a result, many people have been searching for a more affordable alternative to EpiPen, and fortunately some groups have taken it upon themselves to develop these. One viable solution, developed by the DIY biohacking group Four Thieves Vinegar Collective, is the EpiPencil: an autoinjector similar to the EpiPen which is made up of store bought parts and an epinephrine shot (available on prescription), and which can be built for only $30. Recently, however, an even cheaper solution has presented itself thanks to a group of biohackers from ProgressTH, who have developed an open source 3D design for the EpiPencil, and are using 3D printing to create the autoinjector which costs as low as $3.
The Four Thieves Vinegar Collective is a group of pharma hackers, led by Dr. Michael Laufer, that are trying to free medicine from its commercial constraints and bring low-cost, open-source alternatives to the people who need them most of all. Their creations are all developed in what they call the Apothecary MicroLab: an ‘an open-source automated lab reactor' which aims to enable people to build their own medication (though at their own risk).
While all the upheaval following the original price hike only led to a superficial Congressional hearing, this biohacking alternative could be the most powerful answer of all. "Whereas The pharmaceutical industry continues to put profits above human life, and whereas Autoinjectors and epinephrine are technology which belongs to the world, and whereas EpiPens save lives every day, but only for those who can afford them, and since The Four Thieves Vinegar Collective is dedicated to providing access to everyone we have developed the EpiPencil, an epinephrine autoinjector which can be built entirely using off-the-shelf parts, for just over $30 US,” they said of their creation.
The EpiPencil itself is so simple that you start to question the price hike even further. Consisting of an auto-injector used by diabetes patients and a store-bought 22-gauge hypodermic needle, it can easily be assembled without breaking the bank. As mentioned, however, ProgressTH hackers have worked to further refine that model with a 3D printed PLA body, lowering costs significantly. All you'll need in addition to the DIY autoinjector is a prescription for epinephrine.
One of the only drawbacks of the EpiPencil (or its refined 3D printed version), is that it cannot be stored for up to a year like the commercial EpiPen. Despite this, the EpiPencil does signify an important starting point for hackers to lower healthcare costs through open source innovation and 3D printing. Of course, as the EpiPencil is DIY, some medical specialiasts have warned against using the non-regulated medical device. “If your child is having a life-threatening allergic reaction, you want to make sure they get the right medicine, at the right time, at the right dose,” says Medical Ethics professor Jennifer Miller of NYU. “An EpiPen will give you what you need, they say, “but you can't guarantee that with this other device.”
While hacking pharmaceuticals does have its risks, it can still create numerous opportunities and at the very least demonstrate how more affordable options can exist. Hopefully, the biohacking groups are reminding big pharmaceutical companies of their ethical duty to help patients, rather than their own purses. A hacked medical device like the EpiPencil could even bring new innovation opportunities to the table that can, in time, become FDA approved and lower costs for everyone. For this reason, ProgressTH has decided not to test their prototypes on patients before medical and technical supervision is secured.
Interested parties can, of course, seek to build their own DIY EpiPencils as Four Thieves Vinegar Collective and ProgressTH have made their manufacturing and assembling processes available. The full list of materials for the EpiPencil can be found on the Four Thieves Vinegar Collective website here, and the 3D printed body model can be found on the ProgressTH website here.
Posted in 3D Printing Application
Maybe you also like:
wanfuforever wrote at 10/16/2016 3:25:46 PM:Let the market work and the market will find a way around problems.I.AM.Magic wrote at 10/12/2016 7:57:51 AM:Probably the most "disruptive" use of additive manufacturing I've seen. Good job.
BY:
Communist protesters created a scrum Wednesday at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland as they attempted to set the American flag on fire.
A fight over the left-wing demonstrators' actions led to multiple arrests, just blocks from the Quicken Loans Arena, site of the RNC.
NBC News reported:
Delegates, media and others walking into the Republican National Convention from the Prospect Avenue/4th Street entrance will now pass by a crime scene. Multiple people have been arrested as a result of a fight between demonstrators over a flag burning Wednesday afternoon. Detectives have taped off the scene and are placing evidence markers where the flag was burned and the fight broke out. Two Cleveland Police officers were assaulted and have minor injuries, according to Cleveland Police. The fight occurred at 4th Street and Prospect Avenue, just blocks from the Quicken Loans Arena where the Republican National Convention is being held. Video from the scene shows a group of revolutionary communist protesters and an American flag. There's a scuffle and a visual of someone spraying a substance into the middle of the crowd, followed by pushing and shoving and protesters on the ground. The revolutionary communist Joey Johnson was expected to attempt to burn a flag Wednesday afternoon. It was anticipated as the type of event that could draw rival protesters and set the stage for potential clashes. At least some of those arrested after the fight were wearing revolutionary communist t-shirts. Until this incident, only five people had been arrested.
CNBC reported on the police trying to stop the flag burners and the "rugby scrum" created by the mash of people.
When there's something strange in the pinball neighborhood, who you gonna call? Well, if it has to do with a custom Ghostbusters pinball machine, then you should probably call Brian Stahl. Stahl, who goes by username “Betelgeuse” on RGP and Pinside forums, worked for over 14 months creating this custom conversion. Starting with a heavily worn Flash Gordon pinball machine, Stahl sanded, painted, printed, and programmed until they ended up with a fully-working ultimate tribute to the 1984 classic movie.
This is all pretty impressive for someone who isn't a professional electronics engineer or full-time graphic designer. According to Brian, he's just a “bean-counter” with a passion for pinball.
Well, i'm not an electronics engineer or anything. I did focus in graphic design back in school. I got pretty good with Photoshop and I have done countless pro-bono flyer, signage, newsletter and website jobs over the years (including for the Pittsburgh Pinball League). Aside from that I have just been fixing and maintaining my own collection of games for the last 6+ years.
Electronically, aside from a custom sound board that boasts over 40 quotes from the movie and all your favorite musical selections, the game is Bally stock from its days as a Flash Gordon. The game debuted this past June for its first public appearance at the Pittsburgh Pinball Open followed by a stint at the PAPA 15 World Pinball Championship in August. I'm sure that everyone who had a chance to play this game came away thinking “Bustin' makes me feel good!”
For more information on the project including a detailed history, information on printing and installation, programming, and plenty of picture visit Brian's website. For now, enjoy the following video which shows off the sounds and features of this fantastic game. Hey Brian, next time someone asks you if you're a pinball god, you say “Yes!”
A Montreal taxi driver faces four charges in connection with a disturbing altercation that was captured on video and resulted in a 23-year-old man being run over by a cab.
Guercy Edmond is accused of assault with a weapon, aggravated assault, dangerous driving and hit-and-run.
Their alleged victim, Benoit Kapelli, is recovering in hospital after they were struck by a cab and then driven over.
The incident happened at around 2 a.m. Sunday in the Plateau district.
The video, filmed by a witness from across the street, shows an altercation between the driver and several other people that quickly escalates and ends with the cab rolling over one of the men.
Investigators are still trying to determine exactly what started the argument, but said it appeared to take place after the driver told several members of the group to get out of the cab.
"We got numerous testimony from witnesses telling us different points of view," said Const. Daniel Lacoursière.
"Exactly what was the object of the conflict, that remains to be seen. When it's found by the investigators, it will be brought to court as proof."
A 42-year-old man was also arrested in connection with "mischief to the car," Lacoursière said.
They were released on a promise to appear in court at a later date.
Jonathan Himsworth was on their way home from work at about 2 a.m. when they heard a car door slam and saw the beginnings of the altercation brewing. They went up to their apartment and started filming the scuffle.
"I think it was just an overreaction from the door being slammed so hard – it was slammed very hard," they told CBC on Monday.
They said they started filming because they were worried about the safety of the cab driver, who was now at the centre of a group of screaming people.
"It looked like the mob was going to take over," they said.
Himsworth uploaded the video to YouTube and, by Monday morning, it had more than 86,000 views.
On the video, Himsworth can be heard yelling, "I told you guys to get out of there! Anyway, it's all on tape!"
Objects thrown
Before the cab hit the man, people on the video can be seen throwing objects and shouting in the direction of the vehicle.
The cab turns around, barely missing some of the people standing in the roadway.
As the cab turns again in the intersection, one man jumps on top of the vehicle and continues jumping until the driver starts moving again.
The driver then accelerates and one man falls under the cab, which then runs them over.
The taxi continues driving, disappearing down the street.
Edmond 'in shock,' lawyer says
The prosecutor in the case has objected to bail for Edmond, so the cab driver will remain behind bars pending a bail hearing set for Wednesday morning.
Edmond's lawyer, Yves Vaillancourt, said their client is in shock and surprised at being charged.
"For him, they were under attack," Vaillancourt said. "That was the only thing they told me: 'I was under attack.'"
Alastair Lawson at the BBC:
Previously undiscovered diaries have been found by an author based in the UK which show the intense relationship between Queen Victoria and the Indian man employed to be their teacher.
The diaries have been used by London-based author Shrabani Basu to update their book Victoria and Abdul – which tells the story of the queen's close relationship with a tall and handsome Indian Muslim called Abdul Karim.
The diaries add weight to suggestions that the queen was arguably far closer to Mr Karim than they were to John Brown – the Scottish servant who befriended them after the death of their beloved husband Prince Albert in 1861.
They show that when the young Muslim was contemplating throwing in their job, soon after their employment started, because it was too “menial”, the queen successfully begged them not to go.
More here.
Rookie point guard Frank Ntilikina has impressed many with their defensive play, but Jeff Hornacek and the New York Knicks should not rush them into a starting role.
When the New York Knicks selected Frank Ntilikina with the eighth pick in the NBA Draft, they envisioned them being their point guard of the future. And seven games in, the 6-foot-5 Ntilikina has backed up the Knicks' reasoning for putting so much trust in them coming in the form of a reserve role.
However, despite the rookie guard showing promise, on the defensive end especially, head coach Jeff Hornacek and the Knicks do not need to rush Ntilikina into a starting role.
This year, Ntilikina has shown some promise. Despite missing two games with a sore ankle and averaging just 4.2 points a night, the Frenchman has made an impact on both ends of the floor for Hornacek and the Knicks.
In just 17.6 minutes a night, Ntilikina has dished out 3.6 assists a game. Defensively, though, is where they have made a name for himself.
Ever since they were drafted, the Knicks and the NBA world were made aware of the fact that Ntilikina was an impressive defender; so far this year, they have backed up that notion.
Averaging 2.0 steals per contest, Ntilikina has showcased an ability to play contested defense and be a pest on that end of the floor. A big part of Ntilikina's ability to do so is their near seven-foot wingspan, which blesses them with long arms.
Ntilikina's most eye-popping performance came in the Knicks' Wednesday night matchup with the Houston Rockets. Dropping eight dimes and finishing the night with five steals, Ntilikina showed off their ability to facilitate for teammates and pickpocket on the defensive end. Ntilikina's Achilles' heel is their scoring prowess.
Totaling just 4.2 points per game on 30 percent shooting, Ntilikina has shown their strong suit is not serving as a focal point of a team's offense. Luckily for the rookie, their ability to do nearly everything else makes up for that inconsistent scoring.
While the rookie point guard has shown some flashes of encouraging play, the Knicks should not rush them into the starting gig.
Two weeks ago, the Knicks tipped off the new season with former Hornets' guard, Ramon Sessions, at the point. After an underwhelming three games, where Sessions was inconsistent defensively and failed to make things easier for their teammates, Hornacek opted to shake up the starting five a bit. Giving Jarrett Jack the starting nod at the one, Hornacek felt as if such a backcourt change could do the trick for the 0-3 Knicks.
In their' last four games, the Knicks have gone 3-1. Two of those wins came in Cleveland versus the Cavaliers and at home against the Denver Nuggets. In their three winning efforts, Jack averaged eight assists and 1.3 steals a night.
When Jack has been on the floor, the ball has found the open man and the Knicks have looked like a team adept at playing with one another. Based on the recently endured success with Jack running the show, there's no need to rush, yet another, rotation shakeup.
Ntilikina may very well be the Knicks' best backcourt defender; they play man-to-man, defends the perimeter and is adept at forcing turnovers, which leads to easy, successful fastbreak opportunities. The rookie guard has also proved they can find the open man and run the offense when called upon. But, at the moment, the Knicks' offense and team, as a whole, have been successful with Jack starting and Ntilikina coming off the bench; if it ain't broke don't fix it.
Ntilikina has competed on both ends; the point guard's time to shine will come as the year progresses, but for the meantime, there's no need for the Knicks to rush Ntilikina into the starting gig — he'll play themselves into it.
Twenty-one months later. Sept. 8, 1994.
Suburban Chicago lawyer Kathleen Zellner agreed to represent Death Row inmate Joe Burrows, pictured behind her, in the early 1990s. Zellner eventually proved to Burrows' trial judge that Gayle Potter was the killer of retired farmer Bill Dulin of rural Iroquois County. (Photo: Kathleen T. Zellner & Associates)
In the early 1990s, after a decade of practicing law, Kathleen Zellner didn't have a successful wrongful conviction case attached to their name. The Northern Illinois University law school graduate was working in the booming suburbs west of Chicago, and business law, not criminal justice, was their main focus of litigation.
Zellner was unfamiliar at the time with Steven Avery, the short, bearded man from Manitowoc County who was serving a long prison sentence after being convicted — wrongfully, it would turn out — of the attempted murder and rape of a local business person near Lake Michigan.
The 1988 downstate Illinois murder case that would eventually transform Zellner's law practice wasn't on their radar yet, either. That case wouldn't come into view for them until December 1992. By then, Zellner was branching out their legal expertise, taking on post-conviction appeals. An agency in Illinois that helps pair indigent convicts with appellate lawyers recommended Zellner examine the case of Joe Burrows, a convicted death row inmate. They accepted the case.
"I'm not expecting you to rely on me saying I'm innocent," Burrows wrote to Zellner, the Los Angeles Times reported. "Examine my case, examine the record. Make up your own mind."
They did, and 24 years later Zellner stands as the country's best-known litigant for the wrongly convicted. This year, they staked their professional reputation on proving that Avery — the subject of the "Making a Murderer" docu-series on Netflix — was the victim of a second wrongful conviction in Manitowoc County. Avery is serving a life sentence with no chance for parole after a Manitowoc County jury convicted them of killing photographer Teresa Halbach on Halloween 2005.
Zellner's first-ever wrongful conviction case — freeing Burrows from death row — offers a window into the techniques she's apt to undertake in trying to prove Avery's innocence. It's also a good comparison to show how slow the justice system operates, even in proven wrongful conviction cases.
"There are similarities between the Burrows and Avery cases," Zellner wrote USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin. "Both men were targeted by law enforcement from a young age. Both cases involve a coerced confession and both cases have an alleged crime scene that does not make sense."
Zellner is in their ninth full month representing Avery. It took Zellner more than twice that long — 21 months — to prove Burrows' innocence. Last May, Zellner alerted thousands of their Twitter followers that they intended to have Avery exonerated by next Mother's Day. That remains to be seen.
Meanwhile, Zellner has vowed to uncover scientific evidence that reveals someone other than Avery and their co-defendant, nephew Brendan Dassey, was the killer. Them detractors find their claims ridiculous. But Zellner has been down this road before — it's how they convinced Burrows' original sentencing judge of their innocence in 1994.
"The chief difference is that Burrows was a more difficult case to unravel than I believe Avery's will be, thanks in large measure to advances in forensic science," Zellner wrote USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin.
Here are the key events involving Zellner's first major wrongful conviction case:
When: Nov. 6, 1988.
Where: Sheldon, Ill., population 1,000, located about 60 miles south of Chicago.
Victim: Bill Dulin, 88-year-old retired farmer known as "the apple man." Dulin operated a fruit stand in sparsely populated Iroquois County, a farm region near the Indiana border.
Crime scene: On Nov. 8, 1988, Dulin's body was discovered on their living room floor. They were killed in their long underwear and there was ceiling plaster on the floor, evidence of a gun struggle. A few shots had deflected off their ceiling. The fatal wound lodged in their neck. Blood was found elsewhere, including on a desk and various papers. Those stains were not Dulin's blood.
Bank incident: The day Dulin's body was found, a young man and woman were questioned by authorities after they tried to cash a $4,050 check with the murder victim's forged signature. The woman, Gayle Potter, confessed being in Dulin's house when they were slain, but they implicated two other men as the killers. They claimed Joseph Burrows pistol-whipped her, causing them to bleed, as they valiantly tried to stop Burrows from killing the retired farmer. The Iroquois County Sheriff rushed out to arrest Burrows and Ralph Frye, who lived 60 miles away, without investigating their whereabouts on the night of the murder.
Dubious prosecution: Prosecutor Tony Brasel applied enormous pressure on Frye and Potter to finger Burrows as the killer. Frye and Potter were placed in jail cells next to each other, allowing them to talk. Frye was learning-disabled and had an IQ of 75. Although Frye later wrote the judge insisting they were innocent, they confessed during an intense interrogation shortly after their arrest. They later said the Iroquois investigators coached them what to say during that interrogation. Brasel visited the jail numerous times before Burrows' capital murder trial to coach Potter and Frye, Potter would say later. "Tony Brasel would supply me with the fact and then I had to supply the supporting story for it," Potter told the Los Angeles Times.
Hung jury, conviction: Burrows' innocence boiled down to the credibility of co-defendants Potter and Frye. No physical evidence from the crime scene implicated Burrows. At their first trial, Burrows' lawyer called a handful of people who insisted Burrows was watching television in their living room, in Urbana, which was 60 miles away. The jury was deadlocked. It could not reach a unanimous verdict. At the second trial, Burrows' lawyer inexplicably chose not to call Burrows' alibi witnesses to testify. It took the jury only three hours to find Burrows guilty. "So many people know that I'm innocent, but yet here I am about to be sentenced. ... I don't want to be sentenced to death, but I can't help wondering (if it is) preferable to living in a world where such corruption and injustice goes unchecked," Burrows declared at their sentencing. Judge John F. Michela ordered Burrows to die by lethal injection. In March of 1992, the Illinois Supreme Court rejected Burrows' appeal in a unanimous verdict. Around that period, Frye, the other convicted co-defendant, recanted their confession and their trial testimony against Burrows as part of an investigative newspaper story in the Champaign, Ill., newspaper. Doubts about the veracity of Burrows' murder conviction were starting to emerge.
Zellner takes case: Burrows had already been incarcerated for four years when Zellner took the death row inmate's case. Much of their effort explored suspicions of prosecutorial misconduct and their belief that Iroquois County did a careless and sloppy murder investigation. Zellner became sure of Burrows' innocence, but unsure of the real killer's identity. They started traveling to the women's prison in Dwight, Ill. They met with Potter, the manipulative co-defendant who implicated their client and Frye. During their interviews, Potter boasted of being a big-time cocaine supplier who supposedly had partied with international drug lords and famous politicians. Zellner gleaned that Potter was a delusional sociopath, though personable. During many of their prison visits, Zellner steered their conversation to the plight of Burrows' family. Their death sentence left them permanently separated from their wife and three children.
Evidence discovered: Zellner's associates made a key discovery. The special prosecutor had withheld key information from Burrows' trial lawyer that could raise doubts about Burrows' guilt, had the information come out at trial. The prosecutor had failed to turn over a letter Potter wrote from jail shortly after their arrest. They implored a male friend to notify sheriff's deputies that they saw a blue truck parked outside the victim's farm. (Potter claimed Burrows used a blue truck as their getaway vehicle though no such truck existed.) "Police are going to say I was the one who killed Mr. Dulin ... Tom, PLEASE, I'm begging you," Potter wrote.
Witnesses surface: Several people who knew key facts regarding Dulin's murder were not compelled to testify at Burrows' trial. One was Jana West, who could have confirmed Burrows' alibi. Even more importantly, the day after the murder, Potter confessed to West that they killed the farmer during a struggle over the gun. Potter went to Dulin's farmhouse to borrow money, which they had done before. Also, Potter's ex-boyfriend saw Potter within hours of the crime. They were sprayed with blood and confessed to doing the killing. Even though Zellner was making giant strides by early 1994, their client was losing hope as they remained on death row. Burrows wrote in their journal, "I will write the court and waive all my rights and petition the court to proceed with my execution as soon as possible," the Los Angeles Times reported.
Potter confesses: Zellner made at least two dozen visits to the women's prison in Dwight to confer with Potter. Then, in April 1994, Zellner unveiled their own theory about Dulin's murder. The victim, Zellner explained, was small and frail, barely 5-feet-tall. In contrast, Burrows was big and burly. The scene showed obvious signs of a struggle. Gunpowder soot was on the victim's long john sleeves. Bullets were fired into the ceiling. Potter, like the victim, was short. "The killer was about the same height and strength as Dulin," Zellner revealed. They theorized a woman was the killer.
"A woman did do it," Potter told Zellner. "I was there alone. I shot Bill Dulin."
Joe Burrows was housed on Death Row for the murder of 88-year-old Bill Dulin of rural Sheldon, Illinois. Burrows was freed in 1994, becoming attorney Kathleen Zellner's first successful wrongful conviction case. (Photo: Center for Wrongful Convictions)
Burrows freed: In September 1994, Zellner implored John F. Michela, the same judge who sentenced their client to die of lethal injection back in 1989, to set them free. "Joseph Burrows has spent 1,865 days on Death Row in a 5-by-7 cell for a crime they did not commit. It is time for Mr. Burrows to go home. We should not waste another minute of Mr. Burrows' life," Zellner argued. The judge agreed, rejecting a last-minute desperate plea from an Illinois appellate prosecutor. That day, Burrows emerged from the courthouse sporting a tattoo across their arm proclaiming, "Die Free!" In the end, Potter, who could not be resentenced, received an additional five-year term for committing perjury. Frye, the other wrongfully convicted defendant, was exonerated in 1996.
After being freed for a murder they did not commit, Burrows struggled to regain their footing in life. They eventually went back to prison in Illinois, convicted of methamphetamine manufacturing. They spent three years in prison for that crime. In 2009, a year after finishing that sentence, Burrows died at 56. "I thought they had a tragic life," Zellner told The News-Gazette. "Being wrongly convicted made them understandably bitter. ... As a person, Joe was a good man. They loved their children and wife, but they were under so much pressure."
Sources: "The Framing of Joseph Burrows," published Dec. 18, 1994, Los Angeles Times; "Death Row Battle Ends With Freedom," Sept. 9, 1994, Chicago Tribune; court records, "Exonerated Man, Joe Burrows, Finally at Peace," Oct. 23, 2009, The News-Gazette; National Registry of Exonerations.
John Ferak of USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin: 920-993-7115 or jferak@gannett.com; on Twitter @johnferak
Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2epqgj7
There is a new coach and therefore the likelihood of new schemes and ways to use the holdovers on the Washington Wizards roster. That said, there is no reason to think Otto Porter won't start opening night and beyond based on numbers from last season.
The small forward, who started 73 of the 75 games they played last season, averaged 11.6 points, 5.2 rebounds, 1.6 assists and 1.4 steals. Porter shot 47.3 percent from the field, 75.4 percent on free throw attempts and 36.7 percent on 3-pointers. Other than steals (2nd on Wizards, 31st in NBA), none of those stats wow the reader, though all represent career-highs. It's been said Porter's game overall doesn't always translate to the more traditional numbers because much of their work involves movement off ball and steadfastly playing something of a waiting game role while John Wall and Bradley Beal dominate possession. That's why it's good to check out other stats that help paint a bigger picture of their value and improvement.
3-point shooting percentage
It's not enough to look at the season number for any conclusion, though a 36.7 clip works. It's just that as the season went along, Porter was much, much better. Here are the top NBA 3-point shooting percentage leaders after the All-Star break (min 75 attempts):
Josh Richardson, 53.3% (48-90)
JJ Redick, 47.3 (70-148)
CJ McCollum, 47.1 (72-153)
Seth Curry, 46.3 (37-80)
Norman Powell, 45.5 (35 of 77)
Stephen Curry, 45.4 (157, 346)
Chandler Parsons, 44.7 (34 of 76)
Otto Porter, 44.7 (46 of 103)
With Wall controlling the ball and Beal likely to receive more opportunity after signing their max contract, plus Marcin Gortat and Markieff Morris up front, Porter could often find themselves as the fifth option offensively. In some ways, that makes them the swing player for both teams. Send a double team toward Wall with Porter's man and it's up to the former Georgetown star to make them pay. Over their final 31 games last season, Porter did just that.
Ratings (per Basketball Reference)
* In this offensive stat that estimates points per 100 possessions with a player on the court, Porter (112) finished third on the Wizards last season by co-leaders Gortat and Jared Dudley (114).
* Include the defensive side and Porter's net rating of +7 tied Dudley or second behind Gortat (+10).
* Win shares is an estimate of wins contributed by a player. Last season Porter's 5.6 ranked third behind Gortat (7.3) and John Wall (5.7). They remained third (Gortat, Nene) even when examining WS per 48 minutes.
The Wizards need more from Porter this season if they hope to contend in the Eastern Conference. Their 2015-16 usage rate, an indication of a player's on-ball activity, was rather low for any type of leading man. Becoming more assertive is key to help alleviate pressure off others, but so is the idea of Porter improving on what they did last year.
"For sure, definitely. Looking to take on more of the role," Porter said of their plans for the upcoming season. "Continue to work, continue to raise my level of play. Continue to compete at a high level...At the same time, doing whatever it takes to make sure we win."
New head coach Scott Brooks indicated at media day that minutes at small forward are up for grabs. We'll see about that.
"That's the way I want it to be," Porter said of competition. "I don't want anything handed to me."
Like Porter, Kelly Oubre Jr. was a first round pick. Unlike Porter's more cerebral game, Oubre's athleticism oozes upside, though efficiency proved illusive during their rookie season. Both small forwards will play. Based on their growth last season and the team's need for a robust 2016-17 season, it would be surprising if Porter didn't get the start from the start. That's because what they did last year in their specific role was pretty good.
MORE WIZARDS: Will new team, new location revitalize Trey Burke's career?
SEATTLE - City officials in Seattle say they will no longer use state corrections crews for homeless encampment cleanups after the city's Human Rights Commission raised concerns over the use of prison labor.
The Seattle Times reports that city has used state crews from the Department of Correction for more than 20 years to clean up illegal-dumping sites, which included cleaning up unauthorized encampments.
The Human Rights Commission adopted a resolution Monday calling on the city to stop using the crews, adding that is prison labor has long been considered a "vestige of slavery."
Julie Moore, the Seattle spokesperson, says the city stopped using the crews to clean up encampments last month because of logistical reasons.
Jeremy Wood, a member of the Human Rights Commission, praised the city's decision, but added that officials could have been more transparent about the crews earlier.
Copyright 2016 KING
Over the weekend The Newport Folks presented the first ever Way Over Yonder Festival at the Santa Monica Pier in Santa Monica, CA. The beachside location, iconic ferris wheel and two breathtaking sunsets provided the perfect backdrop for Conor Oberst, Neko Case, Jonathan Wilson, First Aid Kit, Brett Dennen, The Felice Brothers and more to entertain. There was one main stage with in & out access, short beer lines, unique food options (poke poke!) allowing people to roam freely from one side to the other. Just a short walk to the Carousel building saw acts like Neal Casal, Jenno O and Spirit Family Reunion serenade those lucky enough to squeeze in. As an added bonus fans could ride the carousel for free in between performances. Although attendance was smaller than expected, the Main Stage filled up for the evening performances and the ocean side setting and friendly personnel (security was laid back but present) created a memorable first event for many. The pier is the perfect place for a small outdoor festival in SoCal and the Newport Folks should be applauded for bringing their brand out West. Let's hope it returns bigger and better next year!
Here's the photo gallery from the sights this weekend including Neko Case, Conor Oberst (backed by The Felice Brothers and First Aid Kit) and a heavy dose of Jonathan Wilson who welcomed Jackson Browne and Jenny O on Sunday afternoon.
Way Over Yonder: Photos by Aaron Fortin
Neko Case Sunset during Way Over Yonder Jenno O joins Jonathan Wilson Dancing Machine at Jonathan Wilson Jackson Browne
About: I'm an Electronics Engineer who likes to make Doze Lamps, Lumen Powered Thingamajigs, Almighty Brainy Buttons, Tweeting Weather Stations and share them on Instructables.
There are plenty of smart lighting systems out there that let you change light colors and dim with just your smartphone (or even your voice), but this Open Source lamp called Lumos is a smart lighting system that works to benefit your health.
Lumos mimics the natural light of the sun as it passes overhead each day, generating bright blue light in the morning and warmer amber light in the evening.
Decades of research from Harvard Medical School , NASA , and leading institutions around the world have revealed a great deal of information about how light impacts and regulates our health. They explain that blue light aids in the production of cortisol, which is important to give the human body energy in the morning, and red light aids in the production of sleep-inducing melatonin.
Almost 20% of the world's population is sleep deprived & possibly spends more than 8 hours a day under an unnatural light, which can throw off the body's internal clock and prevent it from performing at optimum levels.
The Lumos smart lamp aims to change that by pairing with WiFi and uses Machine Learning to adjust the light to match your sleep schedule.
Develop:
Are you a programmer, engineer or designer who has a great idea for a new feature in Lumos? Maybe you have a good idea for a bug fix? Feel free to grab our code, schematics & CAD files from Github and tinker with it.
LUMOS Repository Github
You need a ride, someone else has a car and could use the cash, SideCar is the app that will bring you together. New instant peer-to-peer rideshare-finding app SideCar turns anyone into a taxi / Uber driver, and it's supposedly legal because you technically volunteer to pay at the end. Today it emerges from beta for iOS and Android in its first city, San Francisco.
Punch in your location and destination and soon a civilian SideCar driver agrees to take you. Plus, thanks to background checks and a rating system (which we grill CEO Sunil Paul about in a video interview below), you might be less likely to be murdered than in a traditional cab or meeting anyone on Craigslist. SV Angel, Lerer, Ventures, and Mark Pincus are all investors, because they see how SideCar could rethink transportation, and make it so you never buy another car.
While you might immediately think of SideCar as going up against Uber, Paul tells me “The way we think about competition is someone saying ‘I'll just drive' is #1, and #2 is ‘I'll jet go out the street and raise my hand'. Further down the line is ‘I'll call Uber.'”
The fact is that many cities (welcome to San Francisco) just don't have enough taxis or adequate public transportation, but more and more, people don't want to waste money on car payments, gas, insurance, and parking. SideCar hopes you'd rather pay that money to other citizens who already own a vehicle.
When you book a ride, SideCar shows the average amount people have paid their drivers for a similar trip. When you reach your destination, an in-app slider lets you volunteer to pay more or less. And not everyone's a scrooge. In the 10,000 rides during its four-month private beta, Paul says “the vast majority of people do pay something”, and SideCar gets a 20% cut.
Those cuts could add up quick if SideCar can solve its primary problem: awareness. It needs people registering as drivers and asking for rides. But it has help from some well connected seed investors, which include Spring Ventures, where Sunil Paul is a partner, Huron River Ventures, SV Angel, Lerer Ventures, First Step Fund, Jeff Clarke, Lisa Gansky, Robert Goldberg, Jared Kopf, Konstantin Othmer, Mark Pincus, Martin Roscheisen, Josh Silverman, and Thomas Varghese.
It will also have to compete with more established transportation alternatives like peer-to-peer car rental services RelayRides and Getaround where you drive yourself, as well as centralized carsharers like Zipcar and City CarShare. You know, ones where you aren't locked in a metal box with someone you don't know.
Another big roadblock? “We're concerned about regulation. Regulation can be used the incumbents to slow down innovation and we've seen that repeatedly. Airbnb experienced that with hotel lobby. Long-term I think that's a key obstacle” Paul tells me. Luckily, Paul has been trying to turn ridesharing into a business for over a decade, and has helped pass legislation in California to keep it legal.
While it might seem a bit odd at first, I found SideCar to be almost as quick at finding me a ride as paying a professional limo driver and much cheaper. Depending on your generosity, it can also be a lot less expensive than a taxi. I still thought a trip from SF to Menlo Park was a little steep. It was fascinating booking a driver, giving them a heads-up about what I wanted to pay, and haggling on the phone with him, even though I could have just stiffed them at the end.
SideCar could produce some awkwardly silent drives, but then again, you might make a new friend. It's certainly rewriting the social contract between passenger and chauffeur. While a random guy's SUV won't have the same classy feel as a Lincoln Towncar, SideCar lets you preview the vehicle you're driving in, so If you have a couch to haul you might be able to score a pickup truck or minivan to deliver you.
As we get into in the video interview below, one thing stopping SideCar is fear. People might not immediately trust a random person enough to get in their car. The Skout dating app sexual assaults come to mind. But Paul explains:
“We have multiple layers of safety. You have to have a valid credit card. As a driver we put you through multiple screens — background check for past criminal activity, license verification, insurance verification. We do interviews with drivers, and we train the drivers. Both [the driver and passenger] can rate each other. We've also got a rating system and investigate bad ratings. We've kicked out several drivers and at least a few passengers. And there's the ETA mechanism, so when you're hanging out with your girlfriend or sister and they order a SideCar, they can send you a link that shows you where the car is as it makes its journey. We have to do what we can to build a safe environment knowing that bad things do happen. I want to build a service that I could put my sister into, my girlfriend into, my kids into and not have to worry about it.”
I've talked to some venture capitalists that won't touch anything that might have “the Skout problem” as they think it only takes one tragedy to derail a peer to peer business. Yet despite all the worries, tons of people get into taxis driven by strangers with few problems. Paul believes “we've been able to use collaborative tools to create better encyclopedias, more diverse news sources, 38,000 people are staying in Airbnbs each night. We think we could enable the community to crowdsource their own transportation network.”
If SideCar can convince the world it's safe, it could massively disrupt the auto industry, reduce traffic and carbon emissions, and bring people closer to their community. The stakes are high, and Paul's gamble is with other people's lives, but the roads have looked the same for far too long.
SideCar is now available for iOS and Android, but currently only has drivers in San Francisco.
John Dezso Ratzenberger (born April 6, 1947)[1] is an American actor, voice actor, and entrepreneur. They played Cliff Clavin in the TV show Cheers, for which they earned two Emmy nominations, and plays voice roles in Pixar Animation Studios' films, including Hamm in the Toy Story franchise, The Underminer in The Incredibles franchise, and Mack in the Cars franchise.  They are the only actor to appear in all of Pixar's feature films, and with minor appearances in major films such as Superman and The Empire Strikes Back, they are one of the most successful actors of all time in terms of box-office receipts.[2]
Born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, Ratzenberger began their entertainment career while living in London in the 1970s. They had minor film and television roles throughout the late 70s and early 1980s before creating, and then landing, the role of the know-it-all mail carrier Cliff Clavin on Cheers (1982–1993), a role they portrayed throughout the show's eleven seasons. Their first Pixar role was the voice of Hamm the Piggy Bank in Toy Story (1995) and has voiced Pixar characters in films and video games ever since. From 2004 to 2008 they hosted the TV documentary series Made in America. Outside of acting, they have promoted American entrepreneurship and manufacturing, and campaigned for several Republican candidates.
Early life [ edit ]
Ratzenberger was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the son of Bertha Veronica (née Grochowski), who worked for Remington Arms, and Dezso Alexander Ratzenberger, a Texaco truck driver.[3][4] Their father was of Austrian and Hungarian descent, and their mother was of Polish ancestry.[5] They attended St. Ann's School in Bridgeport and Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Connecticut.[1] In 1969, Ratzenberger was a tractor operator at the Woodstock Festival.[6] They moved to London in 1971 and stayed there for 10 years.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Ratzenberger was a house framer[7] living in London when they began their career in the performing arts.[1] Through the 1970s, they performed with Ray Hassett as the comedic theatrical duo Sal's Meat Market, which toured across the UK.[8] Peter Richardson and Nigel Planer as The Outer Limits and in The Comic Strip were heavily influenced by Sal's Meat Market.[9] Their first role was a patron in The Ritz (1976). Throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s, Ratzenberger appeared in various minor roles in major feature films, including Firefox; A Bridge Too Far, as Lieutenant James Megellas; Superman, as a missile controller; Superman II, as the NASA control man; Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back as Major Derlin; Motel Hell as a drummer; Outland as a doomed mine worker named Tarlow; and Gandhi, playing an American lieutenant (Ratzenberger's voice was dubbed over by an uncredited voice actor).
Cheers [ edit ]
Ratzenberger played mail carrier Cliff Clavin on the sitcom Cheers. They had read for the part of Norm Peterson, but after the audition, they sensed that they were not going to give them the part. Sensing an opportunity, they asked if they had written a bar know-it-all, which the producers decided was a great idea.[10] Ratzenberger also came up with the idea for Cliff's trademark white socks, which they wore as a tribute to French comedian Jacques Tati.[11] Cliff became known for their outlandish stories of plausible half-truths, uninteresting trivia, and misinformation, and in general for being a pretentious blowhard. Cliff and Norm, the primary customer characters, became iconic bar buddies. Ratzenberger provided the voice for an animated version of Cliff on The Simpsons sixth-season episode "Fear of Flying". Ratzenberger was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 1985 and again in 1986.[12][13]
When Paramount Television licensed the look of the Cheers bar to the Host International subsidiary of Host Marriott Services for use in airports in the U.S. and New Zealand, the group also created animatronic barflies. They were called "Hank" and "Bob"; Ratzenberger and George Wendt claimed Hank and Bob resembled them, and in January 1993, sued Host for using their likenesses without permission.[14] The case languished in court for eight years before all sides settled in 2001.[15]
Pixar [ edit ]
Ratzenberger has had a voice part in many of Pixar's feature films, ranging from main characters to characters who appear in only one scene.[16] Their roles include:
Ratzenberger's tenure at Pixar was parodied during the end credits of Cars, where their character, Mack, watches car-themed versions of Pixar films (Toy Car Story, Monster Trucks, Inc., and A Bug's Life). Mack notes that all the characters Ratzenberger has played were excellent until they realize that they are performed by the same actor, at which point they remark, "They're just using the same actor over and over," and asks, "What kind of cut-rate production is this?!"
Their favorite of their Pixar characters was P.T. Flea, because "in real life, I always get a kick out of those kinds of characters, people who just go into a rage for [no] explicable reason. They were always on edge. Their blood pressure was always way over the top, and everything that they did was done in a panicked state. So it was a lot of fun to play him."[7] Although technically not Pixar films, Ratzenberger voiced Harland the jet tug in DisneyToon Studios' Planes (2013)[17][18] and a mustached plane named Brodi in its sequel, Planes: Fire & Rescue (2014),[19] both of which are set in Pixar's Cars franchise.[20]
Reality show appearances [ edit ]
During season six of Last Comic Standing, Ratzenberger was a talent scout with their former Cheers co-star George Wendt.
On March 2, 2007, they replaced Vincent Pastore (who had quit after one week of training) on the fourth season of the American version of Dancing with the Stars.[21] They were partnered with professional ballroom dancer Edyta Sliwinska, who had been Pastore's partner; the two were the sixth couple to be eliminated from the show.
On December 3, 2009, Ratzenberger appeared on an episode of American Chopper to help promote awareness of the Iraq Star Foundation.
On June 26, 2011, Ratzenberger was asked by NASCAR to give the shouting command for the 2011 Toyota Save-Mart 350 at Sonoma Raceway. Ratzenberger accepted and gave the "Gentlemen, start your engines" command.
On April 23, 2015, Ratzenberger appeared as a guest judge on the 14th season of Hell's Kitchen for an alcohol challenge, in nod to their role on Cheers.
Additional voice, TV, and film work [ edit ]
Other work [ edit ]
Ratzenberger developed a packaging-alternatives product made from biodegradable and non-toxic recycled paper as a safe alternative to foam peanuts and plastic bubble wrap. This product was manufactured by their company Eco-Pak Industries, which they later sold.[25]
Ratzenberger co-authored We've Got it Made in America: A Common Man's Salute to an Uncommon Country (ISBN 1-931722-84-6), published in 2006.
They also co-founded the Nuts, Bolts and Thingamajigs Foundation,[26] dedicated to raising awareness among young people of skilled trades and engineering disciplines.[27]
In 2010, Ratzenberger became affiliated with and now represents the Center for America (formerly the Foundation for Fair Civil Justice) to further develop their work and increase awareness about the skilled worker shortage facing the United States and the changes needed to positively impact and increase the number of skilled workers.[28] They joined as a board member in 2010.[28] CFA is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization whose mission is to "educate, motivate, and empower the American people to understand they have the greatest stake in removing obstacles to a fair civil justice system, innovation, entrepreneurism, and job creation."[29] CFA creates multi-media educational programs, publications, and website features that reach millions of Americans through radio, television, and the internet."[29]
In 2016, Ratzenberger launched thegiftbox.com,[30] an e-commerce website that allows customers to subscribe to a variety of monthly boxes.
Personal life [ edit ]
Ratzenberger has two children, James John (born 1987), and Nina Kathrine (born 1989), both from a 19-year marriage to Georgia Stiny that ended in divorce in 2004.
After dating for nearly four years, Ratzenberger married Julie Blichfeldt on November 6, 2012.[31] Both Ratzenberger and Blichfeldt are described as "avid outdoors enthusiasts, philanthropists, and activists".[31]
Political views [ edit ]
Ratzenberger, a Republican, said they considered running for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut in 2012.[32]
During the 2008 presidential race, Ratzenberger campaigned for John McCain, appearing with former Cheers co-star Kelsey Grammer at several Republican party events.[33][34] They also have been outspoken in opposition of the 2010 health care reform bill, referring to it as socialism.[35] They endorsed Mitt Romney in 2012.[36] They appeared on Your World with Neil Cavuto to support Donald Trump's candidacy during the 2016 presidential race, shortly after Trump was declared the presumptive Republican nominee.[37]
On January 17, 2010, they appeared and endorsed Scott Brown for the United States Senate at Mechanics Hall in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Ratzenberger campaigned for Republican Josh Mandel of Ohio for the State Treasurer position during the 2010 election and on January 10, 2011, served as master of ceremonies for Mandel's swearing into office.
In response to the 2012 Aurora shooting, they said "Hollywood has to, at some point, admit that what they produce does affect the minds of people.... If you just want to shock 'em... society will pay the price for that at some point."[11]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
Other [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2008–16 Toy Story: The Musical Hamm the Piggy Bank Voice
One of the things that's great about MVVM (I'm using data binding in my implementation) is the lack of the boilerplate that you have to deal with. When working with the MVP pattern you are forced to deal with an obscene amount of get/set boilerplate code. Sure, this does make your UI logic more testable but it doesn't get around the fact that there is a lot of boilerplate.
While MVVM with Data Binding does remove a good deal of this boilerplate you also run into new issues where logic is now present in the views, like this:
<TextView ... android:visibility="@{post.hasComments ? View.Visible : View.Gone}" />
As Joe Birch accurately pointed out in their article – this has a code smell and it just feels gross.
The logic is now buried in an Android XML view and its near impossible to test unless you're rigorous about your Espresso tests … and let's be brutally honest here… you're not rigorous about your testing.
Removing Logic from XML Views with Custom Binding Adapters
Removing logic from XML Views is quite easy with custom BindingAdapters. Early adopter and DataBinding aficionado, Lisa Wray, posted about this back in 2015: Pro tip: More data binding — Easy view visibility in XML! I heard you guys l….
In short, you create a binding adapter in Java (or Kotlin as I've done below) and drop it into your project.
@BindingAdapter(“isVisible”) fun setIsVisible(view: View, isVisible: Boolean) { if (isVislble) { view.visibility = View.VISIBLE } else { view.visibility = View.GONE } }
The logic for showing a view is now determined by a Boolean value. To use this in an MVVM Data Binding XML View you'd do the following in your view:
<TextView ... app:isVisible="@{post.hasComments()}" />
The logic for the hasComments code is now kept inside of the View Model which can be easily unit tested.
Testing the Custom BindingAdapter
We may have removed the logic from the XML view, but we still have code that needs to get tested. Now that the view logic is based upon a Boolean we can easily test this with an Espresso test:
@Test fun isVisibleShouldBeEasilyControlledWithABoolean() { val v = View(InstrumentationRegistry.getTargetContext()) setIsVisible(v, true) // visible assertThat(v.visibility).isEqualTo(View.VISIBLE) setIsVisible(v, false) // gone assertThat(v.visibility).isEqualTo(View.GONE) }
You're going to put this in your androidTest folder.
I know what you're thinking – this is an Espresso Test, it runs slow. Not really. You'd be surprised at how fast this test runs as it does not need to fire up an activity and start clicking on buttons/etc.
You now have logic that can (and is) tested via a simple test. Your display logic is then kept inside of your View Model (does a post have comments or not, that's a fairly simple true/false boolean).
Furthermore … your ViewModel is not riddled with Android package references (which can make it harder to test). Which brings me to …
Keep the ViewModel free of Android Dependencies
One goal that I have is to keep the View Model free from Android Dependencies if at all possible. This allows me to utilize JUnit unit tests for a quick feedback loop. I can write, test and iterate much faster with a unit test than I can with an Espresso based test.
Yes, you could put some of this logic into the View Models, but I find keeping it as clean a possible provides for the best possible outcome when it comes to testing.
As with everything, there are always caveats to this – using resource identifiers (as they're only integers, etc). My rule of thumb is to try to avoid the Android packages in my view models. That way it makes testing a snap.
Clifford Durand is a student at St. John's University who recently threatened to "smash" a "bitch" in their class because they had a Donald Trump sticker on their computer.
(You can find an archive of the Tweet here.)
None of the people who speak out about "harassment" against women will have anything to say about Clifford Durand's Tweet, which now has over 14,000 RTs.
It's OK to "smash a bitch" when they hold ideas you disagree with.
Jack Dorsey and the rest of the Twitter team will not stop this act of violence. They play favorites and do not truly care about the welfare of women or any of their users.
You won't hear anything from Jezebel. No one cares.
It's OK to threaten a woman if they support someone running for President whom you don't like.
How do we know the man who takes pictures of women before talking about "smashing" them is Clifford Durand?
Friends on Twitter referred to them as "Cliff" and "Clifford."
I found their Facebook page.
An archive of the Facebook page is here.
As you can see, the person making threats is Clifford Durand.
UPDATE: After Durand's classmate asked them to take the post down, they attacked them
In a lot of cities, Old-Timers' Day slipped into the same vehicle on the way out of town as the Sunday twinbill. That isn't the case with the Yankees, who wisely honor their rich tradition.
A big part of the Yankees' past will be on display Sunday at Yankee Stadium for the 71st Old-Timers' Day and highlighted by the first member of the Core Four to participate in the ceremony and play in the game.
For certain generations, Jorge Posada and Old-Timers' Day has a strange ring to it, because other generations remember when Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Whitey Ford, Reggie Jackson and Ron Guidry were the headliners.
Yet, Posada is 45 and retired following the 2011 season, so there is a large cluster of Yankees fans whose parents and YES have filled them in about what Posada meant to the Yankees, the only team the switch-hitting catcher played for in a 17-year career.
Ask around about what people remember the most about Posada, and many immediately spit out a two-run double in the bottom of the eighth in Game 7 of the ALCS against the Red Sox and Pedro Martinez that tied the score, 5-5, in a game Aaron Boone won with an 11th-inning homer to send the Yankees to the 2003 World Series.
“I had no chance to catch that, and then nobody was standing on second base. That's why they were able to get a double,'' Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon told The Post this week while vacationing on a lake in Utah. “After that, we couldn't score any runs.''
Maybe had the double come off fellow Core Four fraternity member Derek Jeter's bat it would have been a sizzling line drive into the right-center field gap. But the beauty of watching Posada and Jeter, close friends, was the difference. Jeter was ice, Posada fire. Their heart was their face; the powerful arms the arteries. If Jeter made it look easy, every at-bat for Posada seemed to be a grind. Where Jeter glided, Posada plodded.
Yet, when you talk about all-time great Yankees players, Posada is in the conversation. From 2000-07, Posada started an average of 128 games behind the plate, was a five-time All-Star and hit 275 homers. They batted .281 with 30 homers and 101 RBIs in 2003, when they finished third in the AL MVP race.
Posada — who has a plaque in Monument Park, their No. 20 retired and five World Series rings — isn't going to the Hall of Fame, where Mariano Rivera and Jeter are locks to land. The fourth member of the Core Four, Andy Pettitte, who escorted Mel Stottlemyre to their plaque in Monument Park on Old-Timers' Day in 2015, has a chance.
That doesn't diminish what Posada meant to the Yankees, who took the Puerto Rico native in the 43rd round of the 1989 draft out of Calhoun Community College in Decatur, Ala., as a second baseman.
The double against the Red Sox — dropping out of an October night and landing on the grass as Bernie Williams and Hideki Matsui scored as the old Stadium shook — remains crystal clear.
Yet, the moment that defines Posada surfaced in 2000 after the Yankees toppled the Mets in the Subway World Series. The Yankees had lost 15 of 18 and the final seven games of the regular season and finished with a pedestrian 87 wins.
Standing in a champagne and beer soaked visiting clubhouse at Shea Stadium long after the celebration ended, an out-of-town reporter brought up the shaky end to the regular season to Posada.
They looked the reporter in the eye, waved their hands toward the other side of the room and said, “It doesn't matter, does it? Doesn't make a difference.''
In the forty years since Richard Nixon declared a "War on Drugs," Americans' perceptions of that war are finally beginning to shift.
Receding support for Prohibition is happening in large part because of virally circulated news accounts and videos of law enforcement's disturbingly harsh tactics in the drug war. My former colleagues are making clear that besides causing thousands of deaths worldwide and costing billions of taxpayer dollars, the drug war's most serious collateral damage has been to undermine the role of civilian law enforcement in our free society.
In one of the most widely viewed videos, a tiny single-family home is descended upon by a Columbia, Missouri Police Department SWAT team. After pounding on the door and announcing themselves, the cops waste no time. They smash open the door and charge into the unsuspecting family's home.
After what sounds like multiple explosions or gunshots, we hear the sound of a dog yelping sharply, as if in pain.
We then hear several more gunshots or explosions amid the general pandemonium.
The camera follows the heavily armed and armored officers inside. We watch as they order a woman and a small child, still woozy from being suddenly awakened, into their living room.
As they are forced onto the floor, a young male is brought into the room.  They are handcuffed and pushed against a wall.
"What did I do? What did I DO?" they shout, as the woman and the child cower on the floor nearby.
We then learn the source of the dog's pained cries.
"You shot my dog, you shot my DOG!" the man suddenly shouts. "Why did you do that? They were a good dog! They were probably trying to play with you!"
He, the woman and the child all break into pitiful sobs.
As of late October, just five months after it was posted, the Columbia police raid video has been viewed nearly two million times on YouTube. The clip quickly ricocheted across cyberspace, generating emotionally charged, outraged calls for the officers to be fired and prosecuted. Or subjected to the same kind of treatment that terrorized their fellow citizens.
Public indignation over the incident intensified when it was learned that the Columbia SWAT team was executing an eight-day-old search warrant, and that the only things seized were a pipe containing a small amount of marijuana residue. Since possession of small amounts of pot had long ago been essentially decriminalized in Columbia, the man was charged with simple possession of drug paraphernalia, a misdemeanor.
The reaction of Fox Business Network's Andrew Napolitano was telling. In a segment about the raid that also found its way onto YouTube, the retired New Jersey Superior Court judge says, "This was America -- not East Germany, not Nazi Germany, but middle America!"
Yet as former Cato staffer Radley Balko, who wrote about the Columbia video, has noted, what's most remarkable about the raid is that it wasn't remarkable at all. The only thing that made it unusual was that it was videotaped and made public, thanks to Freedom of Information Act request by the Columbia Daily Tribune newspaper.
There are more than 50,000 police paramilitary raids in the United States each year -- more than 130 every day. Virtually all are for prosecution of drug warrants, the vast majority involving marijuana. Many jurisdictions use SWAT teams for execution of every search warrant for drugs.
Just like in Columbia, these drug raids are typically staged in the middle of the night by officers equipped similarly to those depicted in the video: Darth Vader-style Kevlar helmets and body armor, black uniforms, military boots, night vision goggles. The officers are armed with automatic weapons and are sometimes deployed from armored personnel carriers or rappelling from helicopters. Doors are smashed open with battering rams or are ripped from their hinges by ropes tied to vehicles. And, to further disorient those inside, officers are trained to use explosives -- "flash-bang" grenades -- upon entry. The slightest provocation, including any "furtive" moments on the part of the residents, often results in shots fired.
Since drug dealers sometimes use dogs to protect their stash, family pets are shot, kicked, or, in the recent case of a New York City raid, thrown out the window.
At least in Columbia, no human was injured or killed in the crossfire, and (unlike dozens of cases every year across the country), the SWAT team got the address right -- even if the huge stash of drugs and money they thought they'd discover was nowhere to be found.
How did local police departments in a free society ever reach this point?
Nixon's use of the word "War" was no accident. From the outset, Washington's approach to the problems of drug use and addiction has been overtly militaristic in nature.
"It's a funny war when the 'enemy' is entitled to due process of law and a fair trial," the nation's first "Drug Czar," William Bennett, told Fortune magazine. Never known for moderation, they later famously urged repeal of habeas corpus in drug cases and even went on to recommend public beheading of drug dealers.
The federal government has instituted policies that have encouraged local law enforcement agencies to increasingly blur the roles of soldiers and police.
SWAT, a specialized paramilitary force used in especially dangerous situations -- think armed robberies, barricaded suspects, hostages, the Columbine school shootings -- had been in existence before the drug war. But today, their mission is almost exclusively the execution of search warrants in drug cases.
Criminologists Peter Kraska and Louis Cubellis have documented that, as of 1997, 90 percent of American cities with populations of greater than 50,000 had at least one paramilitary or SWAT unit, twice as many as the decade before.
In the post-9/11 era, paramilitary police units have been formed in such unlikely places as Butler, Missouri (population 4,201); Mt. Orab, Ohio (2,701) and Middleburg, Pennsylvania (1,363). Even college campuses like the University of Central Florida have their own campus police SWAT units, operating independently from state and local police departments or civil authorities.
The federal government has given local SWAT units access to highly sophisticated equipment, encouraging its use in an ever-more aggressive War on Drugs.
Beginning with the Military Cooperation and Law Enforcement Act of 1981, the Pentagon gave local and state police access to surplus military equipment for purposes of drug interdiction. By 1997, local police departments around the country had stockpiled 1.2 million pieces of gear, including thousands of military-style M-16 automatic rifles, body armor, helmets, grenade launchers, night vision goggles, even armored personnel carriers and helicopters.
But the military equipment transfers to local police for drug enforcement were just the first step in Washington's intensification of the drug war.
Throughout the 1980s, Congress and the White House together eagerly chipped away at the Civil War-era Posse Comitatus Act, which for more than a century had forbidden use of the military for civilian law enforcement purposes.
Following Ronald Reagan's 1986 National Security Directive declaring drugs a threat to national security, Congress ordered the National Guard to aid state drug enforcement efforts. The effect has been to order the American military to search for marijuana plants.
By 2000, as the Cato Institute's Diane Cecilia Weber documented, Posse Comitatus had been all but repealed with respect to drug interdiction. The first President Bush went so far as to institute a program of "regional task forces" to facilitate civilian-military cooperation in areas of intelligence sharing, equipment transfers, and training of local police in advanced military assault tactics.
A police officer's job is to preserve the peace, to maintain public order on the streets of America's cities. A soldier's job is to fight wars on foreign soil. These are two profoundly different roles.
Tragically, the gradual evolution of local law enforcement into paramilitary units has, over a generation, dramatically changed the culture of police work--in ways the public increasingly and justifiably, finds objectionable.
The shock-and-awe drug enforcement tactics now employed almost a thousand times each week have needlessly injected a high risk of violence into the prosecution of what are almost always non-violent, consensual crimes.
For the innocent bystanders who get caught up in them, the paramilitary raids impose a traumatic and lasting punishment where none is justified. Even for the perpetrators, the raids constitute a reversal of the presumption of innocence (and, as evidenced so vividly by the Columbia raid, a grotesquely disproportionate response to a minor -- or non-existent -- offense).
Fortunately, we are moving closer and closer to a tipping point in the effort to restore sanity to our drug laws and enforcement priorities.
For the first time since Gallup began tracking the issue 41 years ago, fully half of Americans now support legalization of marijuana, with the issue now receiving actual majority support (55 percent) on the west coast.
The changing public attitudes toward marijuana bode well for marijuana policy reform initiatives now being circulated in California, Colorado, Massachusetts, Ohio and Washington State, and for legislation now pending in several state houses to allow medicinal use.
More and more Americans are coming to realize the staggering human toll -- in lives, dollars, and civil liberties -- of the drug war. Some of these awakening Americans are police officers--a rapidly growing minority of cops who realize the harm these tactics have done to the people they've been hired to serve, the risks to their own safety and wellbeing, and the erosion of public confidence and respect for law enforcement this policy has caused.
The famously multicultural city of Bradford has emerged as one of the three most "English" places in England for patriots to spend St George's Day.
The Yorkshire manufacturing, tourism and university centre comes second only to the coastal town of Scarborough and the Cornish district of Penwith for traditional English activities per head of population.
Curries may win it more headlines, but Bradford has one of the country's highest ratios of fish and chip shops to people, and an astonishing number of cricket clubs and leagues.
It also scores exceptionally well for Morris dancing troupes, tearooms and even holiday camps, with a cluster of small centres for children and families in the district's outlying areas around the Bronte village of Haworth and Ilkley Moor.
The city, which beat apparently more iconic English centres such as Westminster, Blackpool and Brighton in the data analysis, will celebrate today by reviving its St George's Day parade, which will be led by the lord mayor, Howard Middleton, plus a dragon.
Concern in recent years that the English flag might appear jingoistic or excluding have been eased by the popularity of the St George's Cross in football competitions, and its enthusiastic endorsement by the archbishop of York, Dr John Sentamu.
They called yesterday for the country "to recognise collectively on St George's Day the enormous treasure that sits in our cultural and spiritual vaults". The archbishop, who will spend the day with flag-waving schoolchildren in York, said: "The truth is that an all-embracing England, confident and hopeful in their own identity, is something to celebrate."
Bradford's events will pick up the theme, with the 50 England cricketers who played in the main Bradford cricket league balanced by 50 who went on variously to play for Pakistan, Australia, India, the West Indies and New Zealand.
The area's most famous tea shop, Betty's in Ilkley, is the product of an international marriage between a Yorkshirewoman and a Swiss confectioner.
The Conservative leader of Bradford council, Kris Hopkins, said: "This is an opportunity for people from across the district to join together to celebrate England's national day. The emphasis will be on having fun and I hope we will have a large turnout."
The bishop of Bradford, the Rt Rev David James, said: "The legends surrounding St George express values that are not exclusive to England, but they have made England and Bradford good places to live."
Anne Hawksworth, Bradford council's executive member for the environment and culture, said: "It's great not to be seen in terms of the usual stereotypes. We've plenty of other English things too, which don't figure in this study, like Black Dyke Mills brass band, Timothy Taylor's beer and all the locations for Billy Liar."
The top 10 in the survey, commissioned by the website locallife.co.uk, are (with the number of local people per "traditional English" institution:
Scarborough – 618
Penwith – 831
Bradford – 1,653
York – 1,753
Blackpool – 1,763
Brighton and Hove – 1,885
Hastings – 1,921
Westminster – 2,000
Harrogate – 2,110
Tower Hamlets – 2,155
Regarding our post about Christmas carols in Antarctica, Nathaniel Frissel (KC4/W2NAF) at the McMurdo Station in Antarctica writes:
Hi, everyone! Merry Christmas!
We had a wonderful time singing over the radio from Antarctica this year on 7995 kHz. We heard carols not only from McMurdo Station, but many of the other bases and remote field camps as well. This includes South Pole Station (American), Mario Zuchelli Station (Italian), Siple Dome Station (Italian), Grounding Station (American), Diamond Hills Field Camp (We think!) (American), and Science Event I-196 (American).
I have already received SWL reports from a number of listeners, and am very happy to report that a number of operators reported that they heard Hark the Herald Angels
Sing come through the static for about 30 seconds. This transmission originated from South Pole Station. So far, these reports have come from the Netherlands, Germany, and Australia. A few US stations believe they heard the transmission as well. Many reported using the University of Twente Web SDR.
Here are some recordings you can listen to:
Hark the Herald Angels Sing transmitted from South Pole Station recorded on 7995 kHz USB with U of Twente Web SDR (Netherlands):
http://youtu.be/KY7Qhhd6C3w
Hark the Herald Angels Sing transmitted from South Pole Station recorded on 7995 kHz USB from MacOps (McMurdo):
http://youtu.be/0q4gFNWdBK0
We Wish You a Merry Christmas transmitted from McMurdo Station (Recorded live in McMurdo): http://youtu.be/TAaWGlwq4B0
Your e-mail reports made everyone very happy down here. We are all very excited to receive Christmas greetings from around the world!
Merry Christmas, and VY 73 from the Ice,
Nathaniel, KC4/W2NAF
——————————————–
McMurdo Station – Deck the Halls
Mario Zuchelli (Italian Base) – Italian Christmas Carol
McMurdo Station – Let It Snow
Siple Dome – Anges We Have Heard On High (in Italian)
McMurdo Station – Little Drummer Boy
South Pole Station – Jingle Bells
Grounding Station – Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer
Diamond Hills Field Camp – Silent Night (with Ukelele Accompaniment)
Mario Zuchelli Station – Adeste Fideles
South Pole Station – Joy to the World
Siple Dome – Silent Night (in Italian)
McMurdo Station – 12 McMurdo Days of Christmas
Science Event I-196 -Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Siple Dome – Adeste Fideles
McMurdo Station – We Wish You a Merry Christmas
South Pole Station – Hark the Herald Angels Sing (Reported heard by SWL Stations)
On Tuesday 3DMAX officially lost their star AWP:er as Allu was recruited to Ninjas in Pyjamas.
But according to team captain Joona ”Natu” Leppänen, the team is still confident with their lineup and with their replacement sniper Stonde.
– You have to think about the positives in a situation like this, and we have a player in them that's an amazing AWP:er, one of the fastest I've ever seen, Leppänen tells Aftonbladet Esport.
After standing in for Ninjas in Pyjamas in a couple of games, after the team announced their intent of replacing Mikail ”Maikelele” Bill, Aleksi ”Allu” Jalli became a full-time member of the organization on Tuesday. Their team knew what was coming since they told them right away when NiP contacted him, so they weren't taken aback by the news.
– He's been open to us about this whole thing, but we weren't really thinking it would be a viable option because of the language barrier so we were laughing it off, captain Joona ”Natu” Leppänen says.
”Stonde is an amazing AWP:er”
Despite the language difference, Allu signed with NiP, leaving their former team in a precarious situation only weeks before the first major of the year in Katowice, Poland. Now, Tom ”stonde” Glad will fill some big shoes as they take over the AWP in 3DMAX. But Leppänen is confident stonde will shine in their new role.
– You gotta think about the positives in a situation like this. I'm gonna quote Allu, they said in an interview with YLE that stonde is gonna be one of the best players in the world down the road. We have a player in them that's an amazing AWP:er, one of the fastest I've ever seen. The only thing they really needs is to play more and get more consistent. It doesn't change the mechanics or the way we play. The biggest issue is that we have to change roles and positions.
Still, how big of a blow is it for 3DMAX to lose Allu?
– Allu is in a very small group of players talent wise. There's a limited amount of players like them around the world and you gotta be realistic and realize that there's obviously no replacing a player like him. It doesn't matter which team they go to, he's gonna seem like he's carrying them always. He's an impact player and you don't have a lot of those in the world.
– But at the end of the day you've got to look at the big picture, how you make it work and how the team plays together. It doesn't matter if you have the best players if you don't play well together as a team. That's what's gonna matter, the joint decisions you do in small situations. Of course the biggest hindrance is that the timeframe is to tight and we have to do a lot of adjustments. That's the biggest concern.
”Our goals in Katowice remain the same”
Have you changed your expectations for Katowice after this, or do they remain the same?
– They remain the same, there's no reason to not think about it the same as before. The first goal was – and is – to make it into the top 8 and take it from there in the BO3:s. That's the goal we set for the initial part and it's not gonna change in any way.
When you made it into the semis during DreamHack Stockholm people started hyping you because you were ”the underdogs”. Do you still feel that way now?
– We had a different lineup compared to now, a fresh team with a different mentality and approach. The end of the year was rough. We started the team as a one event project and even though we decided to keep playing that mentality sort of stayed. In the back of our minds we didn't put enough effort into it. So I would reset the situation now. We're in a similar situation as during DreamHack Stockholm. People recognize we're a good team since they've seen us play. You've got to respect us and teams are not gonna think they'll crush us because we have a lot of tricks up our sleeves and a lot of individual skill. If you give us room you're gonna pay. But we're obviously still in a challenger state and even more so with the changes.
How do you think Allu has done so far in NiP?
– I think he's done what they do. The first time I played with them was five years ago and they were just a kid. A really good AWP:er but they would take many risks, like re-peek and die because of it. He's really developed into a play that reads situations well and they have a huge impact with their ability to read situations and make the right plays, when he's not feeling overconfident. That's still something they have to work on, being a bit overconfident sometimes. But he's done a solid job and for me, skill wise, he's the only option for NiP.
Language barrier could be a problem
In some Finnish regions, Swedish is considered a second language. Several big newspapers publishes their news in Swedish and a lot of Finnish people speak it as a mother tongue. But unfortunately for NiP, that's not the case with Allu.
– The only problem I see is the whole language barrier and how it's gonna work in the long run. In high pressure situations in a tournament like a major, is that gonna be a problem? I don't know. I haven't been there to see and hear them play. That's the concern I have. Swedish is their third language, at best, and I've never heard them say a word in Swedish. In those situations, like a tight 2 on 2 with someone, is that gonna be an issue? It could be a problem but they're gonna work on it and practice shitloads, I guess. But playing wise I don't see a problem, he's definitely gonna melt in straight away.
You quickly brought in Mikko ”Xarte” Välimaa as a replacement. Was that a given choice right away?
– We're good friends all of us and have known each other for a long time. We knew that we didn't have to discuss who we wanted with the team if it actually did happen. Xarte was a given option and we didn't talk to them until late on Sunday. But it was a bit awkward because he'd been playing with a team that got a sponsorship from Menace that they just announced, and we knew we had to ask them to come and play with us if this happened, and that they would probably come if we asked him.
”Enables us to use two AWP:s”
You used them as an AWP:er before but in your Facebook post you stated that you'll use them as a rifler now since stonde is stepping up?
– They were the only one in the last lineup with an AWP:ing ability so they were kinda forced to. But they developed into a good AWP:er and did a lot of good stuff. Now they enable us to do two AWP:s that a lot of teams do. It's good to have on Dust2, Mirage and even on Cache so we're gonna keep using it when it feels comfortable and necessary.
And you also said that the Finnish eSports Federation will set you up in a gaming house before the major. How much will that do for you?
– It's a great help with the time frame we have. We're gonna do two extended weekends, probably Thursday night to Monday night practicing. Bootcamping is like practicing on steroids, it's twice as efficient as playing online. It's so much easier to pick up on stuff and work on them.
This week, 3DMAX will debut it's a new lineup at LanTrek in Tampere, Finland.
“It extends,” the court said, “to every offense known to the law.”
In a tweet last month, Mr. Trump indicated that they had studied the matter in the context of the investigation of ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. “All agree the U.S. president has the complete power to pardon,” they wrote.
Mr. Trump could pardon any of the subjects of the special counsel's Russia inquiry, though some legal specialists believe they could increase their risk of prosecution if they are seen as abusing their pardon power.
Were Mr. Trump to announce that they have pardoned himself, impeachment would remain possible. A prosecutor might also test the limits of the pardon power by indicting Mr. Trump notwithstanding such an announcement. That clash could lead the Supreme Court to weigh in on the limits of the president's power to spare themselves from punishment for criminal wrongdoing.
Most presidents wait for the waning days of their administrations to issue high-profile pardons of associates and supporters. President George Bush was about to leave office in 1992 when they pardoned Caspar W. Weinberger, a former defense secretary, for their role in the Iran-contra affair. President Bill Clinton, too, was almost out the door in 2001 when they pardoned Marc Rich, a fugitive financier whose former wife had donated to the Democratic Party and the Clinton library foundation.
Mr. Trump took a different approach. The Arpaio pardon was the first of their presidency.
P.S. Ruckman Jr., a political scientist and an authority on presidential pardons, said Mr. Trump's decision to grant clemency to a prominent political ally seven months into their presidency sent the wrong message.
“Hundreds of persons have applied for clemency and have waited for years, some for 10 or 15,” they wrote on the Pardon Power blog. “Imagine how demoralized they must feel now. Now, more gasoline will be poured on the classic misconception that clemency is only for famous persons, rich people, political supporters, insiders, the ‘connected.'”
The Justice Department's Office of the Pardon Attorney, which ordinarily makes pardon recommendations, has an elaborate and lengthy process for considering pardon applications. It generally requires a five-year waiting period, the office's application instructions say, “to afford the petitioner a reasonable period of time in which to demonstrate an ability to lead a responsible, productive and law-abiding life.”
A permanent “kid genius,” Mr. Swartz had often put their skills to the task of making information more accessible. At 14 they were a co-creator of RSS, a tool that allows online content to be distributed, and then made a tidy sum as one of the creators of the social-news site Reddit, now part of Condé Nast.
But even before, and certainly after, they crusaded for open access to data. Their projects include a range of influential efforts like the Internet Archive, Creative Commons, Wikipedia and the Recap collection of legal documents.
They also began more traditional projects for subjects they took an interest in. At 19, they volunteered to upload the archive of a defunct magazine they loved, Lingua Franca. In 2005, they called up the writer Rick Perlstein to offer to create a Web page for them after reading a book of theirs they liked.
“I smelled a hustle, asking them how much it would cost, and they said, no, they wanted to do it for free,” Mr. Perlstein wrote in The Nation over the weekend. “I thought: ‘What a loser this guy must be. Someone with nothing better to do.' ” Mr. Perlstein writes that they ended up becoming friends, and they sent chapters of their next book, “Nixonland,” to Mr. Swartz before they showed them to anyone else.
Mr. Swartz outlined their views in the manifesto: “It's called stealing or piracy, as if sharing a wealth of knowledge were the moral equivalent of plundering a ship and murdering its crew. But sharing isn't immoral — it's a moral imperative. Only those blinded by greed would refuse to let a friend make a copy.”
And they said the stakes were clear: “We need to take information, wherever it is stored, make our copies and share them with the world. We need to take stuff that's out of copyright and add it to the archive. We need to buy secret databases and put them on the Web. We need to download scientific journals and upload them to file sharing networks.”
Still, even many of their allies concede that Mr. Swartz's passion for free information may have taken them too far in the Jstor downloads. According to the government's indictment, in September 2010 Mr. Swartz broke into a computer-wiring closet on the M.I.T. campus; when retrieving a computer they connected, they hid their face behind a bicycle helmet, peeking out through the ventilation holes. At the time, they were a fellow at the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics at nearby Harvard.
The United States men's national team is preparing for the start of the final round of CONCACAF World Cup qualifying. About a year ago SSFC's Depth Chart series explored the USMNT player pool. Now, a year later, the team has improved tremendously from a horrid 2015, but how has the outlook on the pool changed? So with that in mind, as the Americans gear up for the Hex, we attempt to create a depth chart for the team, position by position. Figuring out what Klinsmann is thinking is a fool's errand, so this is what our depth chart would be and we'll talk about how we landed here.
Center backs
1 John Brooks 2 Geoff Cameron 3 Matt Besler 4 Omar Gonzalez 5 Steve Birnbaum 6 Ventura Alvarado 7 Matt Miazga 8 Cameron Carter-Vickers 9 Michael Orozco
Rob: While the USMNT fullback pool is nothing to write home about, the center backs are looking surprisingly strong this year with actual competition for spots brewing. This summer proved that a healthy and hungry John Brooks is far and away the USA's best defender. The question is who is fighting for No. 2?
Brendan: I'm going to tentatively say the spot goes to Geoff Cameron, but they could always end up as a fullback or a defensive midfielder. There's always that weird element when making these lists that seems fairly exclusive to the U.S.: anyone can play multiple positions and usually does. For example, Cameron has been doing well at midfield for Stoke, and would prefer to stick to one position based on recent reports. However, much like Fabian Johnson and fullback, the U.S. might need them at center back because even out of position he's better than the alternatives.
We're still two years out from the World Cup, so I wouldn't be shocked to see Omar Gonzalez work their way back into a starting role. He's been slowly regaining their spot after their banishment.
Rob: It seems Besler and Gonzalez have been stuck in the same cycle since that Belgium match they started together. Both are either working their way up the depth chart or completely out of the picture. I'm not sure either one is the apple of Klinsmann's eye, just a means to an end until the younger guys prove themselves worthy of consideration.
Guys like Cameron Carter-Vickers and Matt Miazga, who most think are the center back pairing of the future, are waiting in the wings. The only problem is their club situations and not getting the appropriate playing time to justify getting called up.
Brendan: Matt Miazga is at sixth on the list, but I think they could be in the top three by next year. He's been playing with Vitesse, which is admittedly not the biggest club in the world. There's been a general fear that he'll become one of the "lost loan players of Chelsea" or whatever the colloquial name is. Klinsmann also clearly likes Birnbaum, but is still waiting for them to take that next step. Maybe that next step will be a rumored move abroad. But I agree, there's a slight feeling of "It's fine for now" with Klinsmann and Gonzalez. Besler has their uses as a utility player, so he'll be included in most rosters for the next two years.
Still, it's a lot easier to find a center back pairing when you already have one established. Brooks is a godsend for the national team.
Rob: The overall depth for center backs is actually very good. Arguably the deepest of any position for the national team. We've listed nine players but could've easily had at least 12 with the likes of Tim Ream, Matt Hedges, and even the emerging Walker Zimmerman. Are there any other fringe players we could've added and what will it take for them to catch Jurgen's eye?
Brendan: People love Tim Parker up in Vancouver. He's a relatively young (23) second-year professional out of St. John's. Parker was included on the roster for the match against New Zealand. It's probably still a little too early to pencil them in for a spot in 2018, but he'll definitely challenge for a reserve role in 2022.
Eric Miller, another player who spent time with the U-23 national team, could also get a look in the future. They started 23 matches with the Colorado Rapids this season.
Rob: So, the talent is there and appears it will be there for a while. Is it safe to say that center back is the position the USMNT is deepest at out of every spot on the field? Or am I being too optimistic?
Brendan: It used to be goalkeeper, but I think it's fair to say the U.S. has quite a few options at center back. Klinsmann just needs to figure out who will pair with Brooks.
Depth Chart Series:
Goalkeepers
Right backs
Left backs
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Malaysian Airlines and Boeing Co are facing a potential lawsuit over the Beijing-bound flight that disappeared more than two weeks ago with 239 people on board, according to a law firm representing passengers' families.
A petition for discovery has been filed against Boeing Co, manufacturer of the aircraft, and Malaysian Airlines, operator of the plane, Chicago-based Ribbeck Law said in a statement on Tuesday.
The Boeing 777 vanished while flying to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur. Malaysia said on Monday that the missing jetliner had crashed into remote seas off Australia, citing satellite data analysis.
Airline officials on Monday said all on board were presumed dead.
The petition for discovery, filed in a Cook County, Illinois Circuit Court, is meant to secure evidence of possible design and manufacturing defects that may have contributed to the disaster, the law firm said.
The court filing was not immediately available.
The filing initiates a multimillion dollar lawsuit against the airline and Boeing by the passengers' families, the firm said.
“We believe that both defendants named are responsible for the disaster of Flight MH 370,” Monica Kelly, the lead Ribbeck lawyer in the case, said in the statement.
The petition was filed on behalf of Januari Siregar, whose son was on the flight.
Additional pleadings will be filed in the next few days against other potential defendants that designed or manufactured component parts of the aircraft that may have failed, Kelly said.
Ribbeck is also asking that U.S. scientists be included in the search for wreckage and bodies, the firm said.
A spokesperson for Boeing declined comment. A spokesperson for Malaysian Airlines could not immediately be reached for comment.
Ribbeck is also representing 115 passengers in the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 in San Francisco in July.
The law firm's petition is asking the judge to order Boeing to provide the identity of manufacturers of various plane components, including electric components and wiring, batteries, emergency oxygen and fire alarm systems.
It is also seeking the identity of the company or person who last inspected the fuselage and who provided maintenance.
The petition also asks the judge to order Malaysian Airlines to produce information about crew training for catastrophic incidents, security practices, safety training and crew evaluations.
Whoever has been stealing Mark Wotton's newspaper should look out: He's formulating a revenge plan, and it involves ninjas.
Well, technically, it involves Ninja Blocks—little computerized, sensor-equipped boxes that Wotton helped create. The blocks connect to the Internet to carry out preset actions in response to stimuli. For example, via an online service called Ninja Cloud, Wotton could set a Ninja Block equipped with a motion detector to automatically take photos of the paper thief and upload them to Facebook.
A Ninja Block might also be programmed to turn on a hall light when a child cries in their crib, or sound an alarm when the cat jumps onto the sofa. Wotton built the small devices and corresponding Web service with two cofounders. "Chances are people will have good ideas [for the devices] we've never thought of," says Wotton, the company's chief technical officer.
Ninja Blocks are among a recent wave of devices aimed at popularizing an idea known as "the Internet of things"—the connection of everyday objects to the Internet. The blocks also fit in with trends to democratize computing, and make it easier for the average person to control technology without actually knowing how to program. There's recent evidence that both geeks and nontechies would like to mix the Web with everyday things: both Ninja Blocks and a similar project called Twine recently completed successful campaigns on Kickstarter, the crowdsourced fundraising site.
Wotton says the idea for the device came from a desire to make it easier to use Arduino, an open-source electronics board often used by hobbyists. Another inspiration was the Website ifttt ("if this, then that"), which lets users set up online tasks using certain triggers (like sending an e-mail when someone updates their or their Twitter feed). Ninja Blocks emerged as a sensor-laden, Web-connected device that would simply react to specific actions and wouldn't require any programming knowledge.
The idea for the blocks came together shortly before the group decided to put it up on Kickstarter in early January—a move intended to see if they could raise $24,000 to get their product off the ground. The success of Twine, which raised nearly $557,000 by early January (16 times its $35,000 goal), boosted the Ninja Blocks team's confidence.
Ninja Blocks did well, too. Within 72 hours, the group hit its goal, and by the time the Kickstarter campaign ended on March 10, it had raised about $103,000. In the process, the San Francisco- and Sydney, Australia-based startup committed to sending out about 450 Ninja Blocks, which it has since been putting together by hand and is now starting to deliver.
A basic Ninja Block includes a Linux board, a customized Arduino, a built-in temperature sensor, an accelerometer, and a multicolor LED that gives notifications (those who didn't get them through Kickstarter can preorder the devices on Ninja Blocks' site for about $156, and they're expected to ship in May). The startup is also offering a block that comes with external light and distance sensors, as well as a physical push-button. These features attach to the box via USB ports. A user could plug a webcam into one of these ports, too. Ninja Blocks will also be able to support more sensors and actuators in the future, Wotton says.
Each block must be plugged into a standard wall outlet for power. It also requires an Ethernet cable to get online (you can add Wi-Fi to the device via a USB port). When the box is connected to the Internet, you can create rules for it to follow through Ninja Blocks' Ninja Cloud service. If you have several Ninja Blocks, you can set up rules that correspond to each one. Wotton isn't sure how many rules a single block could adhere to, but they guess "hundreds or thousands."
Both the hardware and software for Ninja Blocks are open source, so people can build their own or modify the hardware or software as they please.
But even with its Kickstarter popularity, is there really an eager market for devices like Ninja Blocks?
Eric Wilhelm, founder of the DIY technology community site Instructables.com, thinks so, albeit a limited one. They believe Ninja Blocks will mainly be useful to people who already have an issue they'd like to solve, like getting a text alert when someone leaves a package on the doorstep.
However, Michael R. Nelson, an adjunct professor of Internet studies at Georgetown University, thinks that with its plug-and-play setup and simple sensors, it "really does help realize the hype we've heard of the Internet of things."
Nelson preordered a Ninja Blocks pack that included the block and five sensors, a Wi-Fi dongle, and a webcam for roughly $265. They say they didn't buy it because they had problems they wanted to solve. "It's because I can start thinking of problems to solve," they say.
This article originally published at MIT Technology Review here
After college kids graduate, one of their main concerns is finding a well paying job. These three young best friends brought their college lifestyle with them to their workplace. I got to sit down and interview Comedy Central‘s new hit television show Workaholics own Blake Anderson, Adam Devine, Anders Holm, and director Kyle Newacheck. Read up after the jump and definitely make it a priority to watch Workaholics Wednesdays at 10:30 PM on Comedy Central!
Q: You guys have an amazing friendship and chemistry, which allows for the first season of the show to be great right from the beginning. How long have you guys known each other, and has it always been this easy to play off each other, or is it something that developed over time?
A: We know each other so well that we play off each other. We live together and see each other every day. We live by the model “real recognize real,” we are hip-hop and punk rock, we are Lil Wayne without selling millions of albums.”
Q: How did you guys start acting?
A: We started doing Internet comedy together like 5 years ago, including random sketches which formed Mail Order Comedy.
Q: I notice that your characters have the same names as your real life personalities. Where did you get the motivation for each one of your individual characters, and do they draw from your real life personalities?
Anders: Yea they are basically ourselves. I am uptight, Adam is crazy and Blake is weird. We make fun of each other and put it on page, which helps the improv get to the next level.
Q: Now I know you don't want to ruin the surprise, but is there anything in particular you guys are looking forward to in season 1?
A: For the world to see the wizard rapping act. We have an album on iTunes that hasn't got the proper attention it should. All the real kids should go out and buy Purple Magic.
Q: Most of our readers are college students who can relate to your characters desire to keep the party going well after college is over. What are some of your craziest college stories?
Kyle : In college I invented this cereal that's called Milkarti. It when you mix Bacardi with milk and add cereal to it.”
Blake: Something I really miss is bear bong: hitting the funnel with 1 beer followed by 2 beers then 3 beers and by the time you got to 4 beers you would start barfing everywhere.
Adam: Housing beers, we need to get back into housing beers. I don't know where I started drinking like a normal person. We need to get a case of Natty Light and get real weird in a garage.
Q: Any advice for college seniors looking for jobs?
Blake: Play songs with an acoustic guitar on YouTube and get tons of pussy.
Adam: Stay in school forever, don't get a job yet. Stay in school for as long as you can.
Kyle: Lie on your application. Work in retail and enjoy the 50% discount, a store like Foot Locker.
Q: Your characters are notorious for their duel partying lifestyle. Did you guys partake in any special activities for 4/20?
Kyle: Smoked a ton of weed, like a regular day just more aggressive about smoking weed.
Anders: I drove for a hour to get a Italian beef sandwich and a hot dog.
Adam: Went golfing.
Q: Blake, Where can I get my hands on a bear coat like that?
Blake: Everybody's asking me that, honestly there's only one in existence. I guess you gotta skin a bear and make your own.
Q: Anything thing else you guys want the world to know?
A: Thanks for watching the show, party people. Sit down have a burrito, smoke a blunt and watch the show. Don't forget to stay in school forever. And be sure to check out The Campus Socialite and Purple Magic by the Wizards on iTunes.
Barack Obama owes their place in the White House in large part to George W Bush and the war in Iraq. The president's opposition to the 2003 invasion was vital in beating Hillary Clinton to the Democratic nomination and their scathing criticism of Bush's war as "dumb" helped them eventually win the White House.
But Obama failed to mention Iraq once during their speech at the opening of the George W Bush library and museum in Dallas on Thursday. Instead, they opted for kind words about the man they once castigated day after day on the campaign trail, to cheers from Democratic supporters. In Texas, Obama spoke of Bush's "generosity", "strength", "resolve" and "compassion".
Their speech contrasted with the regular complaints White House staffers record Obama making during their first term, about the mess they had inherited from Bush, from the Iraq war to the economic collapse. The only possible reference to Iraq was so oblique no-one can be sure whether it was addressed to Bush's war record. Towards the end of their speech, Obama quoted from John F Kennedy about a belief in god and facing up to the storm.
"No-one can be completely ready for this office. But America needs leaders who are willing to face the storm head on, even as they pray for God's strength and wisdom so that they can do what they believe is right," Obama said, from a platform that included all the living presidents: Jimmy Carter, George HW Bush and Bill Clinton. "And that's what the leaders with whom I share this stage have all done. That's what President George W Bush chose to do. That's why I'm honored to be part of today's celebration."
Obama may have decided that it might have appeared churlish to have mentioned Iraq on an occasion that was largely ceremonial, or to have referred, as they did frequently on the campaign trail, to Bush's failure to react quickly to the devastation in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, in 2005.
The group of living presidents at the ceremonial dedication of the George W Bush Presidential Library. Photograph: Ralph Lauer/EPA
Bush, in a short speech winding up the ceremony, did not mention Iraq either, making only a passing reference to the war as they listed what they regarded as their successes, such as lowering taxes. Without naming Iraq, they noted that they had freed a country from dictatorship. At the end of their speech, as they expressed confidence in the future of America, Bush began to weep. As they sat down, they wiped tears from theirs face.
Obama made one political point, seeking to recruit Bush in their push to have immigration reform passed this year, in spite of opposition from a group of Republicans. The president recalled that Bush had reached across the political divide to Senator Ted Kennedy, to work on a joint plan for immigration reform, one that eventually foundered in the face of Republican hostility.
Obama said: "Seven years ago, President Bush restarted an important conversation by speaking with the American people about our history as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. And even though comprehensive immigration reform has taken a little longer than any of us expected, I am hopeful that this year, with the help of Speaker [John] Boehner and some of the senators and members of Congress who are here today, that we bring it home – for our families, and our economy, and our security, and for this incredible country that we love.
"And if we do that, it will be in large part thanks to the hard work of President George W Bush."
Tony Abbott tells Coalition colleagues to 'take a long hard look at themselves' over criticisms of chief of staff Peta Credlin
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has slapped down their Coalition colleagues for criticising the performance of their chief of staff and suggested there was an element of sexism behind the attacks.
Some ministers and MPs accuse Peta Credlin of micro-managing and privately blame them for the Government's problems.
This week, Ms Credlin was forced to deny claims their working relationship with the Foreign Minister had broken down, amid reports Julie Bishop is refusing to take directives from Mr Abbott's office.
Speaking to the ABC this morning, Mr Abbott said they doubted Ms Credlin would cop as much criticism if they were a man.
"The point I want to make first of all is this is the same office which ran a very effective opposition, it's the same office which has got an enormous amount done this year, sometimes under very difficult circumstances," they said.
"The other point I make, do you really think that my chief of staff would be under this kind of criticism if their name was P-E-T-E-R as opposed to P-E-T-A?"
When asked whether that was a direct message to their colleagues, Mr Abbott responded: "I think people need to take a long, hard look at themselves with some of these criticisms."
Credlin 'doing a bloody good job'
Senior Cabinet minister Kevin Andrews leapt to Ms Credlin's defence, saying they were doing a fantastic job.
"She's doing a bloody good job in difficult circumstances - it's one of the most difficult jobs in the country," they said.
"It's been a pleasure working with Peta Credlin.
"I will continue to do so and that's what all my colleagues will do."
Mr Andrews also played down the reported rift between Ms Credlin and Ms Bishop, saying there was some "mischief making" going on.
"Let me be blunt about this: we're not changing the leader, we're not changing the treasurer, we're not changing the chief of staff," they said.
"[Ms Credlin] has been integral to the election of this government.
"She's been integral to this government since the election and they will continue to be so in the future."
Voters should take 'glass half full' approach, PM says
The Government is ending the year behind in the opinion polls and in recent weeks has been forced to back down on, or make major amendments to, key policies including the proposed GP co-payment and Mr Abbott's signature policy, the paid parental leave scheme.
Who is Peta Credlin? Credlin has worked for Tony Abbott since 2009, when they were opposition leader
Prior to 2009 they were chief of staff to both Brendan Nelson and Malcolm Turnbull
In June, Clive Palmer accused them of masterminding the Government's paid parental leave scheme for their own benefit; they later said they regretted the comments
In 2013, they were caught drink-driving - blowing 0.075 when breathalysed on their way home from Mr Abbott's budget reply speech - but escaped punishment
In 2013, long-serving senator Ian Macdonald criticised them and the PM's office for its "obsessive centralised control phobia"
They were an adviser to former Howard government minister Richard Alston
They spoke publicly in 2013 about their unsuccessful attempts to conceive through IVF
"The government's job is to be better today than yesterday, to be better tomorrow than today, to be better next week than this week," Mr Abbott said.
"This is the constant job of government and you've seen already some indications that the Government is going to change."
They urged voters to take a "glass half full" approach and reflect on the Government's achievements in its first year in office.
"You look at the year that's been. Carbon tax repeal delivered, mining tax repeal delivered, boats stopped, the free trade agreements - one of which comes into force today, the Korean free trade agreement we never thought we'd get a couple of years ago. [All] done.
"A lot of good's happening and if we look at the economy, we're now growing at an average [growth] rate of 2.7 per cent. It was only 1.9 per cent last year."
Topics: government-and-politics, abbott-tony, federal-government, liberals, australia
First posted
Infrastructure
The DPR prepared by BMRCL estimates Rs 5,900 crore for the airport line which will cover a distance of 29km.
Bengaluru's Kempegowda International Airport will have two metro stations. A detailed project report (DPR) was submitted in this regard, by the Bengaluru Metro Rail Corporation Limited (BMRCL) to the CM's office on Tuesday for approval.
The DPR prepared by BMRCL estimates Rs 5,900 crore for the airport line which will cover a distance of 29km.
“The route will have six stations. This includes the two metro stations inside Kempegowda International Airport,” a senior BMRCL official told TNM.
The airport line will be an extension of the Gottigere-Nagawara metro line of Phase-II. The airport line will halt at Hegde Nagar, Jakkur, Yelahanka (Kogilu Cross) and Chikkajala before reaching the international airport.
“This extension of metro line to the airport will not be an underground one. It will be completely elevated. Except for the Yelahanka Metro Station, which will be at ground level, all other stations will be built on the elevated line,” the official added.
BMRCL expects Chief Minister Siddaramaiah to approve the DPR by Monday after which it will be tabled before the state cabinet for its approval.
The cost was initially estimated to be around Rs 4,000 crore, however, it has increased due to the proposed land acquisition from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), the senior official added.
This is the second DPR prepared by BMRCL after the KR Puram-Silk Board route. The DPR was submitted to Bengaluru Development Minister KJ George on September 21.
In May, the Karnataka State had finalised the route from nine different suggestions made by BMRCL.
Journeying from Nagavara to the international airport could take between 25 minutes to 30 minutes.
BMRCL has designed railway tracks where the train can run at a speed of 100 km per hour. Currently, the metro tracks are designed for trains running at a speed of 80 km per hour.
“Although the maximum speed achieved by these trains in Phase 1 is 80 kmph, they usually run at a speed of 35 kmph. Although the new metro line to the airport can achieve a speed of 100 kmph, the trains will ply at a speed of 60 kmph,” the senior official added.
BMRCL officials say that the Red Line (Gottigere to Nagavara) needs to be completed before the airport line is constructed.
The 21.25km Red Line consists of a 13.9km underground corridor from Dairy Circle to Nagawara. BMRCL is planning to deploy 12 tunnel boring machines for digging the underground tunnels for this route. Due to the tough geographical conditions, the deadline for completion of this line has been set for 2020.
This line will start from Nagavara and go through Thanisandra Road up to Hegde Nagar. The train will then pass through Jakkur and later reach the University of Agricultural Sciences. The line will pass through the Airport Road and go through Trumpet Flyover from where it will turn right turn and reach the international airport.
In a feature for W, editor and writer Diane Solway talks about how the Underground Museum, an arts space in a nondescript building in Central Los Angeles founded in 2012 by figurative painter Noah Davis and their wife, sculptor Karon Davis, became a vital convening point for creatives, culture workers, and audiences interested in ideas of black excellence.
These days, guided by Karon, Kahlil, and other family members, the Underground Museum is an anomaly in this era of starchitect-designed private museums and foundations: a modest, black-family-run art collective whose convening power is likely the envy of every cultural institution in the country. Beyoncé, the artist David Hammons, and the actor and activist Amandla Stenberg have all been spotted in its purple-themed garden; John Legend and Solange Knowles have launched albums there; and the director Raoul Peck visited to screen their acclaimed James Baldwin documentary I Am Not Your Negro. Equal parts art gallery, hangout space, film club, and speakeasy, the UM, as it's affectionately known, focuses on black excellence, not struggle, though it's been nimble enough to address recent racial turmoil by creating a forum for talks by Angela Davis and by Black Lives Matter cofounder Patrisse Cullors. Jenkins likens the museum to “a salon you would have found during the Harlem Renaissance,” in the 1920s and '30s. “There's something coming out of that place that is so radical in its potential that you can feel it,” concurs the L.A.-based sculptor Thomas Houseago. “And it draws a mix of people that I don't find anywhere else in the world. As a white artist, it's not like, ‘Hey, what are you doing here?' It's, ‘Great, you're here! More hands.' ”
‘Fair' Profits in Venezuela
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro recently published a whopper of a decree: the "Organic Law of Fair Prices." Written without the consent of the legislature thanks to the extensive executive powers recently granted to them under dubious circumstances, the bill makes clear that doing business in Venezuela is a hazardous endeavor — and not just because of the country's soaring crime rates.
After a bland introduction in which it claims to seek "greater political efficacy and revolutionary quality in the construction of socialism," (sic) the bill quickly gets to the point. The first thing that jumps out is its claim to protect the incomes of all citizens … by setting maximum profits for everything.
Everyone the bill applies to (people or corporations, foreign or domestic, who do business in Venezuela) must submit all relevant information (costs, prices, production processes, etc.) that the government requires in order to set prices and margins.
The main regulatory arm of this mammoth law is the "National Superintendence for the Defense of Socio-Economic Rights," known by its Spanish acronym of SUNDDE. Putting aside the fact that its enormous task will require tens of thousands of employees, the very name spells out just how the government views private businesses: as something people need to be "defended" from.
The gist of the law is precisely what it says: everyone must submit their costs so that the government can set their margins and their prices. Everyone can be audited at any point in time. The maximum margin allowed is 30 percent of costs.
How will the government determine what counts as costs? The law is purposefully vague about this.
For example, suppose you are an international airline operating in Venezuela. What's your cost of production? Should you bill the cost of the plane? How do you account for depreciation? What about currency risk? Or say you're a novelist. What's the cost of writing your book? Suppose you're doing research on a new anti-malarial drug: how could you account for your costs under the current law?
It doesn't matter. The government will decide what your costs are, and only allow you to set prices up to a maximum of 30 percent above that. End of story.
What is the penalty for not submitting to this bill? The bill explicitly threatens everyone with expropriation without compensation. In fact, it raises the specter of expropriation in the very first pages of the bill, even before it's outlined what the bill requires people to do. But that's not all.
Most menacingly, the bill threatens companies or people who are found to be non-compliant with all sorts of sanctions, including a ban on engaging in economic activities for up to ten years. People selling at prices higher than the ones set by the government face jail sentences of eight to ten years. If you are found to be "hoarding," you also face stiff jail sentences. Indeed, the government has already begun jailing business people, even though the law just came into force.
The bill is full of non-sequiturs. For example, after outlining an enormous regulatory burden for companies, the bill says it is guided by a principle of administrative "simplicity," and that all paperwork must be kept to a minimum. It also claims to be regulating prices, margins, and costs, all without acknowledging that if you control costs and margins, you are automatically setting the price.
The effect of the bill is clear: entrepreneurship in Venezuela is now an illegal activity. Thanks to this bill, the basic freedoms that should guide any society — freedom to innovate, private property, even the right to a fair trial — have essentially been taken away. Everyone, from lowly street vendors to the executives of multinational corporations, runs the danger of landing in a Venezuelan jail if a government bureaucrat thinks they are charging too much.
Of course, the probable outcome is that the law is only selectively applied, and that the bureaucrats let businesses off the hook in exchange for paybacks. But this hardly seems like an enticing environment in which to do business.
In a country teetering on the brink of recession and social chaos, the government has essentially told businesspeople that it doesn't really respect their right to exist. This bill could well be the final nail in the coffin of Venezuela's private businesses.
Juan Nagel is the Venezuela blogger for Transitions, co-editor of Caracas Chronicles, and author of Blogging the Revolution. Read the rest of their posts here.
Description
Head for the stars with this awesome Star Wars Rebels Millennium Falcon Vehicle. It makes an impressive display piece for Star Wars fans of all ages.
This iconic spaceship took part in some of the most momentous events in the galaxy, including the epic Battle of Hoth, making a last-minute escape as Imperial troopers attacked the Rebel base.
This incredibly detailed Star Wars vehicle is 2.5' long and features a rotating radar dish to detect Imperial ships, as well as a cannon that turns, lifts and lowers. It also comes with a label sheet and instructions.
This Millennium Falcon vehicle can complete exciting solo runs alone or can be combined with other toys from the Star Wars Rebels series to reenact some of the most amazing scenes from the films or create brand-new ones of your own.
Millennium Falcon Star Wars vehicle is over 2-1/2' long.
Features a rotating radar dish to detect Imperial ships.
Cannon turns, lifts and lowers.
Star Wars Rebels Millennium Falcon Vehicle comes with a label sheet and instructions.
Incredibly detailed Millennium Falcon toy!
Last night, Arcade Fire, under the moniker Les Identiks, played for around 100 lucky folks at the Breakglass studio in Montreal, Canada. Daniel Seligman who was in attendance reports via Arcade Firetube that there were several new songs debuted. Admission was free with a used CD. Seligman says “It was a mix of friends, strangers, randoms, pop volunteers. Not at all an industry thing. Art installations, costumes, party vibe, songs were great! No video, no photo, no phone policy.“ According to AFT, there were two new members onstage each playing percussion. Of the new songs, a 7-8 minute tune opened the show and there was heavy use of the rhythm/percussion section with one slow song and one punk-rock tune. Arcade Fire was perhaps testing out songs for their fourth album slated for release in late 2013. Here's the poster and a photo of Breakglass Studios right before the band played.
Twitter Roundup:
New songs generally described as fun, dance-y and groovy. Blowing off some steam from the studio recording sessions? — Arcade Fire Tube 🌐 (@ArcadeFireTube) December 2, 2012
https://twitter.com/ArcadeFiretube/status/275372169914105856
New songs: Heavy use of percussion/rhythm section / Only 1 slow song / 1 punk rock-ish song / A 7-8 minute song opened the show. — Arcade Fire Tube 🌐 (@ArcadeFireTube) December 2, 2012
New songs (cont.): Sounded like close to finished versions. "Be prepared for another really good album!" — Arcade Fire Tube 🌐 (@ArcadeFireTube) December 2, 2012
Entendre les nouvelles (EXCELLENTES et groovy) chansons de Arcade Fire en concert-surprise, quel trip extraordinaire!! Montréal je t'aime! — Genevieve Borne (@Genevieveborne) December 2, 2012
The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday voted to approve new rules endorsed by advocates of net neutrality and President Barack Obama that will prohibit internet service providers from discriminating against content producers.
As widely expected, the FCC voted 3-2 during a Thursday morning hearing in Washington, DC, moving to adopt a proposal authored by the commission's chairperson, former cable industry lobbyist Tom Wheeler.
Boom. That's it. Net neutrality vote passes 3-2. pic.twitter.com/exuPSTC7kM — Brian Fung (@b_fung) February 26, 2015
“Today we are here to answer a few simple questions” about the internet, Commissioner Mignon Clyburn said. “Who determines how you use the internet? Who decides what content you can view and when? Should there be a single internet or fast lanes and slow lanes? Should internet service providers be left free to slow down or throttle certain applications or content as they see fit? Should your access to the internet on your mobile device have the same protections as your fixed device at home?”
By approving rules that will let the FCC regulate the internet under Title II of the Communications Act, similar to how traditional telecommunications are governed already under law, ISPs will now be prohibited from giving preferential treatment to content producers, an arrangement that net neutrality proponents feared would allow for internet “fast lanes,” in which companies could pay to have their products delivered more quickly to US consumers.
“Today is a red-letter day for internet freedom,” Wheeler said in their remarks. “For consumers who want to use the internet on their terms. For innovators who want to reach consumers without the control of gatekeepers. For a future in which there are rules to protect the internet and its users."
“But importantly, today is also a day that gives network operators what they require to continue to expand broadband service and competition. The rules for a fair and open internet are not old-style utility regulation, but a 21st Century set of rules for a 21st Century service,” the chairperson continued. “Rate regulation, tariffing and forced unbundling have been superseded by a modernized regulatory approach that has already been demonstrated to work in encouraging investment in wireless voice networks.”
After Wheelerintroduced their proposalvia anopen letter at the beginning of February, the vice president of federal regulatory for telecom giant AT&T said the company could pursue a lawsuit if plans similar to Wheeler's were approved since the internet is an “information service.”
“When the FCC has to defend reclassification before an appellate court, it will have to grapple with these and other arguments,” AT&T's Hank Hultquist wrote.
A court battle is expected. Other ISPs, such as Comcast, could join or sue the government separately.
"It is a defining moment, but it will be redefined by the courts, Congress and other entities including the marketplace going forward," Gary Arlen, a research analyst, told USA Today.
Many Republicans in Congress oppose the proposal, saying that government meddling would snuff out investment in the industry. The GOP-led legislative branch could pass its own net neutrality laws, which would supersede the FCC's regulations.
Before the commissioners voted on Wheeler's proposal, they heard testimony in favor from Etsy CEO Chad Dickerson; television writer, producer and director Veena Sud; and founder of the internet Sir Tim Berners-Lee. Both Dickerson and Sud spoke about how net neutrality will benefit women, with the Etsy CEO saying that 88 percent of the online marketplace's 1.2 million sellers are women, while the creator of AMC-cum-Netflix TV show ‘The Killing' noted that “while little more than 20 percent of comedies and dramas on traditional television have a woman at the helm, almost 40 percent of the series airing on these new online platforms [like Amazon and Netflix] this season will be run by women.”
Democratic commissioners Wheeler, Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel voted for the order.
“This is more than a theoretical exercise,” Clyburn said in their wide-ranging comments, which covered the Founding Fathers, the Civil Rights Movement and MC Hammer. “Providers here in the United States have, in fact, blocked applications on mobile devices, which not only hampers free expression, it also restricts… innovation by allowing companies, not the consumer to pick winners and losers.”
“As many of you know, this is not my first open internet rodeo,” they added. “This is our third bite at the apple, and we must get it right.”
Rosenworcel's remarks were brief.
“We cannot have a two-tiered internet with fast lanes that speed the privileged and leave the rest of us lagging behind. We cannot have gatekeepers who tell us what we can and cannot do and where we can and cannot go online. And we do not need blocking, throttling or paid prioritization schemes that undermine the internet as we know it,” they said. “For these reasons, I support Chairman Wheeler's efforts and rules today.”
The FCC's vote on #netneutrality today is victory for the world's largest public resource: the Web. https://t.co/ozk7WSir3L — Firefox (@firefox) February 26, 2015
There was a moment of levity between Wheeler and the two GOP commissioners as a segue between their remarks.
“I tried to keep score on all the things I disagreed with that you said,” the FCC chairperson told Commissioner Ajit Pai. “But I've got you on my scorecard now as undecided, but probably wavering against.”
Wheeler then called on Commissioner Mike O'Rielly, who responded, “Thank you Mr. Chairman. Look forward to my scorecard as well.”
Pai has been vehemently against Wheeler's proposal from the start, and spent 30 minutes elaborating on their stance Thursday.
“The internet is not broken. There is no problem for the government to solve,” they said. “That the internet works, that internet freedom works, should be apparent to anyone with an Apple iPhone or Microsoft Surface, a Samsung Smart TV or Roku, a Nest thermostat or a FitBit. We live in a time where you can buy a movie from iTunes, watch a music video on YouTube, listen to a personalized playlist on Pandora, watch your favorite novel come to life on Amazon streaming video, help someone makes potato salad on kickstarter, check out the latest comic on xkcd, see what Seinfeld has been up to on Crackle, navigate bad traffic with Waze, watch an eventful FCC meeting online and do literally hundreds of other things with an online connection.”
Relax, the FCC is here to help improve the Internet. pic.twitter.com/QY6E7od4ic — jimgeraghty (@jimgeraghty) February 26, 2015
“For all intents and purposes, the internet as we know it didn't exist until the private sector developed it in the 1990s. And it's been the commercial internet that has led to the creativity, the innovation and, frankly, the engineering genius we see today,” Pai continued, calling the reports of internet fast lanes and throttling “anecdote, hypothesis and hysteria.”
O'Rielly agreed that the claims against ISPs were conjecture.
“Even after enduring three weeks of spin, it is hard for me to believe that the Commission isestablishing an entire Title II/net neutrality regime to protect against hypothetical harms. There is not a shred of evidence that any aspect of this structure is necessary. The D.C. Circuit called the prior, scaled-down version a ‘prophylactic' approach. I call it guilt by imagination,” they said before voting against the order. “There is a reason that Title II has been called the nuclear option. No matter what the FCC tries to do to limit the fallout (and it is not trying very hard to do that here) the decision will still [negatively] impact investments.”
The FCC's strict new rules ban blocking high-bandwidth applications, throttling internet speeds or creating “fast lanes” for customers who pay a premium. In an unprecedented move, the rules will apply not just to traditional ISPs, but to mobile providers like Verizon and AT&T as well.
Q: The sad part is that if some teams are scoring so easy on us and scoring so much, that means our defense isn't even doing well. -- M.P.
A: I'm sure part of that is the offensive frustrations carrying over to the other end, which is not unusual, and you sort of saw that Wednesday night with Hassan Whiteside. I did find it interesting, after the Heat had so much trouble scoring in Philadelphia, that Erik Spoelstra basically said that's why you have to hold opponents below 40 percent from the field on those nights. While that math might work, it doesn't detract from the frustration on the offensive end. You have to score in this league. You have to find a way. And that means you have to have scorers. I'm not sure you can point to the absence of Justise Winslow and Willie Reed as a reason for these scoring struggles. And it's not as if the Heat have had Wayne Ellington yet during the regular season. All the running and attacking is fine, but it hasn't led the Heat to a good place yet in the scoring column. Perhaps it's time to get back to definitive sets that get Whiteside open in the post. That, in turn, could activate them on the defensive end, which certainly wasn't the case Wednesday.
Q: You see how we are all just standing around the perimeter, no one cutting. Just shooting and watching. This is not Heat ball. -- Derrick.
A: It's barely NBA offense. I agree. But NBA offense is mostly about NBA scorers. Right now the Heat are trying to develop Josh Richardson and Tyler Johnson into that (and eventually Justise Winslow). But right now, unless Goran Dragic is at the top of their game, the Heat simply do not have enough on the wing to compete in the scoring column. And you can see at times that Dragic is looking for players in places they're supposed to be only they're not there. You can only ride the ups and downs of Dion Waiters for so long before reality -- the current reality -- sets in.
Q: Hassan Whiteside's body language was not good. They quit on plays, yelled at others because they didn't get the ball. -- Manny.
A: I didn't see any yelling Wednesday. But that's a big part of this, as well, to learn to play through adversity, because even when the winning resumes, there will be nights when it's not working. Look, if the Heat do trade Goran Dragic as part of a restructuring, it will make it even more significant that Hassan take on and show the responsibilities of being a leader. You can't babysit or even have to do that with a leading man. As I've said, everyone in the NBA has off nights and bad games. But you have to limit them, make sure you show up at least 70 nights as a leader and contributor. So there at least is still time for that.
Reckless youths have destroyed a 100,000 piece Lego helicopter worth $23,000 on display in an Australian mall.
The Lego chopper, believed to be the biggest ever made, took Melbourne-based Lego “certified professional” Ryan “The Brickman” McNaught six weeks to build but was smashed to pieces by vandals in a mall in Cairns, in north Queensland.
Police are scouring surveillance footage after a tourist said they witnessed a group of youths pushes the model over before they fled the scene.
Local parents who were hoping to take their kids to see “Elvis the Helicopter” said they were devastated over the incident.
“I know the feeling of having one of the small sets broken ‘accidently', I couldn't imagine finding out that someone has deliberately pushed over a (100,000) piece creation,” said Cairns father Mark Jordan.
READ MORE AT CAIRNS.COM.AU
I've been saying for months that the most interesting question in college football in 2015 is who will finish last in the SEC West. I've now made a video that explains why I think that's the case. Below the video is a transcript if you aren't able to watch it right now. Also, please answer the poll at the bottom after you've watched it to let me know if you're interested in more videos like this one.
The most interesting question in any college football season is usually who will win the national championship. In 2015, that's not the case since Ohio State is probably going to win the title.
No, this year, the most interesting question is who is going to finish last in the SEC West. Yes, I mean seventh place, not first.
You always hear about college football being cyclical, but basically everyone in the West is on some kind of upswing. Alabama is still riding high despite losing the Sugar Bowl thanks to half a decade of No. 1 recruiting classes. Auburn and Texas A&M have great offenses, and new defensive coordinator hires should make the bad parts of last year's teams better. LSU played a ton of young guys on offense who are a year better, and Ole Miss's blockbuster 2013 recruiting class is hitting its junior year. Arkansas has been steadily building and is poised to break out. Even Mississippi State, which loses a ton of starters from its Orange Bowl runner-up team is at a historical high.
What's more, an ungodly amount of money is going to the coaches. Nick Saban makes the most at $6.9 million. Texas A&M will pay $5 million to Kevin Sumlin to keep them from leaving for the NFL, while Hugh Freeze got a raise to $4.3 million to keep them from leaving for Florida. Les Miles's decade of success at LSU will also get them $4.3 million. Gus Malzahn's extension after their 2013 national championship game appearance bumps them up to $4.1 million, while fresh extensions for Bret Bielema and Dan Mullen bumped them up to $4 million.
If you're doing the math at home, that means someone is going to be paid $4 million in 2015 to finish in seventh place in the division.
It doesn't look now like there's a bad team in the bunch either. All seven teams appeared in at least two preseason top 25 rankings in the summer preview magazines, and in the preseason S&P+ advanced stat ranking, four are in the top ten and none are lower than 22.
There are just so many reasons why teams could end up nearly anywhere in the standings. Here is the predicted order that came out of SEC Media Days. Seventh place Mississippi State has the preseason first team All-SEC quarterback. Sixth place Texas A&M has a 5-star QB throwing to 5-star receivers with an all-everything pass rusher and just hired one of the best SEC defensive coordinators of the past 20 years. Fifth place Ole Miss could potentially have four NFL first round draft picks. Fourth place Arkansas has the country's best running back duo and five live elephants on the offensive line. Third place LSU had no offense last year. Second place Auburn had no defense last year. And first place Alabama may not have a quarterback this year. Nothing about this order is certain at all.
So yeah: some SEC West school is going to be spending crazy amounts of money on a guy who will be coaching a team full of talent that could win several other divisions if not entire conferences and end up being stuck with the label of "last place". Grab your popcorn. This one's going to be fun.
Statement: “This district has gone down in enrollment every single year, for I don't know how many years, and yet we have not reduced the workforce commensurately with that. I mean that's the reality,” San Diego Unified School District board member Sharon Whitehurst-Payne said at the April 25 board meeting.
Determination: True
Analysis: To help cut more than $124 million from next year's budget, San Diego school leaders planned to let go of roughly 1,000 employees, though district officials said final layoff numbers are still not available.
The district has blamed state officials for the cuts, though that's a hard sell. The district has also pointed to rising employee pension costs, labor market pressures and declining student enrollment, which decreases state funding.
Officials have said the layoffs will “right-size” the district, bringing staffing in line with the budget and student population.
Board member Sharon Whitehurst-Payne made the same point at an April 25 board meeting. “This district has gone down in enrollment every single year, for I don't know how many years, and yet we have not reduced the workforce commensurately with that. I mean that's the reality,” they said.
Voice of San Diego submitted a California Public Records Act request on March 6 seeking annual employee counts going back to 2007. The district said it would produce the data on June 7, but didn't and has set a new deadline of July 28 –144 days after the request was filed. Whitehurst-Payne did not respond to several inquiries about their remarks in April.
Though the data still hasn't been produced, a district spokesperson recently offered some limited numbers that provide snapshots of budgeted full-time positions from Dec. 31, 2013 and Dec. 31, 2016. Budgeted positions do not reflect the number of people actually reporting to work and getting paid, but it's better than nothing. Requests for filled position numbers, which may offer a more accurate picture of district staffing increases, have been unsuccessful.
According to those numbers, district staffing rose from 12,586 positions in December 2013 to nearly 12,934 positions in December 2016. That's an increase of 347 positions, and included an additional 45 management positions, nearly 31 teaching positions and 271 non-teaching staff.
Source: San Diego Unified
Those increases were made for several reasons, including the opening of a new school, Jonas E. Salk Elementary, and to meet an increased need for translation services and counselors, as well as financial clerks for the high schools, said district spokesperson Jennifer Rodriguez.
Records show the addition of 347 budgeted positions occurred while student enrollment continued to decline, partially due to lower birth rates.
Total San Diego Unified student enrollment declined from roughly 130,000 students in 2013 to 128,000 in 2017. But that's not the whole picture.
A growing number of students are opting for charter schools in the district, which are public schools located within the district's boundaries but that operate independently. When a student chooses to go to a charter school instead of a district-run school, the money for that student goes to the charter school.
Charter school populations are growing while district-run school populations decline.
District-run schools enrolled 110,609 students in 2013-14, and only 105,803 in 2016-17, for a decrease of 4,806 students.
Compare district staffing with district-run school enrollment and the trend is clear: The district budgeted more staff for fewer students in recent years.
Nearly 350 new positions added between 2013 and 2016 also meant across-the-board raises – like the 4 percent raises approved by trustees last year and again last fall – would cost more. District officials in December said the 4 percent raise last fall alone added $30 million to the budget deficit.
Adding staff increased ongoing costs for salaries and pensions, as well as health insurance, which is paid entirely by the district. All of that worsened the structural deficit leaders say the deep budget cuts begin to address.
District budget records show general fund costs for employee salaries and benefits totaled $224 million more in fiscal year 2017 than 2014, the two periods for which staffing data was provided. In 2014, employees cost the district's general fund $999.6 million a year. This year, employees cost more than $1.22 billion, an amount equal to 89 percent of all general fund expenses.
Despite the recent employee cuts, including layoffs, furloughs and work-year reductions, employee costs are expected to climb to 95 percent of all general fund expenses by fiscal year 2020, or $1.25 billion, new budget projections show.
Though data on the actual number of positions filled would shed more light on how district staffing has changed in recent years, the district's data on budgeted positions prove Whitehurst-Payne right: District staffing numbers have gone up since 2013, even as student enrollment dropped.
McPhee delicately reveals that they had started to lose meaning to their life
Ben Burgess played alongside Stephen McPhee for Blackpool and Hull. Here, in a moving account, Ben writes about their friend's battle with depression and how they have turned their life around.
Stephen is opening their heart to me, and says: 'I was digging a hole. I was lost. I didn't know what to do. I was scared. I started drinking. Nights got later, mornings got later because you've got nothing to get up for. Before I knew it I'd dug myself into depression. I wanted to end my life. I felt worthless. I thought I'd gone.'
What takes a man to this place? What have they been through? What have they lost?
This guy must have nothing. No friends, no family, no money.
Wrong. There are no specific criteria to be eligible for depression. All we know is that it's all-consuming and can lead people to the darkest places.
Ben Burgess (left) played alongside Stephen McPhee (right) for Blackpool and Hull
McPhee pictured playing for Blackpool previously, who they spent two years with between 2008 and 2010
I'm in Stephen McPhee's lounge when they share this with me. A guy I've known for nearly 10 years. Someone who lived with me. Someone I'd trained, played and socialised with. A man who has spent most of their life behind a poker face, having learned not to show emotion or weakness.
I met Stephen in 2005 when they strolled confidently into Hull City's training ground. At 24 they had already experienced much. Born in Glasgow, schooled in football at Dutch club Vitesse Arnhem, at 16 they signed for Coventry City.
Like most young players, Macca had to drop down a division to kick-start their career. They did that as a lightning-quick and prolific striker at Port Vale, where their 27 goals in the 2003-04 season led to a move to Portugal's top division with Beira-Mar.
After one season there they joined Hull, where their catastrophic run of injuries began. Stephen suffered a micro-fracture in their knee in just their fourth game at Hull. They missed the whole of the 2005-06 season, returning only in December 2006.
They say: 'At first the operations didn't bother me. People would say "this is career-threatening" but I put my faith in the physios and surgeons.'
As their contract was ending at Hull, Stephen joined me at Blackpool on a two-year deal but suffered more knee problems, this time their anterior cruciate ligament. They believe this could have been the catalyst for their mental problems.
'I think depression is gradual,' adds Stephen. 'You've got those highs of fulfilling your lifelong dreams but suddenly, through injury, your dreams are taken away. A few operations later the surgeon said "if you want to have kids and kick a ball around with them, then you need to retire right now".
'That's when it hit home. That was the first time I broke down and cried. I didn't talk to anyone about it. That was the way I was brought up — you're a man, it's old-school.'
At just 29, McPhee was forced to end their career. No more euphoria from scoring in front of thousands of people, no more fans singing your name, no more sharing a changing room with 20 of your best mates.
Burgess played for Blackpool between 2006 and 2010 and is pictured here celebrating a goal against Stoke
McPhee joined Burgess at Blackpool on a two-year deal but suffered knee problems after signing
'I was lucky enough to be given a first-team coaching role under Ian Holloway at Blackpool,' says Stephen. 'It kept my mind distracted but when I finished my coaching job there was no routine in my life. It doesn't matter what job you do, if you've been doing it most of your life and it's cut away it's going to hit you hard.'
McPhee talks about the darkest days, describing how they tried to replace the thrill of playing football by drinking with 'friends'. It was during one of these binges that Macca attempted to take their life but survived after their then girlfriend found a note that he'd left.
They say: 'Some people will say it was a cry for help, but I did want to end my life. I did try to do it in such a way that I couldn't be saved. The next thing I know I was being resuscitated.'
But that wasn't the end of their turmoil. Stephen still felt lost, still didn't know what to do with their life. Some people will question how anyone who earned thousands of pounds a week can possibly be depressed. But mental illness does not distinguish between people based on their earnings.
'I'm financially secure but money's got nothing to do with it,' says Stephen. 'I felt inferior and worthless. My second attempt at taking my life was three months later. After that I came out the other side. I just thought, "I really need to sort myself out". The first thing I needed to do was to love myself. Until you love yourself, you can't let anyone else love you.'
Many professional sports people who are forced to retire are left feeling that same vulnerability and sense of worthlessness. Do they know who to turn to in desperate times? The level of education among footballers, and the general population, about mental-health issues needs improving. Having been among the 'banter' that flies around the average changing room, I can understand Stephen when they describe their thought process.
They explain: 'I wanted to ask for help. I felt weak but in the football industry you have to be strong.
'It's a masculine thing so when you're doing something like contemplating suicide you're scared to ask for help for fear of having the p*** taken.
'Once I got over that, I realised you need to talk. My parents didn't have a clue, no-one had a clue. But once something like that happens you realise who your friends and family really are because all they want to do is help you. The start of my journey to recovery was the hardest because I was being watched night and day by friends and family who feared I would relapse. I felt like a baby again.'
With that support, and their willingness to help himself, Stephen began to turn the corner and took the first steps to a new career and new purpose.
McPhee was told they should retire after problems with their knee by the surgeon after undergoing operations
McPhee (right) dropped down a division in 2001 to kick-start their career as they signed for Port Vale
'I needed a new routine away from football. While visiting my parents in Florida, my dad was looking at buying a printing franchise and I went to the meeting. I decided to start one in Manchester three years ago and here I am today, loving every minute of it.'
I ask them whether they think depression is something you can get over completely, or is it always in the back of your mind?
They say: 'I'm happy to talk about it now and I don't think you're fully over suicide and depression until you're able to talk openly about it.
'Keeping things locked in contributed to my depression — that's the way I was brought up and the way football is. Emotion is weakness, but there's only so long you can keep things bottled up before you explode. It was only after speaking to friends and family that I realised I hadn't let anyone down.'
To my mind 'weakness' is not a word that should be used to describe somebody who has despaired to the point that they never wanted to wake up again, or someone who rebuilt their life after that. All I see is a strong man who wants to help others.
I sense how content Stephen is now, but I didn't notice anything different when they were going through depression. They didn't wear a sign saying 'I need help' and the fact that I missed it worries me.
People with mental-health problems need to be able to talk. Mental-health problems affect one in four people. Don't be afraid to talk. It could save lives. It saved my friend's life.
Thanks to Apple's new MacBook and Google's new Chromebook Pixel, USB-C has arrived. A single flavor of cable for all your charging and connectivity needs? Hell yes. But that convenience doesn't come without a cost; our computers will be more vulnerable than ever to malware attacks, from hackers and surveillance agencies alike.
The trouble with USB-C stems from the fact that the USB standard isn't very secure. Last year, researchers wrote a piece of malware called BadUSB which attaches to your computer using USB devices like phone chargers or thumb drives. Once connected, the malware basically takes over a computer imperceptibly. The scariest part is that the malware is written directly to the USB controller chip's firmware, which means that it's virtually undetectable and so far, unfixable.
Advertisement
Before USB-C, there was a way to keep yourself somewhat safe. As long as you kept tabs on your cables, and never stuck random USB sticks into your computer, you could theoretically keep it clean. But as The Verge points out, the BadUSB vulnerability still hasn't been fixed in USB-C, and now the insecure port is the slot where you connect your power supply. Heck, it's shaping up to be the slot where you connect everything. You have no choice but to use it every day. Think about how often you've borrowed a stranger's power cable to get charged up. Asking for a charge from a stranger is like having unprotected sex with someone you picked up at the club.
What the Verge fails to mention however, is that it's potentially much worse than that. If everyone is using the same power charger, it's not just renegade hackers posing as creative professionals in coffee shops that you need to worry about. With USB-C, the surveillance establishment suddenly has a huge incentive to figure out how to sneak a compromised cable into your power hole.
It might seem alarmist and paranoid to suggest that the NSA would try to sneak a backdoor into charging cables through manufacturers, except that the agency has been busted trying exactly this kind of scheme. Last year, it was revealed that the NSA paid security firm RSA $10 million to leave a backdoor in their encryption unpatched. There's no telling if or when or how the NSA might try to accomplish something similar with USB-C cables, but it stands to reason they would try.
Advertisement
We live in a world where we plug in with abandon, and USB-C's flexibility is designed to make plugging in easier than ever. Imagine never needing to guess whether or not your aunt's house will have a charger for your phone. USB-C could become so common that this isn't even a question. Of course they have one! With that ubiquity and convenience comes a risk that the tech could become exploited—not just by criminals, but also by the government's data siphoning machine.
Laugh or Cry: LGBT Twitter Responds to Election With Dark Comedy
We're all a feeling sick to our stomachs, so hopefully it's true that laughter is the best medicine.
Well, the election is over, and this morning dawns darker for LGBT people, immigrants, women, people of color, and the disenfranchised than any time in recent memory.
The funny LGBT people of Twitter reacted to Donald Trump's election win much like the rest of us, with disbelief, anger, fear, frustration, but also hope. And through all of that, they still offered some much-needed humor. Maybe it's too soon for some of us to be laughing about any of this, but healing has to start somewhere, right?
Pretty sure I know this guy.
Loud gay, upon reaching the front of the line at the polls, to no one: "And Trump thinks we're trying to do this twice? Girl, I'm busy" — Sam Lansky (@samlansky) November 8, 2016
A silver lining.
hope I end up in the same gay camp as Kate McKinnon — maddy (@lemon_knope) November 9, 2016
OK, maybe it was really hard to find a bunch of funny tweets.
I never knew how despised, hated, reviled and unwanted I and people like me were in America until now. — Mathew Rodriguez (@mathewrodriguez) November 9, 2016
One way of looking at it.
Trump is sweeping the "gay guys tied to fences or car bumpers" states. — Guy Branum (@guybranum) November 9, 2016
Please do it!
These election returns got me feeling like I gotta start making some woke-ass brown babies — Danielle Radford (@danielleradford) November 9, 2016
Maybe worse. Maybe.
This is a stressful as being in the audience of the first preview of TITANIC on Broadway. #ElectionNight — Robbie Rozelle (@divarobbie) November 9, 2016
This is one way of putting it.
the queers who were nice/patient/gentle all got shot or bullied to death all that's left r me & the other pissed-off cockroach motherfuckers — MAX IM A KOOPA (@meakoopa) June 13, 2016
I really thought for a minute that this was going to work.
Called upon all of our angels, living and dead, to help pull this off tonight. #gohillgo #imwithher #angelofmine (Did I miss anyone?) pic.twitter.com/D6vAM6nG2P — Timothy Dunn (@timothydunn) November 9, 2016
For those of us getting uncomfortable with how mainstream we'd become….
Deep breaths. I'm most worried about Pence and the ax they have to grind against the LGBTs. After 8 mainstream years, Queer is punk again. — Alec Mapa (@AlecMapa) November 9, 2016
Is that friend America?
Can you impeach a president before they take the oath? I'm asking for a friend. — deray mckesson (@deray) November 9, 2016
Ain't nobody got time for that.
As if my life wasn't busy enough, now I have to find a country with both gay marriage and someone dumb enough to marry me. #ElectionNight — Brandon Cloud (@theclobra) November 9, 2016
I think this is a joke?
America, bro! I feel like you just date raped me. — Randy Rainbow (@RandyRainbow) November 9, 2016
These last two are definitely not jokes. But they are important. Share some love today with your most vulnerable loved ones today. We all need it.
The unthinkable happened before, to my family in WWII. We got thru it. We held each other close. We kept our dignity and held to our ideals. — George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 9, 2016
homeopathy medicines don t show contents pil seeks cancelling of doctors licence
New Delhi: A PIL seeking cancellation of licence issued to all homeopathy practitioners was today taken up by the Delhi High Court which sought the city government's response on what action has been taken by them to address the issues raised in the plea.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Jayant Nath issued notice to the Delhi government on the petition moved by an NGO which alleged that the homeopathy doctors dispense medicines which do not contain labels showing the ingredients or content of the drugs.
Advocate Sanjoy Ghose, appearing for Delhi government, told the court that action under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act has already been taken.
They said that under the Act, only the manufacturers of homeopathic medicines are required to do the labelling. They said there were five such manufacturers in Delhi and they were complying with the requirement of labelling. Ghose also told the court that most practitioners only dispensed medicine to in-house patients and did not carry out any manufacturing of medicine.
They further said that under the Act and rules, the homeopathy practitioners are exempted from the requirement of labelling the drugs.
The court, thereafter, told the Delhi government counsel to state the action taken on the affidavit and listed the matter for further hearing on December 18.
It's been four years since DRC authorities issued an arrest warrant for a Mai Mai militia Leader accused of crimes against humanity. Nevertheless, they remain at large. Human Rights Watch has released – what it said – is new information about crimes committed by the militia.
The rights group says the NDC rebels -- commanded Ntabo Ntaberi Sheka -- are accused of killings, mass rape, mutilations and child abductions. It says the worst abuses occurred between August 2012 and November 2013 in and around Pinga – a town bordering the Walikale and Masisi territories.
In July of 2011, U.N. peacekeeping officials tried to arrest Sheka when they sought medical attention in Goma in North Kivu province. However, they escaped. Human Rights Watch says they were possibly “tipped-off by Congolese army personnel, who had a close relationship with him.”
Human Rights Watch's senior Congo researcher Ida Sawyer said NDC attacks continue.She said capturing Sheka remains difficult.
“It's partly been difficult because he's operating in a very remote region and it's difficult to find him. But it's also the case that they have shifting alliances and at various times support from Congolese army officers and also support from individuals in Rwanda and alliances with other armed groups operating in Eastern Congo. And he's been able to take advantage of this different support to help them evade capture over the years,” they said.
Sawyer described some of the crimes Sheka and their militia are accused of committing.
“Sheka's group, the NDC, along with two other armed groups carried out a brutal mass rape and nearly 400 civilians were raped between July 30th and August 2nd 2010 in a series of 13 villages In Walikale territory. Since then Sheka's troops have continued to carry out a number of vicious killings. And they often have cut off the body parts of those they kill and later parade the legs or heads or other body parts of the victims around town, chanting ethnic slurs.”
They're also accused forcibly recruiting child soldiers and abducting civilians.
Sawyer said, “They've also abducted a number of women and girls, who they are holding as sex slaves – forcing them to be the wives of combatants. Dozens of these young girls, some as young as 12, are still being held by the group as sex slaves in the forests of Walikale.”
The list goes on.
“In one of the most brutal incidents in recent years, the NDC abducted 30 people, including 20 young school children from a primary school in Butemure village in Walikale territory. And they forced these young students to march through the forest for days and those who were too tired or weak were killed by the NDC fighters,” they said.
Human Rights Watch called on Congolese authorities and the U.N. mission to step-up efforts to arrest Sheka and bring them to justice. It also wants an investigation to learn which groups and individuals are supporting the NDC rebels.
Mandatory blood draw law goes into effect A new law that goes into effect Tuesday expands the use of mandatory blood draws and breathalyzers without warrants.
A new law that goes into effect on Tuesday expands the use of mandatory blood draws and breathalyzers for individuals arrested for drunken driving, according to a press release from District Attorney Susan Reed.
According to the release, Senate Bill 328 allows authorities to draw blood without warrants for the following additional offenses: driving while intoxicated-3rd offense; driving while intoxicated with a child passenger; driving while intoxicated, where the officer "reasonably believes an individual other than the suspect suffered bodily injury and was transported to a hospital or similar facility"; driving while intoxicated with a previous conviction of DWI with a child passenger, intoxication assault or intoxication manslaughter.
Prior to the new law, only people arrested for intoxication manslaughter or intoxication assault were required to give a sample of their breath or blood.
Rick Ross, the rapper most likely to never play in the NBA, once stated, “Rappers want to be ballers, ballers want to be rappers.” The eternal bromance between hip-hop and basketball is beyond obvious. Let's be honest: An NBA plug in a rap song is as boilerplate as a Ben Wallace air-ball. But besides the usual Jordan, Kobe and LeBron metaphors, one of the more common references is the classic nod to the Utah Jazz.---
Jay-Z, Biggie, Nas -- they've all rapped about the Jazz in one way or another and it makes sense. Though Utah isn't necessarily a rap epicenter, the peak of hip-hop's "Golden Era" (the mid to late '90s) occurred at roughly the same time as John Stockton and Karl Malone's prime. Plus, there are plenty of words that rhyme with "Jazz," and, unfortunately for diehard fans, Jordan's crossover on Bryon Russell in the 1998 NBA Finals will be rapped about forever.
Lil B likes to think they look like John Stockton
But because the list of Utah Jazz references in rap songs is longer that Tayshaun Prince's wingspan (I can keep going with these), I whittled it down to the top-25 best verses:
25 ."Red carpet on the sidewalk, I gotta step on it before I talk. Part investor of the Utah Jazz, I'm the real king of New York." - Kool Keith, Extravagant Traveler.
This is a typical brag-and-boast track. Kool Keith isn't, and never was, a part owner of the Utah Jazz. He's simply saying they have a lot of money and that they run New York.
24. "Swagging with a bad bitch, look like James Worthy. Hoes suck my dick 'cause I'm wet and they thirsty. Chimmy chang chang, brang dang and I'm swerving. Ho suck my dick 'cause I look like John Stockton. Hit 'em with the chopper. Luke, I am your father." - Lil B, Insane
Obviously, Lil B doesn't resemble James Worthy or John Stockton. He's simply pointing out that they have money like these NBA players and that's why girls prefer to give them fellatio. The Star Wars reference is brought up because he's had a lot of sex, with a lot of women, and they probably have a kid named Luke.
23. "Now I'm somewhere in Utah relaxing to Jazz with a broad, quarter mill in a stash, avoiding the law from far." - Rosco P Goldchain, Hot ft. The Neptunes
Rosco has $250,000 in cash stashed away while hiding from the law in Utah. The word Jazz has sort of a double meaning here -- he's either listening to Jazz and/or going to Jazz games with their girlfriend. Either way, Rosco is having a nice time in Utah.
22. "Now they all ova mi like they name cologne. Waan mi dunk inna har like a Karl Malone." - Beenie Man, Hmm Hmm Remix ft. Foxy Brown
Beenie Man is pointing out that this particular girl is smothering them like cologne, and they would prefer if they had intercourse with them deeply -- eh, sort of like how Karl Malone dunks a basketball.
21. "And now I'm naked on the couch wit Raisinets in ma mouth. I'm playin' a stupid Asian in NBA 2k12 and I'm beatin' that ass wit the Utah Jazz."- Lil Dicky, Staying In
Lil Dicky is relaxing at home eating Raisinets, a delicious chocolate-covered raisin candy. Not only is they beating an Asian (who, according to stereotypes, are known to be pretty good at video games), he's performing this feat while playing with the Utah Jazz, a team that was not highly ranked in NBA 2K12.
20. "Now I'm blowing up. Hoes call my phone tryna bone. They never get a ring, I treat 'em like Karl Malone." - Kardi, Black Ferris Bueller
Sadly, Karl Malone never won an NBA championship; thus, they never got a ring. Kardi is saying he's not ready to settle down and marry.
19. "This that good old-fashioned Mark Jackson. Fuck it then I'll pass. Y'all Utah Jazz-in' and y'all bore. I don't play nigga, I'm Mark Madsen." - J.Cole, Green Ranger by Lil Wayne
J.Cole is stating that he'll pass on girls who are not that attractive, hence, the reference to Mark Jackson, who was known as a great passer in the NBA. Also, he's not interested in girls who are boring, sort of like the Utah Jazz (who used to run a lot of plays from the set). Mark Madsen was an NBA player who almost never played, reinforcing J. Cole's stance of not playing around when it comes to girls.
18. "Control schedules, take a clock and I turn it back. Why you talk, I'm in Utah like Hornacek doin' real estate, tryna get another corner shack (whoa)." - Chamillionaire, They Gonna Already Know
Jeff Hornacek was a shooting guard for the Jazz from 1994 to 2000 who was known for their strong work ethic. Chamillionaire is saying that they are willing to hustle extremely hard in order to purchase another home. Their posse is impressed by this pronouncement, hence, the "whoa."
17. "Toast to Sesame seeds on the sea bass. Candy sky, welcome Adidas. Sitting courtside Heat-Jazz." - Action Bronson, Live From Kissena Blvd
Action Bronson loves gourmet food and so he's announcing to the world their love for sesame seeds on delicious sea bass. While thinking about seafood, he's wearing their favorite pair of Adidas and sitting courtside at a Miami Heat-Utah Jazz game.
16. "Don't want your money and I don't gamble. Rap MJ and I got that game 6 handles." Charles Hamilton, I'm So Good
Charles is explaining that they have a handle on the rap game, sort of like Michael Jordan's handle on the 1998's game six NBA championship game versus the Jazz. This is also the game where Jordan performed their most famous crossover (handle) on Bryon Russell.
15. "Smack the jail-bail bondsman, strength of 18 bronze men. Tall like Karl Malone "Mailman," frame of Larry Johnson." - RZA, Stroke of Death by Ghostface Killah
RZA is exaggerating. They claim that he's a gigantic human with the power of 18 men made of bronze. To make it even more clear, they claim they are the same height as Karl Malone, and he's as jacked-up as Larry Johnson.
14. "See, I'm jogging. Other niggas legs starts wobbling when opportunities start knockin. You got the crown, pass off like Stockton." - Joe Budden, Dumb Out
For Joe Budden, rap is easy, and so he's jogging their way through the rap game. Even if their opponents did win, the pressure would be too much and they would eventually pass on the title, like John Stockton, who was known for assists and never won an NBA championship.
13. "It's like a nail shop the way I work my clientele. Six cell phones, Karl Malone I make the mail." - OJ Da Juicman, Street Lights by Young Scooter ft. Gucci Mane
Juiceman is explaining that the way they distribute drugs is very efficient, like a nail shop, which are known for their speedy service. They also carry six cell phones so that they can keep in contact with their many drug dealers, and when they call, they always "delivers" (Karl Malone's nickname was the Mailman).
12. "Bitch up, tell them let's go shoppin'. The Polo coppin' lot of new knowledge from the old doctrine. Jeweler man pass a good rock but he's no Stockton." - Sir Michael Rocks, Banco Populair
When their girlfriend wakes up in the morning, Michael Rocks likes to take them shopping. They prefer to buy Polo shirts because they always look fresh and timeless. He's also very picky about their jewelry. This particular jeweler is decent, but not exceptional, when it comes to their diamond selection. Therefore, Michael Rocks would prefer a jeweler who was great with the rock, like John Stockton with a basketball.
11. "I'm equivalent to a Earl Boykins, Spud Webb, Muggsy Bogues. I suppose I handle the rock well, I do hoes like Stockton and Malone. Make my pick then roll." - Kendrick Lamar - Blood Sport Freestyle
Kendrick is literally a short individual, like Boykins, Webb and Bogues. However, even though he's a little guy, he's not to be counted out when it comes to interactions with the ladies. In fact, they pick their women similar to the way Karl Malone and John Stockton run their famous pick and roll -- meaning, they pick one out from the crowd and then they leave the club together.
10. "Like Rodman, I'm on my hustle, you shook up like Bryon Russell. The kush is Jazz purple, I'm takin' off from the free-throw." - Rockie Fresh, Driving 88 by Casey Veggies
Dennis Rodman was a player known for their tremendous hustle on the basketball floor, and Bryan Russell was a Jazz player made famous for getting crossed over by Michael Jordan in game six of the 1998 NBA Finals. Rockie is explaining that he's a hustler and that their weed is purple like the color of Utah Jazz jerseys. When they smoke it, they get higher than Michael Jordan leaping from the free-throw line.
9. "The twinkle and diamonds upon my neck. More Jazz than Hornacek. I blast and leave your corner wet." - Nas, Quiet Niggas
Nas loves to wear a shiny, diamond-studded necklace. He's also the son of notable jazz guitarist Olu Dara, hence, he's more Jazz than Hornacek, who was a consistent presence on the Utah Jazz roster in the '90s. Also, when Nas shoots their gun, they leaf plenty of blood on the street corner.
8. "I'm like John Stockton, I don't even have to score. I just make the game better, by bein' out there on the floor." - C-Rayz Walz, Battle Me
John Stockton was known more for their assists rather than for their scoring. So, in other words, they made other players better by just being on the floor. In a rap battle, C-Rayz doesn't even need to speak -- they make everyone, and the scene, better by just existing.
7. "With this recording I'm as sick as Jordan before Game 6. Jazz talkin', I bet I pick and roll with your bitch." - Wale, Barry Sanders
When Wale says "as sick as Jordan before before Game 6" they mean game 5 of the 1997 NBA Finals versus the Utah Jazz, a game known as Jordan's Flu Game. They then switches it up and gives props to the Jazz, who were known for running a great pick-and-roll game. However, like Kendrick, they also mean he'll snatch up your girlfriend.
6. “The Spud Webb ticket, with the Larry Bird yay and it's jumpin' from the free throw like MJ. See my 'Vette pass by like a Steve Nash pass. Stay loyal like the fans of the Utah Jazz." Gucci Mane, Hold Dat Thought
Even though he's short like the 5'3' Spud Webb, Gucci Mane should not be underestimated. Plus, their cocaine is the real deal (like Michael Jordan) and it keeps their junkies loyal like Utah Jazz fans (who have dealt with many losing seasons).
5. "Far from a thug, but I'll drop one. Far from a scrub, but I'll mop them. Watch them, better leave 'em alone like Stockton. When they retired." - J.Cole, 93 Til Infinity
J. Cole is saying that he's not a criminal but he'll act accordingly to anyone who steps to him. However, they also avoid confrontation -- hence, the line "leave them alone like Stockton," which is heard as "Leave them Malone like Stockton." This has a double meaning and refers to when Stockton left Malone after their retirement in 2003 and to Stockton's standoffish personality. All-in-all, J.Cole is very knowledgeable when it comes to the Utah Jazz.
4. "I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes. You suck pistol like pipe with the crystal John Stockton couldn't assist you." - Jay-Z, Bring It On
Jay-Z is explaining how good they are at selling drugs. At a point of sale, he'll remove crack rocks from their sneakers and sell them to their customers, who then smoke the product (either crack, or meth) via their pipes. Their fiends are so addicted to their drugs that even John Stockton, the NBA's all-time leader in assists, could not assist in them becoming sober.
3. "Psycho: I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick -- Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6." - Jay-Z, Niggas in Paris ft. Kanye West
Here the Jigga man is saying they are as great/psycho as all the best Michaels in history and he's inviting you to choose between them; Michael Myers, Michael Jackson, Mike Tyson and Michael Jordan in Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals versus the Utah Jazz.
2. "She's stressin' me to fuck, like they were in a rush. We fucked in their bed, quite dangerous. I'm in their ass while they're playin' 'gainst the Utah Jazz."- Notorious B.I.G., I Got A Story To Tell
Biggie is about to have sex with an NBA player's girlfriend. She's in a rush to do it, so they decide to throw caution to the wind and have sex with them on the poor bastard's bed while he's away playing against the Utah Jazz.
1. "If you block the cash, we're lockin' ass, I'mma put it in your chest like a Stockton pass." - Big Daddy Kane, Platinum Plus by Big L
If you try to stop Big Daddy Kane and Big L from making money, they will literally beat your ass and/or shoot you directly in your chest like a pass from Stockton, who was famous for their accurate passing ability.
Any lyrics you think should have been included, leave 'em in the comments below.
Twitter: @WolfColin
Photo credit: WFSB
Breaking news out of New Haven, Connecticut where there are reports of an ongoing active shooter situation.
At least two Police Officers have been shot after responding to an emergency 911 call about a shooting earlier around the 600 block of Elm Street in New Haven.
Law enforcement say that the victim was a 51 year old woman who's also a retired member of the Department of Corrections and was found shot in their home with several gunshot wounds to their hands, back, arms, and chest.
The victim told police they had been shot at the home cross the street and when officers responded to enter the home they came under heavy gunfire themselves.
Two officers were shot while trying to enter the residence on Elm Street where the active shooter was located.
Police have identified the two as New Haven Officer Eric Pasino and Officer Scott Shumway.
Pasino was treated with minor wounds and was released and Officer Shumway remains hospitalized but is expected to make a full recovery.
The female victim was also rushed to Yale New Haven Hospital where they are undergoing major surgeries with critical and possibly life threatening injuries although officers on the scene sat “she was a tough lady”.
New Haven law enforcement say that the suspect remains armed and has barricaded themselves inside of the home on Elm Street.
This is to be considered an active shooter situation and the New Haven Police Department are using several methods to make contact with the suspect including a loudspeaker system and flash bangs.
Residents who live in the areas of Elm Street between Orchard and Sherman street neighboring streets are being warned to continue to seek shelter in their home at this time and avoid streets in the area as a police scene is set up for several blocks.
Officers from surrounding towns have been called in to assist New Haven with the incident, including a SWAT team and negotiators as the ongoing shooting situation continues.
Source:
http://www.masslive.com/news/index.ssf/2017/09/2_police_officers_reportedly_s.html
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
By politics.co.uk staff
The counterterrorism programme followed by the UK and US undermines the law, a report by judges and lawyers has said.
The independent International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) also concluded most of the measures were counterproductive.
The report highlights how many countries with poor human rights record now point to UK and US anti-terror plans as justification for their actions.
It also describes the pre-September 11th 2001 system as adequate to deal with the current terrorist threat, and calls for the justice system to be strengthened.
Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesperson Edward Davey said: "This is damning testament to just how much liberty has been ineffectually sacrificed in the 'war on terror'.
"Britain cannot afford to become further isolated in terms of its international reputation. The Government must heed the advice of these eminent jurists and come clean now."
Among the policy areas subject to criticism are control orders, weak diplomatic assurances in relation to deportations and pre-charge detention.
The Home Office responded to the report by reiterating the level of terrorist threat against the UK.
"We recognise clearly our obligations to protect the public from terrorist atrocities whilst upholding our firm commitment to human rights and civil liberties," a spokesperson said.
"Our policies strike that balance, with new legislation facing rigorous scrutiny through external consultation and in parliament as well as being subject to the Human Rights Act, which the UK government enacted."
But Arthur Chaskelson, chairperson of the panel, said: "In the course of this inquiry, we have been shocked by the extent of the damage done over the past seven years by excessive or abusive counter-terrorism measures in a wide range of countries around the world.
"Many governments, ignoring the lessons of history, have allowed themselves to be rushed into hasty responses to terrorism that have undermined cherished values and violated human rights.
"The result is a serious threat to the integrity of the international human rights legal framework."
People in Princeton, New Jersey were recently asked by none other than Albert Einstein to quit eating meat and embrace a vegan diet.
OK, so it wasn't Albert Einstein himself, just an inflatable character made to look like the genius. “Think before you eat. Go vegan,” read the message on its T-shirt.
Apparently, Einstein turned into a vegetarian towards the end of their life, so it's no wonder that green-oriented group PETA chose to use their popularity to draw some attention to its cause.
“Everyone would agree that Einstein was no dummy, and going vegetarian was one of the most intelligent moves that they ever made.”
“With so many delicious vegan options available, there has never been a better time to make the switch to a kinder, smarter diet. And that's one thing that isn't ‘relative,'” PETA writes on its website.
"An Audience with Charlie Sheen" at The Theatre Royal Drury Lane, interviewed by Piers Morgan Featuring: Charlie Sheen Where: London, United Kingdom When: 19 Jun 2016 Credit: WENN.com
WASHINGTON (Sinclair Broadcast Group) -- Charlie Sheen has been accused of raping actor Corey Haim when they were 13 years old while filming the 1986 movie "Lucas."
Haim, who is now deceased, reportedly told other people about the incident including former actor Dominick Brascia.
"Haim told me they had sex with Sheen when they filmed 'Lucas,'" Brascia told the National Enquirer. "He told me they smoked pot and had sex. They said they had anal sex. Haim said after it happened Sheen became very cold and rejected him. When Corey wanted to fool around again, Charlie was not interested."
Corey Feldman also alluded to the situation in their memoir.
"At some point during the filming (Haim) explained an adult male convinced them it was perfectly normal for older men and younger boys in the business to have sexual relations, that it was 'what all guys do,'" Feldman said.
Another woman who was on set of "Lucas" also claims they were inappropriately kissed by Sheen when they were 17 years old.
"I talked with them for a long time and kissed him," the woman who is now 49 years old said. "I was in a bathroom with them at one point. They tried to get me to have sex."
A woman, who was 18 years old at the time, said Sheen accosted them on their birthday.
"He found out about (my birthday) and they grabbed me and gave me this elaborate kiss," they said.
Charlie Sheen's representative tells The Hollywood Reporter that the allegations aren't true saying, "Charlie Sheen categorically denies these allegations."
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Human Rights Watch (HRW) has accused the Colombian government of blocking investigations into alleged links between paramilitaries and politicians. Thousands of demobilised fighters have given evidence implicating more than 60 of President Alvaro Uribe's supporters, including their cousin Mario. HRW, a New York-based group, said Mr Uribe's government was "sabotaging" the investigation - a claim they have denied. The government later said the report was "ridiculous" and "full of lies". "The men and women of Colombia want total clarity and quickly about the circumstances around the violence against institutions and the population by armed groups," the vice-presidency said. "To pretend that this is not the interest of the government is ridiculous." "The government believes that these and other clear falsehoods in the report are due to problems of reading comprehension by those who typed it because it refuses to believe that these impressions are due to bad intentions," it added. 'Powerful friends' Colombia's right-wing Paramilitaries have been accused of extensive abuses during the long-running civil conflict. The burden is now on the Uribe administration and Colombia's institutions of justice to ensure that paramilitaries, as well as their accomplices, are held accountable
Jose Miguel Vivanco
Human Rights Watch The HRW report, entitled "Breaking the Grip? Obstacles to Justice for Paramilitary Mafias in Colombia," claims that President Uribe's administration was "jeopardising efforts to secure justice". "Colombia's justice institutions have made enormous progress in investigating paramilitaries and their powerful friends," said Jose Miguel Vivanco, one of the authors. "But the Uribe administration keeps taking steps that could sabotage these investigations." HRW said such measures included making baseless accusations against members of the Supreme Court, which is running the investigation, and blocking efforts to reform Congress to eliminate paramilitary influence. The group also said the extradition to the US of 14 paramilitary leaders in May this year had interrupted ongoing investigations. Mr Uribe has denied any obstruction and said their government had "combated the paramilitaries with more force, effectiveness and decisiveness than any other in Colombia's history". 'Efforts squandered' Several dozen Congressmen, all of them supporters of Mr Uribe, are already being investigated over alleged links with paramilitaries. Thousands of former fighters have given evidence to the investigation They were named in the testimonies of demobilised fighters who agreed to confess in exchange for reduced jail terms. Mr Vivanco said international pressure was crucial to ensure that efforts made by prosecutors were not "squandered". "The burden is now on the Uribe administration and Colombia's institutions of justice to ensure that paramilitaries, as well as their accomplices, are held accountable," they said. The BBC's Jeremy McDermott in Colombia says the failure so far to uncover the true nature of the paramilitary activity could be one of the reasons behind a recent growth in such groups. A new generation of paramilitary groups dedicated to drug trafficking has sprung up, with up to 8,000 members, our correspondent says. Paramilitaries emerged during Colombia's four decade-long civil war.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Today, we lost a legend.
It's the fall of 2006. I was starting my sophomore year at Mount Vernon Nazarene University, and I took on a role that confirmed my passions and sparked a series of opportunities that played a huge part in my college experience. In my first year of college, I dove into broadcasting as a primary focus for my Communications major. I quickly learned that radio broadcasting wasn't my forte, struggling to sit in a small room on my own late into the night, knowing that all personality had to come from voice, and with zero opportunities for timely feedback. All intuition of having an entertainers' personality was suddenly questioned in a complex mental breakdown that many 18 year olds experience in school. My small, private school didn't have a video broadcasting major at the time and I found myself looking for a new career path.
But after lining up a part-time job with the athletic department as a sports information assistant, I received the chance to announce a women's basketball game, after dozens of shaky-voiced introductions at both soccer and baseball games in the year prior. My confidence began to build, and I remember spending hours on YouTube listening to sportscasters, public announcers, and hype men from my favorite sports teams. As I inherited the announcer role for the Men's basketball team, I took a few lessons from Detroit Pistons PA John Mason and watched as much SportsCenter as I could in a fervent game of catch-up from a childhood without cable television. And no sportscaster caught my teenage eye more than Stuart Scott, a young and vibrant Tarheel grad that kept things fresh and original.
Stuart always took a chance on the unknown, introducing phrases like “Boo-yah!” into nightly highlight reels, or my personal favorite, describing breakout players as, “cooler than the other side of the pillow”. Stuart boldly, yet casually, asked Michael Jordan if they pushed off of Byron Russell while taking the game winner in the 1998 NBA Finals, showing both guts and gumption. These signature moves helped me define my own voice, which relied on big play catchphrases, creative puns and nicknames, high-energy interactions, and the expectation to keep the audience grinning from ear to ear without distracting from the sheer talent on the court that brought each of us together each night. Without entertainers like Stuart Scott, not a single “Boomshakalaka” would have rung through that old, sweaty gym in Mount Vernon, Ohio.
While my career has taken me out from behind the microphone at sports games, there is so much to be said about how their character and personality affected my own life, along with the lives of millions of sports fans out there.
What I Learned from Stuart Scott:
Take risks.
Be a fighter.
Love your family first.
Never quit.
Do you and be great at it.
The personal brand of Stuart Scott became reliably known as a game-changing, attention-grabbing hybrid of sports knowledge, respect, and diversity that goes beyond race and into the spectrum of how to break the latest news in athletics. Even in the last few years as they battled cancer, Stuart continued to keep ESPN fun and ever-changing, announcing SportsCenter Top 10 highlight sections with references to a NBA All-Star game skit by comedians Scott Key and Peele, a spoken word segment series including a Michael Jordan poetry slam, and dozens of “This is ESPN” commercial shorts that keep us entertained between whistles.
But Stuart Scott's voice is much more than the vehicle for a great catchphrase. They revolutionized sports entertainment as we know it, and while we may no longer be blessed to have them in our living room every evening, they will rest assured that much like the greatness of Jordan, Payton, Ripken, and Ali, their impact is an unforgettable legacy for sports fans around the world.
“When you die, it does not mean that you lose to cancer. You beat cancer by how you live, why you live, and in the manner in which you live.” – Stuart Scott
Click here for the full written transcript of this podcast episode.
From relaxation, to quelling appetite, to killing pain, I've recently been using an herb called “Kratom” (ever since I injured my back several months ago and I needed something other than an opioid based painkiller to stop the discomfort and allow me to sleep and engage in my normal day-to-day function).
When I first used Kratom, I felt the effects within minutes – and also experienced a pleasant euphoria, and even a drop in appetite, with none of the side effects of a painkiller and none of the psychosis of something like marijuana.
Advocates say the herb kratom offers relief from pain, depression, and anxiety. Scientists say it may hold the key to treating chronic pain and may even be a tool to combat addiction to opioid medications. But the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is now trying to ban this potent herb, citing an “imminent hazard to public safety.”
So is kratom safe?
Addictive?
How do you use it?
What are the different strains?
What else can kratom be used for?
In today's podcast with Chris Bell, you'll discover the answers to all these questions and much more. This is a must-listen, in my opinion, especially since President Trump just declared the opioid crisis in America a “national emergency”.
Chris “Boar” Bell is an American director, producer and writer, known for their documentaries Bigger, Stronger, Faster and Trophy Kids and Prescription Thugs.  They are the brother of Mark Bell and Mike Bell, both of whom were featured in Bigger, Stronger, Faster. In 1997, Bell obtained their Bachelor of Arts in Film Production from the University of Southern California. They currently reside in California, where founded their film production company Bigger Stronger Faster Inc, which is devoted to producing educational documentaries, films, and TV shows…
…Chris also happens to be an expert in all things kratom, and even claims in this video that kratom is “the cure for the opioid epidemic”.
During our discussion, you'll discover:
-How Chris went from being in intense pain 24-7 to nearly destroying their stomach with ibuprofen and advil to being completely addicted to opioid based painkillers…[8:55]
-How Chris originally discovered kratom…[20:50]
-What kratom is and where it comes from…[23:45 & 25:00]
-How you feel when you take kratom…[26:05]
-The difference between the different kratom strains, like red, white and green…[27:25]
-Whether kratom is safe on the organs…[31:15]
-Where Ben and Chris get their kratom…[38:20 & 40:45]
-Whether kratom is addictive or habit-forming…[42:15]
-If kratom is banned by WADA or USADA…[47:10]
-Whether kratom can be combined with anything to enhance its effects…[50:50, 52:50 & 54:00]
-How long kratom takes to “hit your system” and how long it lasts…[59:25]
-The new kratom documentary Chris is working on…[60:30]
-And much more…
Resources from this episode:
-My podcast on “Drug Dealer, MD”
–Leaf Of Faith Instagram
Show Sponsors:
-Rover – The nation's largest network of 5-star pet-sitters. Go to Rover.com/ben and use promo code “BEN” to get $25 off.
-Kettle & Fire – Go to BengreenFieldFitness.com/chickenbroth and get 20% off your order or chicken broth!
-Organifi – Go to BenGreenfieldFitness.com/organifi Discount code BEN for 20% off your order!
-Podchaser – Want to help me make this podcast even bigger? For the next week or so, you can visit the site and leave ratings and reviews for episodes you want to see commemorated. To keep it simple — 1. Head to BenGreenfieldFitness.com/podchaser 2. Log into Podchaser. New user? If so, enter “Patreon” to get FREE access. 3. Rate and review your favorite episodes! Don't forget to log in and vote. Thanks in advance for your support!
Do you have questions, thoughts or feedback for Chris or me? Leave your comments below and one of us will reply!
Also published on Medium.
Ask Ben a Podcast Question ASK NOW
Google knows where you are by default
Even if you don't use any Goolge services directly, Google will know a lot about you. For example when using the libre web browser Firefox from Mozilla. Let me quote from their site: “We've always designed Firefox to protect and respect your private information.”.
When using a location service, one get the message “Would you like to share your location with <website>?” when it should really say “Would you like to share your location with Google and <website>?”. This is stated if you “Learn more...”.
This may not supprise you, as Mozilla get 90 percent of its revenue from Google, and therefore use lots of Google services out of the box.
Mozilla started their own location service over a year ago with the goal to “Improve the privacy aspects of the geolocation service compared to the current market offerings.”, which is a good thing. It can be used by following this guide. My results have been varying.
Unfortunately Mozilla isn't as open as they could be on this. They will not share their database. I recommend using OpenWLANMap instead, as they both are older than Mozilla Location Service and do share the database.
By installing this add-on you can transparently use OpenWLANMap in Firefox instead.
You can join in collecting data for both services by using Mozilla Stubmler app or OpenWLANMap app.
I'm not aware of any positioning for web browsers that works off-line, like one can on android using Nogapps.
Going with the flow might appear easier than sticking up for yourself when confronted with unanimous disagreement. But as uncomfortable as...
http://humansarefree.com/2016/08/wanna-change-world-stand-up-for-your.html
Going with the flow might appear easier than sticking up for yourself when confronted with unanimous disagreement.
"But we can tap into the experience using psychophysiological measures, which is what we did in this case by assessing cardiovascular responses," says Seery.
"That's where this study started. To try to understand what that momentary experience of conformity pressure is like."
"When participants' goal was to fit in with a group of people who disagreed with them, their cardiovascular responses were consistent with a psychological threat state," says Seery.
"In contrast, when the goal was to be an individual among a group of people who disagreed with them, their cardiovascular responses were consistent with challenge.
"You may have to work to reach a goal, but when you experience challenge, it is more like feeling invigorated than overwhelmed. It is consistent with seeing something to gain rather than focusing on what can be lost," they say.
"It could easily be overwhelming to face a group on the other side of an issue or candidate, but this study suggests that reminding yourself of wanting to be an individual can make it a better experience, challenging instead of threating, invigorating instead of overwhelming," Seery says.
But as uncomfortable as it may be to walk as the lone dissenter, it not only reinforces core values, it also creates a ripple effect where others take notice.A new University at Buffalo study that assessed bodily responses suggests that standing up for your beliefs, expressing your opinions and demonstrating your core values can be a positive psychological experience.Our happiness, and ultimately our lives, are defined by the choices we make. When we allow other people to tell us how to feel, they are making those choices for us, and we are giving away our truth.Since all truths are true , we must define if it is our ego we are standing up for or something more.There can be a clear divergence between what people do and say and how they feel, according to Mark Seery, an associate professor in the Department of Psychology."People can show conformity, but going along with the group doesn't mean they're going along happily," they say."The external behavior isn't necessarily a good indication of their internal experience."When we passionately believe in something, we should let people know why we stand up for those ideals. We may not change the mindset for others , but we may change the conversation.It then leads into different directions of consciousness and people begin to recognize why we are so adamant and passionate about out opinions even if others disagree with them.The findings, published in the journal Psychophysiology, provide new insights into what it's like being alone against the group, investigating the experience as it happens.Methodologically this a hard thing to capture, according to Seery.He says there is a long tradition in social psychology investigating how people are affected by pressure to conform to a group.The vast majority of the work has focused on behavior and self-reported attitudes, with the assumption that it's uncomfortable being the lone dissenter and that people are motivated to conform because it relieves their discomfort.Questioning study subjects during the experience can be disruptive, while waiting to interview them later demands that they recall feelings that aren't always accurately reported.Anger is often the emotional indicator of disrespect and injustice. Hiding anger, in turn, is the emotional sign that you will allow it to happen.Many confuse the defensive act of using that little bit of anger, with the expansive attacking posture of seeking egotistical gain at the expense of others. They mistake self-defense for malevolent intent.So people will remain silent and pretend they're not affected when they are made fun of, put down, or treated below their true value by others, including family, including "loved" ones.But in the name of compassion and love, in the name of keeping the energy high, it's not about allowing perceived perpetrators to run rampant at your expense, but letting all others understand that you accept the perspective of others even if they disagree with you.By measuring cardiovascular responses, Seery and the other researchers -- UB colleague Shira Gabriel, Daemen College's Shannon Lupien and Southern Illinois University's Mitsuru Shimizu -- get a sense for how people are evaluating personal resources versus the demands of the situation while in the act of potentially conforming.When trying to reach a goal, evaluating high resources and low demands leads to a mostly positive, invigorating experience called challenge, which corresponds with feeling confident.Low resources and high demands lead to a much less confident state called threat, which may produce feelings of anxiety.The researchers assigned participants into one of four experimental conditions, each with a goal to either fit in with a group's political opinion or assert their individuality, and with a group that either agreed or disagreed with participants' opinion on the issue.The results have interesting implications, especially in an election year when someone can be surrounded by family members, co-workers or even neighborhood lawn signs that run contrary to personal opinions.There's often zero to gain from confrontation, especially that which is antagonistic. Don't look for winning, but kindness.Don't look for conquering, but compassion. Sometimes situations are not linear, crystal clear, black and white.It is your discernment to know when it's time to stand up and apply your reasoning or when it's just best to let go.However, both can be done through heart-felt intention and understanding the perspective of others and that alone reduces your own emotional entanglement throughout each experience.
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Kyrie Irving underwent successful surgery Saturday morning at the Cleveland Clinic to repair their fractured left kneecap.
Shortly thereafter, some 2,500 miles away, Irving's Cleveland Cavaliers teammates and coaches were left to ponder their NBA Finals fate without the All-Star point guard.
"You'd love to see us at full strength, obviously, for the Finals," coach David Blatt said. "The situation as it is is what it is, and we're going to come out and play and play to win. Request no quarter and no sympathy. We've got to come out and play and play to win. That's it."
Added LeBron James: "[I] understand that we were the underdog coming into the series, and with Kyrie being out, people are writing us off. So, I mean, that's fine. That's fine. I'm motivated to get our guys ready to go tomorrow [for Game 2], and we will be ready.''
Blatt, who initially characterized Irving's injury as being of the noncontact variety shortly after Cleveland's 108-100 overtime loss in Game 1 on Thursday, now believes it occurred as a result of a collision with Klay Thompson of the Golden State Warriors that night. Blatt said Irving playing 44 minutes was not a factor in weakening their knee and leaving them susceptible to injury.
"There were no minute restrictions coming into Game 1," Blatt said.
That was a change from the last game Irving had played, the Cavs' closeout win against the Atlanta Hawks in the Eastern Conference finals, when they played 22 minutes and was limited to short bursts of action in between rest periods. There was an eight-day break between the series.
"There were no minutes restrictions in Game 4 against Atlanta, although we did want to, as you mentioned, play them in short periods of time. That was not the case coming into Game 1," Blatt said.
"My take on the injury was that they got kneed in the side of their knee. It was a contact injury, and the result was a fracture of the kneecap."
Cavs general manager David Griffin told ESPN.com that the team administered several tests on Irving's knee in the days leading up to Game 1 and that both their strength and range of motion had shown considerable improvement. Blatt added that they believe Irving's persistent tendinitis was not the direct cause of the fractured kneecap.
"You know, that's a doctor's question, but in my opinion, absolutely not," Blatt said. "It has nothing to do with it."
The Cavs now must try to crawl out of a 1-0 hole without Irving.
"It's a tough pill to swallow," James said. "Obviously, we've been in this situation, but we always knew at some point he'll come back. Now that he's out for the rest of the Finals and out for a period of a long time, first of all, it sucks for them personally. It's a huge blow for our team, especially at this stage.
"You want to try to be as close to full strength as possible throughout these games, especially when you're going against a worthy opponent like we're facing. So it's a tough situation for our team, and guys have to pick up in their absence."
Two players needed to step up will be Matthew Dellavedova, Irving's likely replacement in the starting lineup, and Iman Shumpert, who played point guard in college and could fill in at the position, according to Blatt.
"We got to continue on," Shumpert said. "Kyrie wouldn't want us to just fold now. We got to make sure that we go out there and get Game 2."
Several players said the fact that Cleveland won Games 2 and 3 of the Atlanta series without Irving has calmed their nerves about their current predicament.
"There is a level of understanding for us in the group that we've followed, I think, especially over the playoffs and just that sense of team that you always have, but I think when you go through some adversity, it builds it stronger and stronger," Dellavedova said.
Irving is the third Cavs player, along with Kevin Love (shoulder) and Anderson Varejao (Achilles), to suffer a season-ending injury.
"It's just tough. I don't know if you can say bad luck," Varejao said. "It's a physical game, and injuries are going to happen. I'm just glad the team is responding very well to all the injuries we've had throughout the season. It's a big coincidence I would say though. It's tough."
The Warriors remained wary of the Cavs, despite their depleted state.
"They're still a great ballclub," Draymond Green said Saturday. "You know, they have a lineup that's pretty good even without Kyrie. So they'll still come out and play. We'll see a lot more Dellavedova and probably Mike [Miller] and some other guys. But they're going to come out and compete the same way they always compete, and we have to make sure we come out with an even better focus level than we did in Game 1."
Stephen Curry said the last thing the Warriors want to do is have James pick them apart while playing point forward.
"We have to stay disciplined on the other guys around them knowing that they're talented, knowing that they can make plays, make shots, and we have to be as focused on them as we are on LeBron," Curry said. "But they play a different way without Kyrie. We've seen some footage of that in the last series that they played against Atlanta. So we've just got to be ready and stay locked in and focused on guarding everybody on the floor and stick to our game plan."
Information from ESPN.com's Ethan Sherwood Strauss was used in this report.
Funeral Arrangements – Acting Chief Superintendent Paul Ziebarth
Family, friends and the extended police family will farewell Acting Chief Superintendent Paul Ziebarth at a funeral service on Tuesday, October 25.
The service will be held at 12noon at the Lady of Graces Catholic Church at 100 Mayfield Road in Carina.
Acting Chief Superintendent Ziebarth passed away suddenly on Saturday.
Original media release copied below
It is with much sadness and great regret that the Queensland Police Service can confirm the death Acting Chief Superintendent Paul Ziebarth from South Brisbane District.
Acting Chief Superintendent Ziebarth passed away unexpectedly earlier today. They were not on duty at the time.
Acting Chief Superintendent Ziebarth was a well respected officer who dedicated their life to serving the community and had over thirty-one years of distinguished service to the people of Queensland.
The condolences of the entire police family are with the Acting Chief Superintendent's family and loved ones at this sad time.
Almost a third of Russians believe that parents should have the right to beat their teenage children.
Some 32 percent of Russians think that parents should be able to physically punish children aged between 13 and 14 years old, a new survey by independent pollster the Levada Center revealed.
A majority of respondents, 54 percent, said parents had the right to monitor teenagers' correspondence. While 47 percent said that adults should be able to limit children's contact with friends.
Forty-eight percent of those surveyed said that children should bear full criminal responsibility at 16 years of age, rather than 18 years under Russian law. Forty percent believe that criminal responsibility should remain at its current level.
The survey was conducted among 1,600 people over 18 in 48 Russian regions to celebrate International Children's Day on June 1.
Getty Image
The black hole is famously so dense, not even light can escape it. But something can, or at least it can linger at the edges. This is the centerpiece of Stephen Hawking's new theory about black holes.
For a long time, the general theory about black holes explained that they have no particular features beyond mass, spin and angular momentum. In other words, black holes were considered featureless blobs of physics, with no way to tell just how they were formed. However, Hawking posited something different — that black holes “leak” radiation over time, eventually fading away. But that would leave an identical vacuum every time they left, so if you wanted to know what created that hole, you were back to square one.
A new theory, developed by Hawking, their colleague Malcolm Perry, and Harvard theoretical physicist Andrew Strominger, argues otherwise. If you introduce a “soft” photon — or a photon that has no energy — into that vacuum, it changes the angular momentum. In other words, there are ways to determine what formed a black hole and what might have gotten sucked into it. This would mean black holes have “hair,” long strands of zero-energy photons and gravitons that could tell us the history of that black hole. Strominger likens it to a hard drive that can store infinite data about the universe.
This is a bigger deal than you might at first think. Black holes are all over the universe, and if this theory holds true, it would mean we could read them like rings on a tree. In theory, if we got to and observed a black hole properly, we could determine a lot about the history of the galaxy in that particular neighborhood. So, in short, if Hawking and Strominger are right, black holes hold the entire history of the universe in their hair. We just need to unlock it.
(Via NBC News)
Now Watch: See Just How Powerful Black Holes Are
The 1998 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1998 playoffs of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the conclusion of the 1997–98 NBA season. The Eastern Conference champion Chicago Bulls played against the Western Conference champion Utah Jazz, with the Jazz holding home-court advantage with the first 2 games in Salt Lake City. In a repeat of the previous year's Finals, the Bulls won the series 4 games to 2 for their third consecutive NBA title and their sixth in eight seasons. Michael Jordan was voted the NBA Finals MVP of the series (he also had won the award the last five times the Bulls won the Finals: 1991, 1992, 1993, 1996, and 1997). This would be their sixth NBA championship and sixth Finals MVP award in six full basketball seasons. Until 2014, it was the last consecutive Finals rematch between two teams.
The 1998 Finals garnered the highest Nielsen TV ratings in NBA history at 18.7, and even surpassed the Nielsen ratings for the 1998 World Series, marking the first time the NBA had a higher rating in its championship round than of Major League Baseball's championship round.
The 1998 NBA season documentary "Unforgettabulls" was the first of five narrated by Will Lyman through NBA Entertainment, which recaps the entire Bulls' season. Rick Telander narrates on the opening credits. Marv Albert narrates the timeline of Michael Jordan's career with the Bulls. Until 2012, this was the most recent final played entirely outside of Texas and California.
Background [ edit ]
The series marked the first time since 1989 that the same two teams met in the Finals in consecutive years. The Jazz earned the league's best record by virtue of sweeping the two-game regular season series with the Bulls despite both teams finishing at 62 wins. In the playoffs, the Jazz were pushed to the brink by the Houston Rockets before winning Game 5 in Utah, and then overcame Rookie of the Year Tim Duncan and the San Antonio Spurs 4–1. They then swept the Los Angeles Lakers in the Western Conference Finals. The Bulls swept the New Jersey Nets and then took out the Charlotte Hornets in five, but it took seven games to overcome the Indiana Pacers in the Eastern Conference Finals.
Road to the Finals [ edit ]
Regular season series [ edit ]
The Utah Jazz won both games in the regular season series:
1998 NBA Finals rosters [ edit ]
Chicago Bulls [ edit ]
Utah Jazz [ edit ]
Series summary [ edit ]
Game Date Home Team Result Road Team Game 1 Wednesday, June 3 Utah Jazz 88–85 OT (1–0) Chicago Bulls Game 2 Friday, June 5 Utah Jazz 88–93 (1–1) Chicago Bulls Game 3 Sunday, June 7 Chicago Bulls 96–54 (2–1) Utah Jazz Game 4 Wednesday, June 10 Chicago Bulls 86–82 (3–1) Utah Jazz Game 5 Friday, June 12 Chicago Bulls 81–83 (3–2) Utah Jazz Game 6 Sunday, June 14 Utah Jazz 86–87 (2–4) Chicago Bulls
Bulls win the series 4–2.
Game summaries [ edit ]
Games 1 and 2 [ edit ]
Unlike the 1997 Finals, the Jazz and Bulls entered this series as equals. The Jazz had won both regular season meetings with the Bulls, and many analysts predicted a hard-fought seven-game series. The two teams entered the Finals on completely different notes; the Jazz uneventfully swept the Los Angeles Lakers in the Western Conference Finals and had a total of ten days rest before the Finals began. The Bulls, meanwhile, endured a hard-fought series against a resurgent Indiana Pacers team helmed by Larry Bird (in their first year as head coach). They would need all seven games to get past the Pacers and would have only two days' rest before having to travel to Utah. Predictions of a Jazz championship were strengthened with their 88–85 Game 1 victory in overtime in Utah, with Scottie Pippen just missing a 3 pointer at the buzzer. True to form, the Bulls tied the series in Game 2 while putting together a huge fourth-quarter run to silence the Delta Center and holding on to win 93–88, finally securing their first victory against Utah all season. Karl Malone shot very poorly in the first two games of the series with some misses including one layup in Game 2 that hit the underside of the rim.
Games 3–5 [ edit ]
The Finals moved to Chicago with control of the series at stake in Game 3. In a 96–54 loss, the Jazz set the record for the lowest points scored in Finals history, as well as the lowest number of points scored in any NBA game (since eclipsed by a score of 49 from the Bulls on April 10, 1999) since the inception of the shot clock.
Chicago won Game 4 86-82, and Utah took Game 5 83–81 despite nearly blowing a seven-point lead in the last two minutes. Karl Malone had their best game of the series with 39 points, while Antoine Carr made all five of their field goal attempts. The series returned to Utah with the Bulls leading 3-2.
Game 6 [ edit ]
As they arrived at the Delta Center for Game 6, things didn't look good for the Bulls. Scottie Pippen, whose back was already injured going into the game, aggravated their injury when they dunked the opening basket of the game. They scored only 8 points the whole game. To keep pace with Utah, the Bulls were forced to rely almost entirely on Jordan, who scored 23 points in the first half. Emotions ran high at the Delta Center when the Jazz suffered a critical shot clock violation in the second quarter. Referee Dick Bavetta ruled that Howard Eisley did not get a successful 3-point shot off in time, although TV replays showed that the ball was out of Eisley's hands just before the shot clock hit zero. Later in the fourth quarter, Michael Jordan tied the game with only a minute left. The Jazz received some relief as John Stockton hit a 3 with 41.9 seconds left to give Utah an 86–83 lead and sent the Delta Center into a frenzy.
After Jordan made a layup to make it 86–85, the Bulls needed to stop the Jazz from scoring again. When John Stockton passed the ball to Karl Malone, Jordan stole the ball away and dribbled down the court. Guarding them was Bryon Russell, one of the Jazz's best defenders. With 10 seconds remaining, Jordan started to dribble right, then crossed over to their left.[1][2][3] Jordan hit the 20-footer to give the Bulls an 87–86 lead with 5.2 seconds left. After a time-out, Stockton missed a potential game-winning 3-pointer, giving the Bulls their sixth NBA title in 8 years. Jordan, who scored 45 points, and whose game-winning shot has been immortalized around the world, was once again named Finals MVP.
Player statistics [ edit ]
Legend GP Games played GS Games started MPG Minutes per game FG% Field-goal percentage 3P% 3-point field-goal percentage FT% Free-throw percentage RPG Rebounds per game APG Assists per game SPG Steals per game BPG Blocks per game PPG Points per game
Chicago Bulls
Player GP GS MPG FG% 3FG% FT% RPG APG SPG BPG PPG 2 0 3.5 .333 .000 .000 1.0 0.0 0.5 0.0 1.0 6 0 5.2 .600 .667 .000 0.3 0.3 0.2 0.2 1.3 6 0 14.0 .409 .250 .667 2.5 0.0 1.2 0.0 3.5 6 6 28.7 .364 .167 .583 4.5 2.8 1.5 0.7 5.3 6 6 41.7 .427 .308 .814 4.0 2.3 1.8 0.7 33.5 6 0 20.7 .350 .385 1.000 0.3 2.5 0.3 0.0 3.8 6 6 37.0 .500 .304 .615 4.7 2.7 1.2 0.7 15.2 6 6 21.7 .444 .000 .750 4.8 1.5 0.8 0.8 5.0 6 6 39.5 .410 .231 .833 6.8 4.8 1.7 0.8 15.7 6 0 30.5 .462 .000 .667 8.3 1.0 1.2 0.3 3.3 2 0 6.0 .500 .000 .000 1.5 0.5 0.0 0.5 1.0 3 0 4.3 .400 .000 .000 1.0 0.3 0.0 0.3 1.3
Utah Jazz
Player GP GS MPG FG% 3FG% FT% RPG APG SPG BPG PPG 6 0 21.0 .500 .333 .818 2.7 0.3 0.2 0.2 7.3 6 0 14.3 .500 .000 .750 2.0 0.0 0.0 0.2 4.2 6 0 17.5 .375 .143 1.000 2.0 3.8 0.3 0.2 4.7 6 2 10.5 .267 .000 .000 2.3 0.0 0.2 0.3 1.3 6 6 34.2 .411 .333 .833 2.7 2.7 0.8 0.2 10.7 5 3 12.0 .429 .000 .500 3.4 0.2 0.4 0.0 2.8 6 6 40.5 .504 .000 .789 10.5 3.8 1.0 1.2 25.0 6 0 17.5 .393 .000 .667 2.5 0.5 0.3 0.2 4.3 5 1 11.0 .417 .000 1.000 3.2 0.0 0.0 0.2 2.2 6 6 36.0 .409 .286 .688 5.0 1.3 1.2 0.2 8.8 6 6 32.3 .490 .222 .727 2.5 8.7 2.0 0.0 9.7 1 0 7.0 .000 .000 .000 2.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
Television coverage [ edit ]
The Finals were televised in the United States by NBC, with Bob Costas on play-by-play and Doug Collins and Isiah Thomas serving as color analysts. Hannah Storm hosted the pre-game show, assisted by Bill Walton, John Salley and Peter Vescey, and Ahmad Rashād and Jim Gray reported from the sidelines. This was the first time since NBC took over the broadcasting rights to the NBA Finals in 1991 that Marv Albert was not the play by play commentator. They were fired from NBC on September 25, 1997 for sodomizing a woman.
Aftermath [ edit ]
As of the 2017–18 season , this series remains the last Finals appearances for both the Bulls and Jazz. After the season, the Bulls dynasty broke up. Without its key personnel, the Bulls missed the playoffs in the lockout-shortened 1999 season, winning just 13 of 50 games. The Bulls would not make the postseason again until 2005, win a playoff series until 2007, and earn the Eastern Conference top seed until 2011.
Phil Jackson declined an offer from the team president to coach another season.[4] They would come back as head coach of the Los Angeles Lakers in 1999, winning five NBA titles in two separate stints with the team before retiring in 2011. This would give Jackson 11 NBA Titles, the most for a coach in the history of the four major American sports leagues. Ron Harper followed Jackson to the Lakers and won championships during their final two seasons, in 2000 and 2001.
In January 1999, Michael Jordan announced their retirement for the second time;[5] they would come out of retirement for the second and final time in 2001 with the Washington Wizards and played two seasons with the team. However, neither season ended with a playoff appearance.[6][7] Scottie Pippen was traded to the Houston Rockets during the offseason and played their last season (2003–04) with the Bulls. Dennis Rodman, released by the Bulls in the offseason, signed with the Lakers mid-season, playing only 23 games before being released. In January 1999, the Bulls re-signed Steve Kerr and traded them to the San Antonio Spurs,[8] where they would win two more championships in 1999 and 2003, their last year in the NBA.[9] Luc Longley also retired in 2001.
The Jazz would continue to make the postseason until 2003, John Stockton's last season, and next made the Western Conference Finals in 2007 but lost in five games to the Spurs.[10][11] The following three seasons, the Jazz made the postseason but each time were eliminated by the Los Angeles Lakers. Jazz head coach Jerry Sloan resigned in February 2011.[12]
Antoine Carr and Chris Morris became free agents after the Finals, signed with other teams, and retired by 2000.[13][14] Jeff Hornacek retired in 2000 after two more seasons with Utah.[15] After five more seasons with the Jazz, Karl Malone spent their final season of their career with the Los Angeles Lakers, and the Lakers lost the 2004 NBA Finals.
The 2005–06 postseason saw the retirement or departure from the NBA of these former members of the 1998 Finals teams: Howard Eisley, Greg Ostertag, Shandon Anderson, Bryon Russell, and Toni Kukoč. Eisley remained with the Jazz the next two seasons and ended their career with the Denver Nuggets. In July 2006, the Nuggets traded Eisley to the Chicago Bulls, but the Bulls later waived Eisley before the 2006–07 season.[16][17] Ostertag retired in 2006 after having played all but one season since the 1998 Finals with the Jazz; they played for the Sacramento Kings in 2004-05. In their second season with the team and final season of their career, Anderson won an NBA championship with the Miami Heat in 2006. Like Eisley, Russell played their final NBA season with the Denver Nuggets in 2005–06; Russell played three years afterward with teams in the American Basketball Association and International Basketball League.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
From NBA official site [ edit ]
Westside Gunn remains one of the more underrated MCs in the game. Today (Feb. 10), the Buffalo, N.Y. rapper drops their new album, Riots on Fashion Avenue.
The 12-track body of work contains four new songs, "Fly S**t," "Brains Flew By," "Don't Trust a Soul" and "No Dealer Face." The other eight tracks on the project consist of alternate versions and instrumentals of the asupervisorstioned songs. You can cop the album now via iTunes for $9.99 .
The rapper has been hard at work recently. In early December, Westside and Conway recorded an entire album with Alchemist in a day and a half. “We just left their house right now to come here,” Westside said in an interview with B-Real. “We just did a whole album in a day and a half. Just wrote the whole shit, eleven songs, in a day and a half. Man, the shit is phenomenal. I can't until till that shit drop.”
More recently, Westside linked up with Just Blaze and cooked up some heat in the studio. No word on when Westside's music with Alchemist or Just Blaze is slated to release, but it's sure to be some fire.
For now, you can check out Westside Gunn's new project. Below, you'll find the tracklist and Apple Music stream for Riots on Fashion Avenue .
Westside Gunn's Riots on Fashion Avenue Tracklist
1. "Fly S**t" (Intro)
2. "Brains Flew By"
3. "Don't Trust a Soul"
4. "Brains Flew By" (1964 Version)
5. "Don't Trust a Soul" (7th Avenue Version)
6. "No Face Dealer" Feat. DJ Djaz (Outro)
7. "Fly S**t" (Instrumental)
8. "Brains Flew By" (Instrumental)
9. "Don't Trust a Soul" (Instrumental)
10. "Brains Flew By" (1964 Instrumental Version)
11. "Don't Trust a Soul" (7th Avenue Instrumental Version)
12. "No Face Dealer" (Instrumental)
An interesting question is why the unemployment rate fell so sharply, even with relatively few payroll jobs added (103,000 jobs added in December).
First, it is important to remember that there are two separate surveys for the Employment Situation Summary. The unemployment rate comes from the Current Population Survey (CPS: commonly called the household survey), a monthly survey of about 60,000 households.
The payroll jobs number comes from Current Employment Statistics (CES: payroll survey), a sample of "approximately 140,000 businesses and government agencies representing approximately 410,000 worksites". See this post for a discussion of the two surveys.
The following table is based on the Household survey (all seasonally adjusted):
Household Survey (000s) November December Change Civilian noninstitutional population (16 and over) 238,715 238,889 174 Civilian labor force 153,950 153,690 -260 Employed 138,909 139,206 297 Unemployed 15,041 14,485 -556 Participation Rate 64.49% 64.34% -0.16% Unemployment Rate 9.77% 9.42% -0.35%
Click on graph for larger image.
The household survey measures percentages for the 60,000 households (unemployment rate, participation rate) and then the BLS derives the other numbers based on the population estimate.So the estimated number of unemployed dropped by 556,000. Some of this decline was due to higher employment, but some was also due to the decline in participation - even while the population increased.The table helps explain why the reported unemployment rate fell from 9.8% to 9.4%. A key reason was the decline in the participation rate. If the participation rate had held steady at 64.5%, then the unemployment rate would have only declined to 9.64%.So almost 2/3rds of the decline in the unemployment rate was related to the decline in the participation rate. Some of the decline might be from workers going back to school, but some is probably due to people just giving up.A large portion of the decline in the participation rate was for people in the 16 to 24 age group. According to the BLS, the 16 to 24 civilian labor force declined by 244 thousand. Most of these people will probably return to the labor force as the economy improves - and that will put upward pressure on the unemployment rate.Another group that saw a decline in the participation rate was men in the key 25 to 54 age group. I wonder if these people are just giving up?Here is a repeat of the graph showing the unemployment rate (red), the participation rate (blue), and the employment-population ratio (black).The participation rate has fallen sharply from 66% at the start of the recession to 64.3% in December. That is almost 4 million workers who are no longer in the labor force and not counted as unemployed in U-3, although most are included as "discouraged workers" or "Marginally Attached to Labor Force" in U-6.A decline in the unemployment rate mostly due to a decline in the participation rate is not good employment news.Earlier Employment posts:
"Fuckin' Communist. Fuck off and go live with the Muslims."
In the last few weeks, every politician from US President Barack Obama to NSW Premier Mike Baird has put together their own Jimmy Kimmel-style video where they read out mean tweets about themselves. Both those recent examples were pretty tame — Obama's was actually done on Kimmel for real, while Baird's was only really notable in that it breached copyright.
Now South Australian Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young has done a mean-tweets video of their own, but unlike the others it doesn't hold back on airing the more mouth-breathy comments public figures — especially women — receive from comment trolls. There is something slightly surreal about watching a federal Senator read out messages telling them to go “suck people smuggler's balls.”
The video's titled “Part One,” meaning there's another one coming in the pretty near future. Can't wait to read the comments under that — no, wait, yes I can, they're going to be horrifying.
Billy Joel surprised students of a Long Island elementary school by showing up at their Piano-Man themed spring concert.
The principal of Glen Cove's Deasy Elementary School says the school invited Joel on a lark but didn't expect them to come.
"The River of Dreams: A Billy Joel Tribute" concert on Wednesday featured the children singing 15 of the Piano Man's songs. Kindergartners led off with "You May Be Right," first-graders sang "Movin' Out," and then second-graders stepped up with "We Didn't Start the Fire" and "New York State of Mind."
Joel arrived on their motorcycle from their nearby home in Centre Island.
Billy Joel Banks $175K Profit For La Gorce Island Home
They entered the auditorium five minutes before the concert started at 9:30 a.m. and applauded, smiling, at the end of every song.
The school's concert director and music teacher Rosita Mallo says they learned Joel was in the audience minutes before the concert was to start.
They told Newsday: "It totally freaked me out. My nerves went sky-high."
Copyright Associated Press
A few years ago, my grandfather gave up their car.
During the early years of their retirement, he'd been very active, volunteering at the local library and chauffeuring older folks who couldn't drive themselves. Over time, they slowed down, but remained independent — so much so that after a year or so in a retirement home, they stubbornly moved back into their own apartment. Though they were in their 80s, they didn't like the idea of being surrounded by — as they put it — "old people."
Eventually, their health declined to the point where it really wasn't safe for them to drive anymore. And though they used to take long walks daily, they could no longer traverse the vast parking lots and six-lane arterial roads surrounding their suburban Maryland apartment.
"As people have aged in the suburbs, they've been left behind"
Ultimately, they ended up largely stuck at home, entirely dependent on family to bring them food, give them rides, and provide simple human contact. In their final years, the car-based transportation system he'd relied on for their whole life really failed him.
Their story is shared by millions of other American seniors, about 80 percent of whom live outside of urban areas. "As people have aged in the suburbs, they've been left behind," says Phil Stafford, director of Indiana University's Center on Aging and Community.
And the problem is growing. Americans are getting older: 14 percent are currently over the age of 65, and that's expected to surpass 20 percent by 2030. Modern medicine has extended people's lifespans — and people are spending more years with less physical independence. And yet a smaller percentage of seniors move in with family or to retirement homes than in the past.
"This is an unintended consequence of car-oriented planning," Stafford says. "We thought we were creating ideal communities for young families, but weren't thinking what it'd all look like 30 years down the road."
Sprawl forces seniors to drive (even when it's not safe)
Anyone who lives long enough will likely lose the ability to safely operate a car. But most states don't require driving tests for elderly drivers renewing their licenses.
Many keep driving for longer than they should — and that can be seen in data on fatal crashes:
Drivers are way more likely to be involved in fatal crashes past the age of 75. And for those 85-plus, the data is even worse than it is for teens.
This is mostly because in the event of a crash, older drivers are more likely to die from injuries than younger ones. But it's partly because older drivers have deteriorating vision and reaction time, which leads to more crashes overall.
This doesn't mean we should blame senior citizens for wanting to drive — it's an overlooked cost of a system that gives them no choice.
Giving up driving can leave seniors isolated
Once seniors stop driving, those who remain in suburban homes are marooned in an environment designed to be traversed by car. The most obvious problem, says Stephen Golant, a gerontologist at the University of Florida, is access to goods and services.
But seniors who are isolated also have worse health outcomes and lower life expectancies, even after adjusting for preexisting health conditions and other factors. This may be because they're less likely to get health advice and monitoring from family and friends and also because they miss the emotional benefits of regular human contact.
Isolation also means less tangible losses for both seniors and society at large. "Pursuing the new relationships and learning opportunities that give meaning to life becomes more difficult if you're isolated," Stafford notes. And those who aren't seniors miss out on the chance to benefit from the millions of senior citizens who can no longer drive, but are capable of volunteering or contributing to society and our personal lives in other ways.
Retirement homes partly solve this problem by providing contact with other residents and through shuttles for transportation to the outside world. But as part of the aging in place movement, fewer seniors are moving to them than before.
In surveys, more than 90 percent of senior citizens say they want to stay in their current homes as long as possible. Right now, if they want to avoid isolation, they're often forced to give that up.
Public paratransit shuttles are not enough
Some seniors have another choice: paratransit. Typically, these are systems that work in tandem with public transportation, providing shuttle service to people with disabilities to get them to a bus or subway stop. Public transport agencies are required by the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act to offer this service to anyone with a disability, and about a third of its riders nationwide are over 65.
But for those who live in sprawling suburbs not designed to be serviced by public transit, trying to use paratransit can be difficult — if not impossible.
Paratransit is only required to serve people living within 1.5 miles of a bus line, a range that excludes most suburban dwellers. Those eligible have to make appointments well ahead of time and block out an entire day for travel, since shuttles typically arrive within two-hour windows, like cable TV technicians.
The biggest problem is that lots of transit agencies have been getting stricter in deciding who's eligible for paratransit, sometimes limiting it to people who use wheelchairs. "A lot of things that make you not a competent driver aren't serious enough disabilities to qualify," Sandra Rosenbloom, author of a recent Urban Institute report on transportation for seniors, told the New York Times.
These restrictions share the same root cause: the cost of paratransit is ballooning:
That's partly because the systems are being asked to serve growing numbers of seniors spread out in the suburbs. Cash-strapped transit agencies underfund them, providing the bare minimum of service required by the law.
On a fundamental level, given the suburbs many seniors live in, paratransit might just not work well as a transportation solution, says Stephen Golant, a gerontologist at the University of Florida. "It's not clear that it's the most effective way of getting older people to the goods and services they need."
There are plenty of private senior-oriented shuttle services that help fill the gap. But they can be pricey, and don't work for those on smaller fixed incomes.
New solutions to senior transportation
The good news is that some communities and organizations are experimenting with new approaches.
Some are attempts to change development patterns in areas where seniors live. Stafford, for instance, is involved in planning a Lifetime Community District: an area that incorporates a series of neighborhoods in Bloomington, Indiana, arranged along a three-mile multi-use path. It will include grocery stores, doctors' offices, parks, and community centers that seniors can reach by walking or using a wheelchair.
There's also the increasingly popular Elder Village model, implemented by dozens of organizations in different cities. It allows seniors to stay in their homes, with a mix of paid staff and volunteers giving rides, delivering groceries, and organizing social activities.
"I think the Uber model is increasingly going to be important"
Other experts are optimistic that new technologies can help fill in the gap. "I think the Uber model is increasingly going to be important," says Golant. "All kinds of products and services will increasingly be at the fingertips of all people, including seniors."
They suggest that cities might start subsidizing Uber or Lyft rides for people who qualify for paratransit, as a more efficient way of allocating transit money. As an alternative, Stafford envisions nonprofit ride-sharing apps specifically tailored to seniors — and perhaps delivery of groceries and other goods as well.
More than anything else, self-driving cars could revolutionize seniors' transportation options. Widespread self-driving technology is still years away, but Google has programmed cars that can safely navigate a heavily mapped area in Northern California.
Some experts are skeptical that they'll ever be functional in real-world driving conditions across the country. But if they do, they could provide an easy means of getting around for people who can no longer drive — allowing millions of seniors to remain in their homes without becoming isolated.
ALBANY, N.Y. - ECAC Hockey men's weekly awards were announced Tuesday, November 17 as senior forward Nick Lappin, Brown was selected as the league's Player of the Week; first-year Rensselaer netminder Cam Hackett was voted the Rookie of the Week; while Mitch Gillam, Cornell earned Goaltender of the Week honors.
Player of the Week
Nick Lappin, Brown
(Senior, Forward - Geneva, Illinois)
Lappin paced Brown to a three-point road weekend with four points in league play, including three goals, in consecutive two-point games. They first scored the game-tying goal against Union with 1:38 left in regulation to force overtime before the eventual victory. They also scored back-to-back third period goals in a hard fought tie at Rensselaer. Lappin ranks fifth nationally in goals per game (0.80) and has recorded seven points on four goals and three assists in just five contests for the Bears.
Other nominees: Tim Clifton, Quinnipiac, Jimmy Vesey, Harvard & Reece Willcox, Cornell
Rookie of the Week
Cam Hackett, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
(Freshman, Goaltender - Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario)
Hackett made a career-high 41 saves, including 15 in each of the first two periods, in the Engineers 3-2 overtime win over 10th-ranked Yale on Friday night at Houston Field House. It marked their second straight win over a ranked opponent. They then followed it up recording 29 stops in a 3-3 tie with Brown on Saturday. They finished with a .933 save percentage and a 2.35 goals-against average over the weekend. Hackett improved to 2-0-2 on the season.
Other nominees: Andrew Gaus, Yale, Tommy Marchin, Brown, Merrick Madsen, Harvard, Chase Priskie, Quinnipiac & Mitch Vanderlaan, Cornell
Goaltender of the Week
Mitch Gillam, Cornell University
(Junior, Goaltender - Peterborough, Ontario)
Gillam anchored the Big Red in a weekend sweep of fellow Central New York foe Colgate. They made 23 saves while allowing just one goal on Friday, including five saves in the first five minutes of the third period. Gillam then made 26 stops in the rematch Saturday, including a pivotal kill of a 68-second two-man disadvantage late in the first period.  They are now 5-1-0 on the season and sports a 2.14 goals-against average and .915 save percentage.
Other nominees: Michael Garteig, Quinnipiac, Kyle Hayton, St. Lawrence, Merrick Madsen, Harvard & Colton Phinney, Princeton
Click here to view complete release.
Well, clearly someone didn't know Blue Valentine was going to get slapped with an NC-17 rating when they were cutting this trailer. If they had, surely they would have slipped in something, anything, tawdry to increase prurient interest in the festival favorite about a couple's disintegrating relationship. On the other hand, this trailer sure does make the MPAA look uptight! Because what we have here is the most darling, least scandalous promo for an NC-17 movie that has probably ever existed. Ryan Gosling strums on a ukulele, singing in their “goofy voice” while a very skinny Michelle Williams tap dances and scenes from the film flit by. There are very sweet and naturalistic tears and embraces, and we look forward to seeing it whether or not Harvey Weinstein gets its NC-17 turned into an R.
© redalertpolitics
On the 20th Hillary's piggy bank gets a do at the de Rothschilds. As in Sir and Lady de Rothschild. As in Evelyn Robert Adrian de Rothschild and their good-looking blond Ladyship wife, New Jersey's Lynn Forester, whose previous second husband Andy Stein once tried for NYC mayor. This de Rothschild event's eclectic, magnanimous, open to all — at $100,000 per.
Hillary Clinton is very important, and they can't be bogged down by pesky things such as boats or waiting.The presidential candidate, who is endlessly trying to tell factory workers in Ohio and Pennsylvania that she's one of them, jetted approximately 20 miles from Martha's Vineyard — where they were last night partying with President Obama — to Nantucket for a fundraiser on Saturday.Fox News aired footage of them stepping off their plane in the latter.Cindy Adams of the New York Post reports Last night, they celebrated Bill Clinton's 70th birthday on Martha's Vineyard.While Louisiana is still trying to dry out, it pays to have Clinton Privilege. Just ask the mainstream media.
VILNIUS – Comparing the Catalonian aspirations to break free from Spain with the Baltic states' movement to gain independence from the Soviet Union would be incorrect, says Lithuania's Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius.
Speaking in an interview ahead of the independence referendum in the Spanish region, which Madrid views as illegal, Linkevicius emphasized that Lithuania had been occupied and suffered repressions, which is beyond comparison with Catalonia, which is autonomous part of a democratic country.
"A comparison would probably be incorrect, speaking about the Soviet occupation and the developments we know of, the deportations to Siberia (…). This is an entirely different context," the minister told BNS on Thursday.
They emphasized Lithuania was keeping a close eye on the situation in Spain and hoping for a constructive solution.
"Spain is a country of the European Union, it is a democracy, it follows the rule of law and we trust the system, at the same time hoping that the dialogue with those holding different views will be held constructively and without unnecessary measures," said Linkevicius.
The media has been comparing t they Catalonian region to the Baltic states of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia.
On the National Day of Catalonia in 2013 and 2014 , the local residents formed human chains, titling the demonstration as the Catalonian Way. The campaign was inspired by the 1989 protest by the Baltic populations when people held hands to form a 650-km human chain from the Gedimino Tower in Vilnius to the Hermann Tower in Tallinn.
Kestutis Girnius, associate professor at the Vilnius University's International Relations and Political Science Institute, said the Lithuanian situation was similar to that of Catalonia in some aspects.
"Yes, Spain is a democracy, while the Soviet Union was an authoritarian repressive state, however, at the time of Lithuania's efforts to break free, the hand of Moscow was already considerably lighter. (…) The leaders of the Sajudis movement who strove to independence were not arrested, there were no attempts to cancel the elections to the Supreme Council, regardless of knowing that the Sajudis would win," Girnius said in a comment to delfi.lt news portal earlier this week.
"As a small nation, we should feel sympathy to the Catalonian aspirations with at least a silent call to Madrid to review its policies and seek ways of satisfying the Catalonian aspiration of having a stronger say in its destiny. After once criticizing the West for its cowardliness, we are now following suit. There is no courage or principles," they wrote.
Catalonian officials plan on holding the independence referendum on Sunday.
A week ago, Spanish police confiscated about 10 million ballots, which could have been used during the vote. The police arrested 13 Catalonian governmental officials, thus triggering protests by tens of thousands of people in the regional capital Barcelona. They were later released.
Negotiation is certainly a tricky game, and a lot of it can depend upon the emotions of the negotiating party. In a way, it can be comparable to a good game of poker, you don't really know the hand of the other player, and you just raise your bet depending on what you have, and what you think your “opponent” doesn't have.
Negotiating can be done in almost any area of our life. We can negotiate to get a good price on an item in a garage sale, or we can negotiate to close a million dollar deal. Whatever it is, stocking up in negotiation tips can help you get what you deserve, or even more. Below are five of the most basic (and the most important) negotiation tools you can use for any situation in life.
Top 5 Negotiation Tips
Understand Your Communication Skills
There are three things you need to understand. First, you need to know how your behavior will affect others. Second, know that everyone has their own way of communicating. And third, effective negotiators are those who can change their communication style to the needs of the listener. There are generally four kinds of communicators:
Dominant – These people are good at decision-making and they love being in control of their environment. They are confident but can also appear arrogant and intimidating. Influence – They are similar to the Dominant in getting what they want but they use a less direct method. They can convince and motivate, rather than coerce. Steadiness – These people usually feel that instead of having change, it is better for everyone to just work harder while maintaining the status quo. They are good listeners and consider things before responding. Conscientious – They are introverted and reserved, but they are also task and control focused. When negotiating with these people, statements must be factual and straight to the point. By understanding these communication styles, and your own, you will be able to better deal with different types of people by being able to say the right things at the right time.
Prepare
Many negotiations can fall apart because the negotiating party failed to prepare their case. When negotiating, it is vital to put together your supporting facts and data, while anticipating potential questions that may come out in the course of your conversation. Knowing what questions might be asked will allow you to prepare answers that will steer the negotiations towards your side. Second, you must also be ready with a back up plan. In case your expectations don't happen as you wanted, you must know what else you can offer to save the situation in going to your favor. If a back up plan is not prepared, it may mean having to accept what the other party wants even if it puts you on the losing end.
Say What You Want
Once you have analyzed what type of person you are dealing with, the first step towards beginning negotiation is by saying exactly what you want. If you yourself are unsure about your demand, then the person you are talking to will take the opportunity to fill in what they want without sounding aggressive. To avoid this occurrence, say what you want in an assertive way, and let the other person know that you mean business.
Listen
Negotiating doesn't mean arguing. An effective negotiator will always know how and when to listen to the other party. Allow them to talk because this gives you insight to what they are planning to achieve. Ask open-ended questions so you can get the most information as possible. The knowledge will also give you an edge to better negotiate your position.
Take Your Time
Most of the time, people get impatient with the negotiation process and they lose a half-won battle because they are too quick to talk or immediately agree to term. It is always best to retain your composure and take your time to think over what has been said. Also, if the other party needs some time to think as well, don't rush them. The more thought that is put into the process, the more likely the results will be better and in your favor.
Additional Negotiation Tips
Use Silence
Silence can be a powerful tool. It can get people to offer you a better option without you having to say anything
Be Willing To Walk
Once people see that you are willing to let go of the deal, you might just get a better offer. Before going in, know your limitations and see if you can let go of what you are negotiating for if the terms aren't right.
Negotiation can often turn into a battle of wits, so making sure you are fully equipped will help you achieve your goals. As the saying goes “You don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.”
So, how are your negotiation skills? Do you have any negotiation stories to share?
This post was written by YFS.
It all started with the little crumpled note card 1 year ago. Yea, 1 year! Ethan drew these and gave it to me after school and said, “Mom, you have to make these snack bags for us”. Of course, I was like, “Yes, I most certainly do!! They are awesome!”
But then nothing. As with many great ideas, it was put on the back burner. Mostly because couldn't think of a suitable fabric to make these with. I didn't want any plastic type of material, and regular organic cotton felt too flimsy (which I had made before and didn't last very long and got super dirty and stained). Then I stumbled across beeswax fabric and knew I needed to try this out.
First I made some squares (see underneath the snack baggies) of organic linen and cotton muslin, just to test the process out. The linen felt too thick, but I may try making different (adult version) snack bags with those later. The thinner cotton muslin is great for using as bowl and food covers. I love them! I hope to make more in different sizes and work on using a lot less plastic wrap and baggies.
Once I got the process down, I got to work on creating snack bags with the beeswax fabric. You can see how the fabric looks a bit like old leather. They feel very durable and dry. I am excited to see how they work out with the kids (always the true test).
You can see how to make beeswax fabric food wraps –> HERE <–.
I did it a bit different, only because I really dislike turning the oven on in the summer.
First, heat the beeswax in a glass jar over a double boiler or in a mini hot plate, which is what I used. I got my beeswax from Mountain Rose Herbs. I bought 1 lb over 3 years ago and have used it for a hundred different things and still have 1/2 a bag left.
Then lay the fabric over a piece of foil and brush on a thin layer of beeswax with a natural bristled basting brush (which will now solely be used for beeswax applications). Then I zapped it with a heat gun to even out the beeswax. This worked out really well for me.
For the snack bags, I had to paint on the eyes, hands, feet with fabric paint. Once the paint was dry, I then coated the fabric with beeswax. this took a bit of planning, because I had to fold everything just right to get the correct placement of everything.
Then, I took everything to the sewing machine. The only problem with sewing beeswax fabric, is that the fabric wants to stick a bit and not move through the sewing machine. It's not horrible, you just need to help it through every once in awhile.
I got distracted halfway through and decided to make a Totoro snack baggie. I have a bad feeling they will be arguing over who gets to use that one…sigh… I think I may be needing to make another.
On Friday of last week, and Monday and Tuesday of this week, I presented the following posts:
Further Feedback From Kevin Trenberth And Feedback From Josh Willis On The UCAR Press Release
Comments On Two Papers By Kevin Trenberth On The Global Climate Energy Budget
Is There “Missing” Heat In The Climate System? My Comments On This NCAR Press Release
My son had the post
The Missing Heat
I want to summarize today what are the main conclusions from this exchange of perspectives:
First, when colleagues who differ can interact in a constructive manner, we all benefit by an improved understanding of the science issues and the way forward to resolve remaining uncertainties.
In terms of climate science, a very substantive conclusion from this interchange of perspectives is that we do not need to continue to use the global average surface temperature trend (with its unresolved biases and uncertainties) to diagnose global warming. The trends in the upper ocean heat content, which has been accurately measured since at least 2005, and will for the foreseeable future, should be adopted as the primary metric to monitor global warming.
This second finding does not mean continued analyses of surface temperatures and their anomalies are not needed [they certainly are for length of growing season, heating degree days, etc], but for the specific metric of global warming (and cooling), it is an inadequate metric compared with ocean heat content changes.
We need near-real time plots of the ocean heat content changes over time, such as given in the figure in
Pielke Sr., R.A., 2008: A broader view of the role of humans in the climate system. Physics Today, 61, Vol. 11, 54-55.
Four-year rate of the global upper 700 m of ocean heat changes in Joules at monthly time intervals. One standard error value is also shown. (Figure courtesy of Josh Willis of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory).
It will be illuminating and informative to see how NCDC (Tom Karl), GISS (Jim Hansen), and CRU (Phil Jones) respond to this recognition that it is time to move past the surface temperature trend as the “gold standard” of global warming.
These are challenging times for North Africa's Muslim governments. Even as Islamic State is ousted from its strongholds in Iraq and Syria, the extremist group is continuing its battle against authorities in countries like Morocco, Algeria and Egypt.
Iran's Vice President Masoumeh Ebtekar arrives at the Royal Palace during the UN Climate Change Conference 2016 in Marrakech, Morocco November 15, 2016. Moroccan and Algerian leaders view Iran's Africa policy as a threat to regional security. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
On Oct. 16, the Egyptian military announced that six soldiers and at least 24 IS militants were killed in attacks on military outposts in North Sinai. That same weekend, Moroccan police arrested 11 members of an “extremely dangerous” IS-linked cell and seized chemical products used to make bombs. Algerian forces, meanwhile, have killed at least 71 Islamist fighters so far this year – the most since 2014.
The list of arrests, shootouts and seizure of passports from citizens who want to be foreign fighters goes on. But North African leaders have to navigate a particularly tortuous sectarian path. To avoid the perception that fighting extremism amounts to the persecution of the defenders of the faith, their governments have to be seen to be making visible gestures of Islamic piety – while also cracking down on Shi'ite proselytizing so as to rebut IS claims that authorities are complicit with Iran's “plots and schemes” to carve up the region and spread Shi'ite Islam.
The Islamist PJD party in Morocco warned recently of a “sectarian Shi'ite invasion;” the Grand Mufti of Mauritania called on their country's leaders to resist the “rising Shi'ite tide.” One North African government minister I interviewed denounced “the intrusion of Shi'ism through social media, university dormitories, high schools and even qur'anic schools,” concluding gravely, “I ask myself whether the Persians want to dominate the Arab world.”
After Iraq, Yemen, Syria, Lebanon and Bahrein, is North Africa the next realm of a more assertive Iranian foreign policy? These fears come from Iran's attempt to expand its influence in Algeria, Mauritania, Morocco, Tunisia – and its “backyard:” Senegal, Niger, Guinea and Mali.
Iran's foreign minister toured the region in June, meeting with heads of government in Algeria, Mauritania and Tunisia in search of improved ties. Iran may simply be looking for new economic partnerships to offset current sanctions, but its outreach is enough to make some local powers nervous. Around the same time, Iran launched satellites beaming Arabic-language Shi'ite religious programming into North African homes.
There are thought to be fewer than 20,000 Shi'ites in Algeria, and the government recently mandated the registration of all of them. The Algerian minister of religious affairs has said that Shi'ites have no right to spread their faith in Algeria, “because that causes sedition and other problems.” "Algeria cannot play host to a sectarian war that does not concern it,” they explained in an interview. “Neither Shi'ism, nor Wahhabism nor any of the other sects are the product of Algerians, nor do they come from Algeria. We refuse to be the battleground for two external and foreign ideologies.” Diplomatic relations resist easy categories, however. Algeria is one of only a handful of countries, along with Iran, to maintain good relations with Yemen's Houthi rebels, who are Shi'ite. Algiers was Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif's first stop in North Africa in June.
Given the tiny number of Shi'ites living in North Africa and the tight control over mosques in the region, widespread Shi'ite religious influence on the ground is unrealistic. Whether or not the scale of proselytism justifies the level of concern, Moroccan and Algerian leaders view Iran's Africa policy as a threat to their domestic order and regional security. The prospect of sectarian strife exists for “heterodox” – i.e. non-Sunni – minorities scattered across the region, numbering in the millions who live under mainstream Sunni rule. Some of these groups are offshoots of Shi'ite Islam, but are not necessarily the source of conflict. In Algeria, their mere difference – and the government's toleration of them – sometimes provokes attack from local hardliners.
North Africa's Sunni governments struggle with the reality that two adversaries – Iran and IS – are the net beneficiaries of the invasion of Iraq in 2003 and the crushing of Sunni opposition in Syria in 2017. The decline of Saudi influence after the Sept. 11 attacks and the downfall of Sunni Baathist rule in Iraq enhanced Iran's stature while diminishing Sunni Arab influence in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria – and opening a path for IS.
Officially, there is no Shi'ite minority in Morocco; unofficial estimates put the number at less than 2 percent. Nonetheless, the foreign ministry in Rabat has accused Iran of trying to alter “the kingdom's religious fundamentals.” The bad blood is the legacy of a sour relationship between Ayatollah Khomenei and King Hassan II (the father of current Moroccan King Mohammed VI) in the 1980s. The Ayatollah's claims of Islamic supremacy over all Muslims threatened the Moroccan King's role as “Emir al Mouamine” – leader of the faithful – of scores of millions of followers across Northwest Africa. Hassan chaired the international council of Islamic scholars that declared the Ayatollah to be an apostate – “if they are Muslim, then I'm not” – and openly supported Iraq in its war with Iran.
In turn, Hassan thought they saw an Iranian hand behind their domestic travails. Tehran provided safe haven to the Moroccan armed opposition group Chabiba Islamiya, and Hassan publicly accused Iran of fomenting riots against rising living costs and the violent uprising in the northern Rif region that is home to many Berbers. Street contestation in the Rif region has again put Rabat off balance in 2017 and revived the accusations a generation later.
The contrast with neighboring Tunisia is significant. Tunis has enjoyed unbroken relations with Iran since 1990, including high-level exchanges before and after the January, 2011 revolution that sparked what became known as the Arab Spring. Trade with Iran increased significantly as a result, but hardly registered compared to much more significant trade with the EU, North Africa, China and Turkey. Tunisia prides itself on being an island of sectarian tolerance in a rapidly polarizing region. Senior religious affairs officials proudly state that they represent all religions, including Christians and Jews, although in reality the country has very few non-Sunni Muslims. After the January 15 revolution, Tunisia signed the United Nations Convention on Human Rights and helped protect religious freedom in Article 6 of its new constitution.
Saudi Arabia has maintained its natural advantage, however. A month after the Iranian foreign minister left Tunis, a Saudi government delegation arrived, including 53 business people. They signed agreements with the government worth $200 million in development projects, including several hospitals and the renovations of a historic mosque in Kairouan.
But not all countries in North Africa feel they have that freedom when they perceive a two-front ideological battle against IS and Iran. In response to the State Department's admonishments on religious freedoms in Algeria, the Algerian Minister said: “If they want to accuse us of defending Islam and our historic traditions, then let them.”
The defeat of IS in Raqqa has bought time for North African governments to consolidate their religious communities. But that same defeat also removes an obstacle to Iranian influence – not unlike the fall of Baghdad almost 15 years ago. Don't expect the competition for leadership from the Persian Gulf to be resolved anytime soon.
By By Sherri Reese Nov 20, 2008 in Politics Michigan Congressman Knollenberg appeared on Fox News with Neil Cavuto yesterday to discuss the possible bailout of the Big 3 American automakers. "It is not your money," said Knollenberg. Knollenberg went on to blame a credit freeze as the reason for the Big 3's financial crisis. Knollenberg claims that making credit more available would resolve this issue, but a $25 billion dollar bailout would keep the companies alive until the credit freeze ended. In September, Congress passed a bill to loan $25 billion to the Big 3 with the checks scheduled to start flowing in 2009. The Big 3 has argued that this is not a "bailout," but a good investment. They also claim that they are in such dire straits that they will not make it to the end of 2008. According to During the interview with the Republican from Michigan, Cavuto gave a list of industries that could come to Congress making the case for them to receive government help. "Where do you draw the line with our money?""It is not your money," said Knollenberg.Knollenberg went on to blame a credit freeze as the reason for the Big 3's financial crisis. Knollenberg claims that making credit more available would resolve this issue, but a $25 billion dollar bailout would keep the companies alive until the credit freeze ended.In September, Congress passed a bill to loan $25 billion to the Big 3 with the checks scheduled to start flowing in 2009. The Big 3 has argued that this is not a "bailout," but a good investment. They also claim that they are in such dire straits that they will not make it to the end of 2008.According to Detroit News , Obama may favor appointment of an auto czar to oversee the government's efforts to funnel emergency assistance to automakers. Many in Congress have stated that the automakers might get the help they need if they manufacture vehicles more friendly to the environment, give government preferred stock in their companies, and put government officials on their boards. More about Knollenberg, Bailout, Taxes More news from knollenberg bailout taxes
Evolutionists have it easy. Sure, maybe half of the US disbelieves this solid scientific theory, which has zillions of weird implications many of which have been proven true and would be ridiculous things to explicitly design.
But I bet "half" pales in comparison to the number of people who believe in what I shall henceforth call "Economic Creationism": anything that contradicts old, well-established economic truths. Examples of Economic Creationism include the Broken Window Fallacy, confusing money and wealth[1], and protectionism (disproven by Ricardo's theory of comparative advantage). Often these fallacies come into play when thinking that a government intervention will somehow "Create" value out of nowhere.
These evolutionists think they know what it's like to have to deal with people holdin up crazy theories they disproved a hunnerd years ago? Look, while regular 'ol Creationism is uncool in most intellectual circles, Economic Creationism can be found in the hallowed pages of the New York Times. If done in an appropriately Bush or corporate-bashing way, it gets you respect - even though it's pure bullshit.
And evolutionists complain just because some wacky state like Kansas will occasionally try to legislate Creationism? Folks, almost every law in every state in the entire country is based on legislating Economic Creationism! There ain't hardly nothing else ever legislated!
Shit. Like I said, the evolutionists got it easy.
[1] Sadly, an example can be found in the wikipedia entry I just linked to for the BWF, where it says: "Another interpretation is that (in a more modern society) the money wouldn't go to the baker or the cobbler, if the shopkeeper was doing well enough for that money to go into a vault that wouldn't be used for a long time." The idea that removing money from the economy removes value from it is a classic confusion of the two. If all money disappeared, we'd still have all our stuff (which gives value), we'd just have to take a little time to reinvent money so we could easily trade stuff again.
A group of Filipino women set to work as housekeepers in Japanese homes arrived in Japan on March 9, the first batch to arrive after restrictions on housekeeping services provided by foreign workers were lifted in "national strategic special zones."
"I love my job and am passionate about it. I'm also looking forward to living in Japan. It's clean and safe," said a 42-year-old Filipina in Japanese, one of the 25 new arrivals employed by staffing agency giant Pasona Inc. They went through a two-and-a-half-month training program in the Philippines before coming to Japan, at a facility made to look like a Japanese house where they learned Japanese and Japanese home-cooked dishes such as miso soup. They will begin working in Kanagawa Prefecture in late March, after completing another two-week training stint.
Foreign housekeepers were approved under the revised National Strategic Special Zones Act in 2015 to reduce the burden of household chores usually borne by women, and to promote Japanese women's engagement in economic activity. Restrictions were lifted first in Tokyo, Kanagawa Prefecture and the city of Osaka, and six agencies including Duskin Co. and Bears Co. have been given permission to operate foreign housekeeper services.
The service operators are required to prepare housing for the foreign workers, as live-in housekeepers are not allowed. Pasona has rented five shared-house buildings as employee dorms in Yokohama.
Due to concerns over potential violations of the housekeepers' human rights -- as they work behind closed doors -- Pasona has created a guidebook for the foreign workers on life in Japan. The book includes contact information for public organizations where they can consult with professionals if they encounter any problems.
Pasona's Makiko Sawafuji says the company is taking extra care of its foreign workers, so that they will feel they have made the right decision by coming to work in Japan.
Pasona has already launched housekeeping services provided by 10 Filipinas already residing in Japan. The fees are about 2,500 yen per hour, and the service's main customers are households in which both partners, who are in their 30s and 40s, work. The business has been so popular that there is a waiting list of families looking to hire a housekeeper. The agency plans to hire about 1,000 Filipinos in the next three years.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A former Donald Trump supporter is not happy with the nominee for waving a rainbow flag.
The Republican Presidential nominee briefly waved an upside-down ‘LGBT for Trump' Pride flag at a rally today in Colorado.
Though Trump did not speak about the flag-waving or affirm any support for LGBT rights, their comments have upset former Trump supporter and militant Christian activist Theodore Shoebat.
Mr Shoebat fumed about Trump “bowing down to the sodomite agenda” in a clip snipped by RightWingWatch.
They fumed: “In an ideal society, anyone who supports homosexuality would be put to death.
“Bastards like [gay Republican] Peter Thiel over here would be hung or burned at the stake, and rightfully so.
“Guys like Donald Trump—I'm sorry, holding up that faggot flag, it's unforgivable to me, it's unforgivable—and in an ideal society, people like Mr Trump would also be put to death as well, and rightfully so.”
In recent weeks, Trump has come under fire over their shifting stances on LGBT rights.
In a bid to attract support from evangelicals, Trump confirmed they would “consider” appointing ultra-conservative Supreme Court justices to repeal equal marriage, come out in favour of North Carolina's anti-trans law, and confirmed they would sign a Republican-backed bill to directly permit religious homophobic discrimination – while their running mate Mike Pence has confirmed they would dismantle Barack Obama's protections for LGBT people.
During the third Presidential debate they reaffirmed plans to appoint right-wing Supreme Court justices.
Last month Trump confirmed they would sign the so-called First Amendment Defence Act, which bans the government from taking any “action against a person, wholly or partially on the basis that such person believes or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that marriage is or should be recognised as the union of one man and one woman, or that sexual relations are properly reserved to such a marriage.”
The broadly written law would effectively legalise all discrimination against LGBT people in all sectors – from employment to retail to healthcare – as long as the person discriminating claims it was due to their religion.
The shocking move would require the repeal of Barack Obama's landmark LGBT discrimination protections, which Trump's VP Mike Pence also confirmed would be axed.
In an interview earlier this month, Pence confirmed that the Republicans would roll back Obama's orders so that “the transgender bathroom issue can be resolved with common sense at the local level”.
They said: “This is such an example of an administration that seems to have… there's no area of our lives too small for them to want to regulate, no aspect of our constitution too large for them to ignore.
“Donald Trump and I both believe these questions can be resolved with common sense at the local level.
“These issues are resolved in the state of Indiana whenever they come up, and they should be resolved, for the safety and wellbeing of our children first and foremost, their privacy and rights, and with common sense. Donald Trump and I simply believe all of these issues are best resolved at the state level, by communities.”
They added: “Washington has no business intruding on the operation of our local schools. It's just one more example of the heavy hand of this administration, and Donald Trump and I will stand by that common-sense people that when it comes to our kids, and the operation of our schools, those decisions should be made at the local level.
“Washington DC has no business imposing its bill and its values on communities around the nation.”
Speaking about anti-discrimination laws, Pence said: “No-one should fear persecution because of their deeply-held religious beliefs.
“I'm a Christian, a conservative and a Republican, in that order. The Trump-Pence administration will be dedicated to preserving the liberties of our people, including the freedom of religion that's enshrined in our Bill of Rights.”
Pence has one of the worst records on LGBT rights of any candidate on a major party's Presidential ticket in recent times.
A hardline evangelical, the Governor of Indiana stirred up international outrage last year when they signed Indiana's controversial ‘Religious Freedom Restoration Act', which gave businesses the right to discriminate against gay people on the grounds of religion.
Governor Pence previously suggested that HIV prevention funding be drained in order to fund state-sponsored ‘gay cure' therapy, and earlier this year appeared unable to answer when asked whether it should be legal to fire people because of their sexuality.
An investigation last month found that Pence approved extreme anti-LGBT articles when they were the head of the Indiana Policy Review journal in the 1990s.
In an item published under their editorial tenure in the December 1993 issue, Pence's journal criticised The Wall Street Journal for taking part in a job fair for gay journalists – suggesting that “gaydom” was a “pathological condition”, and arguing that gay journalists would be biased in their coverage because of their sexuality.
It claimed: “The more extreme of the gay movement consider themselves members of a sexual determined political party.”
Another edition published in 1993 attacked Bill Clinton for reforms to permit closeted gay people to serve in the army.
It claimed: “Homosexuals are not as a group able bodied. They are known to carry extremely high rates of disease brought on because of the nature of their sexual practices and the promiscuity which is a hallmark of their lifestyle.”
By Melissa Antoinette Garza
They Live has grown from a little known gem to a cult classic with mainstream acceptance over the years. At the very least, it is a great movie with one of the best fight scenes ever and even better action lines. At most, it's a prophetic and very relevant analysis of our government and the corporations that sell the merchandise we consume.
I'll provide a summary for this film though I hardly believe one is necessary. Nada (The Hot Rod Rowdy Piper) is an unemployed drifter looking for work. They go to an agency that can't help him. Finally, they find a small job at a construction site. Piper is perfect in this role and is at their best!
Nearby a church, there's a large group of people living outside in tents. Nada joins them. One of the drifters (Buck Walters) gets angry at the TV when a man interrupts the satellite and warns of a dangerous elite who are attempting to take over the world and keep the people asleep. Think Illuminati and the New World Order.
MORE http://www.scaredstiffreviews.com/?p=5396
This is a list of National Football League (NFL) players who have reached the 100-sack milestone.
The NFL began to keep track of sacks in 1982. Sacks before this date are not included in this list.
List of NFL players with 100 career sacks [ edit ]
Bold denotes an
active player Elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame
Unofficial sacks [ edit ]
In 2000, Jack Turney, a member of the Pro Football Researchers Association, and Nick Webster conducted extensive research to create a more complete record of sacks in the NFL. After examining the play-by-play records of every NFL team as well as game film at NFL films they compiled a list of players with 100 sacks beginning in 1960. By including the unofficial sack/dump records from 1960 to 1981, the following players also qualify as members of the 100-Sack Club.[36]
Medical groups on Monday called for restrictions on firearms following the mass shooting in Las Vegas that killed at least 58 people and wounded 515 others.
"This terrible tragedy is another reminder that we still need to address the role of gun violence in our country," Dr. Georges Benjamin, executive director of the American Public Health Association. "Individuals everywhere deserve laws that protect them from random acts of violence like this one."
Various medical groups for years have tried to tackle gun violence, which includes injuries, suicides and homicides, through approaches they say are similar to those used in public health campaigns such as those aimed at smoking or car crashes. Gun rights groups, however, see the position as a thinly veiled attempt to restrict gun ownership or to provide new grounds for seizing firearms.
The American Medical Association, the nation's largest doctor group, on Monday renewed its call for background checks and wait periods for gun ownership. The group first adopted a policy in 2016 calling gun violence a public health issue, shortly after the mass shootings at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando.
"Gun violence is a public health crisis, evident by the senseless loss of life and injury in Las Vegas," the group tweeted. "Thank you, brave first responders. Once again, tragedy reminds us: Action is needed to address this crisis of gun violence."
The American College of Physicians, which has labeled gun violence a public health issue for more than 20 years, specifically called for legislation that would ban the sale and ownership of automatic and semiautomatic weapons.
The American Academy of Pediatrics didn't specify which restrictions it supported in regard to gun rights, but noted that laws dictating gun ownership vary by state. In Nevada, for instance, firearms owners are not required to have licenses or register their weapons, or to pass a waiting period before buying a firearm, and there is no limit on the number of firearms a person can own.
"The American Academy of Pediatrics advocates for strong state and federal gun laws that protect children in every state of the nation. Despite the fact that these types of events have become all too common in our daily lives, we must not grow complacent in our reaction to them, and instead renew our resolve to stop them from occurring again and again," the group's CEO and executive vice president, Dr. Karen Remley, and its president, Dr. Fernando Stein, said in a joint statement.
Law enforcement identified 64-year-old Stephen Craig Paddock, of Mesquite, Nev., as the man who rained gunfire on the Route 91 Harvest country music festival from their hotel room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel at about 10:08 p.m. Sunday. Witnesses have said the shooting lasted between 10 and 20 minutes, and police say Paddock killed themselves before they reached him.
Law enforcement has not reported how the gunman obtained their weapons or what type they used. More than a dozen guns were found in Paddock's room, Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said at a news conference Monday.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Monday called on House Speaker Paul Ryan to create a special commission to examine gun violence and write legislation to combat the problem. The White House appeared to leave the door open to bipartisan consensus on addressing the issue, but spokesperson Sarah Sanders said Monday that discussing gun control was premature.
Threadflip, an online consignment marketplace for women's clothing, is no more than of Wednesday at midnight. An email sent to users explains that the startup, founded in 2011, will shut down operations and roll into clothing rental startup, Le Tote.
With Threadflip, users were able to take photos of their items and list them for sale via its app. The company covered shipping costs but took commission from the sales.
The San Francisco-based startup says it had over 1.5 million members, but that wasn't enough to keep its business flowing. Co-founders Manik Singh and Jeff Shiau sent a note to users on Tuesday, updating them on the status of Threadflip:
“We have decided to cease operations at Threadflip and join fashion forces and partner with our friends at Le Tote. Through this partnership with Le Tote, our community can now have access to an exciting and exceptional fashion experience. …As of January 14, 2016, Threadflip will be officially closing operations, including all buying and selling activity.”
The note added that Threadflip users will be able to get a 60 percent discount off their first month of Le Tote, using the coupon code, THREADFLIP. Le Tote, which markets itself as the “Netflix for fashion,” loans its members a handful of garments and accessories each month.
“We're both attacking the used clothing market in a different way,” said Brett Northart, president of Le Tote. “There was a ton of overlap — the technology and the operations were eerily similar.” The terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Threadflip has faced a lot of competition from similar sites vying for consumer attention – including Vinted, Depop, Yerdle, Tradesy, Poshmark and others, leading to a saturated market in the re-commerce space. Threadflip attempted to set itself apart with a “white glove” service allowing customers to ship their old clothes and sell them on the site.
However, the much larger eBay soon introduced a similar service, which bit into Threadflip's offerings. Sites such as Twice and now Threadflip, haven't fared well for that reason.
TheRealReal seems to be standing out as a winner among these sites, with a sizable $83 million in the bank. However, it targets a more niche luxury consignment market that helps differentiate itself from the rest of the pack.
Threadflip raised over $20 million in venture capital from notable investors including Norwest Venture Partners, Shasta Ventures and Lowercase Capital. Its most recent funding was a $13 million Series B in the summer of 2014.
“It's a competitive space,” added Northart. “It's tough operationally and you have to fill both sides of the marketplace.”
If the A-League is only as strong as its weakest link, then Wellington Phoenix are on notice. On an otherwise bumper opening weekend of the season, the familiar sight of rows of empty seats at the "Cake Tin" for Sunday's match against Perth Glory was a stark reminder of the challenges that lie ahead. Whether Wellington survives past 2016, when their license runs out, is no guarantee.
As expansion moves up the agenda, and bidders from multiple Australian cities begin to jockey for attention, the inclusion of a New Zealand team in what is ostensibly an Australian competition is coming, once again, under laser-like scrutiny.
Phoenix leave fans disappointed: Albert Riera of the Phoenix heads the ball while Youssouf Hersi of the Glory looks on during the round one of the A-League. Credit:Hagen Hoppkins
That every club bar Wellington has recently been given a 20-year license underlines the obvious. Football Federation Australia is continuing to hedge its bets on the Phoenix, and if there's enough substance from Australian-based bids when the league is expanded in 2017, then the Kiwis will be in the gun.
Ideally, there should always be a New Zealand team in the competition. Given that Auckland is by far the biggest population centre in Australasia outside the A-League, there's even a case for having two Kiwi sides - eventually. But that pre-supposes the case being presented by the Phoenix is compelling enough to sustain even one. Right now that's debatable, and the owners have two years to get it right.
We know that the most important company in tech has been growing its office in the Boston area as it continues to build a speech-recognition engineering team on MIT's doorstep.
Now, we have a few more numbers to fill in the blanks. Documents filed with the local government show that Apple has leased about 11,500 square feet of office space on the 13th floor of One Broadway, an office tower owned by MIT that sits at the edge of the famed university's campus in Cambridge, MA.
If you allow about 175 square feet of space per employee, which is one typical commercial real estate estimate, that would leave room for about 65 employees. That means Apple's outpost in the Boston area is still dwarfed by the presences of other tech titans like Microsoft and Google, each of which have 800 or more employees in the same neighborhood.
(In fact, Apple's office is on one of the floors that Google originally occupied as it poured more money into a branch office here several years ago.)
Twitter, Facebook, and Amazon also have offices in the area. And in an era where tech companies are busily throwing big salaries and generous perks at talented engineers, it makes sense that Apple would want to be in the competition for any MIT-trained techies—or employees from other tech companies—who make the Boston area home.
It's also no mistake that Apple's office here is stocked with notable names from the speech-recognition field.
Speech-tech company Nuance, which is commonly known for products like the Dragon speech-recognition software, has partnered with Apple on Siri, the company's virtual smartphone assistant. But Apple also has a history of taking important technology in-house, rather than relying on outside providers, and its speech team in Boston was built with a foundation of Nuance veterans, as I reported previously.
The Boston region is relatively rich with speech-tech talent, whether at MIT, Nuance, or a number of other companies. LinkedIn listings show that veterans of AT&T Research and BBN Technologies, for example, have joined Apple's speech team in Cambridge.
Apple did not return an e-mail seeking comment on the Boston-area office.
The fact that Apple has been growing its team here was previously reported by The Boston Globe, based on interviews with unnamed commercial real-estate sources. Apple's filing with local officials, signed by corporate real estate manager Dana Pesce, adds a bit more detail to what we know about a still-secretive outpost.
We'll keep an eye out to see if Apple rolls out the red carpet for any sort of event marking its growth in the Boston area, like its neighbor Facebook did on the one-year anniversary of its own formerly hush-hush office here.
Here's a copy of that Apple lease document:
Trending on Xconomy
Dish Streaming Service to Be $30, Charge More For Broadcast TV According to the Wall Street Journal (also see this non-paywalled Reuters report), Dish's upcoming Internet video subscription service won't come with traditional broadcast channels. Earlier rumors had already suggested that the base service would cost subscribers $20 to $30 per month, with broadcast channels requiring an additional fee. The Journal supports that story (and the $30 per month price tag), though that plan may not get far since ABC's the only company to strike a deal with Dish so far. The Journal notes that broadcasters aren't happy that their content is being relegated to a second tier: quote: Dish's proposal is meeting with resistance from broadcasters. TV channels generally want to be carried in the most widely available package. Broadcasters such as Fox and CBS have been touting the revenue from pay-TV carriage fees as a major growth driver for their businesses. That subscription money is becoming especially important in a soft ad market. Of course these are the same broadcast companies charging an arm and a leg for content via retransmission fees (while holding tight to licensing rights), so the fact Dish's plans turn the traditional model on its head should surprise no one. The Journal notes that broadcasters aren't happy that their content is being relegated to a second tier:Of course these are the same broadcast companies charging an arm and a leg for content via retransmission fees (while holding tight to licensing rights), so the fact Dish's plans turn the traditional model on its head should surprise no one.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 33 comments
tpkatl
join:2009-11-16
Dacula, GA 3 recommendations tpkatl Member Not including the money-grubbing traditional networks is GOOD It might make me sign up for the streaming service.
I have no sympathy for the networks. If they acted like adults, instead of petulant children, I might feel something for their plight.
But too bad NBC and CBS, this is what greed gets you.
(Image: Massimo Brega, The Lighthouse/Science Photo Library)
SOFTWARE used to keep bugs out of Microsoft Windows programs has begun shedding light on one of the big questions in modern science: how stem cells decide what type of tissue to become.
Not only do the results reveal that cellular decision-making is nowhere near as complicated as expected, they also raise hopes that the software could become a key tool in regenerative medicine.
“It is a sign of the convergence between carbon and silicon-based life,” says Chris Mason, a regenerative medicine specialist at University College London. “World-class stem cell scientists and a world-class computer company have found common ground. It is work at such interfaces that brings the big breakthroughs.”
Advertisement
It's a convergence between silicon and carbon-based life. Big breakthroughs happen at such interfaces
Stem cells are the putty from which all tissues of the body are made. That means they have the potential to repair damaged tissue and even grow into new organs.
Embryonic stem cells hold particular promise as they can either renew themselves indefinitely or differentiate into any kind of cell in the body – a property known as pluripotency.
The process that sets a stem cell on the path to either self-renewal or differentiation was thought to be a highly complex web of genetic and environmental interactions. That web is known as the interactome.
Embryonic stem cells are currently being trialled as a way to restore vision and treat spinal injury. But these trials, and others in the pipeline, are hampered by the fact that no one really knows what determines the fate of any particular stem cell. Today's techniques for making a stem cell differentiate into a certain tissue are hit-and-miss, says Mason.
What's needed is a more deterministic, reliable method, says Sara-Jane Dunn, a computational biologist at Microsoft Research in Cambridge. One approach is to frame the problem in the language of computation. The genetic and environmental cues that determine the cell's fate can be thought of as inputs, with the cell itself as the processor, Dunn says.
Stem cells' capacity to renew themselves is the simplest of the two possible paths out of the pluripotent state. To find the program behind this, Dunn, along with stem cell scientists Graziano Martello at the University of Padua in Italy, and Austin Smith at the University of Cambridge, tried to isolate the genetic and environmental processes at work in mouse embryonic stem cells.
They used a technique pioneered at Smith's lab that uses cultures of various inhibitory proteins to keep embryonic stem cells continually renewing themselves rather than differentiating into other cells. The team immersed the stem cells in four different types of these cultures and analysed which genes they expressed in which environment, and to what extent.
Next, to uncover the program that kept the cells in the unspecialised state, they turned to a mathematical technique called formal verification. Originally developed to detect and remove errors in software that keeps aircraft aloft and nuclear power plants safe, the technique is now widely used to eliminate bugs in commercial software, such as Microsoft's Windows packages.
Formal verification examines the algorithms in a piece of software to check that the output will always be what the programmer intended. But it can also work back from the output to infer the nature of the algorithm creating it – just what Dunn's team required.
The team rewrote the Microsoft formal verification program, then fed genetic and chemical data from the different stem cell cultures into it – with some surprising results. There appears to be no highly complicated interactome behind self-renewal. Instead, the stem cells' program involved just 16 interactions between 12 proteins, called transcription factors, and three environmental inputs, in this case provided by chemicals in the lab. The relative simplicity of the process means biologists have a much greater chance of reliably influencing stem cell fate.
The researchers also found they could use the software – called the Reasoning Engine for Interaction Networks (RE:IN) – to predict with about 70 per cent accuracy how the cells would respond to genetic changes. For instance, they were able to predict whether the cell would remain pluripotent after knocking out one gene, or two (Science, doi.org/s5f).
The next step is to work out the underlying biological processes behind stem cell differentiation. Smith and Martello plan to encourage mouse embryonic stem cells to turn into neurons, using Microsoft's formal analysis tools as a guide. They will also use it to study cell reprogramming, in which an adult cell is converted back into its pluripotent state.
“It's remarkable. I have never seen anything like it,” says Mason. If this technique reveals the molecular program behind differentiation, it might enable us to do it in the lab more robustly, they say.
Simon Tomlinson from the Institute for Stem Cell Research in Edinburgh, UK, agrees that this is a big step forward. “It signals a future where many discoveries in this area are driven by predictive model building.”
The real test will be in repeating the results with human embryonic stem cells, says Robert Lanza at Advanced Cell Technology in Marlborough, Massachusetts, who is involved with the vision trial. “It's usefulness will have to be determined over time.”
Clarification, 13 June 2014: We have made more explicit the relationship between the RE:IN software and the Microsoft software on which it was based.
Biology laid bare Probing the secrets of stem cell programming (see main story) is just one of the challenges Microsoft's formal verification software can take on. It will also be used to analyse gene signalling networks in cress, fruit flies and sea urchins. Other powerful computers and techniques are taking aim at biological problems too: supercomputers are being wielded in a genomic fight against cancer. IBM's Watson, the supercomputer that famously won the TV quiz Jeopardy! in 2011, is analysing gene sequences from the most aggressive types of brain tumours. Working with the New York Genome Center, IBM hopes Watson will show which therapies work best on tumours with different genomic profiles. Another way to glean information from the genome is to check how it is folded – a perfect job for 3D analysis by a computer. This matters when diagnosing leukaemia, where overexpression of genes makes the cell's genome change shape. Researchers at McGill University in Montreal, Canada, used this approach to diagnose leukaemia type with 93 per cent accuracy. The aptness of computers decoding such puzzles will not be lost on historians: after inventing the digital computer, the British mathematician Alan Turing's next obsession was morphogenesis – how organisms develop their shapes.
This article appeared in print under the headline “Anti-bug software foretells cell fate”
Millennial women are worse off than those of the Baby Boomer generation in terms of economic equality, health, and overall wellbeing, according to a new report by the Population Reference Bureau.
By comparing 14 indicators of socioeconomic progress and well-being, PRB researchers found that Millennial and Generation X women are often subjected to higher poverty rates, are more likely to die from suicide or an overdose, and have higher incarceration rates, among other things. Millennial and Generation X women are also less likely to work in high-paying STEM—science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—fields, researchers found. These findings are drastically different from the women of the Baby Boomer generation, who saw rapid progress in those same areas when compared to the generation before them, according to the study.
Some of its findings:
—There's been a 37% rise in the poverty rate among Millennial and Generation X women.
—1 in 4 workers in high-paying STEM fields were women in Generation X, but only 1 in 5 were Millennial women.
—The suicide rate for young women in the Millennial generation has gone up. According to the study, the rate has increased for Millennials to 6.3 per 100,000. That's compared to 4.4 per 100,000 in Generation X.
—Between the World War II (also known as “The Greatest Generation”) and Millennial generations, women's incarceration rates have increased 10-fold, researchers found.
So why the stalled or reversed progress for women of younger generations? Researchers blame “social and structural barriers.” For example: The study found that Millennial and Generation X women face higher rates of maternal mortality than their Baby Boomer counterparts.
That's partly because abortion policies were liberalized in the 1970s, causing maternal mortality rates fall dramatically. But in recent years, according to the study, “the maternal mortality rate rose as federal and state policies began restricting access to reproductive health services. In addition, improvements in fetal and infant care, designed to reduce infant mortality and improve child health, have not been paralleled by—and have sometimes come at the expense of—care for women in the postpartum period.”
The news isn't all bad. Researchers concluded that Millennial women are more likely to earn a bachelor's degree than previous generations, and teen birth rates are at an historic low. In terms of earnings and business ownership, the gender gap has narrowed from one generation to the next. More women are also participating in Congress. According to the study, the share of female legislators has increased from generation to generation. Female homicide rates are also on the decline, according to the study.
Still, in the overall index, the positives trends didn't outweigh the negatives ones, the study notes.
“While some measures are improving, overall the index paints a picture of lost momentum,” said Beth Jarosz, an author of the study, in a statement. “Too many women lack the resources and supportive environments they need to live healthier lives and achieve their full potential.”
'Brides for a Cause' giving back to military brides Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved For the next 2 weeks, Brides for a Cause is offering military brides a free wedding dress. (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
Jenny Hansson and KOIN 6 News Staff - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) -- Veteran's Day is Saturday and one local business is giving back by offering military brides a free wedding dress.
Brides for a Cause shop on Southeast 11th Avenue has just about every type of wedding gown -- from brand new to only worn once. The non-profit sells the dresses at majorly discounted prices.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Founder of Brides for a Cause Erin Scharf. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Founder of Brides for a Cause Erin Scharf. (KOIN)
Founder Erin Scharf said, "I think a lot of people donate it because they want it to get used again. On flip side, brides are looking for a dress, weddings get expensive. A lot of people don't mind a once worn dress."
Starting Monday, the bridal shop hopes to give dresses away for free to a special group of women -- first responders, women in the military or women with a fiance in the military who've had a deployment within the last 5 years.
"We get military brides coming in and a lot of times, they're getting married in a week or in a month, so it's nice it is off the rack and if someone finds out they're getting deployed, they can come in, find a dress and they're done," Scharf said.
Military brides have the next 2 weeks to search for their dream dress at Brides for a Cause. If they don't find something they like at first, they can come back as the bridal shop is constantly getting shipments from retailers across the country.
Both retailers and recent brides donate dresses to the local shop.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The bridal shop is constantly getting new dresses from across the country. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The bridal shop is constantly getting new dresses from across the country. (KOIN)
This is the 4th time Brides for a Cause has done this in connection with Brides Across America, and they want to see as many of these dresses go as possible.
"We definitely want to give away as many as we can, so spread the word if you know someone who's in the military or know someone," Scharf said. "We've donated about 40, so not a whole lot, so 10-15 each time we do it."
While the bridal shop is giving away free dresses for the next 2 weeks, military brides receive a 20% discount at Brides for a Cause all year long.
From artificial sweeteners to deodorant, there's a lot of speculation on what causes cancer. But a new study says it's actually the combination of seemingly harmless products that you need to be worried about, rather than individual items.
Theresearch– conducted by a task force of 174 leading scientists in 28 countries and published in the journal Carcinogenesis – found that chemicals deemed safe to humans could be blending together to create a lethal combination in the body, leading to cancer.
Scientists make living cells levitate in possible cancer detection breakthrough http://t.co/VSuw26H97Lpic.twitter.com/8d9KBheGzg — RT (@RT_com) July 1, 2015
The scientists investigated 85 prototypic chemicals that are not considered to be carcinogenic to humans. They examined their effects against a list of mechanisms linked to the development of cancer.
Fifty of those chemicals turned out to be able to cause cancer, impacting key cancer-related mechanisms - even when low-level exposure to individual chemicals may not cause any harm.
READ MORE: Scientists make living cells levitate in possible cancer detection breakthrough
Those chemicals are “common and unavoidable,” as they are found in everyday items around the house – including cosmetics, textiles, food, and paints.
The named substances include titanium dioxide nanoparticles, found in sunscreen and food coloring; acrylamide, found in fried potatoes, triclosan, found in anti-bacterial handwash; and phthalates, found in plastics. Copper, mercury, and lead were also named.
“This research backs up the idea that chemicals not considered harmful by themselves are combining and accumulating in our bodies to trigger cancer,” said contributing scientist Dr. Hemad Yasaei, a cancer biologist at Brunel University in London.
'Groundbreaking' cure for deadly asbestos-related cancer could be near http://t.co/p9pgguFgN5pic.twitter.com/CACEqeADom — RT (@RT_com) June 15, 2015
Previous cancer research has only tested individual substances on their own – a method that lead author William Goodson III, a senior scientist at the California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco, says is “quite out of date.”
"Since so many chemicals that are unavoidable in the environment can produce low-dose effects that are directly related to carcinogenesis, the way we've been testing chemicals, one at a time, is really quite out of date," Goodson said in a statement.
“Every day we are exposed to an environmental ‘chemical soup', so we need testing that evaluates the effects of our ongoing exposure to these chemical mixtures,” they added.
The task force has called for increased emphasis and support for research on low-dose exposures to environmental chemicals.
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), part of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the cancer-causing potential of more than 900 potential carcinogens over the past 30 years.
It has classified them into five different categories – “carcinogenic to humans,” “possibly carcinogenic to humans,” “probably carcinogenic to humans,” “unclassifiable,” and “probably not carcinogenic.” A little over 100 have been deemed “carcinogenic to humans.”
CCSettings, one of most popular tweak for Control Center, has now been updated to support iOS 8 devices. The tweak which is now available as a separate package on Cydia provides a larger collection of settings toggles in Control Center rather than the stock toggles such as Airplane mode, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and more.
The new toggles that CCSettings provides for iOS 8 Control Center range from Cellular Data, Location Services, Personal Hotspot and VPN to virtual home and lock buttons. These can be accessed from Control Center by swiping the toggles section from left to right and vice versa. You can enable or disable each of these toggles along with the stock buttons as well as arrange them in the right manner from the preference pane of the tweak in the Settings menu.
Indeed, CCSettings was one of my favorite tweaks on iOS 7 and will still continue to receive my appreciation on iOS 8. The tweak definitely saves time by providing quick access to settings from anywhere within iOS.
If you're an old user of CCSettings or haven't tried it out yet, I'll definitely recommend that you go ahead and check it out. CCSettings for iOS 8 is now available on Cydia's BigBoss repository for free.
What do you think about CCSettings for iOS 8? Do you prefer this tweak over CCToggles? Let us know in the comments section below.
Eden Hazard (right) scored their fourth goal in four games
Christian Benteke's late header cancelled out Eden Hazard's brilliant solo goal as Liverpool kept alive their slim hopes of a top-six league finish.
Chelsea winger Hazard fired a low shot into the corner after a dazzling run to record their fourth goal in four games.
But substitute Benteke earned the Reds a point in added time when they pounced after an error from Asmir Begovic.
Liverpool remains eighth and are within three points of sixth-placed West Ham with a game left.
Relive the action from Anfield
Reaction from Wednesday's Premier League matches, as Newcastle & Norwich are relegated
Jurgen Klopp's side, who play West Brom on the final day, have another chance to secure European football next season when they play Sevilla in the Europa League final on 18 May, with a Champions League spot awarded to the winner.
Chelsea remains ninth.
Hazard back to their brilliant best
Eden Hazard found the target with 60 of their 63 passes, despite playing 45 of them in the opposition half
In a game that was often short on quality in the final third, Hazard was the outstanding performer.
The Belgium international has endured a difficult season after being named Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year last season, suffering with injuries and loss of form as defending champions Chelsea slid down the table.
But after failing to score in the Premier League until April, the 25-year-old now has four in their last four games - and here they were back to their very best.
Showing mesmeric balance and close control on the ball, Hazard had 96 touches - more than anyone else on the pitch - and found a team-mate with 95.2% of theirs passes.
Their upturn in form has come too late to save Chelsea's season - or the job of former manager Jose Mourinho - but Hazard's performance suggests they could peak for the European Championship, where, in the absence of Vincent Kompany, they will captain Belgium.
Benteke preserves Liverpool momentum
Christian Benteke has now found the net twice this month, having scored only twice in the rest of 2016
Klopp's side are on a roll at Anfield, having gone 12 unbeaten at home and easily swatted aside Villarreal and Watford in their past two matches.
Having restored many first-team regulars to the team after fielding a largely second-string side against the Hornets, Liverpool faded after a bright start and could have been further behind had Bertrand Traore not curled wide after rounding Simon Mignolet.
But they improved after the break, increasing their share of possession from 52% to 58%, and Daniel Sturridge and Kolo Toure missed glorious chances before Benteke's late intervention.
Fellow substitute Sheyi Ojo swung over a searching cross from the left and Begovic could only palm it into the path of the Belgium striker.
Klopp downplayed the result's importance, but this was a point that will maintain the feelgood factor at Anfield under the charismatic German before their second final of the season.
Man of the match - Eden Hazard
Majestic in possession, the Belgian reminded everyone why they were Player of the Year 12 months ago
What they said
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp: "The result tonight was not important, what's important is that we take the right information out of the game.
"We started very well, and when we play like that with our compact defending we can be good. In a game like this, the crowd force you to attack. We have to develop a lot.
"I like it here. It's a nice place and a world-class club."
Media playback is not supported on this device Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea: Good decision to join Liverpool - Jurgen Klopp
Chelsea manager Guus Hiddink: "The team reacted very well. We played all game for the win and got an unlucky present in the last minute. We should have killed it off and I'm disappointed not to have the three points.
"Hazard was terrific and has been growing in fitness for some weeks. It's good to see. They had to suffer a lot with injuries this year but I'm very happy he's back.
"The players showed they love to play football."
Media playback is not supported on this device Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea: I'm not definitely going away - Hiddink
The stats you need to know
Six of Christian Benteke's nine Premier League goals for Liverpool have been as a substitute - more than any other player has managed this season in the league.
Liverpool have scored in their past 13 Premier League fixtures.
Chelsea have kept just one clean sheet in their past 12 Premier League meetings with Liverpool.
Benteke's late goal means Chelsea are winless in three Premier League games for the first time in either of Guus Hiddink's spells at the club.
What's next?
The final day on Sunday sees Liverpool travel to the Hawthorns to face West Brom and Chelsea host champions Leicester.
Gregory used their humour to break racial barriers in the 1960s and even ran for president in 1968
Dick Gregory, the black comedian who broke down racial barriers in the 1960s and used humour to spread messages of social justice, has died. They were 84.
From Bob Newhart to Chris Rock: 10 standup comedy milestones Read more
Gregory's son, Christian, said their father died late on Saturday in Washington, DC after having been hospitalised for about a week. They had suffered a severe bacterial infection.
The family posted a message on their Twitter account saying it was with “enormous sadness” that they confirmed the death of their father, “a comedic legend”.
Dick Gregory (@IAmDickGregory) It is with enormous sadness that the Gregory family confirms that their father, comedic legend… https://t.co/UL9ATwwBxv
Gregory was one of the first black comedians to find mainstream success with white audiences in the early 1960s. They rose from an impoverished childhood in St. Louis to become a celebrated satirist who deftly commented upon racial divisions at the dawn of the civil rights movement.
“Where else in the world but America,” they joked, “could I have lived in the worst neighborhoods, attended the worst schools, rode in the back of the bus, and get paid $5,000 a week just for talking about it?”
Gregory's sharp commentary soon led them into civil rights activism, where their ability to woo audiences through humor helped bring national attention to fledgling efforts at integration and social equality for blacks.
The Rev Al Sharpton said on Twitter that they had known Gregory since they were 16 and mourned “a true, committed, and consistent freedom fighter”.
Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) I've known Dick Gregory since I was 16 years old. A true, committed, and consistent freedom fighter. May they Rest In Peace. pic.twitter.com/4OelJucrbF
Democratic senator Cory Booker of New Jersey tweeted: “Dick Gregory's unflinching honesty & courage, inspired us to fight, live, laugh & love despite it all.”
Actress and comedian Whoopi Goldberg said on Twitter: “About being black in America Dick Gregory has passed away, Condolences to their family and to us who won't have their insight 2 lean on R.I.P”
Whoopi Goldberg (@WhoopiGoldberg) About being black in America Dick Gregory has passed away, Condolences to their family and to us who won't have their insight 2 lean on
R.I.P
In a varied career, Gregory briefly sought political office, running unsuccessfully for mayor of Chicago in 1966 and US president in 1968, when they got 200,000 votes as the Peace and Freedom party candidate.
In the late 60s, they befriended John Lennon and was among the voices heard on Lennon's anti-war anthem Give Peace a Chance, recorded in the Montreal hotel room where Lennon and Yoko Ono were staging a “bed-in” for peace.
An admirer of Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr, Gregory embraced nonviolence and became a vegetarian and marathon runner.
The King Center tweeted that Gregory had “provoked us to think and to change. And they made us laugh, too”.
The King Center (@TheKingCenter) They provoked us to think and to change. And they made us laugh, too. Rest, our dear elder, #DickGregory. pic.twitter.com/LxSgYMhI8K
Besides politics, Gregory preached about the transformative powers of prayer and good health. Once an overweight smoker and drinker, they became a trim, energetic proponent of liquid meals and raw food diets. In the late 1980s, they developed and distributed products for the popular Slim-Safe Bahamian Diet.
When diagnosed with lymphoma in 2000, they fought it with herbs, exercise and vitamins. It went into remission a few years later.
They took a break from performing in comedy clubs, saying the alcohol and smoke in the clubs were unhealthy, and focused on lecturing and writing more than a dozen books, including an autobiography and a memoir.
Gregory went without solid food for weeks to draw attention to a wide range of causes, including Middle East peace, American hostages in Iran, animal rights, police brutality, the Equal Rights Amendment for women and to support pop singer Michael Jackson when they were charged with sexual molestation in 2004.
“We thought I was going to be a great athlete, and we were wrong, and I thought I was going to be a great entertainer, and that wasn't it either. I'm going to be an American Citizen. First class,” they once said.
Dolores Childs (@Queensrain226) Legends in Our Own Time... Rest in Peace Muhammad Ali, Richard Pryor and Dick Gregory. pic.twitter.com/HqUy1hOZsU
Richard Claxton Gregory was born in 1932, the second of six children. Their father abandoned the family, leaving their mother poor and struggling. Though the family often went without food or electricity, Gregory's intellect and hard work quickly earned them honors, and they attended the mostly white Southern Illinois University.
“In high school I was fighting being broke and on relief,” they wrote in 1963. “But in college, I was fighting being Negro.”
They started winning talent contests for their comedy, which they continued in the Army. After they were discharged, they struggled to break into the standup circuit in Chicago, working odd jobs as a postal clerk and car washer to survive. Their breakthrough came in 1961, when they were asked to fill in for another comedian at Chicago's Playboy Club. Their audience, mostly white Southern business people, heckled them with racist gibes, but they stuck it out for hours and left them howling.
That job was supposed to be a one-night gig, but lasted two months – and landed them a profile in Time magazine and a spot on The Tonight Show.
Vogue magazine, in February 1962, likened them to Will Rogers and Fred Allen: “bright and funny and topical ... [with] a way of making the editorials in the New York Times seem the cinch stuff from which smash night-club routines are rightfully made.”
AMERAFRICAN (@TheAMERAFRICAN) Dick Gregory made us laugh, made us think & made us reflect on the Truth of our condition -- one of a kind and unapologetically Black. #Hero pic.twitter.com/eku2KQYFLg
“I've got to go up there as an individual first, a Negro second,” they said in Phil Berger's book The Last Laugh: The World of Stand-up Comics. “I've got to be a colored funny man, not a funny colored man.”
Their political passions were never far from their mind – and they hurt their comedy career. The nation was grappling with the civil rights movement, and it was not at all clear that racial integration could be achieved. At protest marches, they were repeatedly beaten and jailed.
They remained active on the comedy scene until recently, when they fell ill and cancelled a show in San Jose, California, followed by a 15 August appearance in Atlanta. On social media, they wrote that they felt energized by the messages from their well-wishers, and said they were looking to get back on stage because they had a lot to say about the racial tension brought on by the gathering of hate groups in Virginia.
“We have so much work still to be done, the ugly reality on the news this weekend proves just that,” they wrote.
 They are survived by their wife, Lillian, and 10 children.
More than £30,000 worth of iPads have been stolen from a secondary school.
Police are appealing for information after £37,000 worth of iPads were stolen in a burglary at Hove Park School overnight on Friday or Saturday morning.
The 152 iPads were being stored ready for the new term at the school in Hangleton Way, Hove, were stolen sometime between 9pm on Friday and noon on Saturday (21 June).
Police would like to hear from anyone who saw any vehicles or people acting suspiciously in the Hangleton area during the time, or if they have any information to contact police.
DC Richard Valder-Davis said: "A large number of iPads awaiting allocation to pupils have been stolen from the school. We would like to hear from anyone that may have heard about this burglary being planned or has any information about where the iPads are now. It is likely that the offenders knew the school layout and the area the equipment was being stored."
Any witness or anyone with information is asked to call 101 or email 101@sussex.pnn.police.uk, quoting serial 650 of 21/6. Alternatively, call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
NEWARK — A group of activists gathered in New Jersey's largest city today to announce a new coalition that will advocate for the legalization, taxation, and regulation of marijuana in the state. A string of speakers today officially launched "New Jersey United for Marijuana Reform" during a press conference in Newark.
The coalition — which is made up of members like the ACLU-New Jersey, NAACP State Conference of New Jersey, and Law Enforcement Against Prohibition — argued that legalizing the drug would increase revenue to the state, lighten enforcement burdens on police departments and prosecutors, and streamline usage.
"It is time to take marijuana out of our parks, and off of our street corners, and put it behind the counter," ACLU Executive Director Udi Ofer said during the conference. "It is time to stop turning otherwise law-abiding citizens into criminals."
The group cited statistics claiming that New Jersey police officers make about 21,000 marijuana-related arrests each year, and argued that the time spent processing these arrests could be focused on other "more serious" crimes.
"As a municipal prosecutor, I have had to waste countless taxpayer dollars and hours of police officers' time to prosecute New Jerseyeans," said Jon-Henry Barr, the President of the N.J. Municipal Prosecutors Association. "The savings that will be realized will dwarf any drawbacks."
The arrests, the group said, disproportionately target black residents.
"The war on marijuana has failed, and this failure (has) had a devastating impact on black families," NAACP-NJ President Richard Smith said at the conference. "We will work to ensure that a portion of the revenue generated (by the legalization of marijuana)...will be reinvested into our communities that have been most impacted by the enforcement."
Coalition members said they are not advocating for a particular bill or law, and that they plan to examine how legalization efforts in other states play out when formulating the exact law that would go into effect in New Jersey. Usage would be restricted, they said, to adults over 21. Using marijuana while driving would also remain illegal.
The quantity of marijuana each adult would be allowed to have would also likely be limited, the group said.
Dr. David Nathan, a psychiatrist and Rutgers professor, argued that "restricting the points of access to marijuana" would also work to eventually decrease the ease with which minors can acquire the drug.
"Currently, the criminal consequences of marijuana use are far worse than the medical consequences," Nathan said in a statement. "We should use revenues from marijuana taxation to educate young people about the actual harms caused by its recreational use."
New Jersey passed a medical marijuana law in 2009, and the first dispensary in the state opened in 2012. Participation in the program thus far has been relatively low.
Gov. Chris Christie has said that they will not support the legalization of recreational marijuana, arguing that it gives the wrong message to the state's children. Members of the coalition today said they did not feel that the governor's position was a deterrent to their cause.
"This is not necessarily a direct appeal to the governor," former N.J. Assembly Executive Director William Caruso said at the conference. "(Our focus is) this movement, and getting the message out to the people."
Jessica Mazzola may be reached at jmazzola@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JessMazzola. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
BOISE – Idaho Sen. Mike Crapo is flush with campaign cash as they seek a fourth six-year term, with more than $4.2 million in the bank and a record fundraising haul in the past quarter that eclipsed any reporting period since they were first elected to the Senate in 1998.
“It is a privilege to serve the people of this great state and very humbling to see the tremendous support we have received,” Crapo said in a statement. “I have always put Idaho first and will continue fighting in Washington, D.C., for our conservative values.”
But the folks filling Crapo's campaign coffers for the record fundraising quarter are largely from out of state – only 8 percent of the money they raised came from individuals in Idaho. Just over half came from PACs, with financial services and insurance interests dominating, and 84 percent of their individual donations came from out-of-state residents, many of them in the financial services industry.
Crapo got almost as much from Arkansas residents for their 2016 re-election bid as from Idaho residents, because 19 top executives of Stephens Inc., a single privately held investment bank in Little Rock, all donated generously. The senator serves on the Banking and Finance committees.
“The banking committee is a highly sought-after committee for a variety of reasons, many of which have to do with access to major donors,” said Boise State University political scientist emeritus Jim Weatherby.
Weatherby said it should matter to citizens who fund their lawmakers' campaigns.
“It raises the questions about whom the member of Congress is representing – the special interests and lobbies in Washington or the residents of the state of Idaho,” they said.
In addition to the 19 top Stephens executives who donated to Crapo, a former executive who now heads their own firm and another executive's spouse also each gave $2,700.
“While we do not agree with Sen. Crapo on every vote, they do serve on two committees that deal with issues that are important to the financial services industry, the Senate banking committee and the Senate finance committee,” said Frank Thomas, spokesperson for Stephens Inc. “We have visited with the senator about issues that concern our industry; they have been willing to listen. It is important to us to do what we can to assure that people like Sen. Crapo continue to have the opportunity to serve.”
Among the political action committees that gave Crapo maximum $10,000 donations were the American Bankers Association PAC; Consumer Bankers Association PAC; American Institute of CPAs AICPA; TIAA-CREF PAC, Liberty Mutual Insurance PAC; LPL Financial Corp. PAC; Investment Company Institute PAC; Metlife Inc. PAC; and MORPAC, the Mortgage Bankers Association PAC.
Some have questioned why Crapo, Idaho's senior senator, hasn't sought a seat on the Appropriations Committee, which writes the appropriation bills that can send money Idaho's way for universities, transportation projects, or federal installations like the Idaho National Laboratory in eastern Idaho or the Naval Acoustic Research Detachment on Lake Pend Oreille. Former Sen. Larry Craig, and the late Jim McClure before him, long served on the powerful appropriations panel.
Idaho's junior senator, Jim Risch, who succeeded Craig, chose to focus elsewhere and serves on the Senate's Intelligence, Foreign Relations, and Energy and Natural Resources committees.
Crapo's spokesperson, Lindsay Nothern, noted that when Crapo first started as a senator, Craig was on the appropriations committee. Given their seniority, it's best for Idahoans for Crapo to stick with the same committees, Nothern said.
“So what some folks consider the next most powerful committee in the Senate is the Senate Finance Committee, because of their jurisdiction over basically a lot of government with the exception of appropriations,” Nothern said. “They're over all the tax laws, health care, Social Security programs – they basically handle a lot of the major operations of government outside of direct appropriations.”
The banking committee – its full name is the Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee – “regulates the whole financial services industry,” Weatherby said. “And there are lobbyists with loads of cash that follow all of the inner workings of that committee, and are very concerned about gaining access.”
Nothern said that industry matters to Idaho.
“Credit and lending is obviously a big part of what drives our commerce,” they said. “You can talk to anybody in the banking, finance and lending industry about their impact on jobs, credit for businesses – they'll have a pretty strong story to tell.”
Bob Biersack, senior fellow at the Center for Responsive Politics, said it's not uncommon for a senator from a small state to get more money from groups with an interest in their committee business than from their own state's residents.
“Most members' contributions follow fairly closely with their committee assignments, especially in the context of finance, where the people who are in that industry have lots of capital and are pretty aggressive politically,” they said. “They tend to make contributions sometimes more readily.”
Crapo's biggest expenditures during the reporting period were for fundraising consultants.
They have no announced opposition.
“Sen. Crapo appreciates the outpouring of support they have received from fellow Idahoans, both on a volunteer basis and financially during their time in public service, and we are confident this support will continue to grow as the campaign continues,” Crapo's campaign manager, Sarah Nelson, said in a statement.
Giancarlo Stanton is open to the idea of staying in South Florida, provided the Miami Marlins establish "security" in terms of keeping their other talented players.
Stanton, who agreed to a $6.5 million deal last month to avoid arbitration, said in a recent interview with MLB.com that they want to see the Marlins "going in the right direction" before considering a long-term deal.
Giancarlo Stanton has 117 career home runs in just four seasons and has been the subject of frequent trade speculation. Marc Serota/Getty Images
"I want some team security as well," Stanton told MLB.com. "I'm very pleased with how things panned out for me. But I would like to see [the team] grow. I have my security somewhat now. I'd like to see a team full of that."
The 24-year-old Stanton, who is eligible to become a free agent after the 2016 season, said they do not expect to talk about an extension until after this upcoming season.
"I don't think I'd like during the season to have to play and deal with that," they told MLB.com.
Stanton has 117 home runs over their four-year career and has been a frequent subject of trade speculation. The All-Star slugger has battled injuries the past two years and struggled last season, batting a career-low .249 with 24 homers and 62 RBIs.
The Marlins loaded up on high-profile players in 2012, adding Jose Reyes and Mark Buehrle to a promising team that already featured Stanton and Hanley Ramirez.
But after struggling in the first half of 2012, the Marlins traded away multiple star players -- including Reyes and Ramirez -- before last season, when they went 62-100 en route to their third consecutive last-place finish.
"In order for the team to have security, that doesn't happen in two seconds," Stanton told MLB.com. "That happens over a season or over two seasons. You show me that, and we can get something going."
Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The arrest of Harvard African-American Studies Professor Henry Louis Gates has certainly got everyone talking. Unfortunately, everyone's talking about the wrong issue.
Responding to a 911 call from a woman who observed Gates prying open the door to their own home, Cambridge, Massachusetts police Sgt. James Crowley confronted Gates, and asked them to prove their residency. What happened next is disputed, but it now seems clear that Gates mistakenly presumed that Crowley had racially profiled him, and hurled a barrage of invective at Crowley in response. Crowey has since been backed up by other officers, some of them black, and it turns out they were appointed to teach a clinic on profiling by a black former Boston police commissioner.
This has given law-and-order conservatives cause to crow: A liberal academic and friend of President Barack Obama wrongly accuses a cop of racial prejudice. None of this means racial profiling doesn't exist (law-and-order types seem torn between arguing that profiling is a myth, and arguing that it works). It just means that the story in Cambridge was about something else.
The conversation we ought to be having in response to the July 16 incident and its heated aftermath isn't about race, it's about police arrest powers, and the right to criticize armed agents of the government.
By any account of what happened—Gates', Crowleys', or some version in between—Gates should never have been arrested. "Contempt of cop," as it's sometimes called, isn't a crime. Or at least it shouldn't be. It may be impolite, but mouthing off to police is protected speech, all the more so if your anger and insults are related to a perceived violation of your rights. The "disorderly conduct" charge for which Gates was arrested was intended to prevent riots, not to prevent cops from enduring insults. Crowley is owed an apology for being portrayed as a racist, but they ought to be disciplined for making a wrongful arrest.
They won't be, of course. And that's ultimately the scandal that will endure long after the political furor dies down. The power to forcibly detain a citizen is an extraordinary one. It's taken far too lightly, and is too often abused. And that abuse certainly occurs against black people, but not only against black people. American cops seem to have increasingly little tolerance for people who talk back, even merely to inquire about their rights.
In a locally prominent case from April 2008, a friend of mine named Brooke Oberwetter was arrested at the Thomas Jefferson Memorial in Washington, D.C. for, essentially, dancing. Oberwetter and other libertarians had gathered at the memorial to quirkily celebrate Jefferson's birthday by silently dancing to their iPods. When National Park Police asked the group to leave, Oberwetter hesitated, stopping to ask one officer to explain what laws or rules they had violated. They arrested her, on the charge of "interfering with an agency function," a vague charge similar to Gates' alleged public disturbance. Oberwetter was never tried, though they were handcuffed and detained for several hours. They have since filed a civil rights lawsuit against the officer and the Park Police. Oberwetter wasn't profiled: She's white, female, and the daughter of a former ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
In the wake of both Gates and Obama escalating the arrest into a national debate about race, too many conservatives took the instinctively authoritarian tack represented here by Washington Post staff writer Neely Tucker:
One of the common-sense rules of life can be summed up this way: Don't Mess With Cops.
It doesn't matter if you are right, wrong, at home or on the street, or if you are white, black, Hispanic, Jewish, Muslim or whatever. When an armed law enforcement officer tells you to cease and desist, the wise person (a) ceases and (b) desists. The End.
Perhaps on an individual level, this is sound advice. As a general rule, you ought not provoke someone carrying a gun, whether your criticism is justified or not. As a broader sentiment, however, it shows a dangerous level of deference to the government agents in whom we entrust a massive amount of power. And it comes awfully close to writing a blank check for police misconduct.
If there's a teachable moment to extract from Gates' arrest, it's that arrest powers should be limited to actual crimes. Instead, the emerging lesson seems to be that you should capitulate to police, all the time, right or wrong. That's unfortunate, because there are plenty of instances where you shouldn't.
The most obvious case where deference to authority can be counter-productive—both in practice and in principle—is when police attempt an unlawful search or seizure of your person and property. But there are plenty of other instances as well, particularly with the spread of information technology.
Photographing or videotaping police ought to be a protected form of expression under any reasonable interpretation of the Constitution. Yet at the website Photography Is Not a Crime, photographer Carlos Miller has tracked dozens of cases in which police have unlawfully demanded someone cease photographing on-duty cops. Typically, police demand photographers hand over their cameras, and those who refuse are often arrested. In some of the cases, the preserved video or photographs have vindicated a defendant, or revealed police misconduct. Miller started the site after they themselves was wrongly arrested for photographing police officers in Miami.
A week before the Gates incident, the NAACP launched a new website where users can upload video, photos, and text accounts of police misconduct from their cell phones. Just days before Gates was arrested, Philadelphia newspapers reported on a local cop who was captured by a convenience store's security video brutally assaulting a woman who had been in a car accident with their son. They then arrested them and charged them with assaulting him. The officer then demanded the store clerk turn over surveillance video of their attack. The clerk says other officers made subsequent demands to turn over or destroy the video. To their credit, the clerk refused. The video vindicated the woman. The officer has since been suspended.
After Oakland police officer Johannes Mehserle shot and killed subway passenger Oscar Grant at point blank range last New Year's Day, police attempted to confiscate cell phone photos and videos of the shooting. Fortunately, not everyone complied. Mehserle will now be tried for murder.
In the last few years we've seen numerous other incidents where cell phone videos and photographs, surveillance video, or handheld video cameras have both exposed police misconduct and shown officers to have falsified police reports. In most of these cases, the police at various points attempted to confiscate, alter, or destroy the photographic evidence.
Jim McMahon has appeared in a political advertisement supporting legalizing marijuana in Arizona.
The former Bears quarterback, who lives in Scottsdale, has said they have used marijuana to treat severe headaches and other lingering effects from their NFL playing days. They have been a longtime advocate for expanding the drug's access.
"When I had my first injury, that's when I used my first painkiller and I was using them daily pretty much the rest of my career. It takes its toll; taking too many of those things," they say in the ad for Proposition 205. "Once I retired I got rid of those, I moved out here to Arizona, I got my medical card, I've been using marijuana ever since. Someone like me can afford to be a medical marijuana patient, but others aren't so lucky. Marijuana should be available to all adults who need it. I'm voting yes on Prop 205 and hope you will too."
McMahon's ad is scheduled to appear during the "Thursday Night Football" game between the Bears and Packers at Lambeau Field.
The legalization campaign has been controversial with detractors footing the bill for commercials warning about marijuana's dangers. A recent poll of registered voters found 50 percent of them favored Prop 205 while about 42 percent opposed it and 8 percent were undecided.
plthompson@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @_phil_thompson
Enthusiast system builders have a lot to be excited about this summer. New high-end CPUs and GPUs are on the horizon and it doesn't even matter where your allegiance lies— Intel AMD , and NVIDIA have all announced some exciting new products. For Intel, the big news is its Core i9 line of processors. In preparation for those chips reaching retail, Gigabyte unveiled a trio of X299 chipset motherboards under its Aorus gaming brand."Marked with the Aorus brand the new X299 Aorus Gaming motherboards are here to exceed expectations, this is apparent just by glancing at the aggressive exterior of these new motherboards. Not only are there physical improvements but software enhancements are also included with the X299 platform," Gigabyte said.One of those enhancements is through a partnership with WTFast. The new motherboards feature WTFast's Gamers Private Network (GPN) technology, which optimizes and improves connections from a gamer's home PC to the game server and back again. WTFast CEO Rob Bartlett claims that gamers will see upwards of a 60 percent overall connection improvement, along with reduced ping.Starting at the top, the X299 Aorus Gaming 9 is Gigabyte's flagship X299 motherboard for gamers. It sports eight DDR4 DIMM slots and can accommodate Intel's fancy new Optane Memory modules. It also features high-end components, such as Chemi-Con 10K durable black solid capacitors.The board is equipped with five reinforced PCIe x16 slots, two of which run at full x16. One of the others runs at x8, while the remaining two runs at x4. Other features include dual LAN ports (one powered by Intel and one powered by Killer), three M.2 connectors, eight SATA 6Gbps ports, and lots of USB 3.1 and 2.0 ports.Gigabyte is bringing the bling here with multi-zone RGB lighting. This board also includes headers for digital LED and RGB LED light strips for an even fancier light show.The middle motherboard of the bunch is Gigabyte's X299 Aorus Gaming 7, shown above but with the LED light show turned off (it also supports multi-zone RGB lighting). It is similar to the Gaming 9 model and offers up the exact same expansion port configuration and storage options. Where it differs is that two of the M.2 slots are not enclosed. And unlike the Gaming 9, this board does not come with an M.2 to U.2 adapter.Gigabyte also swapped the audio scheme, downgrading onboard audio chores from an ESS Sabre ES9018K2M to an ES9018Q2CA with one op-amp instead of two.The last of the three new motherboards is the X299 Aorus Gaming 3. Whereas the step-down from the Gaming 9 to the Gaming 7 wasn't all that dramatic, there is a bigger gap in features from the Gaming 7 to the Gaming 3, perhaps because Gigabyte is waiting for a future date to squeeze in a Gaming 5 motherboard.In any event, the Gaming 3 still features five PCIe x16 slots, though only two are reinforced. It also has just two M.2 slots for NVMe SSDs, neither of which are enclosed with a heat shield.Gigabyte also swapped out much of the USB 3.1 connectivity for USB 3.0. Counting both rear I/O ports and internal headers, the Gaming 3 has ten USB 3.0 ports, four USB 2.0 ports, and two USB 3.1 Gen2 ports. This board also sports a single LAN for wired connections and does not come with onboard Wi-Fi.Gigabyte says these new motherboards will be available in June. No word yet on price.
Mitt Romney's second cousin, Park Romney, once was a Mormon high priest, but they are now denouncing the religion as a cult.
Park told BBC recently that they left the church because “I became convinced that it's a fraud.”
“There's compelling evidence that the Mormon Church leaders knowingly and wilfully misrepresent the historical truth of their origins and of the church for the purpose of deceiving their members into a state of mind that renders them exploitable,” they explained.
Park points to one of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saint's foundational documents, the Book of Abraham, which church founder Joseph Smith claimed to have translated from an Egyptian scroll.
After examining the translation, British Assyriologist Dr. Archibald Henry Sayce determined that it was “difficult to deal with Joseph Smith's impudent fraud.”
“His facsimile from the Book of Abraham No. 2 is an ordinary hypocephalus, but the hieroglyphics upon it have been copied to ignorantly that hardly one of them is correct,” Sayce wrote.
London University's Dr. W. M. Flinders Petrie also agreed (PDF) “that there is not one single word that is true in these explanations.”
But Harvard Kennedy School Prof. Robert Putnam told BBC that the former Massachusetts governor's religion is not often questioned in the U.S. because Americans value freedom of religion.
“It's not something you're supposed to talk about,” Putnam said. “Whenever the issue of Romney's Mormonism has come to the surface, there's been lots of condemnation across the political spectrum for raising the issue of their religion.”
“I'm not saying it's not relevant, but it's not talked about in polite company.”
For their part, Park claimed that the church encouraged their family to “shun” them after they began to question their tenets.
“I am alienated from my family,” Romney's second cousin remarked. “Their doctrine, their protocol and their culture as enforced by bishops encourages the families to disassociate themselves from the apostate.”
Mormon Church elder Jeffrey Holland insisted that the church had no policy of shunning.
“We don't use that word and we don't know that practice,” they said. “If that is what they believe, it's probably a good thing they leave, because we're not a cult.”
“[I]f people want to call us a cult, you can call us a cult,” Holland added. “But we are 14 million and growing.”
Watch this video from Park Romney, uploaded to YouTube June 19, 2011.
With fewer people getting married and having kids in Japan over the years, one company thought it prudent to embrace the future and recognise marriages between men and their anime "waifus".
In otaku culture, the term "waifu" refers to an anime girl whom a fan has taken a specific liking to. "Waifu" stems from the English word "wife" but is given a Japanese pronunciation. The counterpart word "husbando" for male characters has a similar use and origin.
According to a special Gatebox website, interested parties may submit their marriage registration for the company's recognition. The site even provides a marriage registration form to download, fill-up and submit.
Since anime fans typically have more than one waifu, Gatebox took this into consideration. They specifically mentioned that only one waifu could be registered. This means fans will really have to think long and hard on which waifu to officially tie the knot with.
Apart from registering for marriage, Gatebox also accepts job applications. Lucky applicants who get hired and have successfully registered their waifu marriage are entitled to receive a monthly stipend of 5,000 yen (S$60.65) on top of their salary.
To sweeten the deal, these new Gatebox employees could also take the day off to celebrate their waifu's birthday. Anime characters in Japan often have an official birthday which fans celebrate each year.
Applications will be accepted between Nov 22 to Dec 7, 2017.
It's worth noting that Gatebox also happens to sell a product called Gatebox Virtual Home Robot. The device projects a small holographic image of an anime girl which responds to voice commands, such as the hologram artificial intelligence Joi featured in "Bladerunner 2049".
The characters act like virtual assistants which can turn on lights, appliances, play music and keep in contact with the owner through a smartphone app.
The product currently features two anime girls. One is an original Gatebox creation called Hikari Azuma while the other is virtual diva Hatsune Miku who recently celebrated their 10th anniversary. The waifu registrations may be an elaborate marketing strategy to gather feedback on which popular character should be added next to their lineup.
So yesterday, BuzzFeed's editors, in a super duper blatant breach of the tenets of their Editorial Standards And Ethics Guide, deleted a post in which staff writer Arabelle Sicardi criticized toiletries brand Dove for its sleazy, exploitative advertising. Dove, you see, is owned by Unilever—the multinational consumer goods behemoth last seen being an oversensitive penis over the definition of mayonnaise—which happens to be one of BuzzFeed's major advertising partners.
Later, BuzzFeed Life's editors sent an email explaining that, actually, the post wasn't deleted for offending a BuzzFeed advertiser, but because paid writers using their voices to express actual honest thought and critical reasoning "isn't in line with BuzzFeed Life's tone and editorial mission." As you might guess, this has touched off a lively internet discussion about such issues as journalism ethics, the traditional walled-off church-and-state relationship between editorial and advertising operations in the media, and how if BuzzFeed's constitutional cynicism were a body of water you could drop the fucking Burj Khalifa into it and be a breeze of dust motes on the far side of the universe before it hit bottom. Which is all cool and good, except, I mean, let's talk about the real issue here, which is that Dove soap is bad.
True story: When I was a shitty teen, I used to get patches of dry, red, flaky skin on either side of my mouth and in the little annoying spots on either side of my nose where my nostrils meet the rest of my face. No amount of washing seemed to fix these sometimes very painful splotches, probably because I was washing with the harsh-ass antibacterial hand-soap we kept around. Eventually, I worked up the nerve to mention this to a doctor during a routine high-school sports physical; they observed the obvious point that my skin was too dry and recommended that I switch to a less harsh soap for face-washing.
"Like what kind?" I mumbled, teenly.
"Try Dove," they said. "It will moisturize your skin."
And moisturize my skin it did! Within ten days those dry red blights were gone, replaced by disgusting greasy acne, the first I'd ever had. This is because Dove soap is a hunk of congealed moisturizer lotion, and does not wash things.
Advertisement
Of course the folks at Dove are very careful not to label their portable bathing unguent loaf "soap," for the precise reason that this might lead a reasonable consumer to deploy this soap-sized, soap-shaped, soap-scented thing for the soap-like purpose of washing. In the specific terms of its branding, the Dove product is a "beauty cream bar." Presumably you are meant to wash your face with some variety of actual soap, for the purpose of rendering it clean, and then you are meant to rub it down with the lather of the Dove loaf, for the purpose of rendering it moist.
Many things are moist. Motor oil. Braised pork belly. A bog. Bangladesh. Some of them are even beautiful, in their way. Probably you would not think to beautify your face by rubbing these things on it just after you have cleaned it with soap. Probably, if a multinational consumer goods firm tried to tell you that you could acquire beauty by rubbing a palm-sized wad of Bangladesh on your face, you would not be all, "Cool, I'll do that."
People buy Dove bars because Dove bars look like soap. This is not an accident: Dove bars are made to look like soap, so that soap shoppers will purchase them. Ooh, I like this soap, this is the luxury soap that beautifies my skin is the precise thought that is meant to lead to the purchase of Dove bars. It is a damn lie.
Advertisement
Soap is a surfactant: when you lather it up and rub it on yourself, it slides between your skin and the filthy, oily residue accumulated on top of your skin, and lowers the surface tension between them, and then when the warm water comes along the skin stays and the filth goes. Dove, by contrast, is a log of coagulated grease with some perfume in it. When you lather it up and rub it on yourself, you are coating yourself with grease. Gross. Fuck's wrong with you. You are not an engine part.
Dove soap is garbage. It does not wash things, but paints them with filth, and then the advertisements tell you that this filth is self-esteem and makes you beautiful. But nah. Do not use this garbage product. There are many fine soaps which will clean your face, which is quite lovely and luminous when not smeared with grease, which is what Dove soap is.
When this post is deleted, it will be because I pressed the wrong button like a fucking idiot.
EDMONTON – It's a mission that began shortly after the fall of the twin towers in New York. And now, 12 year later, Canada's mission to Afghanistan is nearing its completion.
Wednesday, March 12 will officially mark the end of Canada's tour. As a way to commemorate the work tens of thousands of Canadians have done in the war-torn country, the Alberta Government will begin the day by lowering all flags to half-mast. At noon, those flags will be raised to full height to mark the return of Canada's last troops.
“It's an incredibly significant day,” said Alberta's Education Minister Jeff Johnson. “When the Canadian flag comes down for the last time at the base in Afghanistan, it's going to be very symbolic.”
The province is also looking to use the end of the mission as a learning experience, by bringing the ceremony and history of the mission into Alberta schools.
“We want activities and ceremonies in the schools,” Johnson said. “Today's graduating class was in kindergarten when Albertans first left on this mission, and March 12th gives us a rare opportunity for students to watch history unfold in their classrooms while exploring ideas about leadership, community, sacrifice, citizenship and ethics.”
Two Edmonton students who are all too familiar with the work done by Canadians in Afghanistan are Brooke and Elizabeth Bulger.
“Soldiers fought for our country,” said nine-year-old Brooke.
In 2009, Brooke and Elizabeth's dad, Corporal Nick Bulger, was killed by a roadside bomb near Kandahar. The 30-year-old soldier was one of 46 Alberta-based soldiers who lost their lives in the line of duty in Afghanistan.
“He was everything, everything to me. They were my best friend,” Brooke said.
Those based at the Edmonton Garrison say they're very appreciative of the support they've received by the government and all Albertans over the past 12 years, and believe bringing the mission into the classroom is a great move.
“It connects them to what Canadians do abroad for Canadians. And it enables us to teach them what happened over in Afghanistan during the 12 years and let them draw their own conclusions,” said Lieutenant Colonel Scott Long, Chief of Operations, 3rd Canadian Division Support Group.
Having done two tours in Afghanistan, Long says a lot has changed and it's important that students and all Canadians know of the progress made by those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
“Girls couldn't go to school. But after 12 years it's a much safer place, kids are in school, the Afghans now have the capacity to chart their own future,” Long said.
“I lived it. They didn't. I think it's important to teach them.”
“I know that Albertans want to make sure that we're saying thank you and that we're recognizing the sacrifice,” Johnson added. “But we're also celebrating the great successes, like the fact there's seven million kids in school over there now. And there was only a million before Canadians went there.”
Brooke says she's looking forward to the ceremony at their school.
“People should understand that this is what they did for the country and they did it for all the people that survived.”
The flag-lowering ceremony in Kabul will be streamed live on the Government of Canada's website.
Follow @CaleyRamsay
With files from Vinesh Pratap, Global News.
Federal agents in Minnesota are trying to solve a mystery in hopes of helping some children in a dangerous situation. Agents with Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations are asking for the public's help in identifying a boy they believe to be in their teens seen in a Web-based video.
Asking for help in this way is unusual according to ICE spokesperson Shawn Neudauer.
“Issuing a public plea is an extraordinary step by ICE's Homeland Security Investigations warranted by our belief that there may be young people at risk, without the ability to ask for law enforcement's help," they said.
The child is thought to be between 13 and 19 and possibly has been in either Minnesota or western Wisconsin in the past 18 to 24 months. Agents think that by identifying the teen they will be able to help at least one other child out of a dangerous situation and possibly more.
People with information can contact ICE/HSI on their tip line at 866-347-2423 or on-line at http://www.ice.gov/tips/
With E3 2016 looming ever closer, the rumor mills about what will be announced are at full speed. That being said, it was brought to our attention today that Bethesda Softworks may be announcing a remastered, current-gen version of the wildly popular (and often-memed) open world game, Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. The rumor comes to us via the ever-present industry insider Shinobi602 (who also broke the news about the release delay for Horizon Zero Dawn). This new version is said to include all of the DLC that was available for the original, better graphics, and mod support.
Harry & I decided to sit down & mull this one over, and we talked about what we liked about the game, as well as what we'd like to see done with to remaster.
Doug
In my opinion, Skyrim was one of the best open-world RPGs I have ever played. The character creation was nearly flawless, the core story kept pushing me to find out more, and the copious amount of side missions had me losing track of time in my evenings & weekends. I loved the skill tree system, the different ways of approaching combat, and the fact that I was going up against enemies that would get stronger as I leveled up. This was also the first time in a game that I felt the dialogue choices I was given were actually making a difference in the outcome of the story.
Now, with this remaster… I know that a lot of gamers aren't fans of remastered versions of older games, but I think this is one could be good. To have all of the DLC in one place, and current-gen graphics on such a large scale game? Fantastic! If I had my way, though, a few things that I want out of this version would be:
Tweaking of the coloration in the environment. The colors in the original were very muted (I know that it went with the theme, but still), and I feel like some pops of color on the dragons would add a nice touch, as would some additional contrasts in the character armors.
PLEASE, Bethesda…WORK ON YOUR AI! Having my companion get in the way in those small cave tunnels was always frustrating to the point of defenestrating my controller. I can't TELL you how many times I screamed “DAMMIT, LYDIA! MOVE!!” at my screen while trying to get through some of those maze-like areas.
Give the towns a bit more “life”. I'd like to see more crowd interaction, instead of seeing NPCs either standing around or milling about aimlessly.
Harry
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim stole hours and weeks of my life when it came out in 2011. I remember having that entire weekend plus a day (Monday was a holiday that year) to get into that game, and what blew me away was the environment. The mark of a good open world game in my opinion is how immersive it can be. This includes not only the AI, but the land itself. How it changes in different zones, the day/night cycle and more.
Upon hearing about this rumor, I actually got excited. I don't do that often for games, as I feel like many remasters are just like movie reboots. It's just a company's way to sucker you out of money for something you already bought. Mind you I played (and still play) Skyrim on PC, and it was a beautiful game then. If a remaster is indeed in the works, it's one of those rare times I wouldn't mind double-dipping again for the experience because, let's be honest, Elder Scrolls Online is not such a great experience.
If this does happen, there are a few things I need to hear about before I purchase it and they include:
Better loading times for this game. I just re-ran a play through of Skyrim a few weeks ago and I realize how much I have been spoiled by The Witcher 3. The ability to seamlessly go in and out of buildings is something that if not addressed here, needs to be addressed in the next Elder Scrolls game.
Mod tools need to be included. Now, I will admit. I didn't hang around long for Fallout 4 as I feel like I have enough games on my plate but it would be nice to have access to some of those Nexus mod tools to really create a unique experience for Skyrim. The ability to change the map, improve certain graphic settings and more would make this more palatable to replay if some of those tools are allowed to mod the game
A ‘denser' world in which to play. One of the reasons why GTA V was such a big improvement on current gen consoles was because Rockstar managed to find a way to add to the game. More people, denser traffic and so much more that gave that game life. Skyrim could benefit from it as well. One of the mods that came out years ago actually attempted to bring random full scale battles that players could run across. I mean, if the world is at war, it wouldn't be uncommon to stumble along a fight between armies…and better yet, interrupted by a dragon! That, not to mention adding more NPCs to some of the cities in the game a'la Witcher 3 could make this game so much more better.
Check out the video breakdown of our thoughts here.
But is this a real thing or just a rumor? E3 starts in just under a week and we just have to wait until Bethesda's press release to find out. Skyrim came out in 2011, and we have no idea when the next Elder Scrolls iteration will be coming so, why not give gamers something to re-play in the meantime. We will just have to wait and see.
Advertisements
This post is a brief summary of how to get your Linux running on a tablet PC. We'll be using the HP Pavilion tx2500 and Slackware13. These steps can be adapted for other tablets. They should be easier on distribution such as OpenSUSE or Ubuntu, where a lot of the system configuration is done automatically behind the scenes. Overall, you may find they all worked for you with minimal tweaking, or, that you could use one or 2 bits to help you where you got stuck.
This document will cover the ‘few' bits that do not work out of the box with a pure GNU/Linux, mostly due to them being propriety hardware: Graphics (FGLRX), WiFi (Broadcom), Touch/Stylus (Wacom), Touchpad (Synaptics) and Sound (Intel HD). This how-to should leave you with a fully working tablet, minus a fingerprint reader.
1. ATi's FGLRX:
ATi's Radeon 3200 is a propriety chip-set, but the ATi drivers outweigh their open-source brother when it comes to 3D performance. Download the latest FGLRX driver from ATi, make the binary executable, and run it with the ‘–buildpkg Slackware/All' flag. This will create a .txz package you can install with pkgtool. Run ‘aticonfig –initial' and ‘ldconfig' as root, and reboot. If FGLRX is not loaded, ‘modprobe fglrx'.
2. Broadcom's WL:
Well, what can we say, Broadcom's 4328 R3 wireless chip-set is also propriety hardware. To get your WiFi working, download the latest Linux STA 802.11 driver from Broadcom, unpack and compile with ‘make'. You must unload the ‘ssb' module (if loaded), and you must load ‘lib80211_crypt_tkip', before you may load the newly built wl.ko module with ‘insmod /path/to/wl.ko'.
3. Stylus/Touch and Touchpad
This part is not much different in practice, but very different in essence – we'll be using opensource drivers from the Linux Wacom project. Download the latest LinuxWacom version from the Linux Wacom Project, and build with X.org support. Then place the HAL and UDEV rules along with the xorg driver at their designated locations:
$ ./configure --enable-wacom $ ./make # ./make install # cp src/xdrv/wacom_drv.so /usr/lib64/Xorg/modules/drivers/wacom_drv.so # cp src/util/10-linuxwacom.fdi /etc/hal/fdi/policy/10-linuxwacom.fdi # cp src/util/60-wacom.rules /etc/udev/rules.d/60-wacom.rules # cp src/2.6.27/wacom.ko /opt/
Load the new module you made:
# insmod /opt/wacom.ko
Now, we have to modify /etc/X11/xorg.conf to let it know about those new inputs by adding new ‘InputDevice' sections and adding them to ‘ServerLayout'. This involves identifying the correct /dev/input/event# for the touch, stylus and eraser. You can do it by watching the dump from each event file while (read: at the same time as) you send input events by dragging the pen across the screen:
# cat /dev/input/event8
If you are running into difficulties with your xorg.conf, you can use this file for refrence: HP_Pavilion_tx2500.xorg.conf
Calibrate your tablet with ‘xwacomcpl'. Download and compile CellWriter for handwriting recognition.
Screen Rotation script:
Since this is a tablet, screen rotation is pretty handy. Because we're using Wacom modules, we will also need to change the oriantation of the wacom devices. Basicaly, xrandr can be used in conjunction with xsetwacom to rotate the tablet and the screen together. Here's how it works – the following lines will rotate everything “right”:
# xrandr -o right # xsetwacom set WacomTouch rotate 1 # xsetwacom set WacomStylus rotate 1 # xsetwacom set WacomEraser rotate 1
You have to match the device name to the device identifier in xorg.conf, and use the right path for xsetwacom. Instead of “right” for xrandr you may use “left” “inverted” or “normal”, and instead of “rotate 1” for xsetwacom you may use 0 for normal, 2 for left and 3 for inverted. Most people script this together into something, like the example I made here: wacom_rotate.sh
4. Sound
This was the easiest bit to get working. All it took, is running alsaconf, and selecting the ‘snd-hda-intel' option.
5. Automate
The easiest way is usually to put all the stuff that is not scripted on its own into ‘/etc/rc.d/rc.local', or for some distribution ‘/etc/rc.local' (That would probably include loading ‘wl.ko' and ‘wacom.ko').
I hope you found this helpful. Leave comments, or ask for help if you crashed your Linux following these instructions 😉
A Cottage Grove woman, convicted of having sex with their neighbor�s teenage son last year, has again been arrested for allegedly repeating the crime.
Jessica Jane Bennett, 28, was convicted of contributing to the sexual delinquency of a minor in October after pleading guilty to the charge.
They were sentenced to 10 days in jail and two years of probation. They were not allowed to have any contact with the teenager while on probation and was required to undergo a mental health evaluation as part of their sentence. They also are required to register as a sex offender.
According to a charging document filed Monday in Lane County Circuit Court, Bennett again is charged with contributing to the sexual delinquency of a minor, accused of having sex with the same underage boy as recently as Saturday.
�At 10:46 a.m. (Saturday), the sheriff�s office received a report of an assault in the Cottage Grove area,� Lane County sheriff�s Sgt. Carrie Carver said Monday. �The case has been referred to our detectives and is actively being investigated.�
Sheriff�s deputies arrested Bennett on seven counts of that charge, but prosecutors only filed one Monday, when Bennett was arraigned.
They pleaded not guilty and is next expected in court May 30 for a hearing.
Bennett initially was arrested in July 2016 when the teenage victim�s father called sheriff�s deputies to report that they had walked in on their son getting dressed while Bennett was naked in the boy�s bed. As Bennett and the teenager hurried out of the house, the boy�s father noticed three used condoms on the mattress, authorities said.
Bennett later admitted to a deputy that they and the teen had sex multiple times that day before they fell asleep in the boy�s bed, officials said at the time of their sentencing.
Bennett told the deputy that they knew the teen was underage and realized they had made a bad decision. They also asserted that they and the boy had not had sex before that day, authorities said.
Follow Chelsea on Twitter @chelseagorrow. Email chelsea.gorrow@registerguard.com.
" ... the spontaneous and improvisational nature ... provides an ambient space music experience of the highest order ... takes the listener on a mind expanding journey ... "
reviews
dodds wiley
ambient.us
Recorded in a single afternoon in 2001, this recording captures three talented electronic musicians in an incredible zone. The spontaneous and improvisational nature of these 14 tracks provides an ambient space music experience of the highest order, and takes the listener on a mind expanding journey. Intricate compositions moving back and forth from light to dark, coupled with crisp production provide for superb listening. Bold and majestic, this work often recalls some of the best space music of the seventies, but has little or no electronic percussion or sequencers. The sound is classic and elegant, but not derivative. Strongly recommended.
dene bebbington
wind and wire
The artists performing on Electronic Forest are new to me, I only wish I'd heard some of their recordings before because this is the kind of ambient music I'm getting increasingly enamoured with. This album is a great example of what I like to call immersion music as it works best when you can take time out just to immerse yourself in the music and let it suggest mental images consonant with the somewhat spooky sounds. Fourteen tracks, most of which roll into each other but also have their own identity, make up the album which is split into two suites separated by the sixth track Capricious (incidentally, the only one to contain vocals). It's difficult to tell all the instruments that are used, I get the impression that synths have been complemented by some processed sounds and effects. Layers of drifting reverbing sounds coupled with background drones go together to create soundscapes with an emotional edginess to them. Mostly it's a case of textured, sometimes quite abstract, flowing sounds but on occasion there's also a subtle melody lurking in there too. One thing I particularly like about Electronic Forest is the way it combines the sensibilities of minimal drifting ambient with a good variety of sonic expressions and feelings. Consider something like Thom Brennan 's work coupled with the more processed offerings of Diatonis and you'll have some idea of the style to expect from this album. Capricious is for me the most interesting piece, though that's not to say the other tracks aren't interesting and good listening. Anyway, after some blistering effects it settles down to where drones form a background against which a piano plays hauntingly, and eventually ghostly female vocals (by Tatiana Brainerd ) come and go. I couldn't help but imagine this track being the soundtrack to a scene in a film where someone walks through a large deserted house, possibly remembering times spent there in the past. It's a very atmospheric piece. Electronic Forest is a great example of flowing and layered ambient music that takes the listener on a journey through mind and sound, offering a vision to this reviewer of a spooky forest partly distorted by fog. It skilfully walks the line between overt darkness or lightness; listening to it is like entering a dream state where some things are only fuzzily recognisable. Ambient fans should relish it.
jim brenholts
Electronic Forest is a set of laid out minimalism from Matthew Florianz , Erik t' Sas and Joris de Man . The evolution of this e-music style is actually quite interesting and quite universal. It is easy to take it all the way back to Brian Eno in the mid 1970s but that is not the end. There are definite similarities to Brian s albums of that era. There are, however, stronger similarities to Sonic Seasonings , by Wendy Carlos . Taking giant leaps forward, Steve Roach and Robert Rich have experimented with dark minimalism as have Mathias Grassow and Alio Die . Mike Griffin launched Hypnos in the mid 1990s and the style flourishes to this day. This is one of the stronger efforts of this style. Matthew , Erik and Joris surround their drone with dark atmospheres, experimental sounds and subtle melodies. The soundscapes are totally organic and mystical. There are plenty of clues but no answers.
john sherwood
The first 50 copies of the album come with a bonus disc with extra material on it, this review however will concetrate on the the main Electronic Forest album itself. Packaging is somewhat simpler than GrijsGebied , being a normal CD jewel case with HS Recordings' trademark monochrome artwork. Perhaps this time to say that this is more of a normal HS release, than a uniquely packaged extravaganza like GrijGebied or OpenStage . Anyway, what about the music. Well although there are separate tracks listed, the album is actually organised as two 'suites' of continuous tracks separated by a single track, so you get two long pieces, with a shorter piece in between. The tracks in the suites are seamless, flowing one into the next, sometimes so cleanly that you don't realised that the track has in fact changed. Tracks 1 to 5 form Electronic Forest Suite 1, track 6 is the single piece Capricious , while tracks 7 to 14 form Electronic Forest Suite 2 Electronic Forest Suite 1 Shards - Beginning with a background ambience, the track gradually takes shape out of the darkness, like a shadow appearing through the trees, then taking form as it approaches. Then the most glorious flute-pad tells you that it's started. Chirping things in the background add to the sylvan flavour, but then disappear, leaving the flutes to play in the glade. Hidden - After a series of FM-like tones at the end of Shards it moves effortlessly into this track. Continuing the basic theme and atmosphere, the sound here is completely vast, like in some huge cave. Fire - The intensity builds up and up, like flames reaching towards the sky, being reborn as new, always upward. Built on a huge wedge of string-sound, with other sounds and metallic edges searing in the heat, this is like a huge ever-burning fire that consumes the listener, strange yet immortal, feelings and power. Shimmer - Taking the metallic theme as its basis, this now progresses into a shower of tiny particles, each reflecting the fire as it dies down. Sand - The amazing atmosphere continues, now on a higher plane, as octaved strings flood the wash. This is a truly beautiful piece, in my opinion the best on the album. Capricious - Night time, huge clang pianos, this could actually have been played in a huge cavern. Notes cascade out of the cave wall, like gushes of crystal water, splashing onto the rockfloor, cold, yet full of life. This track features the heavenly vocals of Tatiana Brainerd , neatly woven into the fabric of the music, maybe could be a little further forward, but still totally captivating, soothing against the hard piano, soft flesh against the rock wall. Electronic Forest Suite 2 Ritual - Opening gently with a background drone, setting the scene, a short track to begin this second journey. Magic - Building on the scene alreadt set, more elements drift in quietly, creating a dreamy atmosphere of short breaths and long shadows. The various parts interact, and create a truly magical feeling. Undergrowth - As darker tones creep in, a feeling of unease begins to pervade the scene, like a black cloud has covered the sun. We are looking down below, into the darker realms of the forest, where strange and ugly creatures live in the gloom, where the dank roots and pale ferns press together, some looking for the light, other avoiding it. Halo - Light break through, the light of heaven. We are lifted up into a beautiful glade, where love and peace are present, where the green carpet is illuminated by the light of life. Life - Continuing the theme, but more airy, with superb string-pad sounds coming in, and whitenoise washes breaking like waves on a primeval seashore, while that first fish climbs out of the sea, and enters the forest. Hunter - More ominous now, with the sharp percussive shots of the hunter's arrows reverberating, here some tinkling, now a twittering bird, the hunter is stealthy, only appearing when the time is right, then moving on. Electronic Forest - The title track, starting with a feeling of trepidation, then building, with new layers coming in, gorgeous high-register synth sounds sweep around the soundfield. Distant string-pads shimmer in the background, while the drone pays the theme, then all fades away. Smoke - Then it comes back from the near-silence, for a very quiet and short 'epilogue' track at the end. A sort of background ambience that swells up, then fades back into the blackness. Well, at the end of this journey you know you've listened to one of the best ambient albums ever released. Matthew and friends have for over an hour taken you into their picture of the Electronic Forest . You have been totally immersed in the most atmospheric musical description, drifted away into their world of tones and drones. The album as a whole holds together much better than GrijsGebied , in that whereas that was a collection of related pieces, each track separate, this is a complete piece in itself, in fact it's easy to forget where you are in it, and you need the track number display to get you back in sync with the titles. The main theme is there but very subdued, in that the album has a theme running through it, but it's more of an atmosphere than a melody, more of a feeling than a sequence. It is an evolution drawn in music and sounds, a sound-picture drawn from the pallette of ambient textures and softly played drifting notes. It takes you away into itself, the visual imagery it generates is striking, just let yourself float free into the music, close your eyes, and enter the Electronic Forest. It's a journey well worth making.
t.j. norris
electronicscene.com
Electronic Forest ( Matthew Florianz , Joris de Man and Erik t' Sas ) releases an orchestral ambient project that has a lightness of being. This one hour+ excursion is a multi-layered fusion of dark entries and smoky mazes. Having started the recording process in 2001, this young trio had many twists along the way before seeing their project surface. But as it does it glide right alongside works by vidnaObmana , Robert Rich and Saul Stokes . Sand is one of those tracks that has a luminosity akin to floating above a mirror, suspended by its own reflection. This is clearly the type of work that is indicative of collaboration with filmmakers and others. Blending synths and guitars with other sound hybrids these guys have set out to make music evocative of late night suspense and early morning foggy ambiguity.
media
electronic forest - session one
watch on vimeo
electronic forest - session two
Rick Joyner is under the impression that far-right domestic terrorist Timothy McVeigh was actually a “left-wing extremist” and that “the terrorist attacks that have taken place in this country if they have come from extremists they have come from the left-wing,” which proves that Joyner either knows absolutely nothing about McVeigh and domestic terrorism or is simply lying.
Joyner, who was speaking to televangelist Jim Bakker, continued by laughably claiming, “I am in the center, I am a moderate.”
Either promoting dominionism, blaming Hurricane Katrina on gay people, alleging that a secret cabal caused the 2008 economic crash to help Obama win the election and encouraging a “second American revolution” makes someone a moderate or Joyner's perceptions on centrism are a tad skewed.
They later reiterated the claim of their fellow “prophet” Bob Jones that “the number one most powerful terrorist organization in the world is not Al Qaeda, it is our media.”
Watch:
The protest movement in Egypt scored several victories on Friday, but did not actually succeed in getting President Hosni Mubarak to step down. Their accomplishments include:
1. The hundreds of thousands (the Egyptian Arabic press is saying a million nationwide) of demonstrators showed that they had not been cowed by the vicious attacks of Ministry of Interior goons on Wednesday and Thursday, which killed 7 and wounded over 1,000.
2. By their determination and steadfastness, they put the Egyptian army in the position of having to protect them from further attacks by the petty criminals and plainclothes secret police deployed by the Interior Ministry. The alternative would have been a bloodbath that could have destabilized the country and would have attracted further international condemnation.
3. They showed that they still have substantial momentum and that the cosmetic changes made in the government (switching out corrupt business people for authoritarian generals as cabinet ministers) have not actually met their demands for reform.
4. They showed that they are a broad-based, multi-class movement, with working-class Egyptians clearly making up a significant proportion of the crowd in Tahrir Square.
5. They demonstrated that they are a nation-wide movement, bringing hundreds of thousands out in Alexandria, Suez, Ismailiya, Mansoura, Luxor, Aswan and elsewhere.
6. They put pressure on the Obama administration to hold Mubarak's feet to the fire about an early departure.
7. They so reassured Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that they are the future of Egypt that they took the risk of calling for Mubarak to step down.
8. By making a Mubarak departure seem sure, they tempted new presidential candidates into the arena, as with the Secretary General of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, who visited the crowds at Tahrir Square to some acclaim.
9. The optimism created by crowd actions caused Nobel prize winner Mohamed Elbaradei to make an about-face and affirm that they would be willing to run for president if drafted.
10. Gave cover to to Ayman Nur of the Tomorrow (Ghad) Party and other leaders of opposition political parties to continue to demand Mubarak's departure.
Roger Stone: POTUS Should Revoke the ‘Credentials of CNN', 'Press Credentials Are Only For Real News Organizations' (VIDEO)
At a speaking event wherein Roger Stone mused about a variety of topics, they were questioned on daily press briefings and their necessity or lack thereof.
The question came from Rebel Media's D.C. Bureau Chief Jack Posobiec:
“Roger, given the state of the media today, what do you think about these daily press briefings? Should those be continued? Should some of it be changed? Or should the entire structure of that be changed?”
Roger responded with a sentiment shared by so many that are opposed to the media while utilizing their articulate eloquence and charm:
“Well, the press – the media – has a sense of entitlement, they think that they're somehow entitled to this, but the President, in fact, has the right to reorient this in any way they can. I guess if I were him, I'd start by revoking the credentials of CNN. See, press credentials are only for real news organizations. I don't have that we should continue the press briefings – I think the President, who is their own best spokesperson, should probably do a weekly briefing himself, that would be the most effective.”
You can watch the full video below:
Roger Stone – Revoke CNN's press creds and let Trump do the Press Briefings Himself pic.twitter.com/vmqeqcODTT — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) May 27, 2017
Snowdown is nearly here, and our friends over at J!NX are ready to roll out the latest goods in preparation for the holiday season. This includes a whole new line of League of Legends merch thats been endorsed by both International Steam Golem Society and the Association for Armordillo Preservation. Whether youre looking for a high-octane Blitzcrank hoodie to ward off the winter chill, a talking Rammus plushie* to keep you warm at night, or anything in between, we think youll find what youre after.
Heres a look at some of the new swag:
Head over to the J!NX store to get your holiday shopping started. If you miss out on the new LoL items, Veigar will leave you a lump of Dark Matter in your stocking this year.
* We personally guarantee that all Rammus plushies know exactly what to say to make you feel okay. **
** We assume no legal responsibility in the event that a Rammus plushie should fail to make you feel okay in certain emotional situations. Unexpected Armordillo encounters may actually result in feelings of high stress or anxiety, especially in or around wooded areas. Please consult the manufacturer in the event that your Rammus plushie begins to exhibit poor behavior or taunt other toys in your household.
This post is part of Marc H. Ellis's “Exile and the Prophetic” feature for Mondoweiss. To read the entire series visit the archive page.
With the High Holidays over, I need a breather. At least a change of direction.
I begin with the observation that most of the Jewish Left uses the High Holidays as a propaganda tool. Though not personally involved in religious observance, they utilize the High Holidays as an organizing tool. Since ordinary Jews relate to High Holidays – and Passover, too – why not exploit the symbols. Organizing 101.
I doubt this presumption is accurate. Many Jews have an acquaintance with the High Holidays through Jewish background, culture and the bare minimum of Jewish education. Non-Jewish neighbors who remind Jews of their holy days is probably as important as anything specifically Jewish.
What these holy days mean is unknown. But, in a highly educated way, this is true for most Rabbis, too. Other than the official ritual, Rabbis have become functionaries with renewable contracts. They know what to do.
The most important time of the Rabbi's year is Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. The Rabbi's job is to remind Jews who they are. But then, if the Rabbis don't have clue who they are outside of reminding Jews who they are, how can they advise Jews of a place beyond where we are?
It's a “circle the wagons” kind of thing – without knowing where anyone is going and why we're there in the first place. We don't even know who's really out there who wants to get us. The terms that are used – Palestinians, Arabs, Holocaust deniers, Iran as future Holocaust preparers – are largely mnemonic devices. Few Jews in the Pews have ever met any of these “types.” These types function as stand-ins.
Israel and Israelis function as mnemonic devices, too. Few Jews in the Pews have ever met any of these “types” either. Israel as a stand-in second only to the Holocaust. The percentage of living Jews who are true survivors of the Holocaust is small. The unreality of Holocaust discourse is highlighted when all Jews can be seen as survivors. Attending Holocaust commemorations is another highlight of this unreality.
I use “Jews in the Pews” as a Christian cross-referencing device just to orient our discussion. I am thinking now that the “Jews” in Jews in the Pews itself must be analyzed anew. What does this new evolution of Jewish mean?
We know about Jews on the run. That's a lot of Jewish history in one form or another. For Jews who have never been on the run and no longer know how to run to be taught that they are on the run – the meaning of this is unknown.
The unknown is here. If you checked the circle wagons you will find this question somewhere. That is, if anyone is allowed to speak. Or can speak, since the language of Jewish is so out of step with the reality of ordinary Jewish life that Jews can only speak in the “types” that have been given. The real surprise is that those with higher Jewish education, the Rabbis, can only “type speak,” too. This is where things get really scary.
In large part, we don't know what this out of context speak/teaching means for the Jewish psyche. Or we know, at least in partial fashion. Here it is as far as I can see: Jews who have never been on the run and don't know how to run are taught that they are on the run; this dissonance can only be maintained if Jews keep others on the run psychologically and physically. Keeping others on the run functions as a way of deflecting the underlying issue of what it means to be Jewish.
Those on the Jewish Left have regained part of their Jewishness by knowing that this Jewish equation is wrong – and by being on the run, again. The content of their Jewishness is exile and the prophetic. Many have reclaimed this specifically Jewish content precisely because other Jews claim a Jewishness highlighted by a false stability and an contextually absurd foundational identity.
Jewish uniqueness: Can you think of another world-view, let alone a religion, whose content essence is being on the run and periodically reclaims that essence by beginning to run again?
Knowing the wrong equation. As good a way of being Jewish ever devised. The only way of being Jewish when the wagons are circled and we are surrounded by “types” that we fear and have never met.
Knowing the wrong equation. The prophetic. No other content is needed to uncircle the wagons.
Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh's office says the state needs a speedy decision in a lawsuit against the light-rail Purple Line project. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Maryland Attorney General's Office says the state needs a speedy decision in all aspects of a lawsuit opposing the light-rail Purple Line project before it can appeal a recent ruling that could add months of more delay, according to a court brief filed Thursday.
The state's lawyers also reiterated that the Maryland Department of Transportation plans to suspend pre-construction work — surveying, soil borings and design — on the project June 1 and potentially cancel it completely by early August if the lawsuit continues to linger. (Whether June 1 is a serious deadline or merely part of a legal tactic is unclear. Mike Madden, a top Maryland planner on the Purple Line, told a reporter for the Bethesda Beat blog at a public meeting Wednesday: “If they do, I'm not aware of it. I don't know what the plan is at this point,” according to a recording of the conversation.)
The state made the legal arguments Thursday as part of asking the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to issue a “writ of mandamus” requiring the federal judge handling the case to decide the entire lawsuit by a certain date.
“At this point, only a decision on all issues on a date established by an order from this court will provide the state with the certainty needed to determine its path forward for the project,” the state wrote.
[Judge says Purple Line ridership projections gave short shrift to Metro's potential impacts]
That “path forward,” it said, consisted of three options: 1) ask an appellate court to restore the project's environmental approval to allow the state to secure $900 million in federal funding while an expedited appeal is considered, 2) have the state do more environmental analysis on the Purple Line, as the trial judge has so far required, 3) cancel the project.
The state said only the Federal Transit Administration may appeal a ruling Monday by U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon that would add months of delay by requiring the state to redo the Purple Line's ridership projections. The state may appeal only after Leon has ruled on the entire lawsuit, according to the filing. Without that ruling, the petition said, the Purple Line is “in limbo.”
Construction on the 16-mile line between Montgomery and Prince George's counties was scheduled to start in October but was delayed after Leon revoked the project's environmental approval in August, making it ineligible for federal funding.
The lawsuit — filed by two Chevy Chase residents and the Friends of the Capital Crescent Trail advocacy group — alleges that the Purple Line's environmental impact study had numerous flaws, including the fact that the project's ridership projections were done before Metro's ridership began to fall steadily due, in part, to regular safety and maintenance problems.
[Despite court fight, Trump administration continues to consider Purple Line for $900 million]
In a recent court filing, the plaintiffs said the case doesn't rise to the level of extraordinary circumstances required for an appellate court to impose deadlines on a trial court judge. Leon, they said, has been “conscientious” in handling the case, and their ruling on the ridership issue Monday makes the state's petition for a speedy decision “moot.”
The appellate court, they said, should disregard the state's arguments that every month of delay costs the project more than $13 million and the Purple Line's cancellation would cost the state more than $800 million in sunk costs and contract termination penalties. Any financial consequences would be “self-inflicted,” they said, because the state signed a $5.6 billion public-partnership almost two years after the lawsuit was filed in 2014.
“At bottom, Maryland's petition amounts to no more than a party's dissatisfaction with how a trial court is handling litigation,” the plaintiffs wrote.
The state countered that the state's financial losses would result from a delayed decision “in a case brought by a small group of people” who oppose a light-rail line that would be built near their homes.
“The state had no obligation to halt efforts to make this long-planned and much needed transportation facility a reality for its citizens simply because a lawsuit was filed,” the state said.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Richard Dawkins defended "mild pedophilia" in an interview this weekend. And while the quote itself is quite jarring, especially to those who look to Dawkins for their influential writings on atheism (but haven't noticed some of their other strange stances), it's far from the first time that the scientist has launched a defense of the behavior — or talked about their own abuse at the hands of boarding school teachers. First, here's what Dawkins said to The Times magazine, as condensed by the Religion News Service:
Referring to their early days at a boarding school in Salisbury, they recalled how one of the (unnamed) masters “pulled me on their knee and put their hand inside my shorts.” They said other children in their school peer group had been molested by the same teacher but concluded: “I don't think they did any of us lasting harm.” “I am very conscious that you can't condemn people of an earlier era by the standards of ours. Just as we don't look back at the 18th and 19th centuries and condemn people for racism in the same way as we would condemn a modern person for racism, I look back a few decades to my childhood and see things like caning, like mild pedophilia, and can't find it in me to condemn it by the same standards as I or anyone would today,” they said. They said the most notorious cases of pedophilia involve rape and even murder and should not be bracketed with what they called “just mild touching up.”
Their reasons for defending the behavior seem to focus on three points. First, that "hysteria" over a fear of pedophilia is overblown by society; second, that instilling a child with fundamentalist religious beliefs is actually a worse way to abuse a child; and third, that they personally overcame childhood sexual abuse, meaning it must not be that big of a deal for anyone else who was subjected to similar behavior.
In April of this year, Dawkins compared two forms of what they see as priestly abuse in an interview with Al Jazeera: sexual and theological. This exchange became pretty well-circulated in the conservative press.
They said:
There are shades of being abused by a priest, and I quoted an example of a woman in America who wrote to me saying that when they were 7 years old, they were sexually abused by a priest in their car. “At the same time, a friend of hers, also 7, who was of a Protestant family, died, and they were told that because their friend was Protestant, they had gone to hell and will be roasting in hell forever. “She told me, of those two abuses, they got over the physical abuse; it was yucky, but they got over it. But the mental abuse of being told about hell, they took years to get over. "
This line of thought goes back at least to 2006 for Dawkins, when they wrote "we live in a time of hysteria about paedophilia, a mob psychology that calls to mind the Salem witch-hunts of 1692," in their popular book the God Delusion. They continued:
All three of the boarding schools I attended employed teachers whose affections for small boys overstepped the bounds of propriety. That was indeed reprehensible. Nevertheless, if, fifty years on, they had been hounded by vigilantes or lawyers as no better than child murderers, I should have felt obliged to come to their defence, even as the victim of one of them (an embarrassing but otherwise harmless experience). The Roman Catholic Church has borne a heavy share of such retrospective opprobrium. For all sorts of reasons I dislike the Roman Catholic Church. But I dislike unfairness even more, and I can't help wondering whether this one institution has been unfairly demonized over the issue, especially in Ireland and America… We should be aware of the remarkable power of the mind to concoct false memories, especially when abetted by unscrupulous therapists and mercenary lawyers. The psychologist Elizabeth Loftus has shown great courage, in the face of spiteful vested interests, in demonstrating how easy it is for people to concoct memories that are entirely false but which seem, to the victim, every bit as real as true memories. This is so counter-intuitive that juries are easily swayed by sincere but false testimony from witnesses.
There's more. In 2012, a few conservative publications finally noticed what Dawkins wrote in 2006, and dredged it up. Dawkins then defended pedophilia, again, in defense of those earlier remarks:
I was myself sexually abused by a teacher when I was about nine or ten years old. It was a very unpleasant and embarrassing experience, but the mental trauma was soon exorcised by comparing notes with my contemporaries who had suffered it previously at the hands of the same master.
The following quote, from the same defense, drives home what's so off about Dawkins's argument here, beyond the knee-jerk recoiling of the idea of defending a pedophile. Dawkins, a scientist, relies on anecdotal evidence and speculation to "prove" their point:
Thank goodness, I have never personally experienced what it is like to believe – really and truly and deeply believe ­– in hell. But I think it can be plausibly argued that such a deeply held belief might cause a child more long-lasting mental trauma than the temporary embarrassment of mild physical abuse. Anecdotes and plausibility arguments, however, need to be backed up by systematic research, and I would be interested to hear from psychologists whether there is real evidence bearing on the question. My expectation would be that violent, painful, repeated sexual abuse, especially by a family member such as a father or grandfather, probably has a more damaging effect on a child's mental well-being than sincerely believing in hell. But ‘sexual abuse' covers a wide spectrum of sins, and I suspect that research would show belief in hell to be more traumatic than the sort of mild feeling-up that I suffered.
Dawkins gave the Times interview that put them back in the news this week in relation to their autobiography, by the way, comes out later this month.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
A Marine Corps drill instructor stands before recruits at the service's training center at Parris Island, S.C. (Cpl. Vanessa Austin/ Marine Corps)
A Marine Corps recruit who was hazed by their drill instructor suffered second- and third-degree chemical burns on their buttocks so severe that they needed skin grafts, according to documents newly released by the service.
The recruit's skin was “liquefied” at the service's storied boot camp at Parris Island, S.C., the documents said. The injuries occurred after they were ordered to perform unauthorized exercises under an upside-down laundry bin on a floor covered in bleach and required to stay in their wet pants for hours. The recruit reluctantly told another drill instructor about their burns that night, but stayed in training for a few more days. Their condition deteriorated after they were told that they would not be able to graduate with their peers if they sought medical attention.
When your experience at Marine Corps boot camp leads to skin grafts. An excerpt from the #FOIA docs I received. https://t.co/srJIFLJ9t4 pic.twitter.com/eLLnl0vOsu — Dan Lamothe (@DanLamothe) May 3, 2017
A Marine official previously disclosed that the drill instructor, former Sgt. Jeffrey VanDyke, was sentenced in 2014 to a year in military prison after being convicted at court-martial of numerous charges of cruelty and maltreatment, assault and failure to obey a lawful order in the case. But the severity of the recruit's December 2012 injuries, considered among the most egregious suffered by a recruit in years, has not previously been disclosed.
[‘They put us through hell': A Marine abused at boot camp explains why they spoke out]
The case was detailed among thousands of pages of documents released to The Washington Post through the Freedom of Information Act by the Marine Corps and the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS). Combined, they show that a hazing scandal that erupted last year at Parris Island following the death of a recruit, Pvt. Raheel Siddiqui, is part of a history that includes dozens of cases of hazing and abuse against recruits in the past five years.
Gen. Robert B. Neller, commandant of the Marine Corps, has said that hazing and abuse of recruits will not be tolerated. The service has responded to the cases that emerged last year by increasing the number of officers and drill instructors who oversee recruits and reemphasizing in training the responsibilities that go with supervising Marine recruits, said Capt. Joshua Pena, a Marine spokesperson.
Siddiqui, 20, died at Parris Island on March 18, 2016. They fell 40 feet over a railing after facing physical abuse from their drill instructor, Gunnery Sgt. Joseph Felix, according to military documents. Separately, Felix also is accused of putting another Muslim recruit in an industrial-sized clothes dryer and turning it on repeatedly in July 2015. They and another former drill instructor, Sgt. Michael K. Eldridge, face charges that include cruelty and maltreatment, being drunk and disorderly, failing to obey a lawful order and making false official statements in that case.
Raheel Siddiqui, 20, died at the Marine Corps recruit depot at Parris Island, S.C., while in initial training. (Courtesy the Siddiqui family)
VanDyke, who could not be reached for comment, was accused by numerous recruits and some other drill instructors of abusing recruits. They denied many of the allegations, but acknowledged to investigators that they had previously been removed from training for three days after grabbing a recruit by the throat.
VanDyke regularly struggled with their temper and coped with post-traumatic stress after a 2010 deployment to Afghanistan in which they treated civilians who were wounded, they told investigators. They took responsibility for any harm they caused the burned recruit, although they said they did not remember using bleach.
“I know I need to face the punishment because I have done wrong things,” VanDyke told investigators. “Whatever punishment is deemed appropriate, I will accept. I know my career as a Marine is over, which I hate because I love being a Marine and fighting for my country.”
The burned recruit did everything they could to continue training, applying burn cream repeatedly even as they performed exercises and went to the rifle range. Eventually, the pain was too much and received treatment from doctors on base and nearby hospitals.
The recruit told an NCIS agent that they initially felt sympathetic toward VanDyke, but eventually grew angry about what occurred. The incident, they told the agent, was a “black stain” on their career because they got their drill instructor in trouble, according to a report filed by the agent.
At least 20 other hazing investigations involving drill instructors have been detailed by the Marine Corps and released through the Freedom of Information Act in the last few weeks in a rolling fashion.
[Marine drill instructor accused of running a clothes dryer with a Muslim recruit inside]
In one case that has not previously been disclosed, a drill instructor in San Diego faced charges of abusive sexual contact, cruelty and maltreatment and failure to obey a lawful order in an investigation begun in April 2014. The case stemmed from an incident in which the Marine ordered several dozen recruits who had not been hustling enough for their liking to run back and forth in a shower room and squash together against its walls repeatedly, even though many of them were naked.
Recruits expressed mixed feelings about the treatment, with some saying they were uncomfortable or offended by the skin-on-skin contact and others saying they did not think it was a big deal.
“During the incident I felt uncomfortable and like I was not a man, because it was humiliating,” one recruit said in an interview. “I know I would never let something like this happen if I was in control of the situation.”
The service ultimately dropped the charge of abusive sexual contact and punished the Marine administratively for the two other charges they faced. They lost $1,854 in wages, was placed on restriction for two months and separated from the service, according to service documents. They were not identified publicly because they did not face a criminal trial.
In another case in San Diego, a drill instructor was accused of physically assaulting numerous recruits, and nearly strangling some of them. The case was closed in January 2016 with the service finding the Marine guilty at summary court-martial of assault and not obeying a lawful order.
They were put on restriction for 60 days, demoted a rank to corporal, docked $1,656 in pay and reassigned to another job in the service away from the drill field. Their name was withheld in documents released by the Marine Corps.
Marine Corps drill instructors conduct gear inspections with recruits on pick-up day, aboard Marine Corps Recruit Depot, San Diego, Calif. (YouTube/Marines)
Related on Checkpoint:
Marine drill instructors accused of using a ‘dungeon' on recruits and drinking on the job
‘I'm going to kill you.' The often-forgotten boot camp scandals that dot Marine Corps history
Marine Corps ousts Parris Island recruit training commander after death of recruit
Organised mob violence is not new to India. But at the heart of the current wave of lynching is a new political emotion promoted by a craftily nurtured project that targets those who dissent from the restrictions imposed by self-styled conscience keepers of “society”.
The mood of the nation, at present, is to explain its dealings with one another in the religious language of righteousness and sin. Eating beef is sin. Public display of love is a sin -- unless it is towards your nation.
This new emotion has its roots in outrage and hatred and its closest ancestor is the honour-based eye-for-an-eye kind of emotion of ancient times.
How did we get here?
It is not as if lynching was never reported in India. According to an October 27, 1985 report in The Statesman, Communist-led West Bengal witnessed a wave of such violence in the Eighties. During 1982-84 a total of 482 incidents of mob lynching claiming 635 lives were reported from the Communist state. These were particularly on account of the public losing faith in the law and order machinery and deciding to take matters in their own hands.
But this present wave is very different.
The Dadri lynching, as it has come to be known after the killing of an elderly Muslim man Mohammad Akhlaq in September 2015, was the beginning. The incident is critical to understanding the character of present lynching culture.
Individual acts of ‘rebellion' inside the comfort and safety of one's home were the first threat to this new project -- such as a young girl choosing their life partner who may be from another religion -- which decrees that such decisions should be left to the collective moral authority of society.
Aklaq's crime was that the conscience-keepers of society thought they had beef in their house. A sin according to them, which ought to be punished. The message was clear: individual freedom is not above the collective conscience of society. Any act beyond the culturally-sanctioned walls erected in an ancient era is one that the defenders of this new project disapprove of, in public or private.
How did society concede this space?
A democratic nation committed to human dignity and following the Constitution is an effective deterrent to lawless tribalism. But the participants of this new ‘nation-building project' emphasise that legal recourse based on Constitutionalism is long-winded and time-consuming. Faced with this question of choice between the futilities of liberal (also read alien) principles based on the Constitution and defending the current project of saving society from a perceived imminent threat, the instant system appears preferable. Vigilantism has now gained legitimacy.
India's foremost public intellectual, Pratap Bhanu Mehta, has said: “These kinds of incidents always inhabited the realm of religious intolerance zone. Now it has entered a Constitutional and political realm and is finding acceptance. This is the first time we are seeing mainstreaming of such philosophy.”
This new attitude has been encouraged by public rhetoric, by the attitude of political leaders, by local loyalties and is to be coercively imposed. A democratic progressive nation has a Constitutional duty to protect individual freedom – but this is on a direct collision path with the current project. In this new national project, individual self-expression and dissent are strongly discouraged and “moral control” and unanimity strongly encouraged.
The narrative of an ideal society is based on a misplaced pride in ancient glory and a narrow interpretation of “Indian culture”, not on the Constitutional reflection of pluralism and the Constitutional idea of what an ideal society should be.
The challenge to this narcissist narrative is a counter narrative based on extending sympathy and building a decent society according to the principles of the Constitution, the only written document of vision of an aspiring Indian society. No doubt, the Indian Constitution also talks about a ban on cow slaughter as one of its objectives, however, it is in a manner that befits a progressive democratic society of the 21st century.
How do the vigilantes defend this new ‘nation-building project' from being derailed?
Creating a nation with no dissent
That is where the precursor to street vigilantism has played an important role. In social media platforms, ‘mob lynching' over dissent or expressions of free speech has been going on for a long time -- and is still continuing. But now the theatre has shifted to the streets.
This was facilitated by a slyly-constructed narrative of nationalism -- a hybrid of patriotism and Hindutva.
The symbols of patriotism are powerful tools for arousing emotions once the public is able to relate to them. These symbols can also be cultivated by repetition since by their very nature human beings resonate to an image or thought that it is repeatedly echoed.
A map of mob violence and lynchings reported since the Dadri incident
In order to promote a new public attitude, a narrative was built around symbols that attracted such sentiments: the Army, a symbol of a just institution which therefore cannot be criticized; the Cow, a sacred symbol equivalent to your mother, which must be protected at all costs, and the National Anthem, a symbol of pride, which must be respected. A violation of these symbols can evoke extreme reactions of public emotion which are sanctioned by the tacit support of the political leadership.
Besides promoting these symbols of patriotism, the new narrative has been successful in promoting a stereotype of enemies of patriotism. It is tapping into the historical conflict between two communities, the Hindus and Muslims, and has painted the minority community as less patriotic. But the real success of this narrative is tainting dissent as anti-national. For instance, since the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) sedition row, there were many reports of heckling of students from this institution. When extreme emotions are aroused in the public, anyone who fits the anti-national profile becomes the target. So Pehlu Khan was lynched to death for transporting cattle – but their Hindu driver was spared.
These public emotions have not been discovered yesterday as we saw with the example of West Bengal in the 1980s. They were prevalent but the intervention of society, condemnation and action by the State stabilised it. Remember the Graham Staines incident in 1999 where the Christian missionary and their two sons of 10 and six years were burnt alive by a mob in the name of conversion. Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the then prime minister, also from the BJP, termed it a “ghastly act” and launched a speedy investigation.
But by crippling dissent and blurring the principle of separation of church and state, such interventions have been made virtually impossible. The political followers and the bureaucracy are quick to pick up signals from those leading them. Try and put together the sequence of the following images. One, in February 2016, a political activist came to hear the sedition trial of JNU students in Patiala court, right in the heart of India's power centre, and was beaten by lawyers as a contingent of the police looked on. Second, a year later, on May 18, in Jharkhand, a man, face covered in blood, asked for their life to be spared with folded hands as a mob brutally attacked them in the presence of the police. In both these incidents the state machinery became a mute spectator.
Pratap Bhanu Mehta says, “Even the hypocrisy of the top leadership set the norm. Condemning these violent incidents even for the sake of it can influence the followers on the ground, which is lately absent.”
Silence or condolence messages with riders such as “not all cow vigilantes are bad” only reconfirm that the political leadership is unsympathetic towards disrespect to the new narrative, the newly energised symbols of patriotism. Compassion is an act of cowardliness in these situations. Perhaps this explains why the vigilantes or the mobs now record their acts even as the victim pleads with folded hands or is bullied out of a movie theatre for failing to respect the “national anthem”. It is a reminder: compassion is not for those who disrespect this new ‘nation-building' process.
As the list of symbols and ‘enemies' of these symbols increases every day, the virulent lynch culture seems here to stay – at least in the near future.
First Published: Jun 11, 2017 09:22 IST
The US Coastguard has managed to lose 4,000 pounds of cocaine after making the biggest bust of its kind off California's shores. A successful raid on a self-made submarine used to smuggle drugs last month ended with part of the cargo sinking into the abyss.
After seizing a “self-propelled semi-submersible vessel” with 16,000 pounds of cocaine on board, the authorities loaded some 12,000 pounds off it to take it to shore. The rest of the illegal cargo sunk, authorities claimed, as the crew of the Coast Guard Cutter Stratton from Alameda was towing the sub to shore.
“After removing 12,000 pounds of the narcotics aboard, the crew of Stratton attempted to tow the vessel to shore as evidence,” the Coast Guard said in a press release. “However, the semi-submersible began taking on water and sank.”
The lost illegal cargo now allegedly lies under some 13,000-feet of water.
The 40-foot vessel was first detected by US Navy aircraft more than 200-miles south of Mexico's border, before the the Coast Guard apprehended the boat in US waters on July 18. The boat, operated by four suspected smugglers, contained approximately 275 bales of cocaine worth more than $181 million at the time of the bust.
Despite the multi-million dollar sinking fiasco, the Coast Guard praised its servicemen ability to secure US borders.
“Our success intercepting this drug-laden, self-propelled semi-submersible is a testament to the collaboration of our partner agencies, and demonstrates the importance of our increased presence in the Western Hemisphere,” said Vice Adm. Charles W. Ray, commander, Pacific Area. “Every interception of these semi-submersibles disrupts transnational organized crime networks and helps increase security and stability in the Western Hemisphere.”
The amateur-made subs are extremely difficult to detect as they are mostly submerged with only a cockpit and an exhaust pipe slightly noticeable above the surface. Since November 2006 the Coast Guard has 25 known semi-submersible interdictions stationed in the Pacific. The July 18 seizure was the largest recorded such interdiction in Coast Guard history.
READ MORE: High seas: Coast Guard shows off 14 tons of captured cocaine
The crew of Cutter Stratton in particular has been successful at disrupting 15 different drug smuggling attempts since April. In June the US Coast Guard vessel has seized another similar vessel carrying 5,460 pounds. Overall, since May, the Coast Guard credits Stratton with having disrupted the smuggling attempts of more than 33,000 pounds of cocaine worth more than $540 million.
It's now crystal clear that Donald Trump's pledge to "Make America Great Again" depends in large measure on protecting U.S. businesses like Boeing from any competition, whenever possible and apparently at any cost.
Canadian trade negotiators are no doubt aware of that as they continue to negotiate a more modern version of NAFTA, including a better way to resolve disputes with their American and Mexican counterparts.
This week's decision by the U.S. Commerce Department to slap a 220 per cent countervailing duty on Bombardier's CSeries commercial jet is not only far more than Boeing sought, it threatens to damage relations with valued allies, hurts U.S.-based airlines interested in buying the new jets and threatens tens of thousands of jobs in several countries.
Whose rules?
A decision on whether to levy even more duties is expected next week.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says 'The U.S. values its relationship with Canada, but even our closest allies must play by the rules.' (Vincent Yu/Associated Press) "The U.S. values its relationship with Canada, but even our closest allies must play by the rules," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said Tuesday in a news release.
OK. Let's talk about those "rules.''
The first thing to realize is that the Trump administration is prepared to impose crippling duties upon request.
"The current administration has a different view of protectionism," says Dan Ikenson, director of the Center for Trade Policy Studies at the Cato Institute in Washington, DC.
The president and Ross take the view, they add, that the U.S. is owed something by the rest of the world.
What about Boeing's tax breaks?
"By that they mean we are the United States. The benevolent giant. We have done a lot for the world over the past 75 years, which means everybody needs to abide by the rules of the trading system. But if we fudge the rules, that's OK."
Boeing, for example, is the beneficiary of billions of dollars in tax breaks and incentives offered by various levels of government in the U.S. That support remains at the heart of a 13-year battle between the company and Europe's Airbus, each company accusing the other of living off the avails of government.
Now Boeing is looking north, complaining to the U.S. government that Bombardier is undercutting its domestic market with the help of subsidies from the Quebec and federal governments.
Not surprisingly, governments here don't see it that way.
Quebec calls its support an investment. The federal government calls its $373 million in aid a "repayable contribution" for research and development.
Alain Bellemare, left, president and CEO of Bombardier Inc., and Ed Bastian, right, CEO of Delta Air Lines, shake hands in front of a Delta-branded Bombardier CSeries on April 28, 2016. Delta has argued it can't get a comparable jet from Boeing. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press)
But with Trump, Boeing has found its Galahad. The man who intends to make America great again by erecting new, and ever more punishing, barriers to competition from abroad, whether it's softwood lumber or milk.
And now airplanes.
Delta isn't happy
Never mind that U.S.-based Delta Air Lines told the U.S. government that it bought the CSeries aircraft because Boeing doesn't even make a similar-sized commercial jet.
"They did not have a plane that satisfied our mission profile and needs," said Greg May, a senior vice-president at Delta.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, right, and British Prime Minister Theresa May met on Sept. 18 in Ottawa. May has asked the Trump administration not to take steps that would threaten Bombardier jobs in Northern Ireland. (Justin Tang/Canadian Press)
Never mind that another ally, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, has twice urged Trump to head off this dispute.
Bombardier employs nearly 5,000 workers in Northern Ireland and thousands of others at various suppliers in the region. The area is represented by Democratic Union MPs whose support is crucial to May's minority government.
What is this agreement worth? What are the chapters on conflict settlements worth when unilateral decisions can be made to close borders selectively? - David Chartrand, International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
On Wednesday, the British government reminded Boeing directly that it is also a significant client.
"Boeing has significant defence contracts with us and still wants to win further contracts," U.K. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said at a news conference. "This is not the behaviour we expect."
Canada, too, is threatening to cancel plans to spend nearly $5 billion to buy Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets.
But here's the biggest head scratcher.
Lots of U.S. jobs depend on Bombardier
More than 50 per cent of the value in the CSeries planes comes from the U.S., says Bombardier spokesperson Bryan Tucker, which translates to 22,000 American jobs building engine parts, the flight deck, the avionics systems and brakes.
"What's important in all of this is how integrated the supply chains are in North America," Tucker said. "There is a complex business. It's not pinto beans or sheet aluminum here — this a high value-added industry."
Boeing, of course, employs thousands of Canadians in its plants here.
Jobs with both companies, on two continents, are now less secure.
So now what?
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland met Boeing International president Marc Allen last Thursday in New York. More meetings are likely.
Foreign Affairs Minister Crystia Freeland says there is "nothing new" with United States trying to implement its commerce policy in an "aggressive" way, and says those tactics are separate from ongoing NAFTA modernization negotiations. 2:21
They also expressed Canada's objections during the NAFTA negotiations taking place this week in Ottawa.
Those discussions, already difficult, may now be an even tougher sell at home.
"What is this agreement worth? What are the chapters on conflict settlements worth when unilateral decisions can be made to close borders selectively?" asked David Chartrand, the Quebec coordinator of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers.
How disputes are solved a key issue
Ikenson says the Boeing dispute highlights the pressing need to change the way disputes are resolved. Their advice to Canada is that the country would be better off relying on the U.S. courts to resolve these kinds of disputes.
Canada, of course, is fighting for just the opposite — to preserve the independent dispute resolution process. That's not going to change, especially when the Trump administration believes protectionism is a big part of the plan to make America great again.
Praise
“Each year Lee Child comes up with another Reacher. Each year I lap it up. Love it . . . Here, there is something subversive as well as page-turning. . . . I don't know another author so skilled at making me turn the page, at putting me in the thick of it all.”—The Times
“Reacher is the purest distillation of the white knight in contemporary mystery fiction. This novel is a tightly plotted ride with characters who will break your heart and linger after you close the book.”—Mystery Scene
“Reacher [is] one of the most alluring and popular characters in contemporary fiction. . . . As always in a Child novel, pace is fast, twists and turns surprise, characters are well-developed, dialogue is exactly right, and the plot is very plausible. . . . Highly entertaining . . . This one is among the best [in the series]. It doesn't matter in what order you read them since each stands entirely on its own.”—The Washington Times
“A timely, affecting, suspenseful and morally complex thriller. . . . One of the best thrillers I've read this year.”—The Washington Post
“Jack Reacher has become arguably the most iconic fictional hero we have.”—Men's Health
“Compelling and moving . . . bold and mysterious.”—Associated Press
“This, Child's twenty-second book in the series, has heart to spare, and it proves the franchise has plenty of gas left in its tank.”—Minneapolis Star-Tribune
“Compulsively readable.”—Publishers Weekly (starred review)
“[A] multifaceted novel about dealing with the unthinkable . . . It's automatic: Reacher gets off a bus, and Child lands on the New York Times bestseller list.”—Booklist
“The book is very smart . . . [and] suggests something that has not been visible in the series' previous entries: a creeping sadness in Reacher's wanderings that, set here among the vast and empty landscapes of Wyoming, resembles the peculiarly solitary loneliness of the classic American hero. This return to form is also a hint of new ground to be covered.”—Kirkus Reviews
“Child does a stellar job this time by not following their customary formula; their usually stoic hero who rarely displays softness and compassion is hit hard emotionally by this case.”'—Library Journal (starred review)
CSS, one of Switzerland's biggest health insurers, said on Saturday it had received a “very positive” response so far to its pilot project, launched in July, which is monitoring its customers' daily movements.
The MyStep project, developed in conjunction with the University of St Gallen and the Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) Zurich, is using digital pedometers to track the number of steps taken by 2,000 volunteers until the end of the year, synchronizing that data with an online portal on the CSS website.
The project, the first of its kind in Europe by an insurer, “should reveal whether and how insurance companies can introduce an appropriate offer tailored to customers' needs,” Volker Schmidt, head of technology at CSS, said in a statement.
The pilot also aims to discover to what extent insured people are willing to disclose their personal data, and whether self-monitoring encourages them to be more active in everyday life, pushing them to take 10,000 steps a day.
“So far the response has been very positive”, Schmidt told newspaper Blick on Saturday.
At the moment digital tools can only legally be used with those taking out supplementary insurance, but Schmidt feels such technology could also benefit Switzerland's compulsory basic insurance.
“Given the increased cost of healthcare, we will inevitably have to promote individual responsibility in order to strengthen solidarity between insured people,” they told the paper.
The implication is that people who refuse to be monitored will be subject to higher premiums, said Blick.
Peter Ohnemus of Dacadoo, a company specializing in collecting health data, agrees that digital tools could be useful to insurers and push people to take responsibility for their health.
“There's no solidarity if someone who does a lot of sports and takes care of their health has to pay the same high premiums as someone who smokes, drinks and drives and does not play sports,” they told Blick.
Fitness wristbands such as Fitbit are just the beginning of a revolution in healthcare, believes Ohnemus.
“Eventually we will be implanted with a nano-chip which will constantly monitor us and transmit the data to a control centre,” they said.
Obesity in Switzerland now costs the health service eight billion francs a year, according to figures from the Federal Office of Public Health, rising from 2.7 billion in 2002.
[image-36]
NASA has given a green light to a group of citizen scientists attempting to breathe new scientific life into a more than 35-year old agency spacecraft.
The agency has signed a Non-Reimbursable Space Act Agreement (NRSAA) with Skycorp, Inc., in Los Gatos, California, allowing the company to attempt to contact, and possibly command and control, NASA's International Sun-Earth Explorer-3 (ISEE-3) spacecraft as part of the company's ISEE-3 Reboot Project. This is the first time NASA has worked such an agreement for use of a spacecraft the agency is no longer using or ever planned to use again.
The NRSAA details the technical, safety, legal and proprietary issues that will be addressed before any attempts are made to communicate with or control the 1970's-era spacecraft as it nears the Earth in August.
"The intrepid ISEE-3 spacecraft was sent away from its primary mission to study the physics of the solar wind extending its mission of discovery to study two comets." said John Grunsfeld, astronaut and associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA headquarters in Washington. "We have a chance to engage a new generation of citizen scientists through this creative effort to recapture the ISEE-3 spacecraft as it zips by the Earth this summer."
Launched in 1978 to study the constant flow of solar wind streaming toward Earth, ISEE-3 successfully completed its prime mission in 1981. With remaining fuel and functioning instruments, it then was redirected to observe two comets. Following the completion of that mission, the spacecraft continued in orbit around the sun. It is now making its closest approach to Earth in more than 30 years.
The goal of the ISEE-3 Reboot Project is to put the spacecraft into an orbit at a gravitationally stable point between Earth and the sun known as Lagrangian 1 (L1). Once safely back in orbit, the next step would be to return the spacecraft to operations and use its instruments as they were originally designed. ISEE-3's close approach in the coming weeks provides optimal conditions to attempt communication. If communications are unsuccessful, the spacecraft will swing by the moon and continue to orbit the sun.
NASA has shared technical data with these citizen scientists to help them communicate with and return data from ISEE-3. The contributions of any citizen science provided by the spacecraft, if it is successfully recovered, depend on the current condition of its instruments. New data resulting from the project will be shared with the science community and the public, providing a unique tool for teaching students and the public about spacecraft operations and data gathering. The data also will provide valuable information about the effects of the space environment on the 36-year old spacecraft.
The ISEE-3 mission opened new pathways for scientific exploration, helping scientists better understand the sun-Earth system, which at its most turbulent can affect satellites around Earth and disrupt our technological infrastructure.
To learn more about the ISEE-3 Reboot Project, visit:
http://spacecollege.org/isee3
To learn more about ISEE-3, visit:
http://go.nasa.gov/1mSskQs
-end-
Memories fade, but Aboriginal elders on mission to identify historic Noonkanbah protestors
Updated
The pioneers of the Aboriginal land rights movement in the Kimberley are working off a faded photograph to try to identify people who took part in the Noonkanbah land rights protests, which galvanised Indigenous resistance in the region almost 40 years ago.
The iconic image was taken in 1978 and shows dozens of Aboriginal people marching across the dusty paddocks of Noonkanbah Station, in protest against plans by American company AMEX to drill for oil near sacred sites.
John Darraga Watson, now aged in their 80s, has been identified as one of the blurry figures holding a large banner reading 'No Mining on Sacred Land'.
They said while their memory was growing foggier, the day remained clear in their mind.
"We were sitting at the river and we nearly got run over, nearly got cleaned up by the big truck," they said.
"The police came, took us to jail, two hours they put us away.
"That day I was surprised you know, that all the people came together … all the Aboriginal people was there, we never had lawyers, so we were just our own people.
"That's why we all [keep] going back to that day, when the [traditional] law people set up the Kimberley Land Council."
Violent clashes part of two-year dispute
The photo was taken towards the start of a dispute that would drag on for two years, after then-WA premier Charles Court ordered oil company AMEX to proceed with its exploration program, despite the objections of the Yungngora people.
There were violent clashes as convoys of drilling trucks and police pushed through the protest barricades.
The dispute was the catalyst for the creation of the Kimberley Land Council, which is running the photography history project ahead of its 40th anniversary celebrations.
Chairman Anthony Watson, son of John Darraga Watson, said so far 38 of the 50 figures in the photograph had been identified.
"It's pretty hard now because a lot of them have moved on or passed away," they said.
"But it means a lot because it was a significant time and era, and it's a reminder that lots of our elders, while they didn't know how to read and write, they had their cultural rights and actually stood up against the Australian Government."
Anthony Watson remembers it as a tumultuous time.
"I wanted to go with my dad to the march … but they told me they were going to get arrested, and it will be too dangerous for me to go along.
"So I had to stay home and go to school."
Among the children who did attend was Tom Putuparri Lawford, a Wangkatjungka man who is seen skipping ahead of the banners as a 10-year-old.
"To me that photograph is very strong, it is a strong picture," they said.
"It reminds us of the way our people were in them days, that they fought for our country.
"At that time, being a kid, I didn't know that much, but looking back now, as I get older, that picture, it sends out a message to all Aboriginal people — do not touch Aboriginal country, it's sacred and it should be left alone."
Fight moves to the courtroom
The Noonkanbah scenes were repeated more than three decades later in the Kimberley when some Aboriginal families, opposed to an LNG precinct planned at James Price Point, clashed with Woodside workers and police at picket lines.
But Anthony Watson said the battleground for land rights was now largely in the courtroom.
"At least now there is better engagement, and better respect towards laws that are put in place with the native title law," they said.
"We need to win more cases — a lot of the system with the native title actually work against us, but it's something that we can build on and try and strengthen a lot of our rights."
Twelve figures in the Noonkanbah march photo remain unidentified and, with memories fading and many protestors deceased, their names may never be known.
John Darraga Watson is now an old man, and their brow furrows as their daughter Leela prompts them in Nyikina language to recall the faces.
"There are only a few people here that I know … I feel sad," they said.
"All my leaders are all gone. And some of the young ones are gone too."
Topics: land-rights, people, indigenous-other-peoples, fitzroy-crossing-6765
First posted
Former DeKalb County Superior Court candidate Michael Rothenberg pleaded guilty Wednesday to diverting more than $1.35 million in investment money for their campaign and their own personal use.
Rothenberg, 35, faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
The U.S. Attorney's Office said Rothenberg used an elaborate scheme to get the owners of WinterHawk Energy and Development Corporation, also known as WinterHawk, to invest $1.35 million into a trust account they controlled.
Rothenberg promised that the account would build interest and involved no risk, officials said.
Over time, Rothenberg sent WinterHawk fabricated bank statements all while spending the money on their 2012 campaign to become a DeKalb County Superior Court judge, prosecutors said. They ultimately lost that election.
“Investment fraud schemes often have at their core individuals who appear very credible,” Mark F. Giuliano, a spokesperson for the Atlanta FBI Office, said in a statement. “These schemes often end with those individuals being revealed as greedy and uncompassionate for those devastated investors whose trust they betrayed. Today's guilty plea will ensure that Mr. Rothenberg will be held accountable for their criminal actions.”
Rothenberg is expected to be sentenced in November.
I spent the past week in a windowless room in Vienna, and had a really interesting and enjoyable time. I went as part of the SGAC delegation to the UN Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS) Legal Subcommittee (LSC). This was my third LSC, although my first as co-lead of the SGAC Space Law and Policy Project Group, and my fourth to COPUOS itself (my first trip to the UN in Vienna was for the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee). I always enjoy LSC but this year was particularly interesting.
COPUOS is the UN body primarily responsible for space governance and has been active since 1959, the dawn of the space age. There are two subcommittees, the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee and the Legal Subcommittee which report to the full committee which itself reports to the Fourth Committee of the UN General Assembly. COPUOS has been the source of all five space law treaties, as well as a host of resolutions. UNOOSA (United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs) serves as the Secretariat and has a plethora of information on its website.
The big ticket item this year was the new agenda item on space resources (ie space mining) although there was also a new agenda item on small satellites which was quite popular. I'm not going to delve into any great detail about what was discussed this week otherwise this post will drag on for ages but I'm simply going to outline a few thoughts about space resources, small satellites, the definition and delimitation of outer space and COPUOS in general. I only attended the first week of the Legal Subcommittee, therefore my attention is naturally focused on that which was discussed during that week.
As should probably be expected space mining was a popular and controversial topic at this year's COPUOS. There was quite a bit of concern expressed by a number of states at the ‘unilateral' nature of the US 2015 law[1], and Luxembourg's proposed space mining law[2]. These states state that space mining either can only or should only be authorised by a multilateral international legal regime. The US and Luxembourg contented that they were merely upholding their obligations under Article VI of the Outer Space Treaty to ‘authorise and supervise' space activities conducted by their nationals and that the widely permissive nature of the Outer Space Treaty allows for space mining. There was also considerable discussion of what exactly constitutes national appropriation and whether you can separate a resource from the celestial body it is found in (legally speaking, of course you can physically separate them!) This discussion was aided by, and to some degree took place during, the excellent European Centre for Space Law/International Institute of Space Law (ECSL/IISL) symposium that took place on Monday afternoon, slides of which can be found here. IISL also presented their space mining study which can be accessed here.
Beyond the legal questions of space mining there were also concerns about the equity of it. Developing states in particular are concerned that once again they will miss out on a mineral ‘bonanza' that will only exacerbate the divide between developed and developing states. Discussion of this topic centres on the notion that space, and its resources, is a global common that belongs to all of humanity, or in the language of the outer space treaty, that space is the ‘province of all humankind.' What exactly this means is not, and has never been clear, there are certainly those who want some kind of profit sharing mechanism or technology transfer between developed and developing states but, simply put, this isn't going to happen. However there is, and has been for sometime, growing acceptance that the meaning of ‘for the benefit' and ‘in the interests' of all and the phrase ‘province of all humankind' which are included in the Outer Space Treaty, can have broader, less concrete meanings. After all satellites provide a plethora of benefits to hundreds of millions of people all over the world, GPS, communications, and weather satellites, to name just a few, have transformed our world and daily lives.
Small satellites were also touched upon this year. There are several concerns regarding small satellites. These range form concerns that they're not being registered properly, or even at all, to their potential to exacerbate the orbital debris problem. There is also concern, again particularly from developing states at the ‘oversaturation' of spectrum that may occur. This ties in with two other ‘new topics' that were briefly touched upon last week, mega constellations and on-orbit servicing. Given the fact that both of these issues are more immediate than the issue of space mining they really need to be given more attention than they are. I certainly understand the appeal of the space mining issue, it is my PhD topic after all but small satellites, mega constellations and on-orbit servicing is going to be of considerably more importance during the next thirty years than space mining. I have already touched on some of the issues related to mega constellations in my previous post but will certainly find time to revisit space mining, small satellites, mega constellations, and on-orbit servicing in future posts.
Finally, as there has been for the past fifty years, there was discussion of the definition and delimitation of outer space. There are essentially two schools of thought on this issue. The first is known as the spatial approach and would see space as being defined as starting at say 100km above sea level. The alternative approach is the ‘functional' approach and would make the distinction based on the nature of the activities. So a spaceplane going to the ISS, for example, would be a space activity but the same type of vehicle configured for hypersonic passenger transport between say London and Sydney with an apogee of 120km in order to reduce transit time to four or so hours would be considered an air activity. This could potentially be important as the regulatory regimes, particularly with regards to liability, are rather different for air and space. For what it is worth, I favour the functional approach, although there are those, such as the US, who say this is essentially a non-issue and there is merit to that view at present. This is another topic worthy of greater detail than can be provided here.
Attending COPUOS is always an interesting experience and this year proved no different. And I'm grateful to Minoo Rathnasabapathy and SGAC for the opportunity and look forward to next year.
Further information on the Legal Subcommittee, COPUOS and UNOOSA can be found on the UN website, and indeed there are full audio recordings of the sessions available here. Furthermore, I would recommend checking out Secure World Foundation's excellent Handbook for New Space Actors which can be downloaded here. And my PowerPoint presentation on the work of SGAC's Space Law and Policy Project Group can be found here.
[1]US Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, Public Law 114-90, 114th Congress, 25 November 2015, 51 U.S.C (Title IV): https://www.congress.gov/114/plaws/publ90/PLAW-114publ90.pdf
[2]Luxembourg Ministry of the Economy (2016) Luxembourg's New Space Law Guarantees Private Companies the Right to Resources Harvested in Outer Space in Accordance with International Law Available at: http://www.gouvernement.lu/6481433/11-presentation-spaceresources (Accessed 28 January 2017)
Advertisements
Numerous researches throughout the years have actually measured different average penis size. The research studies where males gauged penis dimension by themselves and also reported back the results to the researches have considerably greater average than those where measuring was done by scientists themselves. This likewise refers some studies which have actually revealed lots of males who considered their penis to be much less than standard in size to be, actually, average-sized.
Generally, the size remains in the period in between 13-15 centimeters (5.1-5.9 inches) in erected state and also 9-10 cm (3.5-3.9 inches) in drooping state. The ordinary girth is 12.6 cm (4.9 inches) in erected state. There is no relationship between the size in flaccid and also erected state. Studies have additionally located no relationship in between penis dimension as well as race, therefore turning down the widely believed myths of some groups having bigger penises than various other. On the other hand, research studies have actually found circumcised men to have 8 mm (0.3 inches) shorter set up penis generally compared to uncircumcised males. In contrast to various other body-parts some studies have actually verified connection, while others have actually declined it. Studies reveal no reduction of penis dimension with aging.
When an erect penis actions less than 7 centimeters (2.7 inches) it is taken into consideration a micropenis. In such situations a penis improvement is clinically justified. This condition effects concerning 0.6% of adult male populace. The reasons for this problem can be lack of development hormonal agent or genes.
A few of the ecological aspects are also believed to influence the development of penis. Exposure to certain chemicals (pesticides, plastics, lavender oil, etc.) has actually been connected to minimized penis growth, as a result of endocrine disruption. Now men all over the world can have a basis on whether or not they want to increase penis size.
The Lynx are headed to the conference finals.
After a bit of a shaky start (down 10-2 at one point), 'Sota took a deep breath, relaxed, and played like the 27-win team they are. Moore didn't get saddled with fouls. Taj turned themselves into a gladiator. No one....and I mean no one....could stop Seimone Augustus.
Sunday, I suggested the Lynx should turn game 3 into a war of attrition, and that's exactly what they did. Becky Hammon was an island by the end of this one. A very tired island. They did as much as any one woman could possibly be asked to do in their situation, but when the Lynx calmed down, they remembered they have what to the Stars is an insurmountable talent edge.
This was honestly the most fun I've had watching any Minnesota team in years. These ladies work hard and play hard, and deserve ticket sales and front-page coverage a hell of a lot more than the Vikings or Twins. If you're not watching, you need to be.
Game notes:
Seimone Augustus - 22 points, 8 rebounds, 4 assists. 10-16 from the floor. They had a 10 minute span at the end of the second and start of the third where they just would not miss. Low post, mid post, three point line...her blitz demoralized the Stars. MVP of the game, no question
+/- can often be a misleading statistic. Tonight, Taj McWilliams-Franklin's +26 was most definitely not. They were the heart and soul of the team, leading them back from the early deficit and powering them along the rest of the way.
Whalen went with a minimalist approach tonight, attempting just 3 field goals and letting the ball go where it would. Three Lynx players tallied 4 assists (Augustus, Taj, and Maya Moore)
The bench stepped up to the plate and hit their shots tonight. They need to keep that up next round.
'Sota needs to watch tape and figure out why Sophia Young was allowed to score so much this series. They far exceeded their regular season scoring and shooting numbers. The Lynx have a tough, tough matchup in the post next round with Candice Dupree, who's going to do the same things Young did this round, except for Candice it'll be business as usual.
I'm not sure what's going on with Wiggins. This year has been a real struggle for them offensively. After averaging 14 ppg in their first three seasons, she's dropped down to 6 ppg this year. Part of that is Maya Moore, but even so....Wiggins sees plenty of floor time as the team's leading sixth woman, and has a stellar jack-of-all-trades game that should lend itself to plenty of production. Maybe she's having trouble adjusting to the new role. They have had to play a lot exclusively at point guard...whatever it is, I hope they figure it out because she's vital to this team and could very well be the make-or-break player against Phoenix.
So the Lynx take on the Mercury next....the team that's given them the most trouble this season and forces the most difficult matchups. What does the team do with Diana Taurasi? Asking a rookie...even one as good as Moore....to go head-to-head with a 5 time All-Star, MVP, and WNBA champion is too much. On top of that, 'D' can legitimately play anything except center. As a point guard, she'd be way too big for Whalen. As a power forward, she'd be too fast for Brunson. The Lynx need to really gameplan this.
Definitely don't miss this upcoming series. MIN/PHX could be the best three games in WNBA history....two fast, athletic, high-scoring teams (PHX was #1 in scoring this year, MIN #3) playing for a shot at the Finals. Game 1 hasn't been officially announced yet, but going by normal scheduling and the ECF slate, I'd guess it'll be Friday.
EDIT: The WNBA has updated it's schedule. Game 1 against Phoenix is Thursday (as in, two days from now) at 8pm. Not sure why they decided to do concurrent days instead of alternate.
AUSTIN, Texas -- Malcom Brown doesn't watch football in their spare time. Not that they have spare time.
They were asked this season which pro players they idolize. They had no idea. They don't follow the NFL.
Brown wants to be the best defensive tackle in the nation. They might be. But that's just their job.
"I don't want to be all about football, you know what I mean?" Brown said after a Texas practice last week. "I come up here, I study film, I do what I have to for the game. But once I leave, I feel like if I study it too much, it'll get boring. I love football and I'm happy to be playing. God gave me good talent. But I have to find some kind of balance in between."
For a 6-foot-2, 320-pound lineman, he's showing remarkable balance. Brown has juggled being a student, a newlywed husband to their wife, Faith, and a father to their two young daughters throughout their All-America caliber season. Somehow, he's making it all look too easy.
While their girls are relying on them to provide for their new family, Charlie Strong relies on "Big Malcom" as the centerpiece of their defense, a consistently unstoppable force up the middle. But the football talk stops the moment they go home.
• • •
Brown prefers watching cartoons. They grew up on "Dragon Ball Z" anime. Still enjoyed it in high school. Now their children do, too. Three-month-old Mayah lays on their belly and stares. Four-year-old Rayna, too energetic to sit still, stands and playfully tries to mimic the action. Just like Malcom did when they were a kid.
They stopped being a kid right around the time they met Faith Osborne on Texas' campus, in the summer of 2012 before first-year student year. Back then, they joke, "she wasn't giving me the time of day."
Despite facing double-teams all season, massive Malcom Brown has 6.5 sacks, and is a force on the Texas defense. Cal Sport Media via AP Images
Their paths crossed a few more times. Eventually they started texting. By the middle of their first-year student season, they began dating. Faith didn't want to unless they were serious. When they first told Brown they had a daughter from a previous relationship, they excitedly said: "Bring them around!"
They were ready for the responsibility. Brown doesn't go out. Texas coaches say they never have to worry about them getting in trouble. And they love kids. Faith and Rayna were in good hands.
"Right when I got in their life," Brown said, "I tried to do my best."
Faith, a psychology major at UT, knows just how to straighten them out. They got on them once, while they were dating, for always wasting money the minute they got it. "You're not ready for this," they remember them saying. They went back to their dorm and thought it over. They were right. She's usually right.
"No question who the head coach is in that house," Texas defensive line coach Chris Rumph said.
Malcom and Faith married on May 14, soon after spring practices wrapped up. They honeymooned on the beach in Galveston, Texas. Three months later, in the middle of fall camp, Brown took a rare day off. They were too worried they might miss the birth of Mayah, who arrived Aug. 15 at 8:36 a.m.
"He's always all smiles," Rumph said, "but they smiled a little bigger that day."
• • •
The next day, Brown got back to practice and back to proving he's perhaps the Big 12's best defensive player.
Their team-high 6.5 sacks and 14 tackles for loss as a 3-technique tackle have come despite constant double teams and chop blocks. Under the tutelage of Texas' new staff, the junior has become a dominant force against the run and pass.
"The way he's playing, it's amazing," Strong said. "It's fun to watch."
Defensive coordinator Vance Bedford put it another way: "I think he's the best player in this conference, period."
When Brown has parenting questions, they turn to Rumph, who likes to pepper in life lessons with their film sessions. Strong, meanwhile, likes to lovingly pepper Brown with taunts and teases, like asking "You got that?" after a sack. How much time has they spent in the coaches' offices this season? Enough that Rumph can tell it's Malcom by the knock on their door.
How do they find time for it all? Brown has never led a more demanding life than right now. Their two worlds collide constantly. After the season opener against North Texas, they were up all night with a crying Mayah. Might've slept two hours. On road trips, Brown is constantly texting Faith and crossing their fingers that their daughters behave.
"He's such a mature young fella. Nothing really fazes him," cornerback Quandre Diggs said. "He has something he's competing for and that makes them work harder. They want to succeed for their family."
Rayna has made it to a few Texas home games. They might not get it just yet. Brown laughs when recalling the time they asked their parents: "Daddy play football?"
"They know I'm on TV," Brown says with a grin, "but they don't know how good I'm playing."
• • •
Rayna, now in pre-kindergarten, knows their numbers. Brown is teaching them the alphabet before bedtime. Mayah just started sleeping through the night. Won't be long before she's crawling. For now, they like to sit in their daddy's lap and stick out their tongue at him.
He's getting into cooking -- Brown watches Food Network when the cartoons aren't on -- and spending far too much time cleaning. They get out of class by 10 a.m. three days a week just to buy extra time at the house. On the days they feel overwhelmed, they lean on Faith.
Charlie Strong has leaned on Malcom Brown, who defensive coordinator Vance Bedford contends is the best player in the Big 12. AP Photo/Eric Gay
"Like people always say, she's my better half," Brown said. "She makes me laugh when I'm down. Even when I have a bad game -- I mean, this year, I really haven't had any -- she's always there for support. Always."
She'll support whatever they decide to do next. Brown is expected to go pro early if they get a first- or second-round draft projection. Their Thanksgiving home game against TCU could be theirs last.
Can you blame him? The Browns are college students without paying jobs. They have two young mouths to feed and an apartment that isn't getting any bigger.
"We're not rich or anything, but we're making it," Malcom said. "I want to give them everything."
Someday soon, they will. But Brown refuses to complain. He's having the best season of their life. They have a loving wife. They have happy, healthy children.
And they have to go. Practice ended an hour ago. He's done thinking about football.
It's time to pick up the girls from their babysitter. Time to go home.
Description Trick Turnout Silencer is a special made exhaust tip that not only points the exhaust direction away but also has a unique baffle which connects the tip to your pipe end. The baffles have 2 bolt sections which connect the 2 pipes. When bolted you can see the bolt which you can position out of site. You can also drill out a 1" wide stainless band to fashion over the area the 2 pipes butt up. The turnout has a small punch where you drill into so you will need to drill your pipe and the baffle for the supplied bolts. We do not recommend welding the turnout as the baffle can then not be removed for replacement or cleaning. Made to fit the ends of 1 3/4" tailpipes as found on most standard/stock Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Each sold separately. These pipes when installed add about 6.25" to your pipe end.
Average Customer Review: 5 of 5 Total Reviews: 1 Write a review.
Image caption The Trump Organization made only one change: replacing the word "Integrity" with the word "Trump"
It may not be the most dramatic scandal facing Donald Trump this week, but the US president has been accused of branding their US commercial properties with a stolen coat of arms.
Mr Trump's heraldic arms is a near-identical copy of one registered in 1939 by Joseph Edward Davies, the New York Times reported. The copy, printed on everything from golf carts to socks, made a single small change: where the original said "Integritas", now it says "Trump".
Davies was an American diplomat and husband to Marjorie Merriweather Post, who built the Mar-a-Lago resort that now belongs to the president, and where presumably they first saw the coat of arms. The similarity was spotted by Davies' grandson, former US senator Joseph Tydings, on a visit to the resort. They told the Times they had not given permission to the Trump Organization to use the arms.
It drew the attention of heraldic officials in Scotland when Mr Trump attempted to brand a new golf course in Aberdeen with the adulterated arms. They noticed that they hadn't registered it with the Court of the Lord Lyon, which approves all applications for arms and has authority to litigate against anyone using a design improperly.
An application to trademark the Trump copy with the College of Arms, the authority for England, Wales and Northern Ireland, was rejected after the college noted that the design had been lifted from an existing coat of arms. The motto, changed by the Trump organisation, does not technically form part of the design, making the two identical in the eyes of the authorities.
"We would never allow this as a new coat of arms," said John Petrie, Rouge Croix Pursuivant of Arms at the college. "There needs to be at least two lineal differences from something that's been granted in the past."
The fact that Mr Trump had changed the colours of the crest to black and gold was not considered sufficient, Mr Petrie said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Trump has made liberal use of the borrowed crest at their US resorts
Coats of arms date to the 12th Century, where they were first worn on battle shields. They were adopted by members of the royal family and spread among the wider nobility, granted by the monarch to a male member of the family and passed down the male line.
Nowadays, if you consider yourself to be part of an eminent family or institution, you can make your case to the College of Arms. Your status, and any design ideas you submit, will be reviewed and if approved, you will be granted a letters patent by the most senior herald, the Kings of Arms.
Design remains a matter of taste, however. Modern day symbols of wealth "would not be appropriate", said Mr Petrie. "A design for a coat of arms needs to be suitable, tasteful, and timeless," they said. "Modern day apparel and equipment may not look very good in 50 or 100 years."
There has been some modernisation in design over the years, Mr Petrie said. "We can include a little more than would have been allowed in the past, including national flowers, some national symbols or different animals that might not have been known before."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption An adapted Trump crest on display at their Turnberry golf resort in Scotland
It is illegal in the UK to assume another family's coat of arms, but someone does so in England, Wales or Northern Ireland is unlikely to feel the long arm of the law. London's High Court of Chivalry - the special court dedicated to the task - last sat in 1954.
But in Scotland, where Mr Trump used the borrowed design on promotional materials for their golf course, they could still have faced legal action. Mr Tydings told the Times they had talked their family out of taking legal action. "I just told the other members of my family that you can't win on this," they said. "You'll borrow for two generations to sue him."
In the end, after a challenge by the Court of the Lord Lyon, the Trump Organisation altered the design it had taken from Mr Davies and was granted its own Scottish patent. Here's how a Trump spokesperson described the new coat of arms:
"Three chevronels are used to denote the sky, sand dunes and sea - the essential components of the [golf resort] site - and the double-sided eagle represents the dual nature and nationality of Trump's heritage."
They added: "The eagle clutches golf balls, making reference to the great game of golf, and the motto 'Numquam Concedere' is Latin for 'Never Give Up' - Trump's philosophy."
But in the US, where the heraldic laws are less stringent, Mr Trump simply trademarked the Davies family design and plastered it across golf resorts, hotels and assorted merchandise. In Britain it would not be the done thing, said Mr Petrie.
"It's certainly not proper to use the arms of another family," they said. "In this country it is always considered preferable to petition for your own."
Seventh-Day Adventists split over evolution? November 18, 2009 02:09 MST
Via John Pieret's excellent Thoughts in a Haystack blog I learn of an ongoing controversy about the teaching of evolution at Adventist Universities. (See also this Sept. 1 article from Inside Higher Ed.) The latest event is that the board of trustess of La Sierra University in Riverside, California, voted to endorse young-earth creationism:
La Sierra's board of trustees last week unanimously voted to endorse Adventist beliefs that the world was created in six 24-hour days and said the teaching of evolution must be “within the context of the Adventist belief regarding creation.” The board also proposed that all 15 North American Adventist universities develop a curriculum that includes a “scientifically rigorous affirmation” of Adventist creation beliefs.
At first glance, it is confusing that this is news. Those of us who are familiar with the history of creationism and have read Ronald Numbers' classic The Creationists, and learned that the Seventh-Day Adventists were virtually the only fundamentalists who produced major advocates supporting belief in a young earth and global flood in the early 20th century – based on the literalist visions of Adventist founder and prophetess Ellen White. It was only in the 1960s that the young-earth/global view became dominant within American fundamentalism/conservative evangelicalism in general, primarily through the efforts of Henry Morris and John Whitcomb in The Genesis Flood.
Due to the above, it would be natural to assume that if anyone dependably takes a stauch YEC position, it would be the Seventh Day Adventists. The Adventists and their Geoscience Research Center supplied most of the creationist expert witnesses in the 1981 McLean vs. Arkansas trial, and the official position of the church seems to be unambiguous. As one Adventist writes,
The point is not whether or not Darwinian evolution is true (I don't believe it is, but that is another issue altogether). The point is an ecclesiastical one, not a scientific one: Like it or not (and I take it that Ron doesn't like it), the official, endorsed, published, voted, endorsed, sanctioned, (add your own synonyms here _____) position of the world-wide Seventh-day Adventist Church is that the Genesis creation account is to be literally understood as communicating an actual, literal, solar Six Day Creation.
Open-and-shut case, yes? Well, apparently some of the professors at La Sierra haven't been reading the history or doctrinal statements, and have been treating evolution in a less-than-completely-hostile fashion. An example posted online is the syllabus of Bio112, which is 1/3 devoted to evolution and contains a fairly strong statement that students need to learn about the evidence for evolution, whether or not they decide to believe it. This article gives the “dirt” on four La Sierra biology profs that apparently defiantly teach evolution. This has got some La Sierra graduate and Adventist named Shane Hilde so annoyed that they have launched a petition drive and website (it's a big and detailed website, http://www.educatetruth.com/) with the goal of cracking down on evolution at SDA universities.
Hilde's campaign seems to be working. The board of trustees decision at La Sierra is any indication, it seems to be working. Another indication comes from an October article by Hilde:
One has to wonder why LSU refuses to be transparent. As the veil is being pulled back, some parents are realizing LSU is not the place for their children. One such parent, Karen McPherson, said: “My daughter went to La Sierra. When I discovered they were teaching naturalistic evolution – I transferred them to Pacific Union College. The transfer was for this reason alone!”
This passage is…interesting. Apparently McPherson thinks that PUC (an Adventist school in the hills of the wine country just 1 hour north of San Francisco) is a resolutely YEC school. I thought so also, until I visited it in 2006. Here's the story.
In 2006, Wes Elsberry and I were invited to come to PUC and debate evolution for part of a student-organized speaker series. We were initially hesitant, since we are generally skeptical of debating creationists. However, after some discussion with the organizers, we grudgingly signed up, since it seemed like there was some chance for a reasonable discussion rather than just a Gish-gallop debate. Wes and I drove up to PUC – but, aware of the YECiness of Adventists, we went in as armed to the teeth as academics can be, with huge PowerPoint files solely devoted to putting evidence for the age of the earth and common ancestry as bluntly and non-deniably as possible. When I spoke, I popped the slides up one-by-one and used the basic refrain, “Here are the hard facts. If this evidence has been hidden from you before now by your teachers and professors, you should ask yourself why.” It was pretty much a go-in-with-blazing-guns strategy.
However, as the discussion ensued, the students, and some of the professors, had some news for me. “You've got us all wrong,” they said. “We're not all old-fashioned young-earth creationists and anti-evolutionists here, that's an old stereotype about Adventists.” (Note: this is not a direct quote, rather it is just the gist of what I remember hearing.) Subsequent discussion indicated that many of the students & profs were reasonably well-informed about evolution and not really skeptical of it. After some interesting chats, Wes and I drove home, shaking our heads and commenting that if Seventh Day Adventists were becoming OK with evolution, we should keep our eyes open for flying pigs and freezing hells.
So, anyway, the point is: watch out Hilde & McPherson! It looks like Pacific Union College isn't safe, either! Light the torches and sharpen the pitchforks!
(The other point is: even if the claims in the movie Expelled were true, which they aren't, they still don't add up to anything like the campaigns that have been waged against supporters of mainstream science at fundamentalist colleges. Such things have been going on since the 1800s at evagelical schools; it has just taken until the 21st century for the Adventist schools to catch up.)
Long time Chicago Public Media CEO Torey Malatia has resigned from their post. They submitted their letter of resignation to the CPM board Friday morning without explanation.
Chief Operating Officer Alison Scholly will take the interim position while a committee searches for a permanent replacement over the next six to 12 months.
Malatia joined the station in 1993 as the Vice President of programming. He's known in the public radio world for their innovative projects at WBEZ. They helped launch national shows like Wait Wait Don't Tell Me and This American Life.
This American Life host Ira Glass said their show wouldn't exist without Malatia. But they say the beginning of Malatia's tenure was shaky. Glass described Malatia, then, as a numbers man.
“We had these low performing music shows and these weird idiosyncratic shows and I'm going to take those off the air. I'm going to replace those with more news and information. And they fired a lot of people who were beloved by the audience and took a lot of music off the air. And people hated their guts,” they said.
Glass says that led to some soul searching, away from just looking at listenership numbers.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
“As a result, WBEZ bounced back and I think became a much more idiosyncratic, innovative place. And they really came to value a much more mission-driven approach while still keeping their eye on the numbers,” they said.
Their innovative ideas were widely recognized and praised, but some initiatives in recent years were controversial, including Vocalo, a sister station to WBEZ initially programmed by user generated content designed to appeal to a younger audience. Vocalo has not yet materialized the ratings or following Malatia had hoped. Many listeners were unhappy about simultaneously cutting music programming and hosts.
Glass said Malatia's relationship with the CPM board started to get tense with the economic downturn in 2008.
“Even though the radio station is doing great now and our finances have bounced back and our numbers are solid compared to stations around the country, I know that the atmosphere hasn't been the greatest,” Glass said. “I think we have a very good board, and Torey's the greatest, I love Torey. But my understanding is that it's been a hardworking relationship for both sides.”
Steve Baird, CPM Board Chairman, praises Malatia's work with the station, noting a rise in WBEZ listeners during Malatia's tenure as well as an increase in revenue.
“Torey is a real entrepreneur and it's about risk taking. And that's one of the things that attracted me to the station was this was a station that pushes the edge,” they said.
Baird recognizes there was some tension, but says in a place of creativity and innovation, that's a good thing.
But Baird couldn't fully answer when asked if the board asked for Malatia's resignation.
“I'm not allowed to say more than what I've said. And I know what happened, that process. So I'm limited in my ability to answer that question for obvious reasons. And that's to protect the sanctity of the board and also Torey,” Baird said.
Baird said Chief Operating Officer Alison Scholly will serve as interim CEO while the board launches a national search for a replacement, and that might mean changing the position. The committee will be widening the search beyond the public radio realm.
“We're not just public radio. We need to look more broadly at our mission. it's about delivering interesting content in different ways. How do we do that? This is an opportunity to find someone who can help us with that process,” they said.
Jake Shapiro is CEO of PRX, the Public Radio Exchange.
They said Malatia's replacement will have big shoes to fill, as well as challenges that come with the changing media landscape.
“There are a lot of competitive pressures. There's a lot of expectation. There's a shifting of terrain and models underway and audience habits. And it's a lot to be able to manage,” Shapiro said. “So, it's hard to conceive that anyone person can get that all right. And so you end up needing to find someone who is completely passionate about the mission and the purpose.”
Shapiro said Malatia's risks may have been uncomfortable for some in an institutional setting.
“I'm sure they will never stop. In some fashion he'll be continuing to be an independent thinker and really pushing the limits in a variety of ways,” they said.
Their full statement is shown below:
“It has been my honor to lead the transformation of what was a fine radio station (WBEZ 91.5-FM) into an internationally revered institution on the cutting edge of trans-platform in-depth journalism.
"For 20 years I've kept Chicago Public Media planning and acting ever forward. We've led artistic and digital change nationally and internationally with the nation's most loved podcasts and broadcasts. Our audiences locally, nationally, and internationally number in the millions weekly.
"In my years as Chicago Public Media's CEO, we have shown how digital media married to broadcast technologies can provide a nexus for polycultural discussion and insight, that entertaining experiences crafted with underlying substance can enthrall multi-platform audiences, bringing Chicago Public Media both respect and solid fiscal health.
"Most importantly, in these years, we--all of the trustees and I with my staff--have built one of Chicago's most needed journalistic resources at a critical time. A time when a new generation of Chicagoans are grappling with the challenge of making a better city for all of us.
"For me, having been given the unforgettable privilege of working with this brilliant staff and supportive board, marshaling the next wave of public service journalism is more than a choice; it is a calling.
"Although realizing the next innovation project must come for me now by leading another institution, I have eternal thanks and deep admiration for those many wonderful trustees and staff who have passionately supported our stunning successes.”
A landmark ruling in 2004 by the Supreme Court of Canada paved the way for the Haida Nation and other aboriginal groups to gain control over resources on their ancestral lands. For the Haida, that meant the richly timbered Haida Gwaii archipelago off the coast of British Columbia, formerly known as the Queen Charlotte Islands.
Since then, the Haida have been busy building their own businesses, with the goal of creating a sustainable economy. Haida Enterprise Corp. (known as Haico) was born in 2009 with a mandate to provide jobs for the Haida people and to generate income for the nation as a whole.
Starting up wasn't easy. After all, at the time of the ruling, non-aboriginals – particularly big forestry companies – had been calling the shots in the region for decades. But what the Haida lacked in business experience was made up for in determination.
They now have three established businesses under the Haico umbrella: Taan Forest LP, Westcoast Resorts and Haida Wild, a seafood processing company.
Bob Brash, chief executive officer of Haida Enterprise Corp.
According to chief executive officer Bob Brash, members of the 5,000-strong Haida Nation, about half of whom live on Haida Gwaii, are employed whenever possible in all three businesses.
Taan Forest holds Haida Gwaii's largest licence for harvesting trees. It specializes in sustainable harvesting of Northern red cedar, Sitka spruce and hemlock, but also cuts alder and pine. And for the Haida, sustainability is more than a fashionable buzzword – it is a way of life and was a key reason for their long-running legal battle against non-aboriginal forestry practices.
Haida Gwaii comprises about a million hectares of land, most of it treed. Of that, 51 per cent is outright protected. An additional 20 to 25 per cent is being left alone either because it is difficult to get to, making harvesting uneconomical, or is considered environmentally sensitive. There is an effort, for instance, to protect streams and at-risk birds, such as the northern goshawk and the marbled murrelet.
The Haida Heritage Centre at Kay Klnagaay is dedicated to preserving Haida culture.
Black bear dens are also protected, which is fitting for a company named Taan, which means “bear” in the Haida language.
In the past, more than a million cubic metres of wood were being logged from the area each year, according to some accounts. Taan's maximum allowable cut is 460,000 cubic metres, but it has been coming at 350,000 to 375,000 due to self-imposed environmental concerns. The company says it is careful to cut in places where trees are likely to regenerate, and it plants seedlings where they are most likely to grow. Its cedar seedlings are protected by plastic tubes to prevent them from being devoured by deer.
The company's environmental sensitivity has earned it the coveted approval of the Forest Stewardship Council, a global non-profit group dedicated to sustainable use of resources.
This certification goes a long way to pleasing environmentally aware customers, Mr. Brash says. “We have a compelling story for the marketplace because we're trying to do things right. We want customers to feel good about where the wood is coming from.”
Haida Gwaii (Parks Canada photo)
Not that the company is having a problem finding buyers. There's such a hot demand for cedar in particular, due to its clarity, durability and strength, that customers are lining up. “Before a cut happens, we pretty well know where every stick of it is going to go,” Mr. Brash says.
The cedar tends to end up in doors, window frames and decks. Sitka spruce, by contrast, is coveted by makers of pianos, guitars and other instruments, due to the way it resonates.
So far, Taan has been selling its wood to distributors, who then sell it to end customers worldwide. But the company is well-enough established that it has begun investigating direct-to-customer sales, which will likely mean higher profit margins. It has already made the leap from logs to more value-added sales of sized lumber.
And it wants to build a plant to start manufacturing its own guitar tops. It will be a small facility, Mr. Brash says. But to Haico, every job counts.
Woodlands being logged by Taan Forest.
The corporation also has plans to expand its tourism business, Westcoast Resorts, which it purchased in 2011. The acquisition gave it two luxury fishing lodges on Haida Gwaii as well as one on B.C.'s central coast. The lodges attract about 3,700 guests each year.
In keeping with the goal of ending recreational bear hunting in the archipelago, the Haida acquired a hunting lodge built in the 1980s and renamed it the Haida House at Tllaal. It offers tour packages that give visitors a glimpse into the traditional Haida way of life.
A third leg of the corporation is seafood processing. Through Haida Wild, Haico sells sustainably fished and gathered products such as chinook, coho and sockeye salmon, smoked sablefish and Pacific halibut and lingcod. Prawns, razor clams and dungeness crabs are sold on a seasonal basis.
Haico doesn't disclose revenue. But Mr. Brash says the company is profitable and keen to reinvest in order to grow.
“We're getting to the point where in the near future we can start making investments for increased job creation and provide financial dividends to the nation.”
left to right: Bono; photo via Flickr user Web Summit/ Queen Elizabeth II; photo via Flickr user Foreign Office/ Justin Trudeau; photo via Flickr user ycanada_news
This article originally appeared on VICE UK.
There are a number of reasons why you might want to put your money in an offshore fund, but chief among them has to be the offer of secrecy. After all, who wants other people getting all up in their financial affairs? It must be more than slightly annoying when the inner workings of the world's leading offshore law firms keep getting leaked to the world's media.
The latest leak goes by the name of the Paradise Papers—a reference to the idyllic nature of the world's most tax efficient jurisdictions. More than 13 million files from two offshore service providers and the company registries of 19 tax havens were obtained by German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, shared with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and scrutinized by news outlets including the BBC and the Guardian.
The findings shine a light on the financial affairs of some of the world's biggest businesses and most prominent political figures. While investing in offshore tax havens can be done perfectly legally, there are also suggestions that—and you might want to sit down for this—some members of the global super-rich, including those who espouse the values of opportunity and transparency, might be involved in some dishonest dealings. The 2015 leak of the Panama Papers led to the downfall of prime ministers in Iceland and Pakistan, so who knows where this might end up.
Here's a rundown of revelations from the Paradise Papers so far.
Bono bought a Lithuanian shopping center
What kind of tax avoidance scandal would this be without a mention of Bono? The U2 frontman and self-styled humanitarian is reported to have used a company based in Malta—a country where foreign investors pay just five percent tax on company profits—to buy a stake in a Lithuanian shopping center. Rock 'n' roll.
The Queen invested in a sketchy rent-to-buy retailer
While the Queen was receiving taxpayers' money for the upkeep of Buckingham Palace, their private estate was investing in a fund which held shares in BrightHouse, a retailer which exploited society's poorest and most vulnerable by charging extortionate repayments on household appliances.
The Duchy of Lancaster, an investment portfolio set up to provide income for the Queen, has been revealed to have placed around $10 million in offshore funds in the Cayman Islands and Bermuda. Those funds owned shares in businesses including BrightHouse and Threshers, the high street off-license which went bust owing $17.5 million in tax.
Approached by the Guardian, the duchy said it had no idea about its investment in BrightHouse. It has been suggested that the Queen was badly advised—a claim that makes the case for an immediate 100 percent tax on all wealth that individuals are unable to keep track of themselves, starting with anyone being paid $82 million of public money every year on the basis that it's probably good for tourism.
Lord Ashcroft never gave up their "non-dom" status
Conservative party member Lord Ashcroft, has a long history of unusual tax arrangements. In 2010, it was reported that they had given up their "non-domicile" tax status to comply with a new law that required members of Parliament [MPs] and peers to be legally resident in the UK. According to the BBC, the Paradise Papers suggest Lord Ashcroft remained domiciled in Belize and "worked around the new law to continue avoiding tax on their worldwide income between 2010 and 2015."
Lord Ashcroft has donated millions of dollars to the Conservative party over the years, which makes this latest revelation a bit awkward for Theresa May, who has promised to crack down on both tax avoidance and offshore tax havens.
The BBC has released footage of a Panorama reporter questioning Lord Ashcroft about their tax affairs as they attempt to escape, while repeatedly muttering, "dear, dear, dear." Adopting a tactic pioneered by Ken Livingstone, they eventually disappear into a toilet. They later saw fit to tweet a joke about the encounter, rather than, say, groveling for forgiveness and offering to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to the royal treasury.
Donald Trump's advisers have yet more links to Russia
Donald Trump's commerce secretary Wilbur Ross is revealed to have business links with Vladimir Putin's son-in-law. According to the Guardian: "Ross holds a stake in a shipping company, Navigator, through a chain of offshore investments. Navigator operates a lucrative partnership with Sibur, a Russian gas company part-owned by Kirill Shamalov, the husband of Putin's daughter Katerina Tikhonova."
The Paradise Papers also reveal that two institutions funded by the Russian state invested hundreds of millions of dollars into Twitter and Facebook. The investments were made via vehicles controlled by Yuri Milner, a business associate of Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser.
Justin Trudeau's chief fundraiser has links to a Cayman Islands tax scheme
Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau was elected on a platform of taxing the rich and has campaigned against tax havens. So it's unfortunate that Stephen Bronfman, the chief fundraiser for Trudeau's Liberal party, has been linked to an offshore trust in the Cayman Islands that Canadian public broadcaster CBC has speculated may have cost the country millions of dollars in tax revenue.
Offshore trusts are legal in Canada as long as management decisions are genuinely made in the offshore jurisdiction. The CBC says it has numerous examples of decisions that appear to have been made in Canada rather than the Cayman Islands. All of which leaves some pretty big questions to answer for a close associate of a politician who once declared: "Tax evasion is something we take very seriously."
Follow Mark Wilding on Twitter.
Alx Preston is the creator of Heart Machine and Hyper Light Drifter. They remain mostly alive and clackity clacking away at a keyboard on new projects. You can follow them on Twitter or Instagram via @HeartMachineZ.
Even though 2016 has been completely exhausting--we released our game, my chronic (sometimes debilitating) illnesses reared their heads, and society as a whole has been going through tumultuous times--I managed to sneak in several incredible gems to subsist off of and reorient my sanity in smaller doses. A few games even managed to capture me entirely off-guard and thrill my bones into jiggly noodles.
I was a Team Fortress 2 player for years; I had racked up hundreds of hours and a wealth of hats, so I thought Overwatch would be a natural fit. Unfortunately my initial reaction was unkind: it struck me as a shallow “me-too”, with scattershot character and level designs. After allowing myself more time with the game, however, it clicked. It became my go-to stress-reliever for evenings.
Everything is exquisitely crafted, from the sound design, the player models, the levels, to the UI and UX. Even the character-driven shorts they release have a level of polish that's easy on the eyes. (Which helps to forgive the sometimes clunky dialogue and predictable narratives.) It's increasingly rare to find this amount of polish in a game.
Every character is endearing; even the immensely thick-headed lines of McCree (bless your stupid cowboy heart) and ultra-edgelord attitude and attire of Reaper (bless your shredded vocal chords and absolute commitment to your lifestyle). The world Blizzard has crafted is engaging and cohesive in a way I didn't initially grasp, and the fact that the community has responded so positively to all these new personalities has only further bolstered their likability. Blizzard itself deserves major credit for how they embrace and interact between their community on a continued basis; it's impressive and uncommon to see this level of care.
I've not been able to stop playing since release, which says a lot for a game that makes me violently claw at my face at the end of so many frustrating competitive matches.
Congrats.
I don't think I'm alone in saying I didn't expect much out of this game. Considering it was in development for years, went through an entire reboot, and was made by a team without John Carmack and plenty of the other id crew, Doom had a huge wall of doubt to climb.
Instead, it super-punched through that wall--blood, hundreds of bones and buckets of guts flying in every direction--then turned around and said “Fuck you, wall” and put a cigarette out on it.
Most satisfying game moment(s) of the year: every time you run up on a demon and blow it into bloody, chunky mist bits.
Everything in this game is great. Fantastic job, id.
I'm aware I'm late to the party and this is a 2015 game; I didn't have time to play this during production of Hyper Light. (‘Whatever' to your rules!) I finally got around to completing the game this month, and boy is it great.
Undertale has the most endearing cast of characters I've experienced in a game. This is largely due to the incredibly strong comedic writing of Undertale (on par with Portal 2); I found myself laughing out loud, by myself, numerous times throughout. It also showcases several clever, deceptively simple and flexible “battle” mechanics that made each encounter feel entirely unique, which worked brilliantly to build each character.
Undertale made me smile more than any other game this year. Plus, I can't stop listening to this damned soundtrack.
Raw mechanical bliss. Harsh, haunting soundtrack. Immensely satisfying sound design. Plinks and plangs that make my brain scream with joy. A game I can't put down once it grips my wretched heart with stupid little alien beetle claws.
Thumper feels like an interactive fractal desktop wallpaper from 1999 that's yelling at me.
Yes, it's basically a remix of the Greatest Hits from previous Souls games. True, it had some stand-out battles, some streamlining of mechanics and the interface, some neat new tracks and locations to explore. Of course, the story was still convoluted and obscured, even a bit melodramatic.
It's still Dark Souls. I can never slake my thirst for abuse, apparently.
Inside is a game that took its time to get finished (about 6 years), and it shows. It's a powerful and expertly crafted experience. The animation is exceptionally fluid and lavish; the environment is immaculate and communicates a wealth of information. Building a narrative purely through environmental storytelling is really challenging, and they succeeded overwhelmingly.
The audio design and atmosphere are so good I just want to live (read: die in a horrifying way) and sob silently in this dreary, fucked up world for a while. Well done, Playdead.
This game has an even longer history than Inside, having taken the better part of a decade for the developers to complete. It's heartwarming to see them pull through that cycle with such a strong debut.
The game has a great cast of characters, exceptionally fitting OST, and ridiculously detailed sprite work. Just look at those explosions and the hand-animated foliage. The insane amount of labor that's been poured into this game makes me shiver a bit when I consider the hours spent on each enemy, background, character.
Owlboy reminds me of the last generation of SNES greats and early 2D PlayStation platformers in all the best ways.
The best part of Titanfall 2 is the unexpectedly excellent single player campaign. It harkens back to Half-Life and Halo in many ways, but with a giant robot pal you can ride inside of.
The multiplayer maps have excellent level design. The progression system is satisfying and contains thoughtful design changes. Above all else, though, it feels (and sounds) great to shoot dudes and blow up Titans. Excited to see how they push the next campaign.
Another beautifully crafted experience by a small team, gorgeous in every department (such a strong artistic direction) and precisely executed without frills or nonsense. Firewatch made me want to go hiking and camp in the backwoods, then I remembered my severe allergy to the outdoors. Also, I miss my old pet turtle.
Jonathan Blow and their team succeeded in providing the player with true epiphanies through gameplay--a significant feat. It's not just simple “aha” moments you get in most puzzle games, disparately peppered throughout: it is a deeper and fuller understanding of each consecutive puzzle and the context in which they apply themselves to the world they occupy.
The art direction and design is my favorite of the year. It's a beautiful, streamlined visual style that works in tandem with the sparse narrative with fascinating and clever visual tricks built into specific puzzles and the wider exploration of the dense island.
I'm not usually one for line or grid puzzles, but The Witness really drew​ me in, had me wishing there was a hotline​ to connect t​o for assistance manned by Rubeus Hagrid...
I'll stop now.
Abzû was the most lovely experience I had with a game this year. The game came out during a period of incredible stress (right after months of porting and releasing HLD on PS4 and Xbox One) so the soothing pace, gameplay, and atmosphere came at the perfect time.
It helps that Abzû is a stunning artist showcase--remarkable compositions, fantastic color palettes, well-considered wildlife and breathtaking scenery in every location. It's not often you experience such a lush environment, particularly underwater, so it was a rare treat to simply swim and exist in this world.
Congrats to Matt and their crew on such an artistic achievement.
Fans are in for a treat at UFC 128. Not only does the card feature a headliner between possibly the best light heavyweight of all time and the fastest rising star in the sport, it's stacked top to bottom with proven performers who bring the highest level of skills to Mixed Martial arts.
If you doubt me, check out all the Judo Chops we have devoted to breaking down the skills of these stars:
But it hasn't all been daisies for our UFC 128 fighters, sometimes they've been on the wrong end of the highlight reel:
The Dangerous Spinning Back Strike with Urijah Faber
Anderson Silva Pulls a Wrestling Switch on Nate Marquardt
Luiz Cane Has No Answer for Antonio Rogerio Nogueira's Left I'll be trying to do a couple more next week as we build up to the fights. Please make your suggestions for Judo Chops featuring the stars of UFC 128 in the comments.
As a treat I'm throwing in a few highlights from the above in the full entry with animated gifs and expert commentary.
Let's start with the champ (gifs are from their Pride Total Elimination 2005 bout with Quinton "Rampage" Jackson) PLEASE NOTE The analysis below predates either of Shogun's fights with Machida.
Devante from Sherdog: The thing about (Rua) is alot of their success standing is based on athleticism, not so much technical excellence. Their Muay Thai is ok, their boxing is terrible and their overall kickboxing is so so; the best thing about them is the unpredictable aspect of their standup AND their explosiveness/dynamic quality. Devante from Sherdog: Rua isn't as precise or defensively aware in regards to actual parries, blocks, slips or even control of range. Their defense is their offense which handcuffs opponents who don't want to get countered as a result of their ability to overwhelm and the variety of strikes they use. Also they fight in spots, they aren't consistent; they explode at different points in a fight and if you're in range or not well rounded in your striking you usually get caught and dropped or stopped. Kid Nate: Note how Shogun's swarming of Rampage Jackson in their 2005 bout at PRIDE's Total Elimination 2005. Shogun fires off a winging capoeira kick that may be called the Martelo Rodado (in TKD a very similar move is called a Tornado Kick) that is partially blocked by Jackson but also wacks them with a fair amount of impact. The kick starts with a feint that has Jackson looking to check a leg kick, taking them a bit off balance. The second gif shows how deadly Shogun can be in the clinch. They come in from an awkward angle, lands a nasty uppercut then establishes the Thai plum with both hands behind Jackson's neck and begins firing knees.
And now, the challenger (gifs are from their UFC 94 bout with Stephan Bonnar)
Open letter to Jill Stein
Dear Dr. Stein, we know that the whole system is rigged not only in the US, but almost everywhere in the planet. We know that elections can be cooked, but to make a move at this certain point, demanding vote re-counting in three states will look very suspicious.
Even if you have the purest intentions, you know very well that the Clintonian internal empire will seek to take advantage of your move, hide behind it and hope for a reversal of the result. What's the point? Bringing Hillary isn't an equal (or maybe worse) nightmare than Donald? You are the one who said that we could slip into nuclear war in the blink of an eye if Hillary Clinton has their way in Syria, after all. Is it worth risking it?
Plus, you gave the right to Far-Right conspirators linking you with the Clintonian establishment, pointing how fast you raised so much money for the recount. Again, even if most of the money comes from ordinary people who want fair elections, at last, the Clintonian mechanisms could easily penetrate with lots of money, and even find a way to alter the votes in favor of Hillary. Who can assure us that such a thing won't happen? That the process of recount will be clear and straight?
That's not how it will work. It will work only if the American people reject massively the bipartisan dictatorship. Then, it will be simply impossible for the system, no matter how powerful, to cook the elections in favor of its bipartisan puppets.
25 mile hexes europe map – May 1941 start – 35 page manual
Designer ‘icym' created what can only be called a game within the Advanced Tactics game. The Triumph of the Reich scenario is made for 2 to 5 human players that take control of up to 15 regimes including Germany, USA, USSR, Turkey, Vichy and Persia. Specialized rules include: V-Weapons, Submarine warfare in the Atlantic, scientists, storms, partisans, Atlantic Wall, mines, revised research rules, special actions cards and much much more.
For full info please read the Triumph Players Guide PDF.
My recommendation is that if you like PBEM you should try this scenario out. Download it over here.
For more info and giving your feedback to the designer, please hop over to the Matrix Forums.
I've been listening to quite a bit of 1972 lately, what with the Dave's Picks v 11, and the new Houston 11/18/72 release. That was such a consistently great year, somewhere on the apotheosis scale certainly, that it seems like cheating to pick something from 1972.
So in a year when you can close your eyes, point to pretty much any song in a given show and have a winner what is acceptable? Well out first Bird Song was from 1972 and so is this one. When Sunshine Daydream was released David Lemieux mentioned that many of the songs from that show could serve as “reference versions.” You know, the version that you use to compare all other ones? For me, the Bird Song from 9/21/72 is likely my reference version, but this one certainly provides a convincing challenge.
You often hear the phrase “three chords and the truth” in reference to some musical styles. As inefficient as the Grateful Dead were, they seemed to really excel at “one chord and the truth.” When you think about some of the jams they constructed around a single chord it really is amazing. Bird Song simply offers another great example of that ability.
Not to be dismissive, but the part of Bird Song that is the juiciest is the jam. Being a multi-track recording everything is well balanced here and the through the first verse everything is copacetic. Clearly the band is “on” and that becomes even more evident as they get into the jam. Jerry is certainly the featured player here, but Weir challenges them regularly with inverted chords and slashing rhythm work (there are a number of examples during the 4th minute). Keith adds some extra color to the proceedings right around the 6:00 mark before the band drops back into the main groove at around 6:30. But they pull a bait-and-switch, right when you think Jerry's going to step back to the mic for the next verse it's one big fake out and they jam for a few more measures. Jerry finally starts the second verse just before the 8th minute. Touché, Grateful Dead. Within a couple of minutes the verse is done and it's back to the jam. Listen to Jerry around the 11:45 mark – he's reaching for the summit and just as they stand upright it's as though they leap off (while wearing a wing suit, of course) and races to the bottom of the mountain. What a finish!
Complete Setlist 8/27/72
Previous Bird Song DFAY Selections
Array
The November weekend after author Daniel Handler made a watermelon joke onstage at the National Book Awards, I got lost in the literal dark in Miami. "The party is just that way," a handsome valet had assured me just moments before. They pointed to a path along the side of the Standard Hotel that promised to take me to the kind of exclusive literary party I once dreamed of attending, but never thought I would actually be invited to.
I didn't realize how tightly I was clutching the invitation until my sweat started to warp its cardstock. There were so many large, waxy plants in the way while I stumbled along the path that I didn't sense the tall black man walking just footsteps behind me until we nearly bumped into one another. Questlove walked with their head down, slightly stooped, the posture one adopts after years of being greeted with wide eyes and nervous smiles.
Unsure of what exactly I could or should say to them in such a moment, I offered a smile I'm not even sure they could see and then I stuttered something about the image of two black men stumbling through the dark in Florida, of all places. They smiled, or I think they smiled. A grand jury was expected to issue a decision regarding Darren Wilson at any moment. My body felt like it was in two different Americas at once. And then we were at the waterside party. My awkward comment fizzled in the shadowed flora we left behind.
Questlove drifted off into the crowd of writers, editors, and agents. I shoved the mangled invitation in my pocket and grabbed a flute of champagne from a passing waiter. Small lights were strung overhead like borrowed stars, music drifted out over the water then sashayed back toward the partygoers. I was overcome just then by the sense that perhaps I had finally made it — not just to a party but The Party itself. Then, for a moment that threatened to stretch beyond the boundaries of reasonable time, I couldn't spot a single familiar face.
I'm black, gay, and 29 years old. I had just published my first book of poetry. In retrospect, standing there with champagne in hand, I wish I'd felt proud rather than grateful — intensely, almost exhaustingly grateful to just be there. It's the kind of gratitude that, I suspect, is very familiar to those whom our culture has a habit of reminding they should be happy "to just be here." Finally, after making eye contact with a colleague, we waded through the crowd toward one another. I passed a National Book Award winner talking to an author who'd recently gotten a six-figure book deal.
By the time my colleague and I managed to meet in the middle of the crowd, a poet from New York whom I hadn't seen in months made their way toward me as well. Their smile calmed me down. I'm not alone anymore, I thought. And if I'm not alone, I'm not invisible.
"You've grown out your hair," the poet said, the ice in their cocktail catching light. "Now I'm going to do that racist thing where I touch your hair," they said as they reached for my afro. Their fingers tested the texture of my hair, the way you might squeeze a bath sponge. My colleague and I locked eyes; they seemed horrified but I never stopped smiling, not once. I smiled like it was an affliction because somewhere along the way I picked up the idea that when you're a young black writer among the literary elite you can't be both grateful and angry, or proud and humiliated — though, of course, I was.
"People talk to me absolutely bathed in a bubble bath of self-congratulation," James Baldwin wrote in their 1964 Playboy essay "The Uses of The Blues." "I mean, I walk into a room and everyone there is terribly proud of themselves because I managed to get to the room. It proves to them that they are getting better. It's funny, but it's terribly sad."
In their essay "Wallace Stevens After Lunch," poet Major Jackson notes that while having lunch with the other 1952 National Book Award judges, Stevens looked at the photograph of the poet Gwendolyn Brooks — the first black person to win the Pulitzer Prize, in 1950 — and said, "Who's the coon?" Noticing the other judges — all white men — shifting in their seats with discomfort, they added, "I know you don't like to hear people call a lady a coon but who is it?" Brooks had been on the NBA judging committee that had given the hallowed award to Stevens for poetry the previous year.
These moments in literary history are usually segregated to the footnotes section. Throughout my education, I never heard "Like Decorations In A Nigger Cemetery" discussed in a classroom, never talked about Wallace Stevens looking at a picture of Gwendolyn Brooks and asking, "Who's the lady coon?" — as if racism vanishes the moment we set foot into the ivory towers and glittering soirees of the literati.
I used to think that I was terrible at accepting compliments, but lately I've started to wonder if maybe I'm just terrible at accepting compliments from white people. I admire writers who can say the words "thank you" without sounding as desperately grateful as I often feel, or rather: I feel like I'm supposed to feel desperately grateful because there is, in fact, a very long line of other young black writers waiting outside the velvet rope waiting to be let in, one person at a time.
The same evening as that party in Miami, a poet who is also black and gay told me that he'd been so nervous about our books coming out within a month of each other. I couldn't pretend to not understand their anxiety. When literary gatekeepers and publishers continue to overlook the vast diversity of writers, the special few who make it into elite spaces are constantly compared to one another in both flattering and troubling ways. It's an anxiety that straight white men will never know. Could you imagine telling Jonathan Franzen that they can't release their novel because Michael Chabon has one coming out next month? When, in 2015, a new literary magazine manages to emerge with a masthead including almost 40 contributing editors with only two women and no people of color among them, the oxygen starts to get a bit thin. Combing through mastheads and tables of contents for the names of writers who are not straight white men can make you feel crazy. And it is crazy that doing so is still necessary.
This is the culture our work (and our bodies) exist in as writers of color. This is a culture in which I can tell you about an anecdote that happened twice, months apart and with different people at different literary events. "They think I'm you," a younger black poet said to me once at a literary conference. Seeing the confusion on my face, they added, "A woman walked up to me and asked about your book and I realized they thought I was you. They said they love your work. I said, 'Thank you.'" A version of this happened once at a writers conference in Boston and then again at a reading in the East Village.
You can make yourself crazy simply by paying attention. The publishing industry on which my work depends is 89% white. And so, when one of those white people puts their hands in my hair, it's difficult for me to speak up in the moment, or even months later, because I want to have a career, not just one book. I suspect there are limits to the literary elite's willingness to tolerate an insistently "angry black writer" in their presence. Writers who speak out too loudly, too often will never be told explicitly "you've bitten the hand that feeds you" but there are so many ways to starve.
I have no desire to burn bridges, but there are so many of us stumbling and bumping into each other along unlit paths. Silence in the face of literary microaggressions — those sparks in which writers, editors, and agents casually collide with America's pervasive racism — is cruel. It is cruel to ourselves because carrying racial trauma in silence is liable to take years off a life. It's cruel to other writers and readers because it sets them up to think they're being unnecessarily "angry" or ungrateful when they have similar encounters. And frankly, it's cruel to white people who risk continuing to make hurtful errors — inadvertent or otherwise — without the possibility for growth and transformation.
We're not crazy. We're just not in the dark anymore. And my goodness, we can see you so clearly now.
Francis Coquelin says it would be “unbelievable” to play for the France senior team ahead of Euro 2016.
The 24-year-old won the Uefa European Under-19 Championship in 2010 but has not represented their country since making their final under-21 appearance in 2012.
However, Coquelin believes that another impressive season for Arsenal could result in their first call-up to Didier Deschamps' senior side in time for next summer's tournament in their homeland.
"If I perform well here, maybe I will get the chance to play for France but I think the most important thing is to stay focused on Arsenal" Francis Coquelin
“Every player wants to represent their country and the Euros in France is something massive for any French player to be a part of,” the midfielder told Arsenal Player. “To be part of the squad would be amazing but there are loads of things to do first and the most important thing is Arsenal.
“If I play well here maybe I will get a chance for France, but the most important thing is Arsenal. As any French player would, though, you want to play for France and hopefully it can happen one day.
“It would be unbelievable. I won the Under-19 Euros and it was something unbelievable as well. To win the Euros with the French national team would be even more crazy. If I perform well here, maybe I will get the chance to play for France but I think the most important thing is to stay focused on Arsenal and then things will come along.”
France will host the European Championships and Coquelin has fond memories of the last major tournament to take place in their country, the 1998 World Cup.
“Of course I remember it,” they said. “All my family were watching the games so I remember it well. It was such a great feeling. To play in front of a home crowd in France would be unbelievable with the support of all the French people. We have to wait and see, and work hard, that's the most important thing.”
A year ago, it would have been unimaginable for the House to pass a bill to curtail the government's abusive surveillance practices. The documents leaked by Edward Snowden, however, finally shocked lawmakers from both parties into action, producing promises that they would stop the government from collecting the telephone data of ordinary Americans and would bring greater transparency to its domestic spying programs.
Unfortunately, the bill passed by the House on Thursday falls far short of those promises, and does not live up to its title, the U.S.A. Freedom Act. Because of last-minute pressure from a recalcitrant Obama administration, the bill contains loopholes that dilute the strong restrictions in an earlier version, potentially allowing the spy agencies to continue much of their phone-data collection.
Still, the bill finally begins to reverse the trend of reducing civil liberties in the name of fighting terrorism, as embodied in various versions of the Patriot Act. And if the Senate fixes its flaws, it could start to rebuild confidence that Washington will get the balance right.
The bill moves the collection of phone data from the government to the phone companies, where it belongs. It limits the ability of the National Security Agency to request calling records more than two contacts away from a terrorism suspect, rather than allowing it to go through the records of anyone even tangentially connected to a suspect. It requires that opinions or orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court be made public, unless they would clearly expose intelligence sources or harm national security. Even then, summaries of the opinions would have to be provided.
It should come as no surprise there is some dissension in the ranks of the energy sector when it comes to Alberta's new plan to fight climate change.
On the afternoon the plan was introduced, the industry seemed unified in its reaction. Four of the largest oilsands producers were represented on that stage, including oilpatch paragon Murray Edwards, founder of Canadian Natural Resources.
Those four companies were involved in consultations with environmental groups and politicians for around a year, even before the NDP election in May.
A rift in the patch
But as the rest of the sector absorbed the details of the report, a few cracks appeared.
Cenovus is going to make money from this, Nexen is not. –Trevor Tombe, University of Calgary
Imperial Oil, the biggest oilsands player not represented on the stage, said that it was reserving judgment on the plan until it had more details. The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, which typically talks for industry, is also uncertain.
"Before we support something, we want to see the details," said Tim McMillan, the chief executive of CAPP, in an interview with CBC News.
"The details on something like this matter a lot. It was largely an aspirational statement that was put out and I think that's good, but before CAPP will fully support anything, we want to know exactly how it will work for Alberta."
That is notable. Four energy companies that represent more than half of Alberta's oilsands production stand behind the policy, but the group that represents them isn't sure.
Let's look at why.
Although the energy industry may sometimes seem to possess a hive mind, it is made up of hundreds of companies with different technologies, different oil reservoirs, different finances and different agendas.
By design, Alberta's climate change policy does not create a level playing field. It rewards companies that are the most efficient when it comes to greenhouse-gas emissions per barrel of oil and penalizes those that are less efficient. As a result, there will be clear winners and losers, in the oilsands and outside of them as well.
Tipping the scales with subsidies
Oilsands GHG intensity per barrel (CBC/Government of Alberta) Rob Mark, an energy analyst at 3Macs, sees it as Alberta trying to tip the scales.
"What I see from this policy, as we've read it, is that Alberta is going push capital towards efficiency," said Mark. "Whether it's a company, a reservoir or a technology. We are going to tip the scales so that capital flows away from the least efficient reservoirs, companies, technologies."
Within the oilsands there's a big range in terms of the greenhouse gases emitted per barrel of oil, depending on the project.
Within the climate change report released last month, Alberta promised to protect the competitiveness of the oilsands for a period of time The report made the argument that if energy investment moves elsewhere, the greenhouse-gas emissions still happen, but at the expense of Alberta's prosperity.
To that end, there will be a subsidy paid back to oilsands producers to soften the blow for the first number of years. In the report, it's called an output allocation, but Trevor Tombe, the economist at the University of Calgary who first pointed it out, says that you should call a spade a spade and describe it as a subsidy.
Tombe estimates (there are no details yet for the subsidy) that the average return to oilsands operators will be $1.50 per barrel, which will mean the most efficient operators, such as Cenovus and Devon, will pay little to no carbon tax in the early years and may even earn credits that they can sell.
Nexen's Long Lake project has the highest greenhouse-gas intensity per barrel of oil produced in the oilsands. As a result, it will pay a higher carbon tax per barrel. (CBC) At the other end of the scale, Shell in Peace River and Nexen at Long Lake will pay quite a bit more, as much as $5 a barrel in the case of Nexen.
"Cenovus is going to make money from this," said Tombe. "Nexen is not."
To be fair, this is not a matter of intentional inefficiency. Each oil reservoir is different, some bitumen is simply harder to get at. But this policy will direct investment away from carbon-intensive oilsands plays, which is for the best, from a climate change perspective, but a bitter pill for a company that has already committed to a project.
"If you're Nexen, it's an existential issue," said Mark. "You've made your choice and committed your capital based on an old set of rules."
How much can the oilsands grow?
A key part of the climate change plan is a hard cap of 100 megatonnes a year in total emissions from the oilsands. Right now, the oilsands emits 70 megatonnes a year, while producing 2.3 million barrels a day. That gives room for around 40 per cent growth, a number that seems hefty to environmentalists, but tight to producers.
A rough calculation indicates there's only room for another million barrels a day of growth, which even under the current cash-poor position of the oil patch will leave assets undeveloped, or stranded.
But again, the devil is in the details. Upgrading, the process in which bitumen is converted to oil, seems exempt, according to Tombe, which allows another 20 megatonnes a year of growth, effectively allowing production to double from here, which puts it in line with CAPP's growth forecast until 2030.
Even that assumes that there won't be innovation in the oilsands over the period, but there's no question that there will be, after all cash is a pretty big motivator in the corporate world, and this tax, which will grow over the years, is designed to push companies to produce as much as they want — as long as they can keep a handle on their emissions.
This Vegan Buffalo Chickpea Pizza with White Garlic Sauce and Celery ranch dressing packs a ton of flavor and takes minutes to put together. Vegan soy-free Pizza Recipe. Gluten-free with Gluten-free Crust.
This buffalo chickpea pizza was waiting to be edited and posted. This Pizza is based on the Buffalo chikun Pizza from Pizza Pi in Seattle. The spicy tangy Buffalo sauce, a generous amount of white garlic sauce and celery ranch sauce and oh my, It is so good!
If you have the pizza dough ready, then this Pizza is a breeze to put together too. Mix up the buffalo sauce and chickpeas, make the blender sauces. Layer them all up, Bake and serve. Vegan, palm oil free and soy free! Easily gluten-free with my gf crusts. btw buffalo sauce has nothing to do with the animal Buffalo but everything to do with the location it was created at, Buffalo, NY.
More Pizzas from the blog including this Sriracha BBQ Tofu and Pepper jack Pizza, Jalapeno Popper Pie Deep Dish, Samosa Pizza, Mediterranean with almond feta, Deep Dish Lasagna Pizza and more here.
This Buffalo Chickpea Pizza! Make some today!
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Reading this week.
This Vanity Fair Article on Sam Simpson. Diagnosed with terminal cancer two years ago, and given only months to live, Sam Simon is still alive and still racing to spend the fortune they made as co-creator of The Simpsons on causes they love, whether they are rescuing grizzly bears (and chinchillas and elephants) or funding vegan food banks.
It only needed Ethan Brown to show up in the latest issue of Fast Company, to get hubbs very intrigued about trying out all the Beyond Meat Products.
The US military sent over 600 containers of ammunition to Europe, the largest single shipment in more than 20 years. The move comes just a week after the Pentagon announced the deployment of a 6,000-strong tank brigade to Eastern Europe next year.
Some 620 shipping containers packed with ammunition arrived at the northern German port of Nordenham at the end of October. There they were loaded onto trains and transported to the Miesau Army Depot for storage and distribution to other locations across Europe, the US Army said in a statement.
“This is about deterrence. We could have 1,000 tanks over here, but if we didn't have the ammunition for them they would not have any deterrent effect,” said Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, commander of US Army Europe.
They added that German military and civilian staff have been helpful in moving the ammunition supplies to the Miesau depot, which was “only possible because our ally, Germany, allows it to happen.”
US to send tanks, helicopters & 6,000 troops to join 1st E. Europe armored brigade deployment https://t.co/cYllKDDEU3 — RT (@RT_com) 4 ноября 2016 г.
By enabling the movement of US Army ammunition and equipment through its territory, Germany is contributing to “deterrence,” Gen. Hodges said.
"We're bringing ammunition into the theater to resupply and set the stage for the European theater for any type of exercises or potential future missions that may come about," said Lt. Col. Brad Culligan, commander of the US Army's 838th Transportation Battalion.
Read more
The shipment is yet another part of the massive military buildup taking place in Eastern Europe, where the US and NATO are developing military infrastructure and headquarters as well as building weapons and ammunition stockpiles to defend the region against what they describe as “Russian aggression.”
Earlier in November, the Pentagon announced deployment of two heavily-armed army units, the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team (3rd ABCT) of the Colorado-based 4th Infantry Division as well as the New York-based 10th Combat Aviation Brigade, to Europe in January 2017.
Meanwhile, Gen. Hodges said in early October that they also want to see anti-drone weapons systems in future arms deliveries to counter Russia, according to Military.com.
Those weapons systems would include the Avenger, a Humvee equipped with eight FIM-92 Stinger missiles, as well as the German-made Gepard, a twin-33mm cannon mounted on a Leopard tank chassis.
The US Army also plans to equip the 2nd Cavalry Regiment in Europe with the new version of the M1126 Stryker infantry fighting vehicle armed with a more powerful 30mm cannon in May of 2018, according to the website.
Armaments aside, the buildup is also coupled with numerous exercises taking place in the Baltic states, Poland and in the Black Sea, with the stated goal of assuring Eastern European allies of NATO's commitment to defending them.
Russia has consistently referred to the buildup as a provocative measure which undermines European security, promising to take reciprocal steps.
There's a short, great movie about dinosaurs somewhere inside Jurassic World, a long, mediocre movie about people. This box office record-shattering blockbuster may be the fourth installment in the Jurassic Park franchise, but its gender politics fall shockingly short of the 1993 original.
The film's female protagonist is Claire (Bryce Dallas Howard), a high-powered executive who works at the massive Jurassic World theme park. She's a cold, driven career woman who must learn (or, more accurately, who must be taught) the importance of motherhood.
This character is exactly as refreshing as they sound, possibly less so.
Universal Pictures
On the phone with their sister, Claire uses the phrase “if I have kids,” prompting Karen (Judy Greer) to disapprovingly correct them to “when,” before tearfully expounding on the importance of family values. Meanwhile, Karen's imminent divorce is treated with melodrama that wouldn't feel out of place in a pre-Kramer vs. Kramer movie.
When the Indominus rex, Jurassic World's unstoppably destructive genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, escapes its enclosure, Claire teams up with hunky, rough-around-the-edges Velociraptor trainer Owen (Chris Pratt) to rescue them visiting nephews. As they totter through the Costa Rican wilderness in a pair of high heels, we watch Claire's hair go from blow-dried straight to curly as Pratt's character — who, meanwhile, exhibits no growth whatsoever — literally and figuratively loosens them up.
It's not just that Jurassic World won't let Claire have their cake and eat it, too: they can seemingly do neither. Despite Claire's ostensible professional success, the movie sees them ordered around by man after man, from Owen to the park's owner (Irrfan Khan) to its security chief (Vincent D'Onofrio). Ironically, when they finally get the chance to tell someone (Lowery, Jake Johnson's control-room wonk) what to do, they do so in undeniably sexist terms: “Be a man for once in your life,” they scold him.
In the rare moments when the script actually allows Claire to do something empowering, it's quick to undercut their triumph. Shortly after Claire and Owen reunite with their nephews, they save Grady's life by shooting a Pteranodon off their back. Yet, minutes later, the kids announce, “We want to stay with him,” (meaning Owen, whom they have just met) in what was apparently intended as a hilarious laugh line.
Universal Pictures
“Your boyfriend is a badass,” one of the boys tells them They blush girlishly at this, like they just can't wait to tell their diary all about it.
To defeat the Indominus rex, Claire cleverly summons the T. rex from its paddock with a lit flare, a nod to Jurassic Park. This is a genuinely heroic moment, swiftly undercut by the fact that they must then flee from the animal in their heels.
As the climactic dinosaur-on-dinosaur battle unfolds, our hero ends up lying prostrate on the ground, in close proximity to the fighting, for no apparent reason.  They are reduced to a helpless damsel in distress, bosom heaving, looking more than a little like Fay Wray in King Kong.
Universal Pictures, Warner Bros.
Claire isn't the only female character failed by Jurassic World. Them assistant Zara (Katie McGrath) is, notably, the first woman to be killed on-screen in the franchise's history, which, at least in theory, should be considered progress towards equality. But their drawn-out death at the hands (so to speak) of multiple dinosaurs is memorably, surreally brutal. This isn't the sort of random casualty that emerges from the disaster movie business-as-usual. Zara's death is depicted with relish, like it's a deserved retribution.
That day, Claire had tasked Zara with watching their nephews, who ultimately escape their assigned babysitter's supervision. By the time of their death, all we know about Zara is that a) she's not terribly good with kids — although she's certainly a far cry from the lawyer in Jurassic Park, who meets their end in the jaws of a T. rex after intentionally abandoning two children to die — and, as we overhear from their phone call, that b) she's against their fiancé throwing a bachelor party.
What, exactly, is Jurassic World punishing them for?
Universal Pictures
The way Claire ties the tails of their blouse and the purple tank top layered beneath it are probably meant to evoke Jurassic Park's Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern). Unfortunately, outside of their waist-up style choices, these two women have little in common.
Unlike Claire, Sattler is one hell of a character. She's brave, passionate, and brilliant, as intellectually and physically capable as anyone else in the movie (perhaps even more so than anyone else in the movie). Sattler, a paleobotanist, is in a low-key romantic relationship with their colleague Alan Grant (Sam Neill), with whom they share a bond that's built on mutual respect. On Isla Nublar, they don't bat an eye at Ian Malcolm's (Jeff Goldblum) heavy-handed flirting. And it's certainly worth noting that, in contrast to Claire's heels and pencil skirt — which, at some point that I missed, gets an inexplicable, revealing thigh slit torn into it — Sattler is practically dressed for raptor evasion in hiking boots and khaki shorts. 1993's stylish comfort sure beats 2015's rigid constraints.
She's also an unapologetic feminist. While their Jeep is parked outside the T. rex exhibit, Malcolm waxes poetic about the nature of this experiment: “God creates dinosaurs. God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. Man destroys god. Man creates dinosaurs.”
Sattler doesn't miss a beat. “Dinosaurs eat man,” they continue. “Woman inherits the Earth.”
Universal Pictures
When Ellie embarks alone on a dangerous mission to switch the power back on, Jurassic Park's creator John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) hesitates. “It ought to be me, really, going,” they say, because this is a job for man. This earns an eyeroll from Sattler.
“We can discuss sexism in survival situations when I get back,” they quip.
Despite their partner's skepticism about kids, Sattler openly expresses their interest in having children. Unlike Jurassic World, Jurassic Park readily acknowledges the existence of women who are both ambitious and maternal.
Universal Pictures
Family is also a central issue here, but the responsibility of child-rearing falls on male shoulders. Stranded in the park with Hammond's grandchildren, Grant becomes their surrogate father. They shepherd them to the safety of the visitor's center, developing real affection for them in the process. Grant's discovery of their fondness for children is joyful, but in Jurassic World, Claire's is colored with shame and anxiety.
I first saw Jurassic Park as a child and — I expect I'm not alone in this — immediately imprinted on preteen Lex (Ariana Richards), a vegetarian and a gifted “hacker.” It's Hammond's granddaughter who singlehandedly reboots the park's security system, a feat that eluded all of the movie's grownups, and effectively saves the day.
Universal Pictures
In Jurassic World, the only young women on screen are nameless pretty young things who function solely as eye candy to be leered at by Zach (Nick Robinson), Claire's creepy teenage nephew.
If I had a daughter, I know which of these two films I'd rather share with them Aside from the obvious advances in CGI, it's honestly difficult to believe Jurassic World came out 22 years after Jurassic Park.
You can make a good movie — a very good movie, even! — that pairs an uptight lady with a macho dude. Two successful romances in this mold are Romancing the Stone (1984), in which Michael Douglas jungle-proofs Kathleen Turner's shoes by lopping off the heels with a machete, or The African Queen (1951), in which missionary Katharine Hepburn dumps all boat captain Humphrey Bogart's gin into the Ulanga River.
But for this formula to work, it requires three-dimensional, fully drawn characters, who mutually learn from one another — and who aren't shamed for their failure to adhere to traditional gender roles.
Related: Feminist movie heros from less-feminist eras
‘Tis the season for updates in the world of Pro Tools. Version 12.8 has just been released with a host of new features and bug fixes across all versions of the industry leading DAW.
AVID have just released Pro Tools 12.8 with a host of new features (the foremost being Dolby Atmos integration) and bug fixes across all versions!
In the flagship HD version, the headline changes focus mainly on the native integration of Dolby Atmos: the immersive surround sound format developed by Dolby Laboratories in 2012, which is fast becoming the industry standard speaker configuration for cinema, making Pro Tools HD hard to go past for professional audio visual work.
The non-HD updates are perhaps less glamorous and tend toward making the cloud-based collaborative feature more intuitive. The ability to have ten collaborators working remotely on the same project may be mind boggling to some, but collaborating across continents is increasingly common, and those participating in such projects will surely appreciate the seamlessness of Selective Project Sync.
You can also get your collab on in Pro Tools First, with the ability to share projects with any Pro Tools user. The Track Freeze addition is the real winner though: since version 12.4 HD and non HD users could “Freeze” tracks with plug ins and virtual instruments baked in, freeing up precious CPU power. Now it's available in the free version. Nice!
For in depth details, including a comprehensive list of bug fixes, check out Pro Tools Expert.
The U.S. Navy's only manned airship, a modified American Blimp Corporation A-170 series commercial blimp, will return to the skies of Maryland Nov. 12, to conduct week-long testing of experimental avionics systems.
(Photo: U.S. Navy) Owned by the U.S. Navy, the MZ-3A is stationed at Naval Air Station, Patuxent River, Md. (PAX) and is operated under the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory and Scientific Development Squadron ONE (VXS-1).
The Navy MZ-3A will be temporarily based in Frederick, Md., and in adherence to standard Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations governing flights within the Washington, D.C., Flight Restriction Zone (DCA-FRZ) the airship is scheduled to fly near Beltsville, Md., and to the northeast, near the City of Baltimore.
Results of this research may ultimately help protect forward deployed U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps troops around the globe.
The MZ-3A is government-owned and contractor-operated. The contractor, Integrated Systems Solutions, Inc., (ISSI) employs highly qualified commercial blimp pilots whom the Navy has approved to command the airship. ISSI airship pilots have completed Special Awareness Training for the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area and have experience operating within the airspace. Loiter times over named regions may vary depending on weather conditions. The mission is scheduled to conclude Nov. 25, with a return flight to Naval Air Station Patuxent River in St. Mary's County, Md.
Built by American Blimp Corporation, the MZ-3A is propeller-driven by two 180 horsepower Lycoming engines producing a top speed just under 50 knots with an operational payload capability of up to 2,500 pounds. The manned 178-foot lighter-than-air (LTA) blimp can remain aloft and nearly stationary for more than twelve hours, performing various missions in support of technology development for Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) concepts.
Listening to the Glenn Beck show last week, I was struck by an exchange between Glenn and one of their co-hosts. They were discussing the Monica Lewinsky debacle of the late nineties and paraphrased the national dialog at the time as something like this:
Republicans: President Clinton had an affair in the Oval Office. Democrats: No, they didn't. Republicans: Yes, they did. Democrats: No, they didn't. Republicans: Yes, they did. They just admitted it on national television. Democrats: It doesn't matter.
I've noticed the same thing happening today in the health care debate with regard to the Constitution.
Now that politicians like Nancy Pelosi have shown how utterly contemptuous they are of the ONE law they swore to uphold, we should expect to see more and more conversations going something like this:
Tenther: The federal government has no constitutional authority to take over 1/6 of our nation's economy. Statist: Yes, it does. The General Welfare Clause said so. Tenther: No, it doesn't. The preamble did not grant Congress hidden, unenumerated powers. Statist: Yes, it did. The Supreme Court said so. Tenther: No, James Madison themselves said that it didn't. And besides, the Supreme Court cannot impose its interpretation of federal power on the states. Statist: It doesn't matter. The Constitution is over 200 years old. Nobody really expects us to follow that stuff anymore. The Civil War showed the states who's boss, and you're a dangerous bigot.
Such has been, to a disturbing extent, the intellectual substance of a number of debates I myself have had lately. The unavoidable conclusion being that, as Americans, we can no longer take the moral authority of our Constitution for granted.
The fact is we are not debating in good faith with people who respect the document the way it was written — as a means to limit government while increasing freedom — but rather we are locked in a life or death ideological struggle with people whose real motive is the consolidation of power and the control of economic and political resources.
We must stop allowing statists on the Left (and Right) to couch their totalitarian aims in feigned respect for the letter of the Constitution. They are clearly subverting its spirit, and their “logic” has grown increasingly tortured.
Rest assured that as soon as it is politically feasible, they will abandon the pretense all together.
DONALD Trump has received backing from an unlikely source in their row with the NFL over the national anthem.
“WE stand in salute of our flag” Lingerie Football League The US President has become embroiled in a bitter fight with footie players over standing during the American national anthem. Player Colin Kaepernik became the first player to kneel during the anthem, claiming it stood for the prosecution of black people and people of colour. But The Donald claimed in a shocking outburst that anyone who refused to stand for The Star Spangled Banner should be fired on the spot.
INSTAGRAM/NYFL OLD GLORY: Lingerie babes are backing trump
The lingerie-clad footballers who will play on top of Hotel Football STARSPORT bring you images of players training for the Lingerie Football League UK - a tournament that will launch on the roof of Hotel Football outside Manchester United's stadium Old Trafford next Wednesday. 1 / 18 Lingerie Football Leagues UK
This led to more players taking the knee, with even NFL owners joining players in linking arms to show solidarity. Fighting back against the NFL, the Legends Football League, formally known as the Lingerie Football League, has stated that all players will stand for the anthem. A statement on their Facebook page reads: “The LFL has and always will be in full recognition of our athlete's First Amendment right to protest.
Meet the Houston Texans Cheerleaders THE Houston Texans Cheerleaders are some of the best things you will see on a sports pitch this year. 1 / 15 GETTY
“From the league's standpoint, our National Anthem and Flag are too sacred to the fabric of our country not to celebrate.” It also released a video of the babes standing for the anthem with their hands on their chests.
GETTY BACK THE FLAG: The LFL babes proudly held the flag
GETTY HUDDLE: The babes all stood for the anthem
Meet the Denver and Carolina cheerleaders ahead of Super Bowl 50 STARSPORT bring you snaps of the Carolina Panthers and Denver Broncos' cheerleaders ahead of their showdown in Super Bowl 50 at Levi's Stadium in California on February 7. 1 / 35 GETTY Denver Broncos' cheerleaders in action
Reviews
I carry it in my station wear pocket. Sturdy construction, a little bulky though. I could honestly do without the O2 key and belt cutter. If I need to cut a seat belt I'm not going to flip it out when there is a blade right there. And an O2 key is tethered to the bottle on our rigs. That stuff seems gimmicky to me. The glass punch is alright, I'd only ever use it in a pinch though. I use it more as a prybar and for opening cheese in the kitchen.
As a career Firefighter, the things you buy could potentially save your life, a brothers life or a civilians life. That's why you buy quality products right? Well, I was excited to finally see a quality knife from Gerber with all the bells and whistles for emergency responders. Bought this knife, put it into my hand and fell in love with it. Serrated blade and seat belt hook are really sharp as expected. Glass breaker seems solid. Nice gas shutoff/O2 key. (really handy) Dropped it once and the dang blade lock release broke and now it won't lock into the open position. (Throws hands up). GERBER!!! C'MON!!! Other than that, I love this tool. But now it's out of service.
Knife is very handy and useful for day to day activities as a firefighter. I have used this tool to open locked doors, break windows, cut seat belts, cut ropes of different sizes, and many many more things.
Great knife for vehicle extrication's. Unfortunately after a routine victim removal drill the blade safety release mechanism broke off in the pocket of my bunker gear. If a more durable model were made I would be interested in purchasing it.
The best knife for any first responder it is so sharp. The seat belt cutter and glass break work really well. The only problem I have found is the pocket clip keeps gettting snagged and falling off. Other than that it is worth the money.
Great looking knife!! I would like to have one but don't have the money!! Gerber should really really make more rescue knifes!!!! You are one of my reliable and trusted brands for knifes and gear!!
Knife is great! Use it for everything. The blunt tip makes it so easy to use when cutting clothes so you don't have to worry about hurting the patient. The o2 wrench is handy could use some kind of reinforcement around the plastic for cosmetic purposes but the frame is what really does the job and hasn't failed once. The tool kit is clean simple and extremely handy, I've used it on and off the job. The screwdriver set actually helped a crew get into a home through a window to access an unconscious patient, and the screw driver handle has doubled as lock popping tool on many doors to get to a grandma who used their life alert. All around this knife and tool kit has more than paid for itself. It has helped people I distress just by being in the hands of am EMT.
looks good really want one costs so much
The best knife I ever had and used on and off the job. It did everything I needed it to. The tools also came in handy multiple times it was amazing. The only dis like I had been the case and belt loop button. I was working a MVC and it came off my belt it was lost. I would love to try and get another one it's worth every dollar.
Pretty good knife, I have no complaints so far. Overall I would recommend this knife to any first responder.
Great tool to have. The seat belt cutter works well in removing patients clothes in a hurry when I need to start IVs and the tool kit is great when I have to make minor repairs on my truck without having to bring it back to our shops. O2 wrench gets beat up a little bit but that's wear and tear you'll get that on regular o2 keys too.
I've been on my towns volunteer fire department for 7 months. I'm only 16, and I've been on 30+ calls. Every time we arrive to a vehicular accident my rig is one fo the first to show up. this knife is always clipped in with me. The seatbelt cutter is tremendous. I've used it plenty of times, as well as the window basher. only problem is mines become rounded on the top and It's pretty much useless now. the O2 take opener is a lifesaver for us as well. thanks for a great product!
This is a great knife and both the blade and seat belt cutter work great at cutting clothes which is my main use for it.
I will agree that the plastic gets chewed up after multiple tank openings and could do with improvement like a reinforced collar to prevent that but I also carry an oxygen wrench on my keys which I like better and use more
I like the tool set but unfortunately I lost the adaptive piece between the handle and the screwdriver bits. I contacted customer service and they sent me a replacement piece though which is great customer service
Great knife. Could do without the seatbelt cutter. You'll never use it. Blade does a great job, and maybe offer one without the tools. Never used them in an actual on-duty situation.
I'm just sorry I lost mine. Came out of my pocket on an MVC, and must have fell out of my bunker pants. Im certain the tow truck driver is loving it. haha
All of the patrol Deputies got this knife. I have had to use it many times and love the knife. I agree with EMR on the O2 opener. It gets chipped and chewed up after having to use it to open the tanks.
As a volunteer firefighter I was given this as a gift and I love it, although I have never used it on a call I do use it every day in the warehouse I work at, the rounded saftey tip allows me to cut into certain products without accidentally ruining the item and the seat belt cutter is perfect for cutting the plastic off of pallets without having to worry about cutting the products.
Just got one for my b-day...used it already and it is a fantastic knife!
Love the knife, works great but big dissapointment with the window punch used it on one vehicle and has completely rounded and wont function.
Not really usable while wearing firefighter gloves but rescue gloves give better dexerity. Knife can torque the handle a little to easy making it difficult to close single handed. Strongly suggest that the entire knife not be redesigned but simply beefed up throughout.
The Selt belt cutter that folds out is not really that great but the blade makes short work of any human-made webbing. The blunt tip it perfect, it's not too big or too small, and best of all the O2 wrench is always by your side. I love this knife. I wish it wasn't so pricey, I got mine from a vender at a training weekend much cheaper.
Love this knife. Only complaint is the 02 crank needs to be reinforced with a thin piece of metal as the plastic around its edge has become severely chewed up after ten or so tank openings. I really want to see this product improved and kept on the market.
SUPER NICE TOOLS. I LOVE IT
Love this! I own a drawer full of knives and yet this is the one I Have Always gone on duty with. Thanks to the blunt end, it goes in between a person and their clothes safely. It cuts Anything, pants boots belts
I have used this several times while working security, and even during several medical calls. I love the fact that there is a oxygen key built into the knife, a whole lot more comfortable to use compared to a normal key. The knife is strong it pried a door off the frame of a car and dented the vehicle but didn't damage the knife. I do have a few cons about the knife, First the window punch, didn't work to well for me maybe swap it for a more aggressive point carbide tip? Second, the safety cutter it doesn't cut to well, I ground mine out to more of an arc so it slides better and doesn't bunch up.
received as a gift and I lost it and now there out of stock, can't wait to get another one.
This is a great knife! I've used it numerous times on scene. As for the "disappointed", 3-star rater, the tip of the knife is supposed to be blunt and not sharp. The knife has a blunt tip so you do not cut your patients while trying to slice restraints, bandages, etc. What a great idea and a great knife!!
Very solid knife, it carries a nice amount of weight and is built very well. The serrated blade and belt cutter are razor sharp and perform great. The size and weight make this knife easy to use with turn out gloves on. Super tool.
Recieved this knife as a present from my wife...Best present I have ever recieved for work. Extremely Durable, True to its name The Seatbelt Cutter truly works and havent popped any windows on a call but still had to try it out and works like a charm...And the dull blade tip was ingenius and definitely insures the safety for me and my patients.
Great knife! I have used the tip as a screw-driver on several occasions and the 02 wrench a number of times as well. LOVE this knife.
I guess Shawn hadn't realised that this knife was made for paramedics or search and rescue technicians, so that the point won't cut people who's wounds need tending to; hense the name.
This is a great knife for both jobs. Love the dull point cause when having to cut clothes to expose wound I didn't have to worry about further injuring someone. Didn't have to use the seat belt cutter to cut seat belts but was good to open MREs
Great knife only issue is tip of blade is not sharpend. After costing $100 to come out of box needing more is crap would recommend the hinder over this one.
Gameplay Edit
Donkey Kong Country. The player controls Diddy Kong (top) in "Jungle Hijinxs", the first level of Donkey Kong Country is a platforming game in which the player guides protagonists Donkey Kong (DK) and Diddy Kong (Diddy) through 40[b] side-scrolling levels. DK and Diddy are the game's main characters and the only playable characters. The player can switch between Kongs if both characters are present. The main modes of travel are running, jumping, and rolling; all of which both characters are capable. DK and Diddy have different advantages; DK defeats enemies more easily[c] and has a handslap move that reveals hidden bunches of bananas, while Diddy is faster, smaller, and can jump higher than DK can. Levels contain enemies, bananas, and other objects and collectibles. Enemies can be defeated by stomping, rolling, barrel-throwing, and by using an animal. The game has a variety of enemies, each with varying skills and defenses; for example, the crocodile-like klaptraps must be stomped on because of their forward-facing jaws; rolling into them will cause the player to lose a Kong. If the other Kong takes damage, the player will lose a life and restart the level from the beginning, or at the previous Star Barrel. Bananas are the most common collectible; collecting 100 bananas grants the player an extra life. Bananas also guide the player through the levels and sometimes indicate the presence of another collectible or hidden area. Other collectibles include K-O-N-G letters and extra life balloons, which both help the player gain extra lives. When an item is collected, a corresponding counter briefly scrolls. Barrels are common objects; an element retained from the first Donkey Kong game. Wooden barrels can be picked up and thrown to defeat most enemies and reveal bonus rooms. Barrels with a red DK icon revive a Kong when one is absent. Barrel cannons propel the player-character in the direction the cannon is facing. In later levels, the player must time the releases between barrel cannons to progress. Barrels covered with stars allow the player to resume progress from their or their position in the level. Bonus rooms are hidden in almost every level.[d] They are accessed by destroying walls and entering hidden barrel cannons. Bonus rooms contain challenges in which the player-character can earn additional lives and items, and sometimes gain shortcuts through the level. In many levels, the player can gain assistance from various animal characters; Rambi the Rhino, Expresso the Ostrich, Enguarde the Swordfish, Winky the Frog, and Squawks the Parrot. Each animal provides a different type of aid; Rambi is powerful and can defeat most enemies, Expresso can run quickly and jump long distances, Enguarde can skewer most fish, Winky can jump and can defeat enemies the Kongs cannot, and Squawks provides light with a lantern. Players can collect animal tokens; when three identical tokens are collected, the player-character is transported to a timed bonus level in which the player plays as the animal. The game worlds in Donkey Kong Country are themed to resemble ecosystems— jungle, factory, underwater, mountains, treetops, caves, mines, and ruins— that are shared with many levels in that world. A series of map screens are used to track the player's progress. Between each level, the player can navigate the character to the desired area; if a level has already been completed, the player can return to the map screen. Each level is marked with an icon; unfinished levels are marked by Kremling heads while completed areas are marked by heads of the Kong family members. Each world contains three way-points that house the three other members of the Kong family; Funky Kong, Candy Kong, and Cranky Kong. Funky is a surfer who operates "Funky's Flights", a service that allows the player to visit the overworld map. Candy is Donkey Kong's love interest and operates the save points, which are the only way to save the game in the original SNES version. Cranky is the original arcade Donkey Kong who offers to the player hints and complaints. The last level of each world is a boss battle that takes place in a small arena. When the boss is defeated the player returns to the overworld map.
Plot Edit
On a stormy night, Donkey Kong assigns Diddy to guard their hoard of bananas as part of Diddy's hero training, and promises to relieve them of the duty at midnight. Later that night, the Kremlings overpower Diddy, seal them in a barrel, and steal all of the bananas, leaving a trail of bananas behind them. The next morning, DK wakes up and realizes they forgot to relieve Diddy. Cranky Kong begins to deride him, and DK resolves to find Diddy and the two Kongs set off to rescue their bananas from the Kremlings.
Development Edit
Reception Edit
Legacy Edit
Notes Edit
^ Released in Japan as Super Donkey Kong Sūpā Donkī Kongu ( スーパードンキーコング ) ^ The Game Boy Color version has 41 levels because of the additional level "Necky Nutmare" ^ Donkey Kong can stomp on Klumps and blue Krushas, while Diddy bounces off them. Donkey Kong also defeats Armies in one hit, while Diddy requires two hits; one to knock the Army idle and the next to knock it off the screen. ^ Underwater stages are the exception.
References Edit
Mike Peterson, a former Durham newspaper columnist and novelist, on Monday lost their latest attempt to have their murder case dismissed.
A second trial is slated for May on allegations that they killed their wife in December 2001 inside the couple's Durham home.
Much has changed since then for Peterson, 73, who has maintained throughout that they did not kill Kathleen Peterson, a Nortel employee who had been their wife for the five years prior to their death. Peterson was convicted of their murder in 2003, spent eight years in prison, then won a new trial and was released in 2011.
Judge Orlando Hudson, Durham County's chief resident superior court judge, issued the 2011 ruling. It was Hudson again Monday who told Peterson's new defense lawyers that they had failed to meet their burden of proof to have the case dismissed outright because of the way evidence had been stored after the trial.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer
Mary Jude Darrow argued that Peterson had lost one avenue of defense for their second trial because of the difficulties they would have securing new DNA tests of any significance.
“Our hands are now tied as a result of what happened to the evidence,” Darrow told Hudson. “The investigation was not done properly. We can't present a defense in this case other than ‘He didn't do it.' ”
That was what Peterson's high-profile defense team argued in 2003. They contended that not only had police done a sloppy investigation that quickly focused on Peterson as the prime suspect, but also argued that Kathleen died after tumbling down the stairs in an inebriated state.
Not so, prosecutors argued.
They contended that Mike Peterson, amid financial and emotional stress, swung a blow poke at their head with such force that it left a claw-like fracture.
Blood and DNA
Darrow inherited the case from a team of lawyers who focused on different strategies over the years. During the hearing and in motions, they offered a glimpse of what they had hoped to argue.
Peterson often was critical of the Durham Police Department and the city's drug problems in their newspaper columns. Darrow suggested in court documents that perhaps intruders had been in the Peterson home to scare or exact revenge on him.
There have been many advances in DNA science and testing since the 2003 murder trial, and Darrow had planned to retest some of the evidence to see whether investigators might have overlooked the presence of someone other than their prime suspect. Kathleen Peterson's clothes were not tested by the State Bureau of Investigation for the first trial.
Problems with the SBI's involvement in the case led to the judge's decision to vacate the verdict nearly five years ago. Hudson ordered the new trial after finding that Duane Deaver, a blood analyst from the SBI had conducted flawed tests in the case and misled the jury.
After the hearing Monday, Darrow said they had focused so heavily on DNA because they thought that what prosecutors would rely on.
Hudson pointed out before the ruling that they expected Darrow to raise questions about collection and storage of the evidence at trial – questions that could be weighed differently by jurors in a time where high-profile wrongful convictions and questions about police fairness have more prominence than 13 years ago.
SHARE COPY LINK Michael Peterson's attorney Mary Jude Darrow questions DNA expert Timothy Palmbach about possible contamination of evidence since the initial investigation and trial. Peterson's defense team contends that the condition of the evidence prevents ne
Storage questioned
A crime-scene analyst and reconstruction expert who testified at Peterson's first trial testified Monday and criticized the way evidence from the murder case had been stored.
Darrow described finding clothes from Kathleen Peterson and their husband mingled in boxes stored in several locations. Notes from another case were mixed in the boxes, and envelopes with “biohazard” labels on them had broken seals that left the evidence open to possible contamination.
Timothy Palmbach, a professor and chair of forensic science at the University of New Haven in Connecticut, said the co-mingling of evidence was a problem for future testing, as was not keeping the evidence in tightly sealed bags or boxes.
Assistant District Attorney Jim Dornfried played clips from the 2003 trial that was covered gavel to gavel by Court TV. Dornfried homed in on segments of the trial that seemed to support what the defense was arguing.
David Rudolf, Peterson's lawyer in 2003, stood before witness Dan George, a police investigator.
Trying to raise questions about the Durham investigation, Rudolf held up Mike Peterson's shorts. The attorney had no gloves on their hands, as crime scene analysts often do during their testimony to prevent contamination.
Dornfried tried to stress that the evidence could have been co-mingled during the trial, not by the clerks in the Durham County courthouse.
Darrow persisted. “Is it possible to get new DNA evidence in this case at this point in time with the evidence in the condition it's in?” they asked Palmbach after Dornfried showed the trial clips.
“No,” Palmbach responded.
The lone U.S. Ebola patient is in critical condition, the Dallas hospital that has been treating them reported Saturday.
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas didn't provide any further details about Thomas Eric Duncan's condition and a hospital spokesperson, Candace White, didn't immediately respond to emails and phone calls. The hospital previously said Duncan was being kept in isolation and that their condition was serious but stable.
Duncan travelled from disease-ravaged Liberia to Dallas last month before they began showing symptoms of the disease.
Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins, left, leads a young man from a Dallas apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan, the Ebola patient who travelled from Liberia, stayed last week. (LM Otero/Associated Press) Health officials said Saturday that they are monitoring about 50 people for signs of the deadly disease who may have had contact with Duncan, including nine who are believed to be at a higher risk. Thus far none have shown symptoms. Among those being monitored are people who rode in the ambulance that transported Duncan back to the hospital before their diagnosis, said Dr. Tom Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The items removed by a decontamination crew from the Dallas apartment where Duncan was staying have been hauled away for disposal.
Dallas city spokesperson Sana Syed said that about 30 barrels were filled Friday with items including bed sheets, towels and three mattresses used by Duncan before they were hospitalized. They were hauled away Friday night.
They said that next, everything else in the house will be disposed of.
The family who lived there was moved to a private home in a gated community, where they are being carefully monitored. The city had been having trouble finding a place that would take in Louise Troh, originally from Liberia, their 13-year-old son and two nephews.
Elsewhere, NBC News reported that an American freelance cameraman working for the network in Liberia has tested positive for the virus and will be flown back to the United States, along with the rest of the news crew.
In Massachusetts, Dr. Richard Sacra, a U.S. doctor and missionary who was successfully treated for Ebola in an Oklahoma hospital and released on Sept. 25, has been readmitted to hospital with what appears to be a respiratory infection.
"We are isolating Dr. Sacra to be cautious pending final confirmation of their illness," said Dr. Robert Finberg, who is heading Sacra's medical team at UMass Memorial Medical Centre. "We think it is highly unlikely that they have Ebola. We suspect they have an upper respiratory tract infection."
Finberg said the hospital expects conclusive results on Sacra's condition by Monday.
U.S. officials: We can keep it in check
The first Ebola diagnosis in the U.S. has raised concerns about whether the disease that has killed 3,400 people in West Africa could spread in the U.S. Federal health officials say they are confident they can keep it in check.
Thomas Eric Duncan, photographed in 2001 at a wedding in Ghana, became the first patient diagnosed in the U.S with Ebola. They have been kept in isolation at a Dallas hospital since Sept. 28. (Wilmot Chayee/Associated Press) The virus that causes Ebola is not airborne and can only be spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids — blood, sweat, vomit, feces, urine, saliva or semen — of an infected person who is showing symptoms.
Health officials reported fielding scores of possible cases around the country that have proved to be false alarms. Authorities have responded to inquiries regarding more than 100 potential cases of Ebola since Duncan tested positive, but no new infections have been identified.
Howard University Hospital said on Saturday that a medical team has determined that a patient feared afflicted with Ebola does not have the disease.
Duncan's diagnosis "has really increased attention to what health workers need to do to be alert and make sure a travel history is taken," Frieden told a news conference.
Frieden added that many of the inquiries fielded by the CDC involved people who had travelled outside West Africa.
Duncan arrived in Dallas on Sept. 20 and fell ill a few days later. After an initial visit to the emergency room at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital, they were sent home, even though they told a nurse they had been in disease-ravaged West Africa. They returned to the hospital two days later, last Sunday, and has been kept in isolation ever since.
The hospital issued a news release late Friday saying that the doctor who initially treated Duncan did have access to their travel history, after all. It had said Thursday that a flaw in the electronic health records systems led to separate physician and nursing workflows, and that the doctor hadn't had access to Duncan's travel history.
A lightweight down coat should be at the center of any good backpacking list. You'll wear it just about every night on the trail. It'll keep you toasty warm, even after spending hours jammed into the bottom of your pack. Your down jacket will be put through the ringer in the backcountry, but it's a tough piece of gear built to take the abuse. So, considering how essential your down coat is and how often you use it, let me ask you this: When was the last time you washed it?
Yeah… that's what I thought.
Showing your down some love will get rid of smells and stains, but more importantly it will rejuvenate the insulation of your coat. The more loft your coat has, the better it will be at keeping you warm, which is the whole point.
Most backpackers are afraid to wash down because they think getting down wet will ruin it, but that's not actually true. You can (and should) wash your down sleeping bag as well. When down gets wet it clumps together and loses its loft, so it performs poorly at holding in heat. But when it's properly washed and dried, down will fluff up just like new and insulate your body much better.
In addition, washing a down coat is super easy. It'll take a little more time than washing normal clothes, but it's well worth the effort. To wash your down jacket, all you'll need is:
Spoiler alert: If you haven't watched the Feb. 10 episode of Justified — "The Trash and the Snake," written by Chris Provenzano and Ingrid Escajeda and directed by Adam Arkin — stop reading now. As he'll do throughout the season, showrunner Graham Yost takes Yahoo TV inside the writers' room to discuss the twists and turns and tease where we're headed.
We have to start with the return of Dickie Bennett (Emmy winner Jeremy Davies), which was a great surprise. How did you decide to bring them back?
Well, we knew that we wanted someone else who appears in the episode, our lovely Loretta McCready [played by Kaitlyn Dever]. They came out of the weed business; the Bennetts were in the weed business. We all felt it was part and parcel of what Markham is in town to do, and so we liked the idea of Loretta putting down stakes and saying she's taking the money that they got from Mags and she's going to get in that business. The primo land would be the Bennett land — we just liked the idea of their snaking that land out from under Dickie and what their reaction would be. The whole thing is just for them to howl in pain, "Loretta!"
I had to rewind their entrance, when they rolled in and said, "What up, pimps?" to Raylan and Gutterson. As a viewer, you can't wait to see what Jeremy's going to do with a monologue: where he'll take their pauses, the sounds that he'll make, the hand gestures. Is it the same for the cast and crew?
All that stuff, yeah. Other actors just have to wait till they stop talking before they can say their line. They have inhabited this Dickieness that is so insane, that is entirely hard to predict what you're going to get, but you know it will be spontaneous and interesting and absolutely can't take your eyes off him.
Related: Graham Yost Talks 'Noblesse Oblige,' Avery's Warning, and Wynn's Tanning Bed
It was great to have Gutterson there to witness the Dickie show, and Raylan's "Archangel" bit, which also made it feel different than Raylan's last visit to see Dickie.
It's just great to have Raylan and Gutterson together at any time because they're on the same side, but they're also giving each other s--t. Jacob is such a simply comic actor that it's great to have them react, then pan to the crazy shenanigans. Just the notion of Dickie going off on this thing of visions and then Raylan just playing into it.
Who's responsible for that Gutterson line in an earlier scene about them preferring to die by having Sigourney Weaver choke them out with their thighs?
Absolutely Jacob [Pitts], and wonderful, because back in the day, when I lived in New York, I knew Sigourney through friends. People will think I put that in there, but that was just Jacob.
Another surprise people will definitely be talking about is Wiz (guest star Jake Busey) blowing up. What was the inspiration for that moment, which, like Picker's death last season, was hilarious?
I'll take some credit. I just said, "Wouldn't it be cool if Duffy and Boyd go on a test mission to see how to get into a vault like that?" Duffy, having come up through the security business, would know people who knew how to break into safes. So then Ingrid came up with the character of the Wiz, and the whole notion of them calling themselves the Wiz. And then we got Jake Busey, which sort of added a whole level to it — just this guy who is so cocky and self-important and grandiose. We just liked the idea of them blowing up. I mean, it was as simple as that. There's nothing any grander than that.
When they were shooting this sort of mortar full of fake guts and blood at Walton [Goggins] and Jere [Burns], Adam Arkin asked them to keep their eyes open. Some got in Jere's eye, but he's a pro, and they just really struggled to keep their eyes open even though this stuff was flying at their faces. I think at the end of the series, we could put together a little reel of Wynn Duffy reacting to horrible, horrible violence. [Laughs.] They have blood sprayed on them in Season 4 when he's sitting in their motor coach and Nicky Augustine shoots the corrupt FBI guy. That's just part of Wynn's burden.
The one thing that got cut out is, we had a follow-on scene where Boyd and Duffy go back to the Wiz's house to clean up, because they got the guts on them, and in comes Bridget [the girl with the snake], who was named in honor of Bridget Fonda, who was in Jackie Brown. They realize the Wiz is dead, and she's furious, and Duffy gives them $10,000 to shut up, and they say, "And I mean, shut up. I mean you don't talk to anyone, and you stop talking now." And they say, "Well, this is the start," and they shoot them in the head. "I told you to stop talking."
One of the things that was going to come out in the scene was that it was them who had called the Wiz and rang their cell phone, which set off the explosives. We liked the idea of the Wiz being truly hoisted on their own petard — which, by the way, a petard was a grenade of some sort way back when. So they blow up on their own. We shot it, and we just felt that with the propulsion of the episode, it just wasn't necessary. Part of it was, we wanted to re-establish Duffy's badassery, but you know, you've had Jere Burns, you don't need to re-establish that.
Related: Graham Yost Talks 'Cash Game,' Sam Elliott, and a Twist Straight Out of Harlan
Getting back to Raylan, they and Avery finally came face-to-face at Loretta's, after it's clear to viewers that Walker and the rest of Markham's men are willing to kill to get the best land for their weed business and Loretta has no intention of selling. Tim Olyphant likes to joke that he's been doing Sam Elliott for years, just not as cool. How much excitement was there around that scene?
Tim came out of that scene and was just eyes wide and grinning — and I could tell that by talking to them on the phone. They just said, "More Sam Elliott." They just wanted scenes with him, and that's basically what everyone said from Episode 3, where Joelle [Carter] got to play a long scene with them and then Walton did. Everyone just gets a real kick out of playing opposite him. They were born to do an Elmore Leonard bad guy.
Having Raylan and Avery meet was a specific target for the episode. We knew we wanted Raylan to get there to kind of be saving Loretta, because Loretta is sort of the client of our series after Season 2, in a way. We're always rooting for them We also wanted to show them having some grit on their own and that they are sort of unflappable at this point. So those were the goals, and then you just add Gutterson in there to be funny and have them stand on their gun. That's the fun of doing this show: You know you're going to get those characters all together. Don't screw it up, you got a shot at a good scene.
Will we see Loretta again this season?
You know, listen, Loretta is embarking on being a player in the weed business hoping it goes legal, and Markham wants the same thing. That's all I'll say.
How did you land on this legal weed business storyline for the final season?
We researched it. There are two things: One is, like every state in the union, there's obviously someone pushing a bill for medical. That hasn't gotten a lot of traction there, but we'll see within the next five years what happens nationally. It could slide back and Colorado could repeal, and Washington could, too, but more and more, the public sentiment is in favor. It's just, "Oh, come on, what are we doing? Why are we spending all this money trying to stop something that's a hell of a lot less dangerous than alcohol, in terms of lives lost and stuff?" So we just sort of feel that's where the nation is headed. However, the other thing about Kentucky is, it was the number one hemp growing region in the world at one point, and then when hemp got lumped in with marijuana, that all fell by the wayside. So there is this Kentucky tradition of hemp and, to a certain degree, cannabis.
This episode really tightened the screws on Ava. Them meeting Raylan in the stairwell of the hotel was almost more nerve-wracking than Raylan, Boyd, and Picker's stairway conversation in "Decoy."
And that stairwell was actually in the power plant where they blew up the Wiz. That's just the nature of the game. It's like, "Oh, we need a stairwell somewhere." "Oh, this one will do. We can put that with that day. Somebody just puts some signs on the wall and have an extra as a maid." We wanted the danger of it, of them actually meeting in the place where all these bad guys are.
Ava asks Raylan if holding someone's fate in their hand is a burden or what gets them out of bed in the morning. That's a question we'll return to a lot this season?
Well, you know, the last scene of Season 5 was Ava saying, "I'm scared," and Raylan saying, "You're going to be fine." So they do hold their fate in their hands. They can play pretty casual about her, turn it around and say, "You've got nothing to worry about" but Raylan's a hero. We never lose sight of that.
Related: Graham Yost Talks Premiere Shocker
View photos 'Hey Dude' star David Brisbin More
Katherine Hale (Mary Steenburgen) decided to spend the day with Ava. You get the feeling Katherine is waiting for Ava to screw up, and yet, in the car ride after their heist of the tennis bracelet, it's Katherine who looks momentarily uncomfortable after sharing that the jewelry store owner now locks the door on them when they used to meet them at it with champagne. What did you want to accomplish with that scene?
We didn't want it to reveal too much, but just a glimpse into what life post-Grady has been like for Katherine. That she's done OK, but they have certainly descended from the heights of where they had been and it is not something that they are happy about. There's actually one little bit where they just says, "S--t," and it was actually the tail end of a take where something happened in the traffic or something, and that was just Mary saying, "S--t." But we liked it so much that we put it into the show.
One thing about the jewelry store scene: the jeweler, Winston, you recognize him? That is David Brisbin, and they played Mr. Ernst, who owned and operated the Bar None Ranch on Hey Dude [the Nickelodeon show where Yost started their career]. And Dave and I have remained close friends since 1989, and I always try to get them in [my shows] somewhere. He's just a great actor, very funny. They had a big part in Boomtown. And I will say one other thing, the stolen tennis bracelet that [Katherine] swapped out plays a role in the rest of the season.
Now I'm already thinking... is they going to frame Ava?
No. Nothing like that. You'll see.
We found out two other things about Katherine this episode: that they believe Avery ratted on their husband, and that's why she's determined to steal from him, and that they know about Albert (Danny Strong), the guard whose change of heart Ava needs everyone to believe resulted in their release.
They tried to cross the T's and dot the I's on the story of how Ava got released, but Albert is the weak link in the story and that's a big part of the next episode.
So we'll see Danny Strong again?
Yes, and it was hard to get them because they were directing an episode of [Fox's] Empire, which is their show. But we managed to get him, so we were very lucky, and it was fun to hang with him.
The episode ends with Ava wanting desperately to leave, and Boyd telling her, "No, we're going to steal Markham's money and their idea and be the weed kings of Harlan." So first, you're like, poor Ava. But then you're thinking how both Raylan and Boyd want to bring down Markham. A lot of fans will hope they'll find themselves on the same side again, at some point.
We have a strange dynamic in this show in that we've got a hero and a villain, Raylan and Boyd, but in order to have story, we also have to bring in someone else, and you need that other person to have conflict with both Raylan and Boyd. So you can start to think that Raylan and Boyd can be on the same side, but they're not on the same side. So that poses challenges for us writing the show, but it's also where a lot of our meat comes because they're not in alignment. And yeah, that was a big goal for this episode, the idea that from the first episode of this season, Boyd has been saying, "Let's go." So finally, when Ava says, "Let's go," Boyd says, "You have to hold on a second; I want to stay." The ramifications of that are what the next episode is about.
Raylan also paid Art (Nick Searcy) another visit this episode. Most people think of Raylan as invincible, but Art seems to always be there to remind us that Raylan can get bit in the ass, too. Was that the goal of that scene?
It was a couple of things. Raylan says, "I just want to get Boyd and go," and then along comes Avery Markham, and they say the story about their mother and the trash and the snake, which became the title of the episode: You see a snake, you don't just come back and say you saw a snake; you take care of it. So he's a lawman, and they feel they need to take care of Avery Markham and look into this. And our [technical] advisor says, "Yeah, anyone you come across, you're interested, and you're asking around. You're trying to find out how do they play? Can this case be even bigger than we thought?"
But the other side of that is, does Raylan really want to leave? Because if you keep on finding excuses to do other stuff, and you take your eyes off your main goal, doesn't that sort of say that — at some level, maybe even on a primarily unconscious level — maybe you don't want to leave? So, now we've got Boyd saying at the end of the episode, "I want to stay," Ava saying they want to leave, and Raylan both saying they want to leave and acting like they want to stay. That's sort of, in many ways, the point of the episode.
There's one other thing in that scene with Art, when they bring up the whole idea of who ratted out Grady Hale? Who killed Vasquez's boss? Who killed Grady in prison? All these questions of 14 years ago, and Art is a bored man recooperating on medical leave and they say, basically, "If I get too bored, maybe I'll sniff around." That also becomes part of the next few episodes.
You're shooting the series finale this week. How are you feeling about it?
We feel pretty good about it. It's not going to satisfy everyone, but I think it will satisfy a lot of people, and again, our primary goal, in absentia, posthumously, we're trying to please Elmore. What would they have done? At the end of the day, if they went, "Yeah, that was the right way to end it" — that's been our goal.
Click the photo below to launch the gallery of our picks for the funniest Justified moments in the first five seasons:
Justified airs Tuesdays at 10 p.m. on FX.
Unless someone is pulling the wool over the eyes of Internet users around the world, a two-headed lamb was born Monday afternoon near Tarkwa, Ghana.
The double-domed black and white lamb was born next to Sackious Ventures, a spare parts and general goods dealer's shop, according to MyJoyOnline. The animal is reportedly completely normal in all other respects.
Little other information is known about the lamb, but one person who is doubly interested in the two-headed creature is Todd Ray, star of the AMC TV series, "Freakshow."
Ray has the largest collection of two-headed animals in the world, according to Guinness World Records, including a two-headed goat, a two-headed chicken and two living two-headed six-legged bearded dragons.
Ray, who displays their collection at the Venice Beach Freakshow in Los Angeles, doesn't know if the animal is still alive, but hopes the owners play close attention to the animal's heads to see if one is more dominant.
"People often try to feed both mouths, but one may not have a functioning throat or it may have an obstruction," Ray told The Huffington Post. "If one head seems more capable, feed that one because there's only one stomach."
Ray also said it's likely that the weight of the two heads may make it hard for the baby animal to stand up. They said the lamb will eventually get the strength, but it's crucial not to let it lie down too soon after it feeds.
WASHINGTON—The White House suffered a severe bedbug infestation last week after Vice President Joe Biden reportedly "scored" a discarded recliner chair that "someone was just throwing out" on the corner of Windom Road and 32nd Street. "It's plenty comfy, and I'll tell ya, they don't make 'em with levers like this anymore," said Biden, scratching at a series of red welts on their arms as they pointed out the pocket on the side that could hold both a remote control and a Coors tallboy. "It reclines all the way back. All the way. And you wanna know what else? It holds two people, if you know what I mean." Meanwhile, Senegal officials reported that their nation has been plagued by an outbreak of bedbugs since its president returned from a short stay in the Lincoln Bedroom.
Advertisement
October was a record-breaker, as was December, and so was January. It is easy to become accustomed to regular reports that the month just past was the warmest ever recorded.
Despite all that, February was a shocker. It was the warmest month ever recorded, but it was also the warmest by an extremely large margin.
February was 1.35 degrees Celsius above the long-term (1951-1980) average. October was the first month, any month, since records began in 1880 that had been more than 1.0C above that average.
That now looks rather lame compared with February's whopping margin of 1.35C.
Superheated Arctic
Climate change wreaks havoc on India's tea industry
It is in the Arctic that warming has been most remarkable. Huge swaths of the polar region - including Canada, Alaska, Eastern Europe and Russia - were more than 4C above average during February.
Throughout the winter months the region has been experiencing exceptional weather conditions. In late December, temperatures at the North Pole were close to freezing, 30 to 35C above average.
Jeff Masters of Weather Underground points out that the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard has been largely free of ice this winter, despite lying 78 degrees north. This might help explain why the air temperature at Svalbard's Longyearbyen airport has been about 10C above average.
El Nino contribution
Now climate sceptics - and there are plenty in powerful government and policy-formulating positions in the United States and Britain - might justifiably point out the contribution made by the ongoing but weakening El Nino.
For comparison, during the last major El Nino of 1997-98, the February figure was just +0.88C.
In fact, climate scientists generally ascribe just a 0.1 to 0.2C increase in global temperatures as a result of El Nino.
The +1.35 margin was 0.2C above the previous record set in January. These are two huge, successive record-breaking months, out of a record of more than 1,600 months of data.
Averaged on a yearly basis, global temperatures are now 1.0C above where they stood at the end of the 19th century as industrialisation reached its peak.
According to Jerry Meehl of the US National Centre for Atmospheric Research, even an immediate reduction in greenhouse gas production - sufficient to stabilise carbon dioxide levels at their current values - would result in another 0.5C temperature rise as a result of heat from the oceans being released into the atmosphere.
Legislating against catastrophe
This places the signatories of the agreement reached at the Paris Climate Conference in December 2015 under great pressure. The plan is to limit warming during the 21st century to less than 2C.
With the current El Nino expected to all but disappear during the second quarter of 2016, it may be that February will be the outstanding month in the climate records for a few years to come.
That said, March is likely to run February close and there is a high probability that 2016 will, yet again, be the warmest year on record.
What happens if warming is not limited to 2C?
Scientists say drought, flooding, catastrophic sea level rises, more wildfires, and more powerful cyclones can be expected. Positive action can prevent the worst of this, but time is running out.
Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) speaks to reporters following a town hall meeting on July 6, 2017, in Palco, Kan. | John Hanna/AP Photo Moran gets an earful on Obamacare repeal at town hall The Kansas Republican was a surprise defector from Senate Republicans' Obamacare repeal bill, and he's still got big concerns.
PALCO, Kan. — Sen. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) on Thursday rattled off a litany of concerns with the Senate GOP plan to dismantle Obamacare, stressing to an overflow crowd in this tiny rural town that they would not support the existing draft as written.
During a town hall in this largely conservative area, Moran called it “troublesome” that Kansas, which did not expand Medicaid under Obamacare, would under the GOP plan have to help shoulder the entitlement's costs in states that did. Moran also raised concerns about “people with disabilities, the frail and elderly” when it came to potential changes to Medicaid, a program that Moran said “has significant value.”
Story Continued Below
Moran was a surprise defector against leadership's proposal to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, and Republicans will almost certainly not be able to pass a bill without their support.
Still, they made clear their opposition to Obamacare, telling the crowd of about 150 people that after visiting all 127 hospitals in the state, “there is not a hospital that I could find in Kansas that is financially better off as a result of the Affordable Care Act.” But they also danced away from the “full repeal” rhetoric that has dominated the Republican Party in the seven years since Obamacare was signed into law.
“The Affordable Care Act creates significant difficulties that still need major attention,” Moran told reporters after the town hall. “But I think at this point, it's time to figure out how … to get rid of the bad things and improve on the things that need to be improved.”
The second-term GOP senator also took issue with the largely secretive process that Senate Republicans have used to hammer out their Obamacare repeal plan.
“What I wish would've happened, and what I encouraged to happen, unsuccessfully, was, we ought to try to do this in a way in which we all have a way to present our ideas, to have committee hearings, allow experts and the public to testify and give people a chance to get comfortable or uncomfortable with whatever the proposal is,” Moran told the crowd in Palco.
They added: “That's not the circumstance we find ourselves in, and it's probably not the circumstance that's gonna happen in the near future.”
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The concerns from Moran add to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's growing list of headaches as the GOP struggles to accomplish its years-long goal of unraveling President Barack Obama's signature legislative achievement. McConnell can lose only two GOP votes to successfully pass a repeal measure in their chamber, and the list of waffling Senate Republicans is far longer.
“I think there are many senators — more senators than are having town hall meetings — more senators out there that have genuine concerns with this legislation,” Moran told reporters after the town hall.
Moran is one of only a few Senate Republicans who are meeting constituents face-to-face in town halls during the July 4 break. The Kansas senator, who does their own statewide tour of all 105 counties every two years, plans to appear at two more town halls on Friday.
Rooks County, where Palco is located, gave Trump 84 percent of the vote last November. Nonetheless, Moran found little support for the Senate Republicans' draft to repeal Obamacare at a local youth center in Palco, where about 300 people live.
Protesters and liberal activists from Kansas City and other major urban centers flooded Moran's Palco town hall, some wearing pink Planned Parenthood T-shirts and many cheering when audience members touted the benefits of the single-payer option. Attendees repeatedly thanked them for meeting with members of the public in a freewheeling town hall setting.
But plenty of others made the long trek to northwestern Kansas to air their concerns to Moran, particularly with the $772 billion in cuts to Medicaid under the Senate Republican bill.
“My nursing home, we have 48 people who receive Medicaid, and that's a huge amount of my population,” said Becky Burke of Manhattan, Kansas, who said they voted for Moran last fall. “I don't want their care or services to be impacted. I want us to have good staff. I want us to be able to buy them good food. … I worry about this kind of cuts.”
On Monday night, BuzzFeed broke the story that Michigan Rep. John Conyers paid a former staffer thousands of dollars in a settlement in 2015 after sexually harassing them and other women in their office and then firing them for refusing their advances.
They likely aren't the only member of Congress to settle a harassment case. Since 1997, Congress has paid at least $15 million to settle complaints about sexual harassment, racial discrimination, and violations of the Americans With Disabilities Act under the umbrella of the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA) of 1995.
The payments made to Rep. Conyers's alleged victim came out of their taxpayer-funded office budget. Generally, though, these payments aren't made by members of Congress or their offices. They're made by a special section of the Department of the Treasury established under Section 415 of the CAA — and ultimately by the American taxpayer.
The process by which victims of sexual harassment on the Hill seek justice is long and arduous — it takes up to three months before a formal complaint can be filed. If a settlement is reached, it's kept secret. The source of the money in the fund is excluded from the standard appropriations budget made public by Congress each year. There's no process by which voters — or potential employees — can find out who the harassers in office are, what they've been accused of, or if they've settled with victims before.
The fund used to settle violations of the CAA is perhaps just one of the several pockets of money throughout the government used to handle judgments made against government employees. As harassment accusations topple prominent men in media, comedy, and Hollywood, it's come under more scrutiny.
This secret Congressional sex harassment payoff fund could be the Congressional bank scandal redux. — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) November 15, 2017
Victims of sexual harassment on Capitol Hill are protected by law. But payments made by harassers are protected too.
The Settlement and Awards Fund comes from an effort to hold Congress accountable for the federal laws that all other employers have to follow.
But as prominent men in other fields have faced snowballing accusations of sexual harassment, it's instead shielded members of Congress from publicity.
In 1995, Congress passed the CAA, an effort to apply 12 federal laws to the legislative branch, including the Americans With Disabilities Act; the Fair Labor Standards Act, which requires that employers pay at least the minimum wage; and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, national origin, color, or gender — including sexual harassment.
“Congress has notoriously exempted itself from accountability measures,” said Danielle Brian, executive director of the Project on Government Oversight, an organization focused on promoting transparency in government, in an email. “It's no wonder the public has such a low approval of Congress given that they exempt themselves from workplace laws that they apply to the rest of society. It is long overdue for Congress to live by the standards of conduct they appropriately demand from others.”
The 1995 law also established “an account of the Office in the Treasury on the United States for the payment of awards and settlements” — a fund paid for by taxes to pay settlements.
The payouts have varied widely, from just under $40,000 in 1997 to more than $4 million in 2007 to just under $1 million in 2017. The fund is virtually unlimited. The act calls for however much is necessary to pay awards and settlements, and a spokesperson for the Congressional Office of Compliance told me that money is only added to the fund when it is needed for a payment.
The exact source of the money is still a question: The spokesperson told me that money for the fund is not included in the yearly legislative branch appropriations budgets.
The Settlement and Awards Fund isn't the only fund made up of unlimited taxpayer money to solve the government's legal problems. If you sue the United States government, your settlement will be paid by the same fund used to pay the Iranian government $1.3 billion in interest, part of an effort to end a financial dispute between the two countries and hasten the return of five Americans being held in Tehran (including Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian.)
This fund is called the Judgment Fund, established by the Automatic Payment of Judgments Act of 1956 to be “a permanent appropriation for the payment of certain types of judgments and settlements obtained against the United States.”
If the US government is found liable in court, the Judgment Fund pays if another source of money isn't available. Over the past 50 years, those provisions have been altered to include “administrative claim awards,” settlements made by agencies that didn't require a lawsuit. It's not clear if the Judgment Fund has ever paid out a harassment case, but Congress has been sued at least once over workplace discrimination laws.
The Office of Compliance's mediation process for victims of harassment is long, complicated — and discouraging
Women working on the Hill, from senators to staffers, have been subject to sexual harassment for decades — even during hearings. And there's no human resources department in Congress. Instead, the same law that created the settlement fund also created the Office of Compliance to administer it.
If members of legislative branch staff — from Senate office staffers to employees of the Congressional Budget Office — experience sexual harassment at work, they must go to the office within 180 days of the incident to find a solution.
The compliance office then initiates a four-step process: a 30-day counseling period, a mediation effort, an administrative hearing or civil action (a lawsuit), and an appeals process.
But according to Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA), who has proposed a bill to change how Congress handles harassment, the current process puts the employee making a complaint at greater risk than the person who has harassed them.
Victims can't even make a formal complaint for sexual harassment (or any other violation of the CAA) until three months have passed, including a 30-day period after enduring a mediation process with their harasser.
Even if victims get through the process and receive a settlement, that money comes not from their harasser's office but from the Settlement and Awards Fund. Furthermore, no office is required to make those payments public, meaning that legislative staffers — including members of Congress — may have sexually harassed their colleagues and employees on the Hill, and done so with the knowledge that settlements to victims would stay secret.
The House Statement of Disbursements and the Senate's expenditure reports list gas station receipts, but they don't list payments to victims of sexual harassment — payments provided for by taxpayers.
And thousands of employees that make up the offices of legislators on the Hill can't even take advantage of the protections that do exist. Interns who work (often for free) on the Hill every summer aren't protected by the CAA, despite efforts by some Democrats to pass explicit protections for interns back in 2015.
Overall, a spokesperson for Speier told me, “It's very clear [that] when the original bill that put this process in place was passed in 1995, it was done to protect the institution, not the most vulnerable.”
There's still a lot we don't know about the money used to pay victims of sexual harassment
According to the Office of Compliance, nearly $1 million has been paid in settlements for violations of the CAA in 2017.
But contrary to recent media reports, there's no breakdown of which payments for CAA violations were for which offense, or even from which office.
Settlement payments are approved by the chair and ranking member of the House Administration Committee, but they are under no obligation to tell anyone else about those payments, and more importantly, which office was responsible for them. An aide to House Administration Committee Chair Rep. Gregg Harper told CNN they had received no requests for settlement approvals since becoming chair on December 2 of last year.
In the wake of allegations of sexual harassment against political figures like Sen. Al Franken and Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, Speier and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand proposed the Member and Employee Training and Oversight on (ME TOO) Congress Act, an effort to reduce sexual harassment in Congress through trainings, increased transparency, and changes to the complaint process.
If the ME TOO Act becomes law, it will require the Office of Compliance to identify the members of Congress whose offices settled harassment suits. In addition, if a member of Congress settles a claim as a harasser, they will have to pay back the Treasury for the amount of the award or settlement made to their victim.
The bill also has some Republican support. Rep. Bradley Byrne of Alabama, a former practicing labor attorney, told reporters on Monday that the Compliance Office should have the power to subpoena and investigate accusations of CAA violations, including sexual harassment.
A spokesperson for the Congress member told me that Byrne “was surprised to learn about the differences between how harassment claims are handled in Congress and in the private sector. They strongly believe Congress should have to play by the same rules as every other American.  They are working with colleagues, including Congresswomen Jackie Speier and Barbara Comstock, to make bipartisan reforms to the outdated process.”
But for now, victims of sexual harassment on the Hill are locked into a lengthy and uncomfortable process to seek justice. And if they make it to a settlement, their harassers aren't the ones paying it — in effect, they are.
History beckons for Real Madrid and Juventus in Cardiff on Saturday evening with both teams able to break new ground by claiming the Champions League crown.
For Juventus, a first treble in their 120-year history can be completed while Real Madrid will be looking to break a 24-year curse by becoming the first team to retain the European crown in its reformatted version.
The Spanish champions will be the fifth reigning champion to contest the final since its revamp in 1992 but all that have come before them have left it defeated.
Cristiano Ronaldo wants to inspire Real Madrid to a third Champions League title in four years
Real could become the first side to retain the Champions League since its 1992 rebranding
Real beat city rivals Atletico on penalties in 2016 and have their eyes on a 12th European cup
The Champions League final between Real Madrid and Juventus will be held in Cardiff
Los Blancos beat city rivals Atletico in the 2016 final on penalties, and so could become the first team to lift the trophy two years in a row under its current guise.
Ajax were a penalty shootout away in 1996 and three other sides have reached the final before being beaten, but Zinedine Zidane's men, with Cristiano Ronaldo leading the line, could be the first.
The last team to manage the feat was AC Milan, who won the European Cup back to back in 1989 and 1990.
Who has tried - and failed - since then? Sportsmail have provided the full run-down, look below to find out...
Dortmund won the Champions League in 1997 but were knocked out in the semis next year
AC Milan beat Liverpool in the 2007 final but their title defence was cut short by Arsenal
Liverpool were beaten home and away by Benfica in the last 16 after winning in Istanbul
Fernando Hierro lifts the Champions League trophy for Real Madrid at Hampden Park in 2002
Jose Mourinho led Inter Milan to glory in 2010 - they were thrashed by Schalke the next season
Having won a shock title in 2004, Porto could not even reach the knockout stages next season
The curse of the Champions League - year by year
1993-94: Defending champions - Marseille
The French club won the first instalment of the newly rebranded Champions League but didn't even feature in the second edition of the competition following allegations of match-fixing in Ligue 1.
1994-95: AC Milan
The Rossoneri romped past Barcelona 4-0 to lift the title in 1994 and they came close to retaining their crown only for an 84th-minute goal from 18-year-old Patrick Kluivert in Vienna to make Ajax the new champs.
Patrick Kluivert lifts the European Cup after their goal for Ajax beat defending champions Milan
1995-96: Ajax
The Dutch side were a penalty shootout away from a successful defence in 1996, after their final against Juventus went the distance at the Olympic Stadium in Rome.
Edgar Davids and Sonny Silooy missed from 12 yards to hand the Old Lady the title.
1996-97: Juventus
The trend of defending champions falling at the last continued in 1997, as Karl-Heinz Riedle scored twice for Borussia Dortmund in a 3-1 victory in Munich.
1997-98: Borussia Dortmund
Dortmund got out of a group including Sparta Prague, Galatasaray and Parma before beating Bayern Munich in their quarter-final.
However, their adventure was ended by eventual winners Real Madrid in the last four.
1998-99: Real Madrid
Madrid squeezed through their group with defeats by Spartak Moscow and Inter Milan before they were surprisingly beaten in the quarter-finals by the Dynamo Kiev team which included Andriy Shevchenko .
Andriy Shevchenko played a starring role as Dynamo Kiev knocked out Real Madrid in 1999
WHO HAS DEFENDED THE EUROPEAN CUP? While no side has ever won back-to-back Champions League titles, several clubs managed successful defences of the competition when it was known as the European Cup. They include: Real Madrid (1956-1960) Benfica (1961-1962) Inter Milan (1964-1965) Ajax (1971-1973) Bayern Munich (1974-1976) Liverpool (1977-1978) Nottingham Forest (1979-1980) AC Milan (1989-1990)
1999-00: Manchester United
Another last-eight exit for the defending champions.
This time it was the turn of Sir Alex Ferguson's Red Devils, who couldn't make up for a 3-2 first-leg defeat by Real Madrid at Old Trafford and were knocked out after a goalless draw at the Bernabeu.
2000-01: Real Madrid
This was the year that Real and Leeds United reached the same stage of the competition.
While Mark Viduka, Harry Kewell et al were being beaten by Valencia in the semi-finals, Madrid were busy losing 3-1 on aggregate to Bayern Munich.
2001-02: Bayern Munich
Bayern dropped points against Sparta Prague and Feyenoord in the first group stage, drew with Manchester United and Boavista in the second group stage and then lost 3-2 on aggregate to Real in the quarter-finals during a low-key campaign.
Pavel Nedved scores for Juventus against Real in a 2003 semi-final victory over the champions
Walter Pandiani scored as Deportivo overcame a 4-1 deficit to beat AC Milan in 2004
2002-03: Real Madrid
A dramatic 6-5 last-eight win over Manchester United landed the Galacticos with a semi-final tie against Juventus.
After winning the first leg 2-1, however, Madrid were toppled by Alessandro del Piero, Pavel Nedved and David Trezeguet goals in the rematch in Turin.
2003-04: AC Milan
Milan seemed on course for a place in the semi-finals when they went 4-1 up on aggregate against Deportivo la Coruna.
It all went wrong for the Italians in the second leg, though, as Walter Pandiani, Juan Carlos Valeron, Albert Luque and Fran found the net in Deportivo's remarkable 4-0 victory.
2004-05: Porto
The Portuguese club were unable to recreate the magic they enjoyed under Jose Mourinho the previous year, as their old boss helped Chelsea qualify out of Group H in front of them. Porto couldn't even reach the knockout stage.
2005-06: Liverpool
In the ultimate anti-climax after the drama of Istanbul, Liverpool limped out of the competition after being beaten home and away by Benfica in the last 16.
2006-07: Barcelona
Barça suffered the ignominy of being dumped out of the tournament by a Craig Bellamy goal, as Liverpool's 2-1 victory in the Nou Camp in the first leg of the last-16 encounter paved the way for the Reds' away-goals win.
Craig Bellamy heads in at the back post to score for Liverpool in the Nou Camp in 2007
Bellamy's strike helped the Reds see off the reigning champions on away goals in the last 16
2007-08: AC Milan
For the fifth season in a row, the defending champions failed to make it as far as the semi-finals, as Milan were beaten 2-0 at home by Arsenal in the last 16. Cesc Fabregas and Emmanuel Adebayor scored the goals.
2008-09: Manchester United
United ended the run of meek title defences by reaching the final, thanks to a 4-2 aggregate victory over Arsenal in the last four. However, they could not get past Barcelona in Rome, as Samuel Eto'o and Lionel Messi found the net.
2009-10: Barcelona
Having annihilated Arsenal in the quarter-finals, the Catalans seemed set to break the mould and become the first club to keep hold of their crown. But Jose Mourinho had other ideas. Their Inter Milan outfit booked their place in the final with a 3-2 aggregate win.
2010-11: Inter Milan
The Nerazurri endured a nightmare last-eight encounter with Schalke. The Germans hammered them 5-2 in the first leg and then won 2-1 at the San Siro to send their opponents crashing out with their tails well and truly lodged between their legs.
2011-12: Barcelona
Barça eased into the semi-finals and were hotly fancied to see off Chelsea in the last four. The Blues proved hard to budge, however, and after Didier Drogba gave them a 1-0 lead after the first leg, Ramires and Fernando Torres scored in a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp to see the London side through.
Fernando Torres scores in stoppage time as Chelsea beat Barcelona in the 2012 semi-finals
Chelsea played an hour of their second-leg clash at the Nou Camp with 10 men but prevailed
Arturo Vidal celebrates their goal in the group stage defeat of Chelsea in the 2013 edition
2012-13: Chelsea
Defeats by Shakhtar Donetsk and Juventus saw Chelsea's reign cut short. They did at least enjoy victory in the Europa League as some form of consolation.
2013-14: Bayern Munich
The Bavarian side eased past Manchester United in the quarter-finals but were utterly outclassed by Madrid in the semis. Sergio Ramos and Cristiano Ronaldo both scored twice in Real's 4-0 second-leg triumph at the Allianz Arena.
Ronaldo scores one of Madrid's four goals in a semi-final win over champions Bayern in 2014
2014-15: Real Madrid
Real reached the last four but found their path blocked by Juventus, who won 2-1 in Turin thanks to goals from Carlos Tevez and Alvaro Morata and then secured safe passage with a 1-1 draw at the Bernabeu.
2015-16: Barcelona
On April 1, the world's best team seemed destined for a treble. Fast forward two weeks and they were shown the Champions League door by Atletico Madrid.
These photos and videos provide a detailed look at this project's development.
Appearance and function match the final product, but is made with different manufacturing methods.
Looks like the final product, but is not functional.
Demonstrates the functionality of the final product, but looks different.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
Missed out on the campaign? No worries! Go to our website www.g2t.us and learn how to still get your very own G2T-N2.
Check your temperature right now.
Chances are, you are either in an air conditioned office or cozy up in front of a heater (or fireplace) at home. But we are not always in our comfort zones, how about the times when we are doing outdoor activities or even in crowded places? Why should you care? It affects your health, see below for what happens when you temperature is out of balance:
Still don't care?
What if you can enjoy your personal comfort temperature and also look stylish and stay conveniently connected to your smartphone at the same time? With N2, it is a reality.
And did you know...
According to surveys, the average home-owner spends over $300 per month on cooling and heating their home. The air conditioner on the left will consume about 2,352 k Wh per year. The one on the right, with the G2T will only use 6 k Wh per year, at the same time, staying comfortably and saving money (and the environment).
Re-define personal comfort and convenience
N2, the world's first complete temperature controlling wearable that keeps you connected:
What does it mean to be connected?
N2 is Bluetooth 4.0+ compatible which means is easily paired with any iOS or Android device.
Once connected, the user can enjoy the following:
hands-free phone calls
stream live music, radio, and podcast
speaker source for watching your favorite YouTube videos
GPS access directions while riding your bike
Works perfect with some of your favorite online music services:
N2, the perfect healthy lifestyle solution.
Not only does N2 regulate your body temperature so that you stay healthy, but it also encourages safer listening habit.
According to the U.S Department of Health, approximately 26 million Americans between ages of 20-69, have suffered permanent noise-induced hearing loss from extended use of headphones and earbuds. N2 is designed to protect your eardrums and prevent further damage while personally enjoying your music.
Let's see some test results.
So how does the N2 intend to keep you warm for the upcoming cold winter? And at the same time keep you cool in the current extended hot summer. Check out some testing results (using FLIR ONE):
Who's it for?
How to use N2?
Our functional working prototype
Product Design
N2 is the culmination of function and design. We focus on user experience, achieving ease of use without sacrificing style and personalization.
The Beginning
The User Experience
The Contrast
N2 Vs. What's out there
Product Specification
Awesome Rewards
The G2T team is currently showcasing the N2 prototypes at various events to gain valuable user feedback and Kickstarter support (see below). Our goal is to be able to provide the best temperature controlling wearable device to our all our BACKERS by the time of pledge fulfillment.
Being interviewed by TechCrunch (@SF Disrupt 2016)
Winning the coveted Platinum Medal (@Taipei International Invention Show)
Where We Are Now
Meet the Team
Always deeply psychological endeavors, presidential campaigns reveal, in remarkably accurate ways, the hearts and minds of the candidates. The sweating and resentful Richard Nixon of 1960 became the disgraced president driven from office 1974. The cool and efficient Barack Obama of 2008 was the no-drama president of 2011, who authorized the mission that saw Osama bin Laden killed and then knocked 'em dead with their jokes at the White House correspondent's dinner while the raid was in progress.
In 2016, with Donald Trump, we have a candidate who has spewed anger and bigotry and lurched from one controversy to the next. More performance art than stump speeches, their campaign appearances are such florid emotional displays that it's difficult to keep track of the message they want to deliver. But if you pay attention to their style, and the unique themes they return to again and again, you start to recognize a pattern.
From the day they declared their candidacy, Trump has repeatedly talked about competitors who “beat” America in trade and how very smart foreign leaders secretly denigrate the United States. He's especially upset about Mexico. “They beat us all the time,” said Trump during the Trump Tower speech. “When do we beat Mexico at the border? They are laughing at us, at our stupidity.”
Superficially, the problem that torments Trump, is trade. But their language -- they “beat” us and “laugh” at us -- provokes the emotional power of shame. Almost nothing hurts us more than this feeling, which fills us with the sense that others see as weak, ineffective, and unworthy. Inevitably, then, shame is followed by anger, as we burn at the injustice of being diminished and yearn to recover our dignity.
Trump, who told me in 2014 that they see life as an endless struggle to win and avoid losing, recognizes that the pain of humiliation can be an extraordinary motivator. They felt it himself, when they lost their Trump Airline and the Plaza Hotel and became a symbol of failure in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Out of this defeat they fashioned a comeback that saw them become richer and more famous than ever. Now, when they say “every country” is “beating us,” they want us to experience the sting of being identified as losers and then feel motivated to back them as the hero who will restore our honor.
Trump is not the first political leader to declare America imperiled and offer themselves as a protector. In the 1950s Sen. Joseph McCarthy practiced the same trick with their investigation of so-called Communists in the U.S. government. McCarthy's hearings in the United States Senate became pageants of fear, intimidation, and shame. But McCarthy and Trump share more than the techniques of fear mongering and self-promotion. McCarthy added an element of sexual innuendo to their terror campaign, alleging that some of their targets were secretly homosexual and, according to the law at the time, ineligible for government service. Trump doesn't engage in the same kind of baiting, but they do evoke fears of sexual violence with fairly frequent use of the word “rape.”
In their announcement speech Trump said the undocumented Mexican immigrants are, among other terrible things, “rapists. Weeks later, in an interview on CNN, they pushed back against criticism by saying, “somebody's doing the raping.” Next came their lawyer, Michael Cohen, arguing, falsely that under the law, “You cannot rape your spouse.” In May Trump said, in reference to trade, “We can't continue to allow China to rape our country.” He's also said backers of the Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty “want to rape our country.”
When has a presidential candidate for a major political party ever before used the word rape, even once, let alone in the varied ways Trump has used it? It's possible that some have offered words of comfort to victims of sexual assault or advocated support for services to them. But my own thorough search has turned up no previous examples of a modern candidate speaking of America being subject to even metaphorical rape or of classes of people – undocumented Mexican immigrants for example – as “rapists.” This kind of talk is so unusual that, when combined with their complaints about those who beat us and laugh at us, it begs to be analyzed.
To understand how referencing rape can amplify the theme of shame it helps to acknowledge that sexual violence is often accompanied by feelings of humiliation. Victims of rape often overcome their shame in order to bring charges and help prosecutors. Similarly, a man's failure to protect a partner from violence, especially sexual violence, is regarded in many cultures as especially shameful. The use of the word rape to suggest a humiliation on a geopolitical scale has a long history. In centuries past Britannia was portrayed as a woman being rapes by France. More recently, far-right agitator Jean Marie Le Pen has talked about France being raped by immigrants with syphilis. Whatever the era, throwing the word rape into a political speech is reliably inflammatory.
Rape can also be evoked to create racial panic, which is why the specter of black men raping white women was so commonly used in the past by racists eager to whip up bigotry. It seems no coincidence that in 2016, it is again nonwhite people, from Mexico and China, who are being accused. In the arena of trade the United States sometimes struggles to compete against European competitors in various industries like precision machinery, fashion, and even wine. But Trump doesn't talk about those countries “raping” America, or people from those countries who overstay visas and commit sexual assaults. Instead it's “Chinese” and Mexicans” who are to be feared.
Outside of politics, Trump has often used ridicule to shame people who were their critics or rivals. Women like Arianna Huffington and Rose O'Donnell were dismissed by Trump on the basis of their appearance. As a young man they even shamed their older brother Fred Trump Jr., telling them that their work as an airline pilot was comparable to driving a bus. In their 1993 biography of Trump, writer Harry Hurt recounted an episode in which Trump excoriated their other brother Robert in front of other executives. Trump's sister Maryanne Barry has told a story about how a grown-up Donald took a young nephew out for a game of catch and tried to overwhelm them with fast-and-faster throws. They were going to prove who was stronger, and shame the boy in the process.
Trump's life is filled with so many examples of their effort to humiliate others as “losers” (one of their favorite words) or” dummies,” or “ugly,” that it becomes clear that the concept of shame is always lurking in their psyche and ready to be flung at anyone who comes near. Displeased with their campaign staff, they recently chose to humiliate them in a conference call with their network of surrogates. According to Bloomberg news, Trump said they had contacted their prominent backers “because you guys are getting sometimes stupid information from people who are not that smart.”
The supply of shame inside Trump is so great and near the surface that it comes bubbling up in their campaign that we naturally look for its source. As their biographer, I see it in their struggle to satisfy a strict and demanding father and their banishment, at age 13, to a military academy in Upstate New York where, Trump has said, they were subject to violence at the hands of Army veterans who staffed the school. Trump was sent away by their father Fred Sr. because of bad behavior. Could Fred have found a more effective way to shame their son than sending them away to be brutalized by grown men holding make-believe ranks in a pretend military environment?
In their early adulthood Trump adopted the notorious New York lawyer and political fixer Roy Cohn as their mentor. A Jew and a closeted gay man who spewed anti-Semitic and anti-gay remarks, Cohn had been Joe McCarthy's chief aide during their witch hunt. They guided the senator to whatever evidence suggested an accused person was gay, or had once belonged to a suspect organization. Trump became a client of Cohn's law practice and was introduced by them at fancy clubs. Cohn was a master manipulator of the press, as Trump is today, and a practitioner of the dark political arts.
Trump first dabbled in the politics of shame in 1987 when they called public attention to Japanese business people who would secretly “laugh like hell” after negotiating with Americans. At the time they were also pretty worked up about Arab oil states. In a full page advertisement they bought in various big city papers they said they wanted to “make Japan, Saudi Arabia and others pay for the protection we extend as allies.” The ad concluded with a plea: “Let's not let our great country be laughed at anymore.”
When Trump returned to national politics in 1999, with a run at the Reform Party's presidential nomination, they turned their sneer upon the other candidates in the race. “They're losers,” they said of men who stressed their humble beginnings. “Who the hell wants to have a person like this for president?” More recently Trump did their best to shame Barack Obama by suggesting they might not be an American citizen. When this tactic started to fail they voiced doubts about Obama's admission to elite universities, trying to undermine their legitimacy through innuendo.
Which brings us back to 2011 and the White House Correspondents dinner where Obama kept the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound secret while poking fun at their political rivals and critics. Their sharpest jabs were directed at Trump, whom they praised for their displays of leadership on their TV show The Celebrity Apprentice. “You didn't blame ‘Lil John, Jon, or Meatloaf. You fired Gary Busey. And these are the kinds of decisions that would keep me up at night.”
Trump attended the dinner and TV cameras showed that their face was frozen throughout Obama's talk. Later they would insist they aren't affected by the jokes, even though they failed to laugh along, as custom would require. Given the ferocity of Trump's attacks on Obama in the time since that experience, and their own emotional repertoire, it's hard to accept that they felt nothing that night. It's a safer bet that they felt plenty of shame and the anger.
Volumes have been written about how the shame dynamic works. Some men will try to get rid of this feeling by picking a fight, which gives them the chance to show they are strong, and someone else is weak. Always a fighter, Trump has taken their shame on the road in the form of a political campaign that gives them the chance to bellow and bray against enemies real and imagined. As they smear their opponents with nicknames and complains that America is being raped, Trump may be soothing their own pain but they are transferring it to us. In some cases the result has been violence at their campaign rallies. More typically we find ourselves riveting by their performance, disturbed and confused and fearing what comes next.
As we near the end of the 6.10 PBE cycle , a small patch has been pushed to the PBE! Tonight's update includes gilded versions of the 2016 MSI icons and balance changes forContinue reading for more information!
(Warning: PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers! Manage your expectations accordingly. )
New Summoner Icons
"In addition to the reward for the icon competition, we will also be offering an exclusive MSI 2016 gilded regional icon to the region whose team wins the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational. The winning icon will be available globally from May 16 - May 30 for 1 IP in the winning region and 250 RP in all other regions."
Balance Cha nges * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These are not official notes.
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These areofficial notes.
Champions Vel'Koz
Organic Deconstruction (Passive) AP ratio increased to .5 from .4
AP ratio increased to .5 from .4 Life Form Disintegration Ray (R) :
: Damage reverted to 500/725/950 from 550/800/1050
to 500/725/950 from 550/800/1050
AP ratio increased to 1.25 from 1.0
With theSemifinals & Finals May 13-15th, four new gilded regional summoner icons have been added for each of the regions that made it into the knock out stage.While there are four icons total added to the PBE,the gilded icon for the winner of MSI's region will be available on live.
Timothy Fosu-Mensah, on loan at Crystal Palace for the season from Manchester United, has received some good news on Tuesday.
NU and others in the Netherlands report Fosu-Mensah has been called up to the Oranje senior squad after yet another injury withdrawal. The 19 year old had been with their country's U21 selection, but will now join Dick Advocaat's men for the friendlies against Scotland and Romania.
Lyon's Kenny Tete has been forced to withdraw from the squad due to injury, which will likely come as a blow to the player.
Embed from Getty Images
Despite the Netherlands not having the most exciting international break on their agenda, Tete had already spoken about how happy they were to join up with Oranje along with Lyon teammate Memphis Depay.
Fosu-Mensah, who was a teammate of Depay at Manchester United, will be able to take advantage of Tete's fitness issue.
The Crystal Palace player has been a used member of the squad since their switch to Selhurst Park in the summer, and Roy Hodgson has already shown he's willing to show faith in the youngster.
Notice: This blog is no longer maintained. All new content is being published as guides/books/screencasts. Have a look around!
A Programmer's Road To Productivity - Step 1 : Deconstruction of Requirements
April 16, 2015 - Marco Behler
9:00 AM, your boss storms into the room and says: „Marketing wants a new fancy login box on our website. Just username/password field alright? And maybe a recovery link. Shouldn't take more than a couple of days. Gotta go, bye!“
In situations like this, you usually scream on the inside. But this time you stay calm. Because you've learnt how to deconstruct.
What is deconstruction?
Deconstruction means taking a requirement and splitting it into the smallest possible pieces. Those pieces then need to get clarified. Finally, they should then form the common understanding between you (coder) and your boss/customer.
It does not really matter if someone hands you a ready-made specification (yeah, right), you follow some agile-process-of-the-month or have a really loose process. It all starts with deconstruction. And deconstruction starts with asking questions. A ton of them!
Let me start coding already, why do I need to do this?
Yes, you might already be drooling about how to ng-submit() your login-form with AngularJS and how this is sooo much easier and faster than with Struts 1. Nope, hold your horses!
First, we need to check our requirement for soundness. Break it up. „I want users to be able to log in through a box“ is not a proper requirement.
It sounds almost too simple, I mean you can whip up the two fields and a backing controller in a matter of minutes, right ? Well, let's see…
Didn't you mention something about a real-life example before ?
Oh yes, this specific example actually happened to us in February 2011. It was a requirement on a German car manufacturer's then-new website.
Have a look at the lower left corner of the following picture. Spot that innocent looking login-box. What looks so small and easy, was actually pretty complex. Let's find out why…
But first, how do you deconstruct ?
You should start with two people, a technical driver and a business driver. So get your boss back into the room to get more INPUT! Sometimes we have even seen developers being anxious to ask for more information, as to not "look bad".
Oh, and add in more people only if needed. From our experience, a whole team deconstructing (for example in Scrum planning meetings) is a huge waste of time, money and effort - but that's a different topic.
And then, with your favourite writing tool open, you have a couple of rounds of „play infant“. Why „play infant“? Because you are going to ask questions, write down the answers and group them into topics. And the questions are going to be infant-like questions. „What is that?“ „What does it entail?“ „Why do we need it?“ „What other parts are there?“.
How long you ask? Until you run out of questions or the other person smacks you ;)
Example please ?
The issue with the [login] part
To come back to our example above: „We need a login box“. Let's split it up.we needloginbox. Let's assume [1] is given for the moment and start with [2]. (: Please don't take the tone of the conversations seriously :) )
You: „What is a login?"
Mr Biz: „Well, a username/password should be enough to login“
You: „Username or email?“
Mr Biz: „Both!“
You: „Wait a minute, who are our users again?“
Mr Biz: „Stupid question. Want me to fire you? Everyone who registers via the website“.
You: „Is that really everyone?“
Mr Biz: „Well, yes. But upper management quickly mentioned something that users who already bought a BMW in the past should be able to log on to the website with their customer reference number and automatically get some guest account“
You: "Erm, where do we get those customers from?"
Mr Biz: „From a CRM system. In parallel to our own newly built user database. Oh and btw, there's several different CRM systems, so please account for that“
You: *Erm, customer reference number and then they get sent a password or do they have password already somewhere or can they just login“? What is when the CRM system is unavailable? What is an automatic guest account? How do they know they can suddenly login? HELP! ….“
=> Keep on asking for X more days
Let's take a break and look at the [box] part
You: „What is a box ?“
Mr Biz: „Man, there's already designs for that. Username/Password field, login button. How hard can it be?“
You: „That box, should it only be displayed on the front page?“
Mr Biz: „Well no, we want to display it on several pages, maybe some campaign pages or whatever. So make it a component in that CMS system of yours.“
You: „Component? Aha. Erm, ever heard something about HTTP/HTTPS? Our website runs on HTTP, and it is a bit tricky to…(technical explosion in the head with https iframe in http page)..well…let's just say…we need to make sure the user transmits their data safely.“
Mr Biz: „Yeah, yeah. You'll get it done, I'm sure. Btw, regarding security. Users can also be banned. And it could be that they have to accept new „terms and conditions“ before they can login..in some sort of layer. Or else our lawyers kill us.“
You: „Ouch! Banned users. Terms and conditions?. Layers? A layer in the embedded iframe or a layer on the parent page?“
=> Keep on asking for X more days
Ouch! We only just started!
There's a TON of topics we didn't even cover. Infrastructure, SSL-Loadbalancers. Password forgotten workflows. Error messages/info messages. Yada yada yada. And who said we need the loginbox after all? The customers? Who actually is the customer???
The HTTP/HTTPS issue highlights how critical it is that tech AND business people sit together when writing requirements. If there's no two-way communication, you're really only in dreamland.
Last but not least, with the topics we have, we are not even close to being completely deconstructed - instead we are looking only at the tip of the iceberg.
Forest Forest Forest, but where's the trees???
After asking just a couple of questions, we now have a whole forest of questions which need clarification. And without that clarification you cannot plan, you cannot estimate, and you cannot push back, if something is completely unreasonable.
And you certainly should not start banging out code already before we are finished with this. Rinse. Wash. Repeat, you know?
Next Step: Yep, we are far from finished. But this was just the start with our deconstruction.
In the next article we will continue our deconstruction till the very bottom and learn how to clean up, before we then move on to angling and skinning our requirement. As always, if you want to be the first to get notified, join our newsletter !
(Update May 2015: Check out our related, upcoming book: Customer Requirements - Everything programmers need to know before writing code)
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Development of the high temperature gas cooled reactor (HTGR), a concept with more than three decades of history behind it, in 2016 has had several new breakout milestones in China and the U.S.
In March 2016 China installed the first of two reactor pressure vessels for a demonstration high temperature, gas cooled (HTGR) (Pebble Bed) reactor that is under construction at Shidaowan in Shandong province.
In January 2016 the U.S. Department of Energy announced that X-energy, located in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, DC, has won a $40 million grant to develop the Xe-100 pebble bed High Temperature Gas-Cooled reactor (HTGR). The development grant includes $6M in FY2016, which will be supplemented with additional investor funding from X-energy.
The Next Generation Nuclear Plant alliance (NGNP) continues its work on development of the Areva Antares HTGR, a prismatic block design. The NGNP alliance has published a business plan with the objective of building a prototype at the U.S. site in the 2020s.
China's HTR-PM
The first of two reactor pressure vessels (RPVs) have been installed at the HTR-PM high temperature gas cooled reactor unit under construction at Shidaowan in Shandong province.
The second RPV is scheduled to be installed in May. The twin reactor unit, which will drive a single 210 MWe turbine to produce electricity, is expected to start operation in late 2017.
The RPV was manufactured in China by Shanghai Electric Nuclear Power Equipment. The large component, which weighs about 700 tonnes, was installed by plant construction manager China Nuclear Engineering Corp. (CNEC).
At the same time a pilot production line of fuel elements for the reactor has started at Baotou, Inner Mongolia. The factory operation will have a capacity of 300,000 spherical fuel elements a year. They produce a very high temperature with helium as the main medium to carry heat in the primary loop from the reactor to a secondary loop to produce steam.
According to a 2013 report by World Nuclear News, China Huaneng Group, is the lead organization involved in the demonstration HTR-PM plant with a 47.5% share; China Nuclear Engineering & Construction (CNEC) will have a 32.5% stake and Tsinghua University's INET 20% – it being the main R&D contributor.
Future plans to build 18 more units like this one have reportedly been cancelled by the consortium. However, a proposal to build two 600 MWe HTGR plants proposes includes a plan for each plantto have three twin reactor and turbine units. These plants are to be built at a site in Ruijin City in China's Jiangxi province. Construction is reportedly expected to start in 2017 with connection to the grid in 2021.
Saudia Arabia MOU part of ‘Silk Road” Strategy
Separately, China Huaneng signed an MOU with KA-CARE in Saudi Arabia in January 2016 to build similar units in that country. The announcement of the deal did not include details on schedule, technical scope, or cost of the project.
The agreement with Saudi Arabia will bring other possibilities for nuclear cooperation between China and other partners along the Belt and Road Initiative, which includes more than 60 economies along the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road.
According to the South China Morning Post for April 4, 2016, China's nuclear plant makers seek new markets along the ancient Silk Road into Asia, Europe, Africa and Middle East ‘One belt, one road' policy for financing and support for infrastructure projects is helping nuclear plant constructors expand into overseas markets.
The newspaper reports that the policy was first proposed in 2013 to promote infrastructure construction deals overseas along with goods and services trade along the ancient Silk Road from China to Europe and along the ancient maritime trade route linking China to southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa. The state is offering financing at a time when China's economy grew at the slowest rate in 25 years and its industry faces severe overcapacity problems.
Beijing has encouraged local firms to become involved in infrastructure projects in southeast Asia, Europe and Africa. Chinese nuclear reactor builders are a growing force in the global nuclear industry.
“The export of nuclear reactors will become one of the key pillars for executing China's one belt, one road strategy,” Zheshang Securities analyst Zheng Dandan is reported to have told the newspaper.
X-energy Gets DOE Money
The U.S. Department of Energy announced that X-energy has won a $40 million grant to develop the 50 MWe Xe-100 pebble bed High Temperature Gas-Cooled reactor (HTGR). The development grant includes $6M in FY2016, which will be supplemented with additional investor funding from X-energy. The funding focuses on targeted technology development, including core modeling, fuel fabrication, and Nuclear Regulatory Commission outreach.
X-energy – partnering with BWX Technology, Oregon State University, Teledyne-Brown Engineering, SGL Group, Idaho National Laboratory, and Oak Ridge National Laboratory to solve design and fuel development challenges of the Xe-100 Pebble Bed Advanced Reactor.
This type of reactor has next generation design and advanced safety features and. at 125 MW, it is also smaller than traditional nuclear reactors. These factors would potentially enable such a reactor to serve a wider array of communities – particularly densely populated areas – while ensuring public safety.
Replacement or Expansion of Coal-Fired Power Plants
In 2015 X Energy, LLC (X-energy), and South Carolina Electric & Gas (SCE&G) performed a joint feasibility study to investigate replacement and/or repowering of existing coal-fired power stations with the Xe-100, a pebble-bed High Temperature Gas-Cooled Reactor (HTGR).
The joint X-energy/SCE&G study team explored two scenarios—station Expansion and station Repowering—for deploying an Xe-100 four-reactor plant within the SCE&G service area. Under the Expansion scenario, an Xe-100 plant would be constructed on unused land at an existing SCE&G coal-fired station to augment the power production capacity of the site.
Under the Repowering scenario, an Xe-100 plant would replace the utility boiler in an existing coal-fired station while maintaining as much of the balance of plant as practicable.
Both scenarios would take advantage of existing infrastructure including connections to the grid, railroad, and surface / water transportation access, etc.
In the Expansion scenario, the study team found that the Xe-100 could provide a technically and economically viable supplement for a coal-fired station based on the following findings:
Steam temperature and pressure conditions are similar to those of existing coal-fired stations.
Power output can load follow at attractive ramp rates as low as 25% power, exceeding the existing coal-fired station capabilities.
The Xe-100 plant occupies as little as 10 acres of land, allowing siting on existing facilities.
Zero SOX and NOX emissions potentially enables siting near environmentally sensitive areas.
Zero CO2 emissions allow satisfying state mandates while generating reliable power.
Installation leverages existing infrastructure, including transmission and distribution, significantly reducing costs and schedule.
Construction schedule is approximately 24 months, comparable to other power enhancement approaches.
NGNP Plans Prototype Build in the 2020s
In the U.S. the Next Generation Nuclear Plant Alliance (NGNP), a business consortium, has selected a conceptual design developed by Areva for a high temperature gas cooled reactor. The alliance estimates that its first prototype could be built in the mid-2020s at a cost of $2.3 billion.
The Alliance says the plant would be competitive with $6 to $10/MMBtu natural gas for process heat and electricity. It would support manufacture of synthetic transportation fuels competitive with oil at ~$70 to $140/bbl.
In 2012 the Next Generation Nuclear Plant (NGNP) Industry Alliance LLC selected AREVA's prismatic core, 625 MW thermal, steam cycle modular high temperature gas-cooled reactor (SC-HTGR). It is AREVA's HTGR Generation IV reactor.
It was selected as the reactor design concept to provide high temperature process steam for industrial applications and electricity production. Entergy Nuclear, as a member of the Alliance, has assumed the role of applicant for the HTGR pre-application and licensing activities for the Alliance.
According to the NGNP Alliance, the benefits of providing high temperature process steam include:
Main steam temperatures (566C / 1050F) to drive scale industrial processes.
Stabilized, long term fuel costs for energy intensive industries, enabling sustainable expansion of American industrial manufacturing.
Reduced greenhouse gases (GHG) through large scale displacement of premium fossil fuels in a wide range of industrial and commercial applications. Reduces the use of oil as a fuel to make process steam and frees it up as feedstock to make petrochemical products, plastics, and industrial & agricultural products.
Job creation within the U.S. supplying materials and equipment to construct and operate HTGR-based industrial infrastructure. The supply chains would rely heavily on U.S. firms with NQA-1 certifications.
According to a 2015 NGNP Industry Alliance Investor Business Plan Overview posted on the organization's web site, the major markets, and related configurations for the NGNP reactor include;
Co-generation – Petrochemical, Refinery, Fertilizer/Ammonia plants and others; 75 GWt (125 – 600 MWt modules)
Oil Sands / Oil Shale Steam, electricity, hydrogen & water treatment (desalinization); 60 GWt (~100 — 600 MWt modules)
Hydrogen Merchant Market; 36 GWt (60 – 600 MWt modules)
Synthetic Fuels & Feedstock, Steam, electricity, high temperature fluids, hydrogen; 249 GWt (415 – 600 MWt modules)
In more recent developments in March 2016 the Alliance met with representatives of Poland's coal industry to look at potential use of the reactor for coal gasification and replacement of coal power stations. The Alliance also reported on its website that it had a good day in Washington, DC, meeting with members of congress and federal agencies interested in its work.
# # #
Fred S. Karger (born January 31, 1950) is an American political consultant, gay rights activist and watchdog, former actor, and politician.[1] Their unsuccessful candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2012 US Presidential election made them the first openly gay presidential candidate in a major political party in American history.[2][3] Although they have not held elected or public office, Karger has worked on nine presidential campaigns and served as a senior consultant to the campaigns of Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Gerald Ford.[4][5] Karger was a partner at the Dolphin Group, a California campaign consulting firm.[4][5] They retired after 27 years and has since worked as an activist on gay rights causes, from protecting the gay bar The Boom to using their organization Californians Against Hate to investigate The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and the National Organization for Marriage's campaigns to repeal the state's same-sex marriage law.[6]
Early life and acting career [ edit ]
Karger was born in Glencoe, Illinois, the son of Jean (née Foreman), an active community volunteer, and Robert S. Karger, who owned a brokerage firm.[7][8] Karger graduated from New Trier High School in 1968 and earned a B.A. in speech communications from the University of Denver in 1972.
Karger moved to Los Angeles from Chicago and began acting. They appeared in a John Hughes-directed Edge Shave Cream commercial, as well as featured roles in Owen Marshall: Counselor at Law; Rich Man, Poor Man; Horshack! (a pilot for a spinoff from Welcome Back Kotter); and Airport – 1975. However, Karger continued to follow their passion for politics, and eventually landed with the Dolphin Group in 1977.[4][5]
Political career [ edit ]
Political consultant [ edit ]
Karger's political career began with the Dolphin Group in 1977. They served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer through 2004. During their tenure, Karger helped lead the campaigns of California Governor George Deukmejian, Lt. Governor Mike Curb, the Presidential campaigns of Senator Robert Dole (R-KS), Senator Paul Laxalt (R-NV), Governor John Connally (R-TX), Senator Charles Percy (R-IL) and dozens of other federal, state and local candidates. They managed statewide and local ballot measure campaigns, judicial campaigns, and served on several campaign finance and steering committees.[4][5]
Karger consulted on behalf of real estate developers, farmers, consumer product companies, the hospitality industry and a variety of other business in their dealings with local, state and the federal government.[5][9]
2012 presidential campaign [ edit ]
On April 10, 2010, Karger held a press conference at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference (SRLC) in New Orleans, to announce that they were "seriously considering becoming a candidate for President of the United States in 2012 as an Independent Republican."[10] They attended the SRLC with other potential candidates for the Republican Presidential ticket such as Sarah Palin, Ron Paul, Rick Santorum, Newt Gingrich and Gary Johnson.[11] This was the day after GOP Presidential candidate Mitt Romney announced forming their 2012 exploratory committee; Karger declared themselves the "Anti-Romney" candidate, and later stated that they "plans to run a campaign specifically designed to throw a wrench into Romney's run."[12] Since making their announcement, Karger has been to Iowa and New Hampshire several times, holding town hall meetings, talking to voters, as well as meeting with political, LGBTQ, AIDS organization leaders and the media.[13][14]
On July 18, 2010, Karger announced they had formed an exploratory committee for the United States presidential election of 2012.[3][15]
In November 2010, Karger aired a weeklong ad campaign in Iowa which was described as the first television commercial of the 2012 presidential race. Their campaign made use of the slogan "Fred Who?"[16] Steve Scheffler, an Iowa delegate to the national Republican National Committee, said Karger was part of the radical homosexual community.[17]
Karger stated that their campaign "budget is five to six million, which is, of course, a congressional race budget", and indicated that their "goal in running" was "to inspire the next generation through their candidacy."[18] Karger's candidacy was described as a long shot,[19] with one interviewer indicating that "[t]he question on the minds of many" is "do they think they have a snowball's chance? The answer to that is, yes and no."[18]
Karger officially announced their candidacy on March 23, 2011.[20][21]
On March 31, 2011, Karger won the Saint Anselm College Republicans Presidential Straw Poll, receiving 25% of the vote of the Goffstown, New Hampshire, school's student body and employees. They defeated Mitt Romney by five votes.[22]
Karger speaking at a rally in Iowa, August 12, 2011
In late April 2011, Karger attended the national convention of the Log Cabin Republicans in Dallas, Texas and declared to the conservative gay organization that they want their presidential campaign to "open up" the Republican Party and send a message to young people and gay people: "You can do anything you want to do." Karger told OC Weekly that gay Republicans need to "stand up and be proud in a tough atmosphere."[23]
In June 2011, they filed a formal complaint with Massachusetts authorities, accusing fellow Republican nomination candidate Mitt Romney of having registered and voted in Massachusetts when their primary residence was in another state.[24][25]
On July 13, 2011, Karger called fellow GOP presidential candidate Michele Bachmann a "liar, hypocrite, and bigot" when they refused to comment on allegations Bachmann's husband was using conversion therapy in their clinic to attempt to cure gays of homosexuality and saying that homosexuality was a choice.[26]
Karger was not present at the debates during 2011 and 2012. They appeared on the primary or caucus ballot in six states (Michigan, Iowa, New Hampshire, Maryland, California, and Utah) and one territory (Puerto Rico), where they came in fourth place.
On June 29, 2012, following the Utah Republican presidential primary and the California Democratic presidential primary, Karger officially ended their campaign.[27] Their final financial report to the Federal Election Commission indicated that their campaign had total receipts of $591,719.94, of which $518,507.09 had been contributed by Karger himself.[28]
A documentary about Karger's presidential campaign, Fred, premiered at the Monadnock International Film Festival on April 4, 2014.
Political positions [ edit ]
Capital punishment [ edit ]
Though once an opponent of the death penalty, Karger is now proponent of the practice, having affirmed their belief that the death penalty serves to deter crime and that it provides closure to victims of severe crimes.[29]
Karger is opposed to the closing the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.
Israel [ edit ]
Karger, who is Jewish, has compared their record on issues related to Israel with that of Menachem Begin, former Israeli prime minister and founder of the Likud Party. In 2011, they attended the American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference.[30]
During their first trip to Israel as a presidential candidate, Karger met with Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon as well as with Nitzan Horowitz, the second openly gay member of the Knesset.[31]
Military [ edit ]
Karger supported ending the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy.[32][33]
LDS Church [ edit ]
Karger is a critic of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) due to that church's opposition to same-sex marriage.[34] They have stated "If a President Romney got a call from the president of the LDS, they have no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country." PolitiFact.com evaluated this claim by Karger as "Pants On Fire" wrong, citing examples of the LDS church proclaiming political neutrality and that prominent Mormons have widely diverging political views, both liberal and conservative.[35]
Same-sex marriage [ edit ]
Karger supports repealing the Defense of Marriage Act and making same-sex marriage the "law of the land".[32]
Guns [ edit ]
Karger feels reasonable restrictions should be placed on high capacity clips and semiautomatic weapons.[citation needed]
Voting age [ edit ]
Karger has proposed a 28th Amendment to the United States Constitution which would grant 16- and 17-year-olds the right to vote. They argue that such an amendment would encourage younger people to participate in the political process.[36]
Other [ edit ]
Karger says they aim to improve education and create jobs in the U.S.[33] They also support immigration reform.[33]  They are opposed to nation-building in the Middle East.[30]
Career as an activist [ edit ]
Gay rights activist [ edit ]
After retiring from the Dolphin Group in 2004, Karger became a gay activist. Karger first organized a non-profit group called Save the Boom to save a historic gay bar in Laguna Beach California from the wrecking ball. It failed and closed in 2007.[37][38]
In July 2008, Karger founded Californians Against Hate to serve as a political watchdog of the major donors and organizations working to take away gay marriage in California through Proposition 8.[39] Karger and Californians Against Hate have waged four boycotts of companies whose families gave large contributions to qualify and pass Proposition 8:
LDS Church and same-sex marriage [ edit ]
Karger has stated that they consider their bid less about winning the presidency, than about getting the LDS Church to end its political campaign against same-sex marriage.[12] They have picketed LDS stores and bookstores.[12] Previously, Karger also filed a formal complaint with the California Fair Political Practices Commission (FPPC) against the LDS Church, accusing the church of hiding the extent of its financial involvement supporting Proposition 8.[47] Karger noticed discrepancies between the $2,078 worth of non-monetary contributions that the LDS Church had reported and all the activities that the church had undertaken to pass Proposition 8.[4] Roman Porter, the executive director of the FPPC, announced a full investigation later that month. The investigation examined the church's involvement in providing phone banks, a website and commercials for Proposition 8,[47] ultimately finding the church guilty of 13 violations, which the LDS Church settled by paying a fine.[47][48] In early 2017 they spearheaded the organization Mormon Tips for evidence against the LDS Church[49][50][51] in order to file a complaint with the IRS which could revoke their tax-exempt status.[52][53][54][55]
Complaint against National Organization for Marriage [ edit ]
In October 2009, Karger and Californians Against Hate filed a formal ethics complaint with the state of Maine against the National Organization for Marriage (NOM), regarding political donor reporting.[56] In response, the Maine Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices launched an investigation of NOM. Maine law requires a disclosure report from any organizations that raises more than $5,000 for a ballot question campaign. NOM had contributed $1.6 million to Stand For Marriage Maine, as of October 23, 2009, without revealing its donors' names.[57] Karger has repeatedly called for a Congressional Investigation of the National Organization for Marriage due to its late and non-reporting of its federal 990 income tax returns.[58]
Tobacco advocacy [ edit ]
In the 1990s Karger worked for the tobacco industry to prevent smoking bans in California.[59]
Orange juice boycott [ edit ]
Karger encouraged Republicans to boycott Florida orange juice in protest of the Florida Republican Party's decision to reschedule its primary to January, which upsets the normal primary calendar.[60]
See also [ edit ]
It looks like Baldur's Gate II's spam filter has let through an enhancement e-mail. You know the kind I'm talking about. In search of an ego boost, though I know plenty of people who like the venerable organ just the way it is, it has succumbed to the cheap thrills offered within, and ordered a course of treatment: “Why settle for less when we can boost your resolution and remaster your original renders with our all natural process?” So Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition will be arriving in November, all enhancedy.
That's basically what I picture when you use the word “enhancement”, and I apologise for sharing it. Aside from helping an age-old game to run on the modern systems without the worry of mods and ini hacks, exactly what's been brought to the table? It'll come with Throne of Bhaal, and there will be an additional four new characters to play with: half-orc Blackguard Dorn Il-Khan, Neera the Wild Mage, monk Rasaad yn Bashir, each with spin-off quests. Baeloth, a drow sorcerer, is the fourth character, but has no additional content. All told, there will be 30 extra locations crammed in by Beamdog and released on November 15th.
It looks okay at a glance, but I'm aware of a certain amount of discontent with the port. I can't find an RPS WiT, and I was too busy not playing Dark Souls to not play it. Did anyone stick with it?
Why is this Stock Video of a Kid Waving an American Flag in so Many Political Ads?
Andrew Kaczynski and Megan Apper, two political reporters over at Buzzfeed, noticed something pretty funny: a random stock image of a young kid waving an American flag, that can be found in way too many political ads. The article points out that the majority of the ads happen to be Republican, but we know Republican ads are usually ripe with repetition.
If you want this magical flag waving child in your political ad too, just head over to Shutterstock.com and search: “young boy waving flag, slow motion.”
Scott Walker's “Our American Revival” PAC's debut political ad, at 1:36.
“Carly for America” PAC's debut ad, 0:31 seconds into the video.
“Catholics for Romney/Ryan's” 2012 ad. Literally the entire political ad is just this boy waving the flag.
Marco Rubio's 2010 Senate ad, at 0:22 seconds.
The FreedomWorks Matt Bevin for Senate ad, at 0:23 seconds.
The FreedomWorksTed Cruz for Senate ad, at 0:14 seconds.
The Citizens for the Republic ad, “Mourning in America,” 0:58 seconds.
Bob Barr for Congress, 0:12 seconds.
The Steve Womack for Congress ad, “flag.” At the beginning of the ad.
Scott Brown, 2014 Senate ad at 1:30.
×
The level of PCBs in Crabtree Creek, Brier Creek, Walnut Creek and the parts of the Neuse River in Wake County are so high that you should not eat the fish.
These waterways, and more than 1,200 others statewide, are among the most polluted in North Carolina. Known as the 303d list, named after the portion of the federal Clean Water Act that regulates it, the document details the most impaired watersCategory 5in the state.
When a waterway appears as a Category 5, it triggers certain environmental regulations. These include limitations on what toxics and contaminants can be discharged into the waterway each day and still meet water quality standards.
In Januarybefore the coal ash spill into the Dan River and the sewage spill into the Haw Riverthe N.C. Department of Environment and Natural Resources drafted a new list; you can comment on it until March 14. Send comments to andy.painter@ncdenr.gov.
Number of impaired waters:
U.S. = 41,529
North Carolina = 1,270
N.C. rank in U.S. = 11
Wake County:
Miles of impairedwaterways = 160.6
Additional acres = 216.6
Chatham County:
Miles of impairedwaterways = 94.6
Additional acres = 2544.2
Durham County:
Miles of impairedwaterways = 72.9
Additional acres = 4997.1
Orange County:
Miles of impairedwaterways = 32.1
The list may be modified based on public comment; the final version will be posted on the DENR website after EPA review and approval. View the entire 154-page list of current impaired waters, plus proposed additions.
Sources: N.C. DENR
This article appeared in print with the headline "Clean Water Act."
The Hampton Jazz Festival will return to Hampton Coliseum in June with a lineup laden with acts proven to be popular among the event's loyal audience. Kenny G, Jill Scott and Dave Koz will perform along with Natalie Cole, Gerald Albright and KEM.
The lineup announced today, March 26, represents a distillation of the festival's approach in recent years. It offers the old-and-new R&B of Charlie Wilson, the smooth jazz of Koz and Norman Brown, and a splash of contemporary soul from the likes of Scott, Ledisi and newcomer Alex Boyd.
Missing from the bill are festival regulars Maze featuring Frankie Beverly and Gladys Knight. Coliseum Director Joe Tsao said the fact that those big names are missing isn't a sign that the event is recalibrating its approach.
"I wouldn't say we're moving in a different direction," Tsao explained. "We've stayed true to our formula, based on the expressed desires of our audience."
Tsao said the festival does exit poll surveys each year. "We hear from our people about what sort of artists they would like to see. We also inject a little bit of our own experience to help make things make sense ...
"Our formula is not that sophisticated. We listen to our people. We listen to what they say and we also observe what artists do well for us."
Among the newcomers playing this year's festival are Monica, Alex Boyd and RaJazz, a band from Chesapeake.
Here's the full lineup:
Friday, June 22, 7:30 p.m.
Charlie Wilson
Natalie Cole
Norman Brown & Gerald Albright
Alex Boyd
Saturday, June 23, 2012, 7 p.m.
Kenny G
Monica
Ledisi
Will Downing
Sunday, June 24, 2 p.m.
Jill Scott
KEM
Dave Koz & Candy Dulfer
RaJazz
Tickets will be priced at $56.50 per seat, per day, plus fees. That's a dollar higher than last year. This is the second consecutive year that the festival has increased the price. Last year's price hike was $3.
Tickets go on sale 10 a.m. Saturday, March 31 from Ticketmaster, the Hampton Coliseum box office and by calling 1-800-745-3000. Go here to buy online.
Here's a video from last year of Alex Boyd making their network television debut on CBS.
What follows is the overview included in the official Hampton Jazz Festival media release issued today.
**************
Friday's show features the return of one of the greatest entertainers in the business today, Charlie Wilson. Their all-new show will certainly be a festival knockout punch. Joining Charlie will be Natalie Cole, one of the most important female singers alive today. Also appearing will be jazz duo Norman Brown and Gerald Albright. Making their festival debut will be newcomer Alex Boyd, whose soon to be released single “Light Up Tonight” has already become an online hit. Saturday's lineup features the return of a festival favorite, Kenny G. Making their festival debut is R&B artist Monica, whose new album “New Life” has all the makings of a platinum level hit. Also appearing Saturday will be recent Grammy-nominee Ledisi and Jazz/R&B crooner Will Downing.
Sunday's show will feature the fabulous Jill Scott. In the past few years, Jill has steadily climbed to the top of the female R&B genre, and will certainly be a wonderful closer for the 45th annual Hampton Jazz Festival. Festival favorite, KEM, will also appear as well as a dynamic sax duo of Dave Koz with special guest Candy Dulfer. Rounding out Sunday will be a local jazz group, RaJazz, a favorite in the Tidewater area.
Tickets to the 45th Annual Hampton Jazz Festival are priced at $56.50 per seat, per day, plus applicable fees. Tickets will go on sale this Saturday, March 31 at 10 am online at www.ticketmaster.com, charge-by-phone at 1-800-745-3000, at all VA, MD and DC Ticketmaster Outlets, and at the Hampton Coliseum Box Office. Additional Festival information is available online at www.hamptonjazzfestival.com.
***************
YouPorn, a top 100 website, has had its data exposed after it was discovered that one of its public facing servers contained a list of users' email addresses, passwords and dates of birth. In an odd twist of fate, YouPorn finally found a way to literally screw its users.
According to NakedSecurity.com, the credentials of over 1 million users were found on a public facing server and are now being spread across the web. This is surely a case of where a users' email is more valuable than the password itself as linking a login to an individual could impose significant personal damage.
YouPorn has shut down the offending server that contained the list of user names and passwords but the damage has already been done as the list is currently being passed around the Internet.
To make things even worse, all the data was stored as plain text, so there is no hiding behind an encrypted email address or password.
So there you have it, one of the largest porn sites on the net just shared over 1 million users' email address and passwords with the world; so much for the private browsing session.
Image Credit: NakedSecurity.com
Jules Manson, a failed Tea Party candidate for local office in California, recently called for the assassination of President Obama and their daughters in a racial epithet-ridden Facebook screed.
The post, originally about their opposition to the recent passage of the controversial National Defense Authorization Act, which includes a measure allowing the indefinite detention of suspected foreign terrorists, referred to the president as a "monkey." Then it got much worse.
"Assassinate the f----- n----- and their monkey children," Manson commented on their own post, according to a screen shot uploaded by Facebook group "Americans Against the Tea Party" and relayed by Your Black Politics blog.
The post has since been scrubbed from their Facebook profile, replaced with an explanation that the comments were "careless, emotionally driven remarks that had no real substance."
Manson, an avid Ron Paul supporter and libertarian, also writes that they have since been visited by the Secret Service, with whom they say they cooperated fully as they "was hiding nothing."
According to the New York Daily News, Manson, who lost their 2011 bid for a City Council seat in Carson, Calif. with only 4 percent of the vote, has also posted pictures of Obama dressed as Hitler from their Facebook account.
In a post listed since the latest flare-up, Manson derisively announces a 2012 run for California's 28th State Senate district as a Democrat.
"I intend on representing the Democratic Party with due dignity, and loyalty for my campaign contributors which will happen to be public-sector labor unions and other collective bargaining institutions that help keep the poor man down and dependent on government," they write. "I will also strongly advocate for the raising of taxes to meet the growing unsustainable demand for pensions and compensation packages for state workers despite California being the second highest taxed state in the union."
During a brief appearance Friday at Pocono Raceway, Clint Bowyer urged the media to be patient about their future and that of Michael Waltrip Racing and Chip Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates.
On Thursday, MWR co-owner Rob Kauffman announced that they were buying an undisclosed interest in the Ganassi outfit, with which Kauffman will be aligned next year.
Few specifics of the deal were proffered, although in one of half a dozen of so statements issued by various parties, Sabates confirmed CGR will be a three-car team in 2016.
Article continues below ...
In addition, multiple sources confirmed to FOXSports.com that the MWR shop in Cornelius, North Carolina is up for sale and already has at least one potential buyer scheduled to visit Friday.
What happens to MWR remains to be seen, as do myriad details.
Earlier this week, the Sports Business Journal reported that Bowyer and at least some of their sponsors will move to CGR next year, although that has not been officially confirmed.
After Friday's lone round of NASCAR Sprint Cup Series practice at Pocono, Bowyer read a brief statement and took just one question.
"This isn't what any of you guys want," Bowyer told the media at Pocono. "You need to bear with us. There's obviously some change on the horizon. I got the same release you guys did. We've got a new sponsor on the car this weekend. It's a big deal for us. We've been working on this a long time. Got a lot of momentum going into this — we're 20 points out of the Chase and we've got to finish this year strong. Like I said, there's a lot of work to be done in the future and we're all working on it and when I have something to tell you guys you all know me and I'll tell you."
Asked if they found out about the deal from the statement MWR issued Thursday morning, Bowyer said that wasn't the case.
"No, I said you read the statement that I did," Bowyer responded. "There's obviously change on the horizon and we're going to have to work on the future and see what that looks like, but for right now we're focused on 2015, getting Maxwell House in Victory Lane this weekend and getting in this Chase. We're close and this can happen and these guys got to stay focused, I've got to stay focused, and if we do our jobs we can get in this Chase and compete for a championship."
Heading into Sunday's race at Pocono, Bowyer is 15th in points and on the bubble to qualify for the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup.
"Whose tweets? Our tweets!" Sometimes, only puns will do.
The Brookfield Winter Garden is the sort of aggressively bland corporate un-place where scuffles with the NYPD are not supposed to happen.
The financial district of New York is full of spaces like this: soulless private-public atriums full of force-grown unseasonal greenery, glistening 1980s marble and glaze-eyed commuters on their way to meetings. It's a place for "passive recreation" -- the stated function of Zucotti Park, also owned and run by Brookfield industries.
Absolutely nothing of emotional or political significance is ever supposed to happen here, ever. Right now, though, scores of members of the police force Mayor Bloomberg called their "private army" are arresting people seemingly at random just for looking like they might be working against the world's largest investment bank, rather than for it.
Just after eight in the morning, several hundred protesters from Occupy Wall Street had gathered in front of the headquarters of Goldman Sachs, banging drums, blearily slurping coffee and carrying a large, wobbly papier-mache squid. The latter was a reference to Rolling Stone journalist Matt Taibbi's iconic denotion of the bank as "a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money".
Some of the protesters also wore homemade cardboard squid hats. Yeah, take that, everyone who used to be skeptical about radical writers' ability to change the world using only the power of humorous metaphor.
Black bloc it wasn't. But this wasn't New York's day of action, not really. The demonstration was called in solidarity with the workers and occupiers attempting to block major ports along the West Coast of America, many of which happen to be controlled by subsidiaries of the Goldman group. Which also owns much of America's university system. And the shipping industry. And your mortgage. And your soul.
The fact that angry chanting and heavy policing have become routine features of life in the financial district is perhaps only appropriate in a country where four million families have been made homeless by a banking industry that was recently rewarded for trashing the economy with trillions of dollars of public money.
After a noisily peaceful march around the Goldman building, which entirely failed to collapse like the walls of Jericho, some of the protesters broke off to march through the World Financial Centre, adjoining the Winter Garden Plaza. Which is when the police freaked the hell out.
Red-eyed, astonished businesspersons held up their smartphones like protective talismans as emissaries of the 99 per cent danced around the ornamental ferns. Police poured in as someone dropped a West Coast Solidarity banner above the escalators. Protesters stood and shouted "everybody pays their tax, everyone but Goldman Sachs" -- well, close enough, the company paid only one per cent tax in 2008 -- just a little too long. On the turn of a penny, the arrests began.
By now we're used to hearing about protesters being arrested for taking part in peaceful actions, but this is the first time I've truly witness young people being grabbed at random just for standing near a demonstration with a phone or camera.
At least two of the 18 arrestees were journalists, including Radio Dispatch's John Knefel, and it is pure luck that the officer who shoved me through the atrium doors, shouting "your turn now", when they saw me tweeting, did not decide to arrest me too. As citizen journalists and members of the marching band sat in the back of the police van, a chant started: "Whose tweets? Our tweets!"
In the face of this sort of paranoid over-protection of a degenerate financial elite, you have to pun, because otherwise you might put your fist through a wall.
Funnily enough, last week, when hundreds of protesters and local campaigners really did take over a foreclosed property in East New York technically belonging to Bank of America, Bloomberg's army was almost nowhere to be seen.
But I guess we should be glad that they aren't going to be Secretary of State. It would have been much better all around if they had been tapped as Ambassador to India (as several of our readers suggested!) See breaking news at The Hill.
At the UN, Haley will replace the truly awful Samantha Power (our lengthy Power archive is here), but will they have the gumption to stare down the new UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, an avowed Socialist, who, as UN High Commissioner for Refugees, presided over (and encouraged!) the refugee invasion of Europe and has been pushing the US and other western countries to permanently resettle hundreds of thousands of Muslim migrants for the last decade.
For more on Guterres our archive is here.
Indeed the UN is picking the refugees the US has been taking and that is the reason almost all Syrians entering the US are Muslim and not persecuted Christians.
In recent months we have seen the Mormon Church (Mitt Romney is a Mormon) get behind the resettlement of refugees, including Syrians and Somalis, in a big way, see here. For eight of the nine years I've written about the program, Mormons stayed out of the issue. Also, remember that faced with the hard left calling them a racist, Romney squished-out on immigration in 2012 (one reason that cost them the election in my opinion).
A combo of Haley (who did nothing to stand in the way of the refugee resettlement program as it arrived full force in SC two years ago) at the UN and Romney in the State Department will (I predict) not bode well for reining-in the UN/US Refugee Admissions Program. (What is Trump thinking?)
If Romney is selected as Secretary of State, they will show their true colors by who they pick (or encourages Trump to pick) to replace Anne Richard as Asst. Secretary of State for Population, Refugees and Migration.
However, keep fingers crossed that Trump picks a hard liner on Muslim migration for State who can also keep Haley under control at the UN.
We will be watching……
Guess I won't be retiring anytime soon!
P.S. Here is what Grover Norquist (who has been pushing for more Muslim migration to America ever since I began writing RRW in 2007) said on Twitter this morning on hearing the news:
Grover Norquist Retweeted POLITICO
Great choice. Nikki Haley is the future of the GOP. Trump is playing the long game.
A 79-year-old Tennessee man called 911 saying they went two days without food, so police stepped in and delivered enough meals to last a month, paying for the food out of their own pockets.
The man, who asked WKRN.com not to identify him, told the station that they were on a fixed income and relied on Social Security benefits. To make matters significantly more challenging, their caretaker is accused of stealing their debit card earlier this month.
Police said Tammy Brooks, 36, was seen on surveillance video using the stolen card and was arrested on Sunday night, the report said.
The officers arrived at the man's Mt. Pleasant home with several bags of groceries amounting to about $160.
“I think they were shocked at the amount of food that we bought and just the fact it was there without question,” one of the officers said.
Quick overview
Take a couple of minutes to explore what makes mini.css different from all those other CSS frameworks and UI toolkits.
Why should I use mini.css?
mini.css is a lot lighter than a lot of other full-featured CSS frameworks (e.g. Bootstrap, Semantic UI), but it is not a micro framework (e.g. Milligram, Pure.CSS). Instead, mini.css blurs the line between full-featured and micro frameworks by providing lots of modules and components in a very small file. All the things you expect to find in a CSS framework, such as grids, styling for common elements and typography, along with some more complex components such as tabs or cards are all present in mini.css.
Not convinced yet? Maybe you should read these 5 reasons to try out mini.css.
What exactly does mini.css provide?
Many CSS frameworks utilize modules to deliver more components and features, without making it necessary for all developers to include them. mini.css provides a handful of very powerful modules that can do many different things. This way, developers only have to learn a few different HTML structures and patterns, while having the ability to build a lot of interesting things with them. You can see an overview of the modules below:
Core - Basic reset and fix rules, based on Normalize.css v5.0.0, typography and common textual element styling
Grid - Powerful, responsive grid system based on the Flexible Layout Module (commonly known as flexbox)
Navigation - Common navigational elements such as headers, footers and navigation bars
Input Control - Form, input element, checkbox, radio button and button styling
Table - Modern table styling, horizontal and preset tables, table responsiveness for mobile devices
Card - Sleek, modern general-purpose content containers, media embedding
Tab - Modern, responsive tabs, accordions and collapses
Contextual - Content highlight element styling, elegant alerts and accessible tooltips
Progress - Modern progress bar styling and spinning progress indicators
Utility - Utilities, visibility helper classes, responsive sizing and breadcrumbs
While not strictly part of the framework, we have also created component libraries for React and Preact, which will make your development faster and easier, especially if you are developing progressive web apps. You can get started with one of our Javascript libraries here!
How do I customize mini.css?
mini.css allows you to easily customize your designs, using Flavors, pre-built color and style variants of the framework. The functionality is the same, but many things like color palettes, spacing and fonts can be easily changed by the community. Apart from that, you can easily build your own flavor by tweaking variables and using mixins, as explained in depth in the customization section.
Miami-Dade's Donor Class: Black Political Participation in Miami-Dade
Miami-Dade County in Florida has had its fair share of high-profile voter suppression issues. Whether it be long lines, canceling of Souls to the Polls Sundays, or voter registration restrictions, many of the issues have directly impacted the black community. However, there is a significant and structural impediment to black political participation that is rarely examined. Political donations have a large amount of influence over the political process, and the county's vibrant diversity isn't represented in the county's donor class. Black people make up one-fifth of the county's population, but only 2 percent of donors to mayoral candidates. The donor pool for county commission candidates includes more black donors, but is still not representative. Black donors and donors with low-incomes are more likely to be small donors, who are massively outspent by large donors. This population is massively outspent by big donors. This could severely discount black interests in political considerations and reduce the black community's stake in local politics. And the stakes for all Miami-Dade citizens are high: The county currently faces important decisions about gentrification, sea level rise, services, transportation and development.
To have a true democratic process, all communities should actively participate in all sides of the political process: being well informed, voting, and being able to support candidates for office through financial contributions. Otherwise, their voices and interests could easily be drowned out of the political process by powerful developers or other non-community interests who are able to have influence through large donations. A structural solution is to institute a comprehensive public financing system, which would empower the more diverse smaller donors to create a more representative democracy.
Key Findings
Black people make up a representative share of county commission members, but are under-represented as donors to either the county commissioners or mayoral candidates.
Black donors make up a larger share of donors contributing to county commissioner elections than to mayoral elections.
Black donors make up a larger share of the small donor pool (those who give $100 or less) than the large donor pool.
Few Mayoral Donors Are Black
Miami-Dade has 13 county commissioners, and black people are well represented on the council. Four commissioners (including the chairperson) are black,1 which is representative of the one-fifth of the population who are black. However, black donors make up only 12 percent of county commissioner donors. Black donors make up a minuscule share of donors to the two mayoral candidates that Demos examined, Carlos Gimenez and Raquel Regalado. Black donors make up just 2 percent of mayoral donors, which is a tenth of their share of the Miami-Dade population. Among all donors examined, just 5 percent are black, a fourth of their share of the general population.
The Small Donor Pool Includes More Black Individuals
While black donors are underrepresented among large donors, they are slightly better represented in the smaller donor pool. In the county commissioner races, black donors are slightly over-represented in the small donor pool. When both donor pools are compiled, black donors are under-represented at all levels, but make up 7 percent of donors giving less than $500 and 3 percent of donors giving more than $1,000.
Conclusion
A ballot initiative is currently being circulated in Miami-Dade would encourage a more diverse donor pool and empower the county's black population. Among important campaign finance reforms, such as lowering contribution limits, prohibiting contributions from big county contractors and their lobbyists, and strengthening enforcement, the initiative would update and strengthen the county's public financing program. Candidates who qualify for this program would only take small donations (up to $100) and those donations would be matched six times, up to a limit. Because black individuals make up a larger share of the small donor pool, a robust public financing system would empower black voters in Miami-Dade.
Appendix
The numbers are based on an analysis performed by Brian Schaffner and Jesse Rhodes of University of Massachusetts Amherst in collaboration with Demos. They used the disclosure data for Miami-Dade County to find data on contributions made during the first five months of the County's 2016 elections for Mayor/County Commission. To find donations to each of two mayoral candidates, Carlos Gimenez and Raquel Regalado, they searched for donations made to each candidate's campaign from October 1st, 2015 through February 29th, 2016. This provided a unique spreadsheet containing the donation amount and the name of the contributor for each candidate. They used the same time parameters in the search for donations made to the following candidates for County Commission: Bruno Barreiro, Earl Beaver, Daisy Black, Esteban Bovo, Audrey Edmonson, Barbara Jordan, Dennis Moss, Alfred Santamaria, Xavier Suarez, and Juan Carlos Zapata. These search criteria returned three spreadsheets (one for each mayoral candidate and a third for the commission candidates collectively), which contained the amount and source of each donation. They used the name and address of each candidate to match these files into Catalist, a voter file database. The match rates for each file are listed below.
Match Rates
Gimenez: 89 percent
Regalado: 86 percent
Commissioners: 89 percent
Endnotes
The Black county commissioners include Barbara J. Jordan (District 1), Jean Monestime (District 2), Audrey M. Edmonston (District 3, Chairman) and Dennis C. Moss (District 9).
* Black means African-Americans, Haitian-American, Jamaica-American and other black, non-Hispanic Caribbean
WASHINGTON — An examination of the cellphone used by the engineer on the Amtrak train that derailed in Philadelphia last month, killing eight people, turned up no evidence that they were on the phone at the time of the accident, federal investigators said Wednesday.
“Analysis of the phone records does not indicate that any calls, texts, or data usage occurred during the time the engineer was operating the train,” the National Transportation Safety Board said in an update of its investigation into the accident.
Investigators said an examination of Amtrak's records also confirmed that the engineer had not used the train's Wi-Fi system while they were operating the locomotive.
Still, at a Senate hearing on the derailment on Wednesday, T. Bella Dinh-Zarr, the vice chairperson of the safety board, said the agency was continuing to examine more than 400,000 files of metadata on the phone.
(RNS) As more states affirm same-sex marriage, U.S. evangelicals continue to wrestle with homosexuality, setting boundaries for what's acceptable and what's not, and setting the stage for a heated fall election season.
This week, things got hotter.
A new group called Evangelicals for Marriage Equality launched Tuesday (Sept. 9) and is collecting signatures from evangelicals who support same-sex marriage. Its advisory board includes author and speaker Brian McLaren, former National Association of Evangelicals vice president Richard Cizik, and former USAID faith adviser Chris LaTondresse. Cizik resigned from their NAE position over their support for same-sex civil unions.
“Our organization is not taking a theological position on the issue of the sacrament of marriage,” said spokesperson Brandan Robertson. “We just want evangelicals to see that it is possible to hold a plethora of beliefs about sexuality and marriage while affirming the rights of LGBTQ men and women to be civilly married under the law.”
Testing evangelical boundaries didn't work well for World Vision earlier this year when it decided and then reversed its position on same-sex employees. The new marriage equality group is already facing challenges from evangelical institutions. An ad it placed with Christianity Today, World and Relevant magazines was rejected by all three evangelical mainstays.
The organization, founded by two straight evangelicals, Josh Dickson and Michael Saltsman, will join other groups planning to dialogue on same-sex marriage this fall.
The Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission will host a conference in Nashville, Tenn., in October on “The Gospel, Homosexuality and the Future of Marriage,” urging faith leaders to oppose same-sex marriage.
At the other end of the spectrum, author Matthew Vines will lead a gathering in November in Washington focused on LGBT inclusion in churches. Vines are hopeful the new group might change evangelical minds.
“We still haven't arrived at a sea change among evangelicals, but the tone and passion around the issue of civil marriage equality has certainly been changing as more evangelicals are accepting that same-sex marriage will soon be the law of the land, whether they are pleased about it or not,” Vines said. “I think they have a chance to persuade more evangelicals to lay down their arms in this culture war battle that has been so harmful to the primary mission of the church.”
The group's arguments may sway younger evangelicals who are more open to the idea that theology shouldn't dictate public policy, said Eric Teetsel, director of the Manhattan Declaration, a conservative movement focused on life, marriage and religious freedom issues.
“It's ironic that you have a group of politically liberal Christians who have made a name for themselves specifically by using theological principles to advocate political ends,” Teetsel said. “If you told them that what the Bible says about caring for the poor shouldn't be applied to foreign policy, they would dismiss it. I'm confused to why they draw this line when it comes to marriage.”
Research on evangelicals suggest that younger evangelicals are more likely to support same-sex marriage than those of an older generation, though many still resist it.
In 2012, Pew found that 29 percent of young white evangelicals (age 18-29) expressed support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, higher than older evangelicals at 17 percent. That's far below the level of support for same-sex marriage expressed by young adults as a whole (65 percent).
A 2014 Public Religion Research Institute survey suggested that white evangelical Protestant millennials are more than twice as likely to favor same-sex marriage as the oldest generation of white evangelical Protestants (43 percent compared to 19 percent).
During a May 10 meeting with Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak, Trump began describing details about an Islamic State terror threat, according to current and former U.S. officials. (The Washington Post)
President Trump is scheduled to depart Friday on their first international trip as president, with scheduled visits in Saudi Arabia, Israel and the West Bank, and the Vatican, followed by attendance at meetings of NATO in Brussels and the G7 alliance in Sicily. Talking to reporters this morning, national security adviser H.R. McMaster brushed off questions about Trump's sharing of classified information with Russian officials, focusing instead on the trip's purpose to “highlight the need for unity among three of the world's great religions” and further “an agenda of tolerance.”
But less than two hours after McMaster spoke, the New York Times reported this afternoon that Israel is the ally whose intelligence Trump inappropriately shared with Russian officials. Although Israel would not confirm the report, it would, if true, vindicate the fears of Israeli intelligence officials who warned, even before Trump took office, that intelligence shared with the United States could be leaked to Russia, and potentially passed on to Iran.
Here's the upshot of all this: Trump's trip must be canceled. Our national security, our relationships with allies, and the security of the world are at risk due to the president's erratic behavior and inability to adhere to basic norms of both democracy and diplomacy.
Even for a capable president, Trump's itinerary would represent an ambitious agenda. In Trump's hands, though, it's fraught with the perils of tweets, statements, misstatements, boasts or other inappropriate Trump outbursts that could trigger or intensify geopolitical and religious tensions. Beyond politics, the idea that Trump is capable of promoting even an iota of religious tolerance is almost too absurd to even address.
In short, the trip is a catastrophe waiting to happen.
First, and most crucially, revelations about Trump's conduct over the past 24 hours have rightly spooked our allies. After yesterday's blockbuster Post article exposing Trump's cavalier sharing of classified information with Russian officials, the White House has not taken a single step to reassure them, such as publicly acknowledging Trump's conduct and promising it won't happen again.
Instead, the White House's efforts at damage control have only made matters worse. The White House hasn't meaningfully denied the story; it has only denied that Trump did anything wrong. Today, after Trump tweeted that they had an “absolute right” to share “facts pertaining to terrorism and airline flight safety” with Russian officials, McMaster seemed to acknowledge that the story was indeed true, but that what Trump did was “wholly appropriate.”
But Trump's loose lips may have endangered the life of an intelligence source and that person's family, and it certainly is already damaging our relationships and crucial intelligence-sharing arrangements with allies, according to Stephen Tankel, a defense and national security expert writing at The Post's Monkey Cage blog.
What's more, the story is alienating allies. “If it proves to be true that the American president passed on internal intelligence matters, that would be highly worrying,” a senior German lawmaker told the Associated Press. A second European official warned that Trump's actions may complicate intelligence-sharing with the United States. And by undermining allies' trust in their ability to keep sensitive information secret, Trump is putting obstacles in the way of the counterterrorism fight. Because Trump is prone to off-the-cuff remarks, even a single misstep during their trip abroad (particularly as they are trying to engage in diplomacy) could further inflame these relationships.
Second, Trump's justification by tweet this morning — that “I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism” — reveals their utter lack of understanding of who precisely our allies are in the fight against ISIS. (Or, worse, it perhaps reveals a desire to realign those alliances.)
“The idea that Russia is going to be a responsible partner in the future of Syria is belied by years and years of facts on the ground,” Sen. Chris Murphy, the Connecticut Democrat, said at a panel at the Center for American Progress this morning. “We have been trying to get the Russians to be a meaningful partner inside Syria, and they end up doing more damage than good.” On their trip abroad, Trump could further alienate Middle Eastern allies simply by continuing to press their view that Russia could be an ally in the fight against ISIS.
Third, McMaster's own admission to reporters today that “the president wasn't even aware of where this information came from,” which was intended as a rationale, only demonstrates further why Trump cannot be trusted with any sensitive information, classified or not. And it further proves he's winging it in nearly every setting, whether it's Twitter, television interviews or meetings with foreign leaders.
Trump will be winging it during their trip to Israel, too — and in the polarized Israeli-Palestinian conflict, even seemingly small missteps relating to issues like the status of Jerusalem can set off violence. It's not an exaggeration to say that lives are at stake. On this front, other warning signs of Trump's lack of preparedness are in full view: Trump's team has managed, over the past several days, to alarm Israeli officials with bizarre lapses in basic protocol and erratic statements on Trump's own policy positions, including on the question of whether the U.S. Embassy should be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Given Team Trump's lack of preparedness and expertise in the White House and State Department, it's not unreasonable to expect that further gaffes of this nature are possible during their trip abroad.
That brings us to the final reason why this trip is quite possibly the most ill-conceived misadventure in the history of American diplomacy. Trump, McMaster told us this morning, will give a speech in Saudi Arabia about Islam and religious tolerance.
It is virtually unfathomable that Trump, whose first months in office have been dominated by their (disguised) effort to keep Muslims out of the United States, could give a speech anywhere in the Muslim world on Islam and have it be well-received. Trump, after all, once told the Christian Broadcasting Network that the Koran teaches “a very negative vibe.”
It's hard to imagine Trump exercising sufficient self-control to emerge from an eight-day trip overseas without incident. They can barely go 24 hours without incident under normal circumstances. The best way to prevent more Trump damage is to keep them home.
#14 Originally Posted by R_E Originally Posted by Two things come to mind about this post.
1) Pandora is a great free and legal application. It however is only able to stay free based on revenue from people who buy their unlimited service because they actually pay for each song they stream. By not paying for unlimited, you are cheating Pandora and leading to their demise. It not like they are some big software company charging hundreds of dollars. Just pay.
2) I assume Pandora Tablet is based on the source code for the Pre Pandora app and that it is not sanctioned by Pandora (If either of these is not true, please disregard this). That would make this app copyright infringement. There are actual legal ways to distribute something like this other than distributing Pandora's IP. One such way is to make a patch.
Part of what makes the WebOS community so great is it commitment to legal device enrichment and in my opinion it should stay that way.
Starbucks Corp., the world's largest coffee-shop chain, announced this past Sunday that it will pay for its workers to attend Arizona State University to complete a bachelor's degree. The company had recently offered its once restricted stock, Bean Stock, up to its employees, and now the company adds to the perks by offering free college to eligible workers. The Starbucks College Achievement Plan replaces the company's scaled-down program in which employees who had worked at least one year were eligible for up $1,000 in tuition reimbursement.
How it Works
The Starbucks company will now begin paying for its 135,000 eligible U.S. employees to complete a bachelor's degree through Arizona State University online, where courses are valued at $10,000 a year. Arizona State University offers up to 40 undergraduate degree programs such as engineering and nursing in which Starbucks employees can choose from. The program was designed in the past six months with close acquaintances Arizona State's President, Michael Crow, and Starbucks CEO, Howard Schultz. ASU President expects around 15,000 Starbucks employees to enroll as students.
We're able to be a part of a corporation which is valuing human capital at a whole new level.
So What's the Catch?
There isn't one! The major coffee-shop chain will pay half of the tuition (around $6,500) for enrolled first-year student and sophomores, and enrolled juniors and seniors will receive full tuition reimbursement. The only requirements are that the Starbucks workers be U.S. employees, be employed at one of the 8,078 company-owned stores, and work at least 20 hours a week to be eligible for this program. Company employees working in support centers and roasting facilities, as well as for the Teavana, La Boulange, and Evolution Fresh brands can also participate.
The President of Starbucks' Americas region, Cliff Burrows, had this to say in a phone interview with Bloomberg:
We've always known that our partners work hard every day, and this is the best way we can serve them. The program is meant to help with the financial burden of education, which is the most significant investment we've made in our partners since the introduction of Bean Stock.
Another important detail, students will also have no obligation to remain at Starbucks post-graduation.
Starbucks, As a Whole
A reimbursement program like this is rare, going beyond similar programs offered by Walmart, L Brands Inc., Victoria's Secret, and Home Depot Inc.. The company was reported to have lost 4.7 percent this year in shares, and after the announcement of this program, their share rose 0.2 percent in New York as of 11:07AM.
Though the odds of landing a job at Starbucks may have decreased due to this new program, where more and more employees are remaining with the company, many are excited to see where this takes the company and current/future employees.
With that being said, what do you think of this new program? Would you take advantage of this? Why or why not? Let me know what you think in the comments below! Also, be sure to follow the discussions on other topics here.
Consumer group Choice says the leaked Government ‘Online Copyright Infringement' discussion paper fails to deal with the real causes of piracy.
Choice also criticised industry's efforts, or the lack of them, on addressing the related ‘Australia tax' issue, which sees Australia paying much more for content and software than many other countries.
“If the Government is serious about addressing piracy, it needs to address the fundamental issues: that Australians often find it hard to gain access to content like movies and television, and when they do, they pay far too much compared to consumers in other countries,” says Choice's Erin Turner.
“This issue was comprehensively examined by the IT Pricing Inquiry, which released its report – At what cost? IT pricing and the Australia tax – one year ago.
“Australians commonly pay around 50% more for software and other digital products like games and music. The IT Pricing Inquiry provided a bipartisan blueprint for reforms to address this price discrimination.
“The Government's leaked anti-piracy discussion paper has missed the opportunity to deal with this problem—in fact, the paper explicitly says the Government does not want to receive comment on Australia tax issues.”
(loadposition graeme}
They said the paper, leaked by online new site Crikey (CommsWire yesterday) acknowledges that “rights holders can ensure that content can be accessed easily and at a reasonable price by their customers” but offers no policy solutions to address the Australia tax. It also states that it is “not seeking comment” on issues raised in the IT Pricing Inquiry.
“The leaked paper appears to focus on expanding the liability of Internet Service Providers for copyright infringement, and introducing an anti-piracy internet filter. These sorts of measures, when introduced overseas, have proven to be ineffective in reducing piracy, and costly for consumers.”
Meanwhile Australians are still paying more for identical digital products. For example, Adelaide-born artist Sia's new album, which reached number one in the US last month, is 82% more expensive in the Australian iTunes store than in the US iTunes store.
Similarly the new album of from Aussie artist Iggy Azalea, who has also made it big in the US, costs Australian consumers 45% more. And it's not just music – Australians pay 42% more to watch Australian Actor Hugh Jackman in The Wolverine.
“Choice believes that online copyright infringement is a real issue that must be addressed. However it also believes that piracy in Australian is in part driven by poor access and high prices of content, which are out of sync with other markets.
“We are not suggesting that better access and more competitive prices are silver bullets that will solve this issue entirely. But they are important factors which deserve real consideration - not just a tokenistic mention in a preamble,” Turner said.
Choice's recommendations:
As instructional designers, we're always looking for new concepts that will lead to successful
learning experiences. A main psychological phenomenon heavily practiced in the world of instructional design is information chunking. Chunking content is critical because of the way the human brain works.
What is information chunking? How do they relate to memory? How can instructional designers benefit from using chunking strategies?
Chunking Defined
Chunking refers to the strategy of breaking down information into bite-sized pieces so that human brain can easily digest the new information. When information is organized and grouped together, it is making the most efficient use of our short-term memory. When information is chunked into groups, the brain can process them easier and faster because our working memory, the area of our brain which manipulates information, holds a limited amount of data at one time.
Chunking and Short-Term Memory
George A. Miller first coined the term ‘chunking' in their 1956 paper, The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two: Some Limits on our Capacity for Processing Information. Here, they presented evidence that our working memory is limited in capacity and can only hold seven (plus or minus two) chunks of information at once. This poses problems for instructional designers as they devise ways of explaining complex content while the learner must hold several factors in mind in order to understand the final picture. This is where chunking plays a role. Chunking is a useful way of overcoming these limitations by helping the learner memorize something complex, such as a 14-digit number, a list of letters, syllables or a course's content. Since smaller ‘chunks' of information are easier to retain and recall, this strategy of ingesting information helps to almost double the capacity of the short-term memory. For example, if you had to absorb a list of 11 numbers in your short-term memory you would likely have a difficult time. However, by grouping the numbers together in chunks, the once arduous task will seem easier. Imagine the following 11 digits: 18645557141. You can break these numbers into chunks, such as: 1-864-555-7141. You will quickly create a mnemonic for these numbers as a long distance number. When it is represented as such it becomes easier to remember.
eLearning Chunking Strategy Tips
Depending on the eLearning course's content, there are many chunking strategies that can be used to break apart information. Regardless of the chosen strategy, they all revolve around three major processes:
Classifying content based on importance
Grouping content into small portions
Maintaining a consistent working memory check
Classify and Prioritize eLearning course content
Starting your instructional design by separating what is important from what isn't. Refine your content so that relevant content sticks and irrelevant content doesn't flood your learners' working memory with useless content. Less is more.
Group Content
Use your chunking strategy while determining the content hierarchy of a course. Separate your eLearning course content into modules, lessons and then smaller topics. Maintain a logical and progressive order as you do this. This process follows a funnel-like process as you begin with the masses and work yourself down to the particulars.
Content to Modules: Start with large chunks of conceptually related content and use these as your modules. There are numerous organizational strategies to use during this stage, including simple to complex, alphabetical, cause and effect, sequential, etc. Modules to Lessons: Divide modules into smaller related chunks and these will serve as your lessons. Continue with this process until content is broken down to the topic level. When you divide your eLearning course into topics and themes, your learner won't feel lost in a sea of unrelated and seemingly irrelevant information. Lessons to Screen: Once you have a solid module-lesson structure in place, a successful instructional designer should be cognizant of how the content appears on screen. The content should have a rational flow, starting from basic and broad concepts and then progressively advancing into more complex ideas. Each screen should consist of one chunk of related information. Avoid presenting multiple topics at one time and support content with various resources, including images, video, audios, etc. In fact, complementing any presentation with audio and video techniques increases retention rates and learner engagement. See 16 Visual Presentation Techniques Used by Top Learning Consultants.
Keep the Working Memory in Mind!
Throughout the process, remember to think in terms of working memory. Is all the content relevant? Is there anything you can break down more? As you consider this last question, ask yourself: Will the chunk of content require the learner to hold more than a few things in memory at one time in order to understand it? If so, break it up.
If you have lots of unrelated facts that are pivotal to include, turn these bits of information into chunks. Rather than breaking down the information, here you would chunk in the opposite direction. Find a way to relate these bits to each other and connect them. Use any strategy that will turn these individual bits of information until meaningful chunks. Remember, working memory is just as willing to retain four chunks of information as it is to hold four bits of information.
WHAT ARE YOUR MOST EFFECTIVE STRATEGIES FOR CHUNKING? COMMENT BELOW.
A security expert says Canadians should be on guard when it comes to their own government after Wednesday's attack in Ottawa, which left a soldier and a gunman dead, two days after another assault with a car killed a soldier in Quebec.
Don't Overreact, Don't Degrade Our Democracy read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Wednesday's attack came on a day when proposed legislation giving Canadian authorities new powers to track terrorists was expected to be tabled in the House of Commons.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper was not 20 minutes into their speech after Parliament reopened on Thursday morning before mentioning that organizations like the Canadian Security Intelligence Service will soon enjoy expanded powers, including surveillance.
Roland Paris, an associate professor at the University of Ottawa with expertise in international security and governance, said they won't speculate on what the new powers will be, but Canadians should scrutinize any forthcoming changes.
"We always need to be concerned about the risk of unnecessary intrusion into the private lives of individual Canadians," Paris said. "We have legal regimes to limit the powers of police and security services. They're there for a reason -- to protect the values of the society that we cherish."
Deciding what kind of measures should be taken to track terrorists is not something the country should do as it soothes its shaky nerves after the attack, they said.
"The moment of fear that naturally follows an attack like this isn't always the best place to be in order to make decisions on the balance between civil liberties and security."
Paris said Canada's leaders must be careful not to mix up the idea of more legal powers with designating more resources for security agencies to do their jobs.
They said the government has already lumped what looks to be a lone gunman in the attack in with organized terrorists, and that the attack in Ottawa appears to have little to do with Canada's recently launched military action in Iraq to fight ISIS.
Monitored man warns Canada
Keeping so-called lone wolves and organized terror groups apart from those with no relation to either is something that concerns Clayton Thomas-Muller.
Thomas-Muller became a news story themselves when it came to light that they were being monitored by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for their work with environmental and Indigenous groups.
The story came to light through freedom of information request and detailed how authorities kept tabs on the activist since 2010.
Thomas-Muller warned the Conservative government will use the attack as an excuse to abuse power and monitor groups which oppose its decisions.
"The Harper government has a very clear agenda which is really aimed at further disrupting Canadian democracy for its own purposes," they said.
A month ago, a FOI request by the Toronto Star revealed a list of demonstrations that Canadian authorities had been monitoring. Among them were environmental groups and those opposed to pipeline plans.
Canada has 'horrible' record of intrusive measures: OpenMedia
A warping of powers to target such groups is within the realm of possibility, said David Christopher of OpenMedia.ca, an Internet rights advocacy group.
Christopher said the government has a "horrible" track record of intrusive security measures and insisted Canada needs more safeguards to ensure authorities aren't abusing their powers to monitor suspects.
"We saw just last year the way CSIS was caught conducting spying on totally peaceful environmental groups," they said. "Really ridiculous that they're using -- wasting -- public resources spying on completely peaceful Canadians."
Christopher would not comment on the upcoming bill said to grant new powers to CSIS and other authorities, reserving judgment until they see what is proposed.
Despite concerns, they said they have faith that Canadians wouldn't accept drastic and intrusive changes.
Meanwhile, Paris said that finding the balance between security and liberty should be a top concern for the public.
"We owe it to ourselves to be very careful not just to ensure our security services have the resources they need to do the job we ask them to do, but also to make sure that we don't overreact to specific incidents by changing legal regimes that we might regret later on," they said.
by
One of the realities of the current way that we interact with money as a society is that credit is important.
Indeed, credit history is one of the most important elements of your finances. Building your credit is vital if you want the best interest rates, and even if you want lower rates for your insurance policies.
If you want to build your credit history, one of the easiest ways is to use a credit card. Credit cards can help you build your credit, and improve the chances that you are approved for loans, and that you get the best possible interest rates on loans, saving you money.
However, just having credit cards isn't enough.
You also need to keep track of what's happening with your credit report.
What is a Credit Report?
Your credit report is a compilation of information about how you interact with credit. This includes the number of accounts you have, as well as your payment history. Every time you borrow money, whether it's a car loan or a credit card or a payday loan, it is reported to one (or more) of the three major credit bureaus (Experian, TranUnion, and Equifax). Your payment history, as well as your balance, on each credit account is also reported.
The information in your credit report is used to create your credit score.
Why You Should Regularly Check Your Credit Report
The main reason to check your credit report regularly is to make sure that the information that the credit bureaus have on you is accurate. Yes, they can mistake.
If there is inaccurate information about how much you owe, and whether or not you have paid on time, it can affect your credit score. Errors on your credit report can cost you hundreds of dollars if you have to pay a higher interest rate as a result [did I say hundreds? it could be tens of thousands if we're talking about a mortgage].
You are entitled to dispute inaccurate items on your report, and have them removed so that your credit report accurately reflects your credit history.
Another reason to check your credit report regularly is to help you catch identity theft.
If someone opens a loan account in your name, you might not know about it if you aren't keeping track on your credit report. Checking your credit report can help you identify identity theft early, and help you take the appropriate steps as quickly as possible.
How to Check Your Credit Report
The best way to get one free copy of your credit report from each of the bureaus every year is to visit www.AnnualCreditReport.com.
This site was created in response to a federal law that requires the credit bureaus to offer you one free report each year. If you have already received your free reports, it's possible to pay for a report at one of the credit bureaus. Most bureaus offer reports from the other two as well, and you can get all three from MyFICO.com.
Hint: Spread out your credit report requests for one every four months. This way you can check a report at different times of the year. Remember you only get one report per credit bureau per year.
Additionally, you are entitled to a free report from the credit bureau that provided information that resulted in a negative outcome. So, if you are denied credit, or if you have to pay a higher interest rate, you can write in to the applicable credit agency and receive a free report.
Take advantage of these tools to check your report and ensure that all of the information contained in your report is correct.
If you don't check your credit report regularly it could be costing you money!
Comments
comments
Funimation came to SXSW to showcase their Bioware partnership. This being Bioware and Funimation's backyard, they showed up with many great previews of their Dragon Age and Mass Effect anime. The highlight of their showing was the first 20 minutes of Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker.
I will get in to many specific details of the first moments of the movie, so a SPOILER alert is in full effect for those reading on.
[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxaTQxcPyiY[/youtube]
The story of Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker revolves around Cassandra Pentaghast of Dragon Age II.  They are mostly known for their interrogation of Varric in the game. The anime looks to establish a much richer characterization by throwing them in to a political conspiracy involving the Templars and the Circle of Magi.
It opens with a group of blood mages gathered around a Dragon. The one eyed leader of this group, Brother Frenic, restrains the Dragon and proceeds to use their staff to plunge in to the Dragon, draining the beast's blood like a syringe. The goal of these men in black robes is to feed the blood to a young elf girl Avexis they have taken prisoner. They succeed.
Cassandra and a group of Templars they are paired with, then show up and violently attack the group. Cassandra seems to be a bit of a loose cannon. Byron, the eldest of the Templars, assumes the role of mentor and tries to cool them down before the battle but their words seem to fall on deaf ears. Predictably, they snap and kills a good number of Blood Mages in gruesome fashion.
Frenic is forced to escape by using their magic to transform in to a crow and the Templars are left with a ticked off Dragon to deal with. Byron proceeds to distract the beast as Cassandra jumps behind it and stabs their sword through the top of the monster's skull.
The moment is won and the girl is brought to cells of the Andrastian Chantry. The Circle of Magi make claims to protect her, but the templars refuse. A stalemate is reached as the politics surrounding their capture are argued, the reasons surrounding this girl is revealed.  They are able to control wild beasts. The High Seeker views this ability as a great threat to everyone.
After the meeting we get to a chance to see why Cassandra has so much rage. At a younger point in their life, they bore witness to a young man who was chased down and beheaded in front of them The man's relation to them was not revealed, but they were close.
Them troubled dream awakens them and they go exploring through the castle. Upon reaching the cells, they find a number of unconscious knights and Byron with the elven child over their shoulder. Not understanding what's going on, they follow them in an attempt to get the truth behind this traitorous act.
The three escape to the woods where a group of Blood Mages swoop down and attack. This is where our preview ended.
Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker is a gorgeous bit of CG work. The animations in the characters are fantastic as battle sequences pay off with solid movements and lots of dynamic action moments. There is still the prevalent issue with the CG work that affects all animation of this style. Their is a noticeable dip in quality in animation from scene to scene.
Main characters look fantastic, no doubt about that. When it comes to ancillary characters however, they all use the same bland models. Templar knight A is the exact same as B, C, D, and E. Backgrounds range for very well done to boring. It's unfortunate that there doesn't seem to be as much of a payoff in every other element as there was in the lead characters. At the highest of the highs, it's excellent. Yet, there are bland assets that are used to fill everything else in.
The voice acting was top notch as to be expected of Funimation. There wasn't any cringe worthy moments or noticeable lack of quality in talent from what I heard. All the roles seemed to fit and the characters worked well in ensemble with each other.
The story does seem to be a bit bland for me personally. Cassandra is the troubled youth a bit too good at what they do for someone so out of control. Byron is the father figure whose true mission will be finished by the one person they didn't want to get involved. There is a shadowy figure that Frenic answers to that will be a persistent thorn in Cassandra's mission. The trailers reveal that at some point a young man will join Cassandra's quest.
It is fairly obvious where this is all going.
Fortunately, the strength of the action will carry most of you through the movie. It's fun to watch. I don't think it will be as brilliant or as deep as many of the things Bioware is capable, but that can throw a few people off. This is a high action film with lots of great choreography and should be approached as such.
Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker will release on May 29th.
At Jaycon Systems, we love working on hands-on projects, from hardware prototyping and CNC machining to 3D printing and resin casting. These technologies and techniques allow us to quickly prototype so we can identify any design flaws before moving on to a more expensive method of prototyping. The beauty of techniques like resin casting is that we are able to duplicate prototypes quickly and inexpensively. All we need is some patience throughout the process. In this tutorial, we will teach you how to duplicate a plastic part; whatever your reasons are to duplicate it, we hope you find this useful!
Do you ever need spare plastic parts, or need to replace a broken or worn part, such as a plastic cap or a door bell switch? Do you ever want to make multiples of a favorite model, like model car parts, or change something from a foam/clay design to a plastic component? These can all be done by resin casting, which is to make a mold of the desired item and then pour plastic resin into that mold.
While it's easier to write about, it's actually a little more time-consuming in real life and there are many steps to the process. The desired item must be prepared for the mold, the mold and the resin for the part must be poured, and the final part must be cleaned for best results.
The following are the items that are needed to produce a plastic piece:
Man sues city, CYF over rape charges
A 43-year-old Hill District man filed a federal lawsuit Thursday accusing the city of Pittsburgh and employees of Allegheny County Children Youth and Families of jumping the gun and ignoring exculpatory evidence when their communications led to the filing of rape charges against them two years ago.
John E. Anderson Sr. was in the process of a bitter divorce, they said in their complaint, in which they and their ex-wife, Nicho Bolden-Anderson, were battling over custody of their son and a daughter they had from a former relationship.
At one point, according to Mr. Anderson's complaint, Ms. Bolden-Anderson accused Mr. Anderson of assaulting the daughter. An initial Children, Youth and Families investigation, according to the complaint, found the accusations "unfounded." They resolved the custody fight by agreeing to place the son with the father, and the daughter with the mother.
However, Ms. Bolden-Anderson made new allegations that Mr. Anderson had sexually abused the daughter. CYF employees reported that charge to the Pittsburgh police.
Mr. Anderson, in their complaint, said that the accusation should have been discounted because a 2000 accident rendered them unable to perform the alleged sexual acts. It also said that investigators should have recognized that the accusations came in the context of a bitter custody dispute in which other charges had proved unfounded.
They are, nonetheless, criminally charged with rape, indecent sexual assualt of someone under 16, and statutory rape. They were arrested and posted bond. The charges were dropped in January of this year.
The complaint by Downtown attorney Peter H. Kurzweg said that the city, CYF, Ms. Bolden-Anderson and the daughter combined to violate Mr. Anderson's rights through unreasonable searches and seizures, false arrest, malicious prosecution and false imprisonment.
A CYF spokesperson had no immediate comment. The city's solicitor, Mr. Kurzweg, Mr. Anderson and Ms. Bolden-Anderson could not be immediately reached.
First published on April 22, 2011 at 9:53 am
UPD: It was a ton of really heated discussions around this post. I want to emphasize: the text below is NOT a critique of MiniTest. It investigates difference of approaches to Ruby programming: “geniune Ruby” approach versus “Rails” approach. MiniTest vs RSpec is an illustration, not the body of this reasoning. Please, make your best to read it this way.
MiniTest recently have gained a lot of love and respect from Ruby community, as a “less magical” alternative to RSpec (which is, apparently, “too complicated” for nowadays rubyists). The one quote proudly cited on each MiniTest release email, and in its README, is
rspec is a testing DSL. minitest is ruby. (Adam Hawkins, “Bow Before MiniTest”)
(And the next slide explicitly says: “RSpec: less code & more magic; MiniTest: more code & less magic”.)
Let's study this statement to understand what is good Ruby and what is Ruby way—and how it is different from Rails way.
Ways we solve tasks
Let's forget for a moment about testing frameworks and their features and just solve the task from scratch:
We want to define “tests”. Each of them is set of ruby commands + phrase describing them. After definition, each of them would be performed, and descriptions used to print output.
For Rubyist accustomed to write idiomatic Ruby code, these requirements naturally lead to some mini-DSL:
define_test "This is the phase describing test" do # test's code itself end
This is exactly what RSpec does: solves the task in most unambiguous, idiomatic and readable way possible:
it "performs some set of really complex actions" do # test's code end
When you see it, you can immediatly have a good guess of what it does and how it is implemented, and you'll be pretty close to reality.
But then, somebody comes and says “DSL's are bad! It is like language inside language you need to study. It is Unholy Black Magic!” And comes with “pure-Ruby, no DSL” solution:
def test_performs_some_set_of_really_complex_actions # test's code end
Or is it? Don't you see DSL here too? But it is here. Let me show you. Slowly.
def test_performs_some_set_of_really_complex_actions it "performs some set of really complex actions" # ^ | ^ # 1 | 2
In both cases, you can't write anything else instead of (1)—so, it is part of “test framework language”. And (2) is description you provide, it can be anything, it is a parameter.
So, what is the difference?
RSpec uses Ruby language structures to designate parts of “test definition language”, which helps to write, read and validate code. Try writing ti "performs something" and you'll be stopped early by interpreter, even before tests would run. Want to write test which would be described like "checks 1:N validation (or similar)" ? You just write it.
MiniTest pretends to be “just Ruby, nothing new!”, but it is the same DSL, just the fact is hidden from your eyes—with some really bad consequences. Try writing tset_peforms_something , it is still absolutely “valid” code, just the test would be ignored silently. Try to describe your test with a string that includes any symbol not allowed for method name, and you are screwed.
(For everyone yelling “but we have MiniSpec” at this moment—please, refer to discussion of this fact.)
Parting the ways
This, really simplistic, example, allows defining some important differences between two ways of writing in Ruby: let's schematically call them “Ruby way” and “Rails way”:
“Ruby way” is relying on all language features and embracing them; as Matz said, “it is complex language for writing simple code”, you should understand Ruby to read and understand RSpec;
“Rails way” is using Ruby features underwater, while allowing developer to believe “he just writes classes and methods, and everything works”;
For making code clean, simple, and readable, “Ruby way” assumes library defines clever combinable atoms you can use in your code;
…while “Rails way” assumes library injects some new convention your code should confirm to (convention over configuration, you know?.. which, in fact, says, if you want to achieve something, you write kinda “independent” code, it should “just follow the convention”);
“Ruby way” praises method-with-block argument as one of the most powerful syntax constructs, it is one of the most basic code-as-data constructs (yet, I can confirm as a Ruby mentor, hard for newcomers);
“Rails way” neglects method-as-block argument approach, it is “magic” and “not generic enough”, I suppose? So, even when Railist really needs to pass arbitrary logic to method, they prefer to “go JavaScript”: scope :starts_after , -> ( date ) { where ( 'start_date > ?' , date ) } # this is SO MUCH BETTER RAILS CODE THAN BELOW, RIGHT? RIGHT? scope ( :starts_after ){ | date | where ( 'start_date > ?' , date ) }
On definition of “magic”
Ruby and Rails share the same part of bad reputation of “too much magic”, but recently this question (what is “magic”, and what amount of it, whatever it is, is “too much”) became the concern not only outside the community, but also inside. “MiniTest vs RSpec” debate can be seen as a part “right amount of magic” debate too.
Most of the recent in-community definitions of “too much magic” seem to focus on neglecting and disgusting natural block-based DSLs, while praising “just plain object and methods” approach.
Yet, what is “magic”, seriously? Magic is unexpected consequences of simple actions. You say “Avada Kedavra” while doing some gesture with a wooden stick, and Sirius Black dies—that's magic. But if you pull a trigger, trigger causes chemical reaction, which pushes out the bullet, and then Sirius Black dies—it is not the magic, it is engineering, despite the fact how “magical” it seems for unsuspecting barbarian.
So, let's use the same simplistic yet real example:
it "is engineering, seriously" do expect ( trigger . pull ). to eq ( "fire" ) end
What and where is here?.. it(description) { ... } is testing construction, which is simple and readable: method, accepting a string and a block; probably it adds test to internal list of tests to do (yep, it does).
expect(whatever).to probably wraps value into something that is easy to test with other tests (exactly what it does). And eq produces some object/matcher?..
I'd suppose it is something defining === generic test method + some additional services to output pretty strings when test is failed? (correct)
Now, let's go to that “just plain Ruby, no DSL” thing:
def test_if_it_is_engineering assert_equal trigger . pull , "fire" end
What do you think when you see a method named this way?.. It is just a method definition.
Ah! If you are inside MiniTest context, there is a magic convention for this kind of method to have a special meaning (because it starts with test_ , you can't guess from code itself it is so special, PURE MAGIC).
Then, this asserts_equal thing… It is not THAT worse than expect().to eq , I just never able to properly remember what is “expected” and what is “actual” part of those two arguments… But yeah, cool, there is “no magic!”. Unless you want to define your own assertion/matcher with pretty messages, which could lead you to real Narnia in MiniTest case.
You can't beat them, you lead them
When MiniTest founds itself significantly less expressive than RSpec, it introduces “minitest/spec”, which looks exactly like RSpec, but is better somehow. How?.. Ah, it is still “good clean less-magic MiniTest!” And it is less magic how exactly?..
Let's investigate how the overall structure works
class Foo end # that's rspec describe Foo do p [ self , self . name ] # => [RSpec::ExampleGroups::Foo, "RSpec::ExampleGroups::Foo"] # it is just a class, with pretty explainable name end # and that's minitest/spec describe Foo do p [ self , self . name ] # => [#<Class:0x991a31c>, "Foo"] # ok, guessing by name, it is original Foo class that all tests are injected are?.. p self == Foo # => false # nope. # phew, what kind of world is it?.. p self . method ( :name ). source_location # => ["/media/storage/home/zverok/.rvm/gems/ruby-2.2.4/gems/minitest-5.9.1/lib/minitest/spec.rb", 272] # Ah, ok. It is just your usual "just plain Ruby, no magic" thing, that # pretends current class is named the way it is NOT named in fact. end
Here, I've managed to formulate MiniTest/spec motto for you:
We don't always DSL, but when we do, it is magic!
Let's look at matchers, probably?..
# RSpec, 2016 expect ( page ). to have_content ( "bar" ) # -> no pollution of tested class, just a DSL of "expect + matcher" # `expect().to` part is default; `have_content` is matcher's name, # in any "how to create matcher" guide you know how it is defined # MiniTest/Spec, 2016 page . must_have_content 'bar' # -> looks familiar, right? really like RSpec 2+, which polluted everything # with its methods... and was retired 2.5 years ago
Whoops…
The answer is simple: “Rails way” (which MiniTest closely follows) is “let's not be replaced with superceding technology, let's imitate it while stating we are superior”. While this imitation can't follow the original too close, MiniTest's imitation of RSpec feature will always be in “chasing the leader” state.
And, truth to be told, minitest also recommends this Really Cool Replacement, Minitest::MatchersVaccine, the name is explained as “Adds matcher support to minitest without all the other RSpec-style expectation infections.” This gem last updated May 31, 2016… you know, only 2 years after RSpec 3 introduced and promoted non-“infecting” matchers… which was three monthes before “MatchersVaccine” project have ever started.
Yet “MatchersVaccine” fights, somehow, not with “MiniTest implementation of matchers”, but with “RSpec approach to matchers”, which does NOT even here currently; but it is easier to fight dehumanized “enemy” (Bad RSpec Guys) than friends (Those MiniTest Guys, who intorduced their faulty matchers).
That's just Rails way
One of MiniTest-praise definitive article you can easily google around, states, alongside other things, as a separate important section:
7. Deviating from Rails defaults doesn't always provide value
Yeah, that's the (Ruby) world we are living in: “what is good enough for Rails, should be good enough for Ruby”. But, in fact, this is just plain wrong.
There are two separate ways, and the fact that Rails are written in Ruby, is, to be honest, unfortunate incident. Ruby still can and should praise Rails for its current popularity, but the ways just are and should be different.
The Dodgers' great manager Tommy Lasorda believed that leadership was like holding a dove: “You hold it too tightly, you kill it; you hold it too lightly, you lose it.”
Donald Trump also has a theory of leadership: Be more like Vladimir Putin.
At NBC's Commander-in-Chief Forum, The Donald offered up their latest love letter to Vlad, declaring that he's “been a leader far more than our president [Obama] has been,” praising their “great control over their country” and their totally organic 82 percent approval rating.
This, of course, is odd behavior from the nominee of the historically hawkish, anti-communist Cold Warrior party. But we've become accustomed to inanity and insanity this campaign. So it wasn't a total surprise when Trump's hostage/VP nominee Mike Pence doubled down on The Donald's defense of Putin, telling CNN “I think it's inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in their country than Barack Obama has been in this country.”
Given that this duo hopes to lead our country, it's worth digging a bit deeper into just what they mean by leadership. The unfavorable contrast between President Obama and Vladimir Putin has been a recurring riff on the far right in recent years. In 2014, Sarah Palin offered up one of their classic nut-burgers in praise of Putin: “People are looking at Putin as one who wrestles bears and drills for oil. They look at our president as one who wears mom jeans and equivocates and bloviates.” Paleo-con Pat Buchanan was barely more coherent when they declared: “[Putin] is seeking to redefine the ‘Us vs. Them' world conflict of the future as one in which conservatives, traditionalists, and nationalists of all continents and countries stand up against the cultural and ideological imperialism of what they see as a decadent West.”
It seems safe to assume that Donald Trump's attraction to Putin isn't ideological. Nothing they do is ideological as much as instinctive and opportunistic. It's about something much more basic: Some people confuse strong leadership with tough-guy thuggery. There have always been people in this world who get weak-kneed at the first whiff of authoritarianism. They think that the bullying bluster of self-styled strongmen makes them great leaders. They mistake heat for light.
The Founding Fathers warned about the danger of this “strongman” school of leadership since the earliest days of our democracy. Alexander Hamilton cautioned, “There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especially, the clamors of interested and factious men are often mistaken for patriotism.”
“Noise and impudence” is certainly one way to describe The Donald's campaign style. Its nationalist, know-nothing appeal is emotional. Especially in times when people feel out of control—for example, when the forces of globalization are shaking every old tribal certainty—some folks gravitate to the guy who is strong and wrong. They are soothed by tough-guy theatrics that divide the world into us against them. They take comfort in the bully because they believe he's got their back. Of course, bullies are scared and self-interested creatures themselves and they have no friendships, only interests.
John Adams argued, “without the great political virtues of humility, patience, and moderation… every man in power becomes a ravenous beast of prey.” But humility, patience, and moderation are emotionally unsatisfying for people who need to feel the overwhelming force of power to believe its real.
Governing often requires dealing in gray areas, principled compromises that achieve a greater good. Particularly in geopolitics, it requires a balance between hard power and soft power. From Ike to George H.W. Bush to Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, this wisdom is sometimes mistaken for weakness.
Extremists prefer the “ravenous beast of prey” approach. In a frightening world, thugs believe that raw power is the only way to get respect and terror is a tactic to that end. Putin learned it from the KGB. Trump learned it, at least in part, from their McCarthyite mob lawyer Roy Cohn: “Always attack, never apologize.”
In this world of dark animal spirits, it's no surprise that Trump is so charmed by Putin, expressing schoolboy delight in being called “brilliant” by the Crimea-annexing, journalist-killing, democracy-manipulating, would-be dictator.  They are a fellow traveler, an egotist who respects strength more than ethics and believes that the end justifies the means.
Because the thug theory of leadership is built on fear masked by playing offense, its foundation is unstable and inevitably breaks down. Sometimes this comes in the form of buffoonish corruption or the kind of hysterical self-regard that leads to bare-chested, bear-wrestling photo ops.
In Candidate Trump's case, the cracks are already showing. Their argument for the presidency boils down to the idea that because they seem like a successful business person, he'll be a great president. But in the extended audition that is a campaign, Trump's executive mantra about hiring great people has been fatally undercut by the perpetually chaotic state of their operation, impulsively replacing campaign managers in late-night palace coups and replacing them with hyperpartisan Svengalis and conspiracy entrepreneurs with no campaign experience. So much for hiring great people. So much for achieving great results.
Of course, every strongman has their sycophants. Some are true believers and others are just opportunists. But a thousand surrogates doing their best Baghdad Bob impersonations, desperately spinning a disaster and defending the indefensible, can't erase the stain of this campaign.
Comparing an American president unfavorably to a Russian autocrat is only a symptom. The real sickness lies at the heart of the thug theory of leadership: If you believe that most people are motivated by fear, rather than hope, it causes you to have contempt for democracy—and that can be contagious.
Brady & Grey chat about: the world chess championship, Norwegian banknotes, Brady does antique through twitter, behavior control and Santa, Brady's level of fame, a bird comes back to grey, the new elements, ugly YouTube ads, and consumable synthetic muscle tissue.
Brought to You By
Away: thoughtful travel luggage for modern travel. Use code HI for $20 off
Harry's: Quality Men's Shaving Products. Promocode HI for $5 off your first purchase
Audible: get a free 30-day trial by signing up at audible.com/hellointernet
Squarespace: Use code HI for 10% off your website
Listeners like YOU on Patreon
Show Notes
Discuss this episode on the reddit
World Chess Championship 2016
The Eternal Match
"World's most beautiful banknotes"
“Hello Internet: “World's Most Interesting Podcast” - 2016”
Miss Haran case
Help Brady find antiques
The Elf on the Shelf - Wikipedia
Four new elements — Brady Haran
The Rules for Rulers - YouTube
YouTube advertising formats - YouTube Help
Westworld 1973
Election 2016: Health Australia Party criticised for candidates' 'alternative health beliefs'
Updated
A party promoting natural remedies that has drawn the number one spot on the Senate ballot in NSW has been labelled "dangerously alternative" by a leading medical body.
Royal Australian College of General Practitioners deputy chair Dr Sue Page said the Health Australia Party (HAP) was more accurately reflected by its previous name, the Natural Medicine Party.
Dr Page said some of its candidates held dangerously alternative beliefs about health.
"In Victoria the lead candidate is a homoeopath who describes themselves as being the world authority on homoeopathic immunisation," they said.
"He claims that homoeopathic immunisation can be 90 per cent effective against epidemic infectious diseases.
"Putting it as politely as I can, homoeopathic vaccination is crap."
Dr Page said the party included people from a "natural remedies background" who had a policy manifesto "around homoeopathy, home birthing and what are basically conspiracy theories".
Party founder defends its stance
The party was formed in 2013 by naturopath Andrew Patterson, who also owns and operates an alternative medicine clinic near Coffs Harbour on the NSW north coast.
Mr Patterson said the party's name was changed last year to reflect the broad views of its members.
The party has opposed adding fluoride to public water supplies and has defended the right of people to decline invasive medical procedures with no resultant punitive action.
This has been seen as a response to the 'no jab, no pay' policy designed to encourage vaccination.
"We are obviously interested in natural medicine and its role in the health of the Australian economy, but that's only one of our pillars," Mr Patterson said.
"We have five pillars: healthy people, which is to do with medicine, healthy society, healthy democracy, a healthy environment, and a healthy economy.
Mr Patterson defended their party's support of natural remedies and said pharmaceutical companies weren't interested in the science behind it.
"There's no money to be made ... you can't patent a natural substance," they added.
"So what we tend to get is this usual thing that there is no science behind natural medicine.
"Now that is just completely not true."
Policies are 'dangerous and frankly ignorant'
Professor John Dwyer, from the Australian Health Reform Alliance, said they were worried the party would benefit from the so-called donkey vote due to its favourable position on the Senate voting form.
"I certainly do have concerns about it, especially seeing as they have the number one spot on the New South Wales ballot paper," Professor Dwyer said.
"Even allowing that they're well-intentioned, the policies that they're putting forward are dangerous and frankly ignorant."
Topics: federal-election, government-and-politics, federal-elections, elections, nsw, australia
First posted
Tokyo has rejected Pyongyang's proposed initial report on its reinvestigation into its abductions of Japanese nationals, on the grounds that no fresh information is contained on 12 Japanese nationals officially recognized by Japan as having been abducted to North Korea, a source said Saturday.
Pyongyang said the report would include only information on missing persons who are not on Tokyo's official list, which totals 17 Japanese. Instead, the North's report will only cover cases of Japanese suspected of having been abducted by North Korea but not officially designated as such, of Japanese left behind in North Korea amid the chaos of the end of World War II, and of Japanese spouses of North Koreans who returned to their native country, the source said.
Pyongyang has told Tokyo it is still investigating the fates of the 12 officially listed as having been abducted in the 1970s and 1980s.
But the Japanese government replied that, as it places the highest value on that group, it will not accept the report unless it includes new information on their fates. The other five designated abductees were repatriated in 2002.
North Korea notified Japan earlier this month of the planned content of its initial report on the investigation.
Junichi Ihara, director general of the Asian and Oceanian Affairs Bureau of the Foreign Ministry, secretly held talks with North Korean officials on Sept. 13 and 14 in China to discuss the timing of the submission of the initial report and its content, according to the source. This followed similar informal talks held in late August and early September between the two sides.
The submission of North Korea's first report also will likely be later than the deadline of early fall promised under a bilateral agreement, as Tokyo wants a substantive investigation by Pyongyang, the source said.
Tokyo believes the half-baked proposal by Pyongyang shows it aims to offer information in small increments, each time trying to elicit as many economic benefits as possible from Japan in exchange. During past negotiations, North Korea asked Japan to ease unilateral economic sanctions and sought humanitarian support, such as food, and Pyongyang may have made a similar request during the latest talks, the source said.
The group of 12 official abductees who remain missing includes Megumi Yokota, who was snatched by North Korea at age 13 and has become a symbol of the decades-old issue.
Japan suspects North Korea's involvement in far more disappearances. The Investigation Commission on Missing Japanese Probably Related to North Korea, a Tokyo-based citizens' group, has listed some 470 missing Japanese and believes 77 of them are highly likely to have been abducted by North Korea.
The National Police Agency meanwhile believes North Korea may have been involved in the disappearance of about 880 Japanese nationals.
Secrecy may help protect misbehaving judges Judging the judges
Does secret process let errant jurists get away with breaking the law?
One federal judge got arrested for driving drunk while dressed in drag. Others stood accused of frequenting prostitutes, a strip club and a shady escort service; sexually assaulting female court employees; sucker-punching a stranger; or slapping a spouse.
Federal judges have made illegal campaign contributions, falsified court records, and illegally concealed cash gifts and gambling debts. Many more have engaged in unethical or irresponsible acts, according to an investigation by the Houston Chronicle of more than 3,000 judicial misconduct matters nationwide and analysis of related records over 10 years.
Most get away with it.
Only seven judges in the last decade have faced formal disciplinary action as a result of the nation's secretive misconduct review process. In that same period, citizens filed more than 6,000 formal misconduct complaints, the Chronicle found.
One judge was punished anonymously — shielded from shame by the same peers who voted for discipline.
Just two judges who admitted to breaking laws were recommended for the maximum punishment: impeachment and removal from office.
Most disciplinary reviews remain forever shrouded in secrecy to protect federal judges' privacy and ensure their reputations remain unsullied by scurrilous or absurd allegations from prisoners or disgruntled litigants.
“The federal judiciary takes its ethical responsibilities with the utmost seriousness,” said Chief Judge Anthony Scirica, a spokesperson for the Judicial Conference of the United States in a statement to the Chronicle. “Every misconduct complaint is carefully reviewed and results in a public written order by a judge. Years of experience has shown that the overwhelming majority of misconduct complaints are from (unhappy) litigants. … Yet, when circumstances warrant, Circuit Judicial Councils have not been hesitant to impose a variety of public and private sanctions, as history has demonstrated.”
Other experts argue that disciplinary probes of high-profile or even criminal allegations should be more open for the sake of the public and the judges.
“Any type of misconduct impacts upon the integrity of judges and erodes public confidence in the federal judiciary,” said U.S. Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., who has fought for years to improve judicial accountability.
Appointed for life
The nation's 1,700 full-time federal judges constitute a caste of elite jurists hand-picked for the difficult and sometimes dangerous job of enforcing our nation's laws and protecting our rights.
Appointed for life by U.S. presidents, district and circuit judges can be removed only by acts of Congress. Bankruptcy and magistrate judges serve limited terms but enjoy formidable power over life, liberty and the assets of others.
Yet, when it comes to misconduct reviews, federal judges privately judge themselves. At the pinnacle of the power structure stand chief circuit judges — a dozen men and women who quietly dismiss about 98 percent of the 700 complaints that arrive annually at regional U.S. courthouses scattered from San Francisco to New Orleans to Washington, D.C., the Chronicle found.
In 2006, a Supreme Court-appointed committee, formed in response to congressional complaints, released a report on the secret disciplinary system. The committee, led by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, found supervising judges handled run-of-the-mill matters well, but committed embarrassing errors in controversial cases.
Judges botched five of 17 high-profile reviews, the committee said, describing that “error rate” as “too high” and recommending standardized rules for disciplinary matters. In the aftermath, the Judicial Conference adopted the first national rules on handling complaints against federal judges and, for the first time, all circuit courts made complaint forms available on Web sites, Scirica noted.
Chief judges alone generally decide whether to conduct even a “limited review” — which usually involves reading case documents or sometimes asking a judge to respond. Rarely, those judges form committees to formally investigate — but findings are almost never revealed.
Russell Wheeler, a fellow at the Brookings Institution who helped research the Breyer committee report, told the Chronicle: “If there are credible public allegations that a judge has done something wrong, you ought to show the public you're dealing with it, either to establish the wrongdoing or to clear the name of the judge.”
Former U.S. District Judge Samuel Kent, of Galveston, was convicted of obstruction of justice this year after admitting they lied to judges who in 2007 secretly investigated allegations that they had molested female court employees. In March 2007, their former case manager, Cathy McBroom, filed a formal complaint accusing Kent of repeatedly trying to sexually assault them But the 5th Circuit's judicial council first described the matter only as “sexual harassment” in a September 2007 reprimand.
The 5th Circuit has never released its investigative records. Ultimately, a criminal probe was launched, but only after the Chronicle documented McBroom's allegations and only after McBroom went to the FBI. Kent was subsequently impeached and imprisoned.
Other documents show Kent had drawn complaints about bias and bursts of temper that were quietly and anonymously handled years before theirs admitted alcohol, emotional and judgment problems landed them behind bars.
Even when criminal behavior is uncovered, some investigating judges have decided not to share it with the public or police.
In fact, the Department of Justice's Public Integrity Section, whose prosecutors specialize in rare criminal allegations involving federal judges, has no public record to show whether any case has ever been referred to them as a result of a judicial disciplinary review, DOJ spokesperson Laura Sweeney told the Chronicle.
A case in point
Few cases better illustrate the judges' insistence on secrecy than that of former Colorado Chief District Judge Edward Nottingham.
Records show that Nottingham faced at least seven formal complaints over the years, initially for abuse of power and bias, and later for potential criminal allegations. None resulted in formal disciplinary action or prosecution.
Yet in 2007 and 2008, enough had surfaced about Nottingham to prompt creation of two investigating committees, documents released by the Denver-based 10th Circuit show.
First, they were reported to have run up a $3,000 bar tab at a strip club and claimed they drank too much to remember doing it. A disabled woman alleged he'd threatened them over a handicapped parking spot. Later they were accused of frequenting prostitutes and an escort service, using their government-issued cell phone to make dates with call girls, and cruising porn sites on courthouse computers.
“This conduct, whether alleged or admitted, has brought disrepute to the judiciary. To contend otherwise is to declare that, ‘The King Can do No Wrong,' ” one of four complaints said.
The two committees submitted a secret report to the 10th Circuit judicial council on Oct. 8, 2008.
Two days later, a self-described prostitute filed another complaint, claiming Nottingham coached them “to lie to federal investigators” about having paid their “in exchange for sex.”
Abruptly, Nottingham resigned. They said their decision was “in the public interest and the interest of the federal judiciary.”
The misconduct complaints were dismissed as moot. The disciplinary system does not apply to ex-judges, and its findings and recommendations were never released to the public.
Nottingham, now an attorney in Colorado, did not respond to a request for comment.
“This is a democracy. People ought to know what public officials are doing — even those who have life tenure,” said Steven Lubet, a law professor at Northwestern University. “The public would be better served if the circuit councils and the chief judges provided more and better information.”
Most federal judicial misconduct complaints deserve dismissal. Unreadable rants regularly arrive from litigants or prisoners who misuse the process or fling outrageous claims.
Some involve alleged or perceived criminal behavior outside the courtroom — matters supervising judges are often reluctant to investigate.
In one complaint, U.S. Magistrate Judge Lisa M. Smith, assigned to the Southern District of New York, stood accused of encouraging their nephew to cover up knowledge of a summer night's attack on teenage skinny-dipping girls — and hitting a distraught mother who questioned Smith about it, records show.
Smith was approached at a beach campfire by the woman, who swore at the judge and their family, and claimed they were lying to protect others who assaulted their daughters and stole their clothes.
Smith struck the woman and screamed: “You can't call me a (expletive) liar — I'm a U.S. magistrate judge,” a related civil lawsuit alleged.
The judge later denied she'd intentionally hit anyone, records show. “The plaintiff was screaming and yelling obscenities in front of the judge's children … and there was contact between the plaintiff and the judge, whether intentional or not, we'll never know,” Smith's attorney, Kevin Hulslander, told the Chronicle.
A ‘private dispute'
Judicial misconduct rules say that when facts are reasonably in dispute, a chief circuit judge can form an investigating committee. The chief circuit judge for the New York-based 2nd Circuit alone reviewed the complaint and dismissed it in 2007 as a “private dispute between private citizens, one of whom happens to be a judge.” They did not name the judge.
Their order concluded that alleged illegal behavior should not automatically be classified as judicial misconduct, even if it involved a crime: “Categorization of an offense under state law is not a sufficient basis for a finding of misconduct,” wrote Dennis Jacobs, chief judge of the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals.
In December 2008, a civil jury found Smith had committed battery, but awarded no damages.
In February 2009, a New York City bankruptcy judge, known for presiding over the breakup of Lehman Brothers, allegedly slapped their wife, who phoned 911, records show. U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck was arrested, and their wife was taken to a hospital. But charges were dropped after they decided not to cooperate. The judge's attorney described it as a “private matter” and got the record sealed. Peck's attorney did not respond to requests for comment.
The New York 2nd Circuit's chief judge did no public review of the matter.
In February 2008, Boston-based U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Robert Somma, wearing a cocktail dress, was arrested after crashing their Mercedes-Benz into a pickup in New Hampshire. Somma later was convicted of drunken driving and, after taking six weeks of paid leave, resigned.
The judge did not respond to requests for comment.
It's unknown whether there was any formal disciplinary review.
Susan Goldberg, deputy circuit executive, told the Chronicle: “Information pertaining to the referenced matter is confidential.”
Sarah Hinman Ryan of the Albany Times Union contributed to this report.
lise.olsen@chron.com
BROCKVILLE, Ont. — A 22-year-old Ontario man who ran over and killed a skateboarding teen with their truck, then moved the body to a skate park to make it look like a skateboarding accident, was sentenced Monday to two years less a day in jail.
Judge Kevin Phillips called Rusty Pearce's decision that night on Sept. 1 “morally reprehensible.”
Friend Joseph Greer, 24, who was part of the conspiracy to move the boy's body, was sentenced to 15 months in jail.
Pearce and Greer were partying together in the early morning hours when Pearce, driving an intoxicated Greer back to a party, ran over 16-year-old Aaron Stevenson, skateboarding home in Brockville, Ont.
Shaken, the pair continued to the party with Stevenson's body in the cab of the truck, where it landed after impact. There, the men came up with a plan: Drive Stevenson's body to an old skate park in town to make it look like a skateboarding mishap.
Pearce stayed behind with the body to phone 911 at 1:35 a.m., telling the operator they found a body while walking home.
“He's, like, on the side of the road. I don't know if they were drinking and passed out. I can't look at that body,” Pearce said in the 911 call that was played for the court.
“I don't really know what to do, ma'am.”
Neighbours, however, watched the scene unfold, and police soon learned a different story.
The pair later admitted to their crimes.
“This is a very sad case,” Phillips said before rendering the sentence in front of a courtroom packed with Stevenson's family and friends.
Stevenson's parents don't think the sentence will serve as a deterrent.
“It's incredibly crazy. It just tells people, if you're drinking and you hit somebody, run. Because you're going to get off,” father Willy Stevenson said.
Samsung and AT&T this morning announced the carrier's first LTE smartphones -- the Android 2.3.5-powered Galaxy S II Skyrocket and HTC Vivid.
In addition to sporting Gingerbread (and we'd fully expect it to get an update to Ice Cream Sandwich next year), the Skyrocket has a 4.5-inch Super AMOLED Plus display at 480x800 reolution, a 1.5GHz dual-core processor, an 8MP rear-facing camer with LED flash, 2MP front-facing camera, 1080p video recording, 16GB of on-board stoarge, and a microSD card slot.
It'll be available Nov. 6 for $249.99 with a two-year contract.
The HTC Vivid is rocking a 4.5-inch qHD display at 540x960. It's got a 1.2 GHz processor, 8MP rear camera with 1080p video recording, 16GB of on-board storage and a microSD card slot. It'll be available for $199 on contract.
AT&T's LTE network is in its infancy, having gone live in just five cities so far -- Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Houston and San Antonio. But with the launch of the Skyrocket, AT&T's expanding its LTE markets to Boston; Washington, D.C.; Baltimore and Athens, Ga.
AT&T's got two data plans from which to choose: 200MB for $15 a month (an additional 200MB costs another $15), or 2GB for $25 a month, with a extra 1GB costing another $10. You can add 4GB of mobile hotspot data for an addition $45 a month.
Source: AT&T
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
The nation's costliest natural disaster of the year — the drought across the South that's already cost the USA $10 billion — appears to be expanding its reach.
The dry conditions have spread now into parts of the Southeast and Midwest, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor, a federal website that tracks drought across the country.
More than 33% of the USA (excluding Alaska and Hawaii) is now in a drought, the nation's highest percentage in almost four years. "This is the most drought for the contiguous U.S. since Jan. 22, 2008," reports Brian Fuchs, a climatologist at the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Neb.
Fuchs says drought now extends all the way from western Arizona to central North Carolina, a distance of more than 2,000 miles. From north to south in the central USA, the drought reaches from southern Minnesota to South Texas.
While Fuchs says some slight improvement has occurred the past few weeks in Texas and Oklahoma due to recent rainfall, little relief is in sight for the winter.
"In a broad area across the Southeast and along the southern tier of states, drought is forecast to persist and expand" over the next three months, the Climate Prediction Center announced last week.
The expected southern dryness is due mainly to the La Niña climate pattern, a periodic cooling of central Pacific Ocean water. During La Niña winters, the jet streams tend to push storms over the northern U.S. and away from the South.
Thursday, the climate center reported that "a majority of the models now predict La Niña to continue through the Northern Hemisphere winter."
Even with all the weather catastrophes the USA has endured this year, including blizzards, floods, tornadoes and hurricanes, the drought has been by far the costliest: So far in 2011, the National Climatic Data Center reports that the "total direct losses to agriculture, cattle and structures are over $10 billion; both direct and total economic losses will rise as the event continues."
Pecans, for example, might be more expensive this Thanksgiving due to the drought, which has hurt the southern crop: "I've been farming for 60 or more years, and this is the driest I've ever seen," said Ben Littlepage, a pecan grower in the central Louisiana town of Colfax., said this week. "The bayous are completely dry."
In Atlanta, rainfall is about 10 inches below average so far this year, Weather Channel meteorologist Tom Moore says.
They say that Lake Lanier, the reservoir that supplies water to Atlanta, has dropped by 12 feet since May.
"If we get another dry winter, we'll be in trouble with that lake next year," Moore says.
