I have never been an “either/ or” type of person. Particularly when it comes to the music I want to listen to. While I love reading critics and artists detail the promise and allure of a single desert island disc, I would be hard-pressed to settle on one compilation of songs.
As no man is themselves an island, the notion of being left alone with 12 tracks for one's remaining days seems a cruel and unusual punishment. Which is why I am happy to say that I have mercifully been asked to list 20 albums that I think essential for any gentleman's collection.
The criteria for an essential record collection is pretty clear: albums you cannot live without, or wouldn't want to live without. Recordings that mainline emotion and stand the test of the temporal. For me, the records below mark a passage through time, and connect me with significant moments and sentiments. They connect me with people I may have shared these songs with. And yet there is a solitary impetus to most of these choices. I have spent many days and nights alone with these records and they have abided. They connect me with who I was and how I felt when I first heard them.
There are undoubtedly some big records and artists missing from this list. Mr Lou Reed, REM, Mr Marvin Gaye, Mr Steve Earle, Uncle Tupelo, Ms Donna Summer, Mr Bobby Womack, Hüsker Dü, Blondie, Hot Tuna, Mr Bo Diddley, The Jam, Mr Loudon Wainwright, Mr Ike and Ms Tina Turner, the Beastie Boys. Records that provide countless moments of joy, solace and companionship. I leave it to you to mark my glaring omissions, but trust that each of these selections are worth your time and will reward you for your investment and contemplation.
If you are in a hurry – and would like to savour the insightful commentary later – you may skip to MR PORTER's classic playlist here.
Ms. Mutlaq was no exception: their older brother had already taken the same path, detonating a suicide vest on June 10 during a shootout with Iraqi government forces.
“If there's one single trend that I see, it's the women's relationship with the male figures that were members of A.Q.I. and were captured or killed,” said a senior military analyst, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing information that had not been released publicly.
The subordinate role of women in conservative, rural Sunni families in Diyala makes them particularly vulnerable to pressure, said Sajar Qaduri, a member of the Diyala Provincial Council and the only woman on its security committee.
“Although they are bombing themselves and aiming to kill people, I feel these women are really victims of terrorism,” said Mrs. Qaduri, who is a Shiite and whose husband was kidnapped two years ago and has not been heard from since. “Only women in despair, in desperate situations, would do this. Dealing with such a phenomenon is not easy.”
They added: “Our Oriental society is not like your Western society. It seems in many of these cases the women have had their husband killed or sent to prison and they feel they have no choice, they are very depressed.”
Female suicide bombers are not a new phenomenon in Iraq or elsewhere, but they have been relatively rare. Since 2003, 43 women have carried out suicide bombings in Iraq, a tiny percentage of the total, according to the United States military. Though the first two cases came in the first year of the war, suicide attacks by women did not really become a trend until 2007, when there were eight such bombings in Iraq. All but one of the female bombers have been Iraqis and most are young, between the ages of 15 and 35, according to the police and American military analysts. Almost all the attacks have been attributed to Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, which is also known as Al Qaeda in Iraq.
Diyala has been a stronghold for the group since it was chased from Anbar Province in the west in 2004. The province's attraction was clear: it offers easy hiding places in its palm groves and orchards, and a Sunni-majority population that includes many people who supported Saddam Hussein and are sympathetic to the insurgency.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But in the past year, American and Iraqi forces have had much greater success in killing and detaining the group's members in the province, as well as thwarting many of its bigger attack plots. The rise in female suicide bombings has directly coincided with the timing, and the locations, of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia's biggest loss of manpower in Diyala, Baghdad and Anbar.
“Al Qaeda is always innovating: finding new ways to work,” said Ghanem al-Khoreishi, the police chief of Diyala. “When we destroyed them in fighting, they started to use new methods. And because they knew that women are treated more gently than men, they began to use them.
“The people don't search them so well even at checkpoints.”
Interviews with police officers and politicians, American military analysts and Iraqi women yield different views of the phenomenon. But many agree that the province's traditional, conservative and still largely rural society is a factor.
In Diyala's countryside, most women cannot imagine the world beyond the date palms they see on the horizon. It might be an hourlong walk to the next village, there are no telephones, and cellphones often do not work. Most of the women cannot read.
Photo
“Most of the women who have killed themselves are from the villages,” said Maj. Gen. Abdul Karim al-Rubaie, the head of the Iraqi Army operations center in Diyala. “She is living a very traditional life. They have no rights.”
“For that reason,” they added, “her ideas are very small.”
During Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia's big push to take over Diyala villages, starting in late 2004, many families yielded to the extremists to protect themselves. Wide networks of villages that support Al Qaeda were created when subtribes, and sometimes even whole tribes, embraced the movement.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“In these families, they are terrorists: the conversations at dinner are about suicide bombs, about explosives, about improvised explosive devices,” said Col. Ali Ismari Fateh, a police commander who has been involved in hundreds of interrogations of people suspected of being insurgents.
Mrs. Qaduri, the provincial council member, said they believed that an element of sexual abuse may be involved as well. Many families marry their daughters off to local Qaeda leaders, known as emirs, at age 14 or 15. In some cases the girls are forced into marriage contracts in which they are married to a local emir, but if they die or is captured, they are obligated to marry their successor and if they are captured or killed, that one's successor.
At the same time, Diyala residents and officials say, militants from Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia have worked to instill their radical Islamist vision in the population. Almost immediately after moving in four years ago, they began holding religion classes for men and women.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Even in Baquba, my niece went to some; they were shaken,” said Shamaa Abad al-Kader, the principal of a school for girls in Muqdadiya who also serves on Diyala's provincial council.
“They gathered people in the villages; they brought women into Baquba and gave them lectures on how to behave,” Ms. Kader said. “These Al Qaeda men were going into the schools, into the mosques and they forced people to listen to them. My niece said the man who came to their school had a long beard and a sword with him.”
Insurgent recruiters and religion instructors add promises to the threats, too, assuring people that they will go to paradise if they die fighting for Islam — a sometimes alluring dream for many in their largely poor, uneducated audience, said police officials and politicians in Diyala.
In some cases, it may not just be a matter of co-opting or persuading vulnerable women. In one case in April recounted by Police Chief Khoreishi, a woman came to the station asking for protection; they were being forced to become a suicide bomber and trained to use an explosive belt by two members of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, one of them a close relative. The police now have them in protective custody, and two people suspected of being group members are in detention.
Iraqi police officials also say that a few of the bombings involved women wearing vests that were exploded by remote control, though it is unclear exactly how many because explosions usually destroy telltale design details about the detonators.
“There are two ways a suicide vest can work: there is a button they can push themselves and there is a remote control detonation,” Colonel Fateh said. “They follow them and if they think they are afraid to do it, then they will do it for her.”
Mrs. Qaduri believes that knowing the basic profile of the women who tend to become suicide bombers can inform policing: if a woman has a male family member who kills themselves or is killed in the name of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia or one of its sister organizations, it should be a warning sign that they or other close female relatives are at risk of becoming bombers.
Them dream is to start an intervention program that would take the women out of their homes and put them in shelters where they could not harm themselves or anyone else.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We can predict that such a woman is ready to be used as a suicide bomber,” they said. “But at the same time, we don't have any concrete proof that we can use to detain these women.”
Ms. Mutlaq's life and death track the profile described by Mrs. Qaduri and others.
A native of the rural area south of Buhriz in southern Diyala, about 40 minutes northeast of Baghdad, they grew up in a landscape of date palms and orange orchards fed by irrigation canals.
Them tribe aligned itself early on with Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, and their brother and husband became influential emirs, officials said. Buhriz was one of the most violent areas of Diyala in 2005 and 2006, with periods when there were nearly weekly bombings.
Last June, their husband was killed while fighting in Baquba, the province's capital, around the time that the American offensive in the city began, according to Baquba police officials. Almost exactly a year after that, their brother detonated their suicide vest during fighting with government forces.
Twelve days later, they walked alone past the barricades.
As security forces continue the sanitisation operations inside the Pathankot air base, the big question is should India continue with peace process with Pakistan? Islamabad's role in Pathankot terror strike has been laid bare. India has handed over ample evidence to the Nawaz Sharif government regarding their country's involvement in the brazen terror attack.
But will PM Sharif take any action on evidence provided by India? The combined inputs of India's intelligence agencies suggest that the Pakistan army is not fully on board with Nawaz Sharif's efforts to forge peace with India.
The Indian political establishment has been informed at the highest levels that the Pathankot attack has been carried out with the full knowledge of the Pakistan army chief General Raheel Sharif.
Almost every Pakistani news website has been carrying the news of Pathankot attack with some of them questioning India's preparedness and its counter-terror abilities.
An article titled - 'India scrambles to solve Pathankot riddle' - in Dawn noted that "the government scrambled to answer uncomfortable questions about how it all came this far."
"The main questions being asked were what did the intelligence agencies know 24 hours before the attack; what did the government do with the specific inputs; and if the intelligence agencies didn't get a firm grip on the facts, why not?" the report further added.
A separate article on Dawn's website said that the Pakistan "government is in touch with the Indian government and is working on the leads provided by it."
"Cooperation with India was in accordance with its commitment to effectively counter and eradicate terrorism," it quoted a statement issued by the Pakistan Foreign Office.
The article noted that the attack in Pathankot and the one on Indian consulate in Afghanistan may impact the upcoming Foreign Secretary-level talks between the two neighbouring nations.
"The fate of the meeting is getting increasingly unclear. The dialogue was in trouble after the Pathankot attack, but the terrorist strike near Indian consulate in Mazar-e-Sharif (Afghanistan) made the prospects look even further bleak," it said.
'India airbase attack threatens Pakistan talks' - the lead story's headline on Nation.com.pk read.
"The Pakistan-India relationship is in a tailspin, what with Modi's landing in Lahore and now the gun battle at Pathankot. The attack will cement the official India position: that it will not talk about another issue until that of terrorism is sorted- Pathankot is another case in point," an opinion piece titled - Two Steps Back - on The Nation said.
"India is mulling its options on whether to go ahead with foreign secretary-level talks with Pakistan scheduled for later this month after militants attacked an Indian Air Force (IAF) base over the weekend," said an article on Daily Times.
Rustam Shah Mohmand, who has served as Pakistan's Ambassador to Afghanistan, in their opinion piece - Attack in Pathankot: Another derailment of relations? - in The Express Tribune said," The long journey to peace and normalisation of relations between India and Pakistan has been incredibly complex and painful.
"In the aftermath of the attack, if Indian authorities come to the conclusion after ascertaining facts that all or some its perpetrators had come from Pakistan or that they had been trained in Pakistan, bilateral relations would receive an irretrievable setback. Distrust would mount and suspicions would deepen," Mohmand highlighted.
Also Read
Pathankot attack Day 4: Shoes used by terrorists nail Pakistan link
Pathankot attack: How security agencies failed to connect the dots
Sharif vs Sharif: Did Pakistan army chief know about Pathankot attack?
Pathankot attack: India shares evidence with Pakistan
Pathankot terror attack: Govt says attempts to catch terrorists alive caused delay in the operation
In 1905, the Oxford University Press published the sixth and final volume of The English Dialect Dictionary, a compilation of local British words and phrases dating from the 18th and 19th centuries. The EDD set out to record all those words used too sparsely and too locally to make the cut in the Oxford English Dictionary, and by 1905, more than 70,000 entries from across the British Isles had been compiled, defined, and explained. The entire enterprise was personally overseen (and, in its early stages at least, partly funded) by Joseph Wright, a self-taught linguist and etymologist who went from attending French and Latin night classes while working in a textiles factory to becoming Professor of Philology at Oxford University. Although Wright published a number of other works during their lifetime, The English Dialect Dictionary is by far their greatest achievement, and is still regarded as one of the finest dictionaries of its type.
The 50 words listed here are all genuine entries taken from Wright's English Dialect Dictionary as well as a number of other equally fantastic local British glossaries, including John Jamieson's Etymological Dictionary of the Scottish Language (1808), Francis Grose's Glossary of Provincial and Local Words Used in England (1839) , and John Ray's Collection of South and East-Country Words (1691). Ranging from the bizarre to the useful, they all would make a brilliant addition to anyone's vocabulary.
1. APTYCOCK: A quick-witted or intelligent young man. (SW England)
2. BANG-A-BONK: It might not look like it, but this is a verb meaning “to sit lazily on a riverbank.” (Gloucestershire)
3. BAUCHLE: A name for an old worn-out shoe, and in particular one that no longer has a heel—although it was also used figuratively to refer to a pointless or useless person. (Ireland)
4. CLIMB-TACK: A cat that likes to walk along high shelves or picture rails is a climb-tack. (Yorkshire)
5. CLOMPH: To walk in shoes that are too large for your feet. (Central England)
6. CRAMBO-CLINK: Also known as crambo-jink, this is a word for poor quality poetry—or, figuratively, a long-winded and ultimately pointless conversation. (Scots)
7. CRINKIE-WINKIE: A groundless misgiving, or a poor reason for not doing something. (Scots)
8. CRUM-A-GRACKLE: Any awkward or difficult situation. (SW England)
9. CRUMPSY: Short-tempered and irritable. Probably a local variation of “grumpy.” (Central England)
10. CUDDLE-ME-BUFF: Why call it beer when you can call it cuddle-me-buff? (Yorkshire)
11. CULF: The loose feathers that come out of a mattress or cushion—and which “adhere to the clothes of any one who has lain upon it,” according to Wright. (Cornwall)
12. CURECKITYCOO: To coo like a dove—or, figuratively, to flirt and canoodle with someone. (Scots)
13. DAUNCY: If someone looks noticeably unwell, then they're dauncy. Originally an Irish and northern English word, this eventually spread into colloquial American English in the 19th century. (Ireland)
14. DOUP-SCUD: Defined by Wright as “a heavy fall on the buttocks.” (NE Scots)
15. EEDLE-DODDLE: A person who shows no initiative in a crisis. Also used as an adjective to mean “negligent,” or “muddle-headed.” (Scots)
16. FAUCHLE: Fumbling things and making mistakes at work because you're so tired? That's fauchling. (Scots)
17. FLENCH: When the weather looks like it's going to improve but it never does, then it's flenched. (Scots)
18. FLOBY-MOBLY: The perfect word for describing the feeling of not being unwell, but still not quite feeling your best. A Scots equivalent was atweesh-an-atween. (Central England)
19. HANSPER: Pain and stiffness felt in the legs after a long walk. (Scots)
20. INISITIJITTY: A worthless, ridiculous-looking person. (Central England)
21. JEDDARTY-JIDDARTY: Also spelled jiggerdy-jaggardy. Either way it means entwined or tangled. (NW England)
22. LENNOCHMORE: A larger-than-average baby. Comes from the Gaelic leanabh mor, meaning “big child.” (Scots)
23. LIMPSEY: Limp and flaccid, often used in reference to someone just before they faint. Originally from the easternmost counties of England, but borrowed into the United States in the 1800s—Walt Whitman and Harriet Beecher Stowe both used it in their writing. (East England)
24. MUNDLE: As a verb, mundle means to do something clumsily, or to be hampered or interrupted while trying to work. As a noun, a mundle is a cake slice or a wooden spatula—"to lick the mundle but burn your tongue" means to do something enjoyable, regardless of the consequences. (Central England)
25. NAWPY: A new pen. (Lincolnshire)
26. NIPPERKIN: A small gulp or draught of a drink, said to be roughly equal to one-eighth of a pint. (SW England)
27. OMPERLODGE: To disagree with or contradict someone. (Bedfordshire)
28. OUTSPECKLE: A laughing stock. (Scots)
29. PADDY-NODDY: A long and tedious story. (Lincolnshire)
30. PARWHOBBLE: To monopolize a conversation. (SW England)
31. PEG-PUFF: Defined as “a young woman with the manners of an old one.” (Northern England)
32. POLRUMPTIOUS: Raucous. Rude. Disruptive. Polrumptious. (Kent)
33. QUAALTAGH: The first person you see after you leave your house. Comes from an old Celtic New Year tradition in which the first person you see or speak to on the morning of January 1, the quaaltagh, was interpreted as a sign of what was to come in the year ahead. (Isle of Man)
34. RAZZLE: To cook something so that the outside of it burns, but the inside of it stays raw. You can also razzle yourself by warming yourself by a fire. (Yorkshire/East England)
35. SHACKBAGGERLY: An adjective describing anything left “in a loose, disorderly manner.” (Lincolnshire)
36. SHIVVINESS: The uncomfortable feeling of wearing new underwear. Shiv is an old word for thick, coarse wool or linen. (Yorkshire)
37. SILLERLESS: Literally “silverless”—or, in other words, completely broke. (Scots)
38. SLITHERUM: A dawdling, slow-moving person. (East England)
39. SLIVING: A thin slice of bread or meat, or a splinter of wood. (Yorkshire)
40. SLOCHET: To walk with your shoes nearly coming off your feet. Or to walk with your shoelaces untied. Or to walk slowly because your shoes are too big. (SW England)
41. SPINKIE-DEN: A woodland clearing full of flowers. (Scots)
42. TEWLY-STOMACHED: On its own, tewly means weak or sickly, or overly sensitive or delicate. Someone who is tewly-stomached has a weak stomach, or a poor constitution. (East England)
43. THALTHAN: Also spelled tholthan, a thalthan is a part-derelict building. (Isle of Man)
44. TITTY-TOIT: To spruce or tidy up. (Yorkshire)
45. UNCHANCY: Sometimes used to mean mischievous or unlucky, but also used to describe something potentially dangerous, or, according to Wright, “not safe to meddle with.” (Northern England)
46. VARGLE: Means either to work in a messy or untidy way, or to perform an unpleasant task. (Scots)
47. VARTIWELL: The little metal loop that the latch of a gate hooks into? That's the vartiwell. According to the OED, it probably takes its name from an old French word for the bottom hinge of a gate, vervelle. (Eastern England)
48. WEATHER-MOUTH: A bright, sunny patch of sky on the horizon flanked by two dense banks of cloud is the weather-mouth. (Scots)
49. YAWMAGORP: A yawm is a yawn, and a gorp is a mouth. So a yawmagorp is a lounger or idler, or someone who seems constantly to be yawning and stretching wearily. (Yorkshire)
50. ZWODDER: The last entry in the English Dialect Dictionary describes “a drowsy, stupid state of body or mind.” It's probably related to another word, swadder, used to mean “to grow weary with drinking.” (SW England)
This article first ran in 2014.
About
UPDATE#25: 29 hours left! TWITCH TV TUESDAY!
UPDATE#23: 4 Days!!
UPDATE#21: WE ARE STEAM GREENLIT!
UPDATE#19: BIG FINAL WEEK! Podcasts and pulling out all the stops!
UPDATE#18: Evolution/Devolution SNEAK PEEK! (Video)
UPDATE#16: GAME TALK LIVE on TWITCH.TV TODAY @ 5PM PDT!
UPDATE#15: Shovel Knight CAMEO! 16-Bit Winner PIXELIZED!
Shovel Knight AND Pip, you dig?
Mirko Maric immortalized!
UPDATE#14: Twitch Tuesday is HERE! (Video)
UPDATE#13: 16-BIT Yourself Winner! REMINDER: Tomorrow Twitch Tuesday with YACHT CLUB!
UPDATE#12: 8-BIT YORUSELF winner and Live Mega May with SHOVEL KNIGHT team: YACHT CLUB!
Our 1000 Backer winner looking FRANtastic!
UPDATE#11: New Gameplay Sketches!
Pip gets rEvolutionary!
UPDATE#10: Super Sneak Peek CAMEO of ALICIA! 1000 Backer Winner ANNOUNCED!
Pip Forth, Alicia!
UPDATE #9: 1000 Backer UPDATE: WILL PICK WINNER RANDOMLY FROM FIRST 1000!!!
UPDATE #8: WHAT!? 1000th Backer Giveaway!!! BACKER ICONS!
UPDATE #7: Twitch Time, NEW Baddies and Games We Love!
Menacing, no?
UPDATE #6: T-Shirt Concepts and Live Stream TUESDAY!
Still time to vote!
UPDATE #5: First Weekend! NEW GAMEPLAY FOOTAGE!
UPDATE #4: TODAY! LIVE Q&A STREAM with the Heart Forth, Alicia team!!
UPDATE #3: THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR AWESOMENESS!!! PIP PIP HUZZAH!! PLUS, FIRST LOOK! Prototype RETRO BOX plus MORE!!!
Mmmm, pixels.
UPDATE #2: WII U OFFICIALLY SUPPORTED!!
UPDATE #1: XBOX ONE NOW MOVING TO SUPPORTED PLATFORMS!!!!
Adventures of Pip is the story of Pip, a single pixel with the power to absorb the pixels of fallen enemies and evolve into a powerful hero! Follow Pip as they stomp, slashes, and dashes towards the Dark Queen on their quest to recover the kingdom's stolen pixels. Enjoy classic side-scrolling gameplay and a unique system of leveling and abilities. We plan on releasing Adventures of Pip on Windows, Mac, and NOW Wii U and XBox One as well! We will also need your help by voting for us on Steam Greenlight! Click here to vote for "Adventures of Pip" When the evil queen of a neighboring land swoops in and steals the kingdom's most precious resource--its pixels--all the villagers, guards, and even nobles are reduced to single-pixel life forms, the lowest rung on the social ladder. With their power sapped and their hopes vanquished, it's up to one unlikely little hero to save the day. That hero is Pip!
Pip must journey through regions far and wide to reach the Dark Queen's stronghold. Through forests, swamps, caves--Pip has to fight through hordes of their demonic army to get closer to the Queen herself! Along the way, they gain experience from the pixels of their fallen enemies, growing into the hero their kingdom needs in the battle against the Dark Queen. But what they find when they finally meet them face-to-face might not be what they were bargaining for...
Adventures of Pip was initially a publisher backed mobile game, but we felt that was selling the concept short. Now we're on our own, with complete creative control and big dreams of PC, Mac, and Wii U releases. We want to build additional environments to explore and baddies to kill (check out the stretch goals)!… But to finish the game, we need the support and funding of people like you!
Any contributions you make will bring us closer to finishing Adventures of Pip. Take a look below to see what we have so far!
ENVIRONMENTS
Explore multiple regions, each with its own set of enemies, obstacles, puzzles, and bosses! Return to camp to recharge; buy armor, weapons, and potions; and talk to locals to learn the latest gossip!
ENEMIES
Each location has different sets of enemies that you have to take down, from tiny to HUGE!
The player takes control of Pip--and the destiny of the entire kingdom!
Explore lush green forests, marshy swamps, and vast, echoing caves on your quest to track down the Dark Queen. Overcome the many enemies and obstacles they have thrown in your path, and learn and grow by collecting pixels (like experience points) from the enemies you have slain. The more pixels you acquire, the more you level up and evolve into a higher-resolution Pip. Evolving grants you some sweet new abilities too--wielding weapons, dash, double jump, powerful combo attacks, and more!
Each environment features a unique set of enemies to take down and new obstacles which can only be overcome with your evolved skills!
We're in love with this game idea! Part homage to classic side-scrolling games such as Castlevania and Metroid, part innovation with a new take on leveling/evolution and gameplay--this game could be the bomb dot com with the proper time & team to make it. That is where you come in, dear reader. If you can contribute to this Kickstarter, we can make Adventures of Pip with the love it deserves!
After more than 15 years in the industry, Shereef Morse decided it was time to start their own company and founded Tic Toc Games. With their development partner, Larry Kirschner, their plan was to make games that captured imagination, told great stories, and most of all were FUN.
SHEREEF MORSE: Shereef had the good fortune of starting their career in games with the good folks at Wayforward. There they had the privilege of producing the first Shantae Color Game Boy. They then went on to work with several companies like Sony, Disney, and Nickelodeon before starting Tic Toc Games! Shereef is overseeing the entire production, cracking the whip and doing their best Bill Cosby or Prince impersonation. We feel that they're pretty spot on.
LARRY KIRSCHNER: Larry is the Chief Technical Officer and a 16 year game industry veteran with over 40 titles shipped on platforms ranging from Online MMOs to iPhone.
MARC GOMEZ: Marc has been the Creative Director at Tic Toc Games for 2 years, making great titles like Pug Run and Panda Pop. Before their run at Tic Toc, they were at Wayforward working as the Art Director of Boy and Their Blob, BloodRayne: Betrayal, and Animation Director on Contra 4. Marc is very familiar with the world of 2D games. This time, Marc takes a seat in the Creative Director chair, leading the team into awesomeness with their enthusiasm and pixel love.
TTG TEAM: We have an awesome team of programmers, artists, producers, level designers, and testers to take this bad boy all the way home! Their credits include Pug Run, Panda Pop, Looney Tunes: Duck Amuck!, Toy Story Mania, Aliens: Infestation, Pirates of the Caribbean 2 and 3, Shantae: Risky's Revenge, Ratchet and Clank: Going Mobile, Double Dragon Neon, Cars, and DuckTales: Remastered.
$5 Kickstarter EXCLUSIVE Wallpaper
Thanks for your support! You will receive a Kickstarter EXCLUSIVE digital wallpaper of Adventures of Pip in various sizes!
$10 Early Adopter [Limit: 2000]
EARLY ADOPTER EDITION! Receive a Kickstarter EXCLUSIVE digital wallpaper and digital copy of the game!
$15 Full Game
DIGITAL COPY OF GAME -- Receive a Kickstarter EXCLUSIVE digital wallpaper and digital copy of the game!
$20 Digital Soundtrack+
DIGITAL SOUNDTRACK -- Get a digital copy of the incomparable Jake 'virt' Kaufman's soundtrack plus a bonus track, EXCLUSIVE to Kickstarter! [includes all previous rewards]
$30 Digital Artbook
DIGITAL ARTBOOK -- Waiting in your inbox will be the shiny digital copy of the artbook for Adventures of Pip, which will include concept art, sketches, story pieces and more for you to look through! [includes all previous rewards]
$45 Name in Credits
BACKER: Your name in the credits (Special Thanks)! [includes all previous rewards]
$60 Beta Access
EARLY BETA ACCESS! Get early access of the game by participating in the Beta testing of Adventures of Pip. Break the game and help us make it stronger, pixel by pixel and get your name in the credits as Beta Tester. [includes all previous rewards, except Special Thanks credits (1 credit/person, sorry;-)]
$80 Physical Soundtrack
PHYSICAL SOUNDTRACK SIGNED BY VIRT! : Receive a physical MUSIC CD containing Jake's in-game soundtrack, PLUS EXCLUSIVE cover artwork! [includes all previous rewards]
$90 EXCLUSIVE Weapon
EXCLUSIVE WEAPON: Enter a code to receive a backer EXCLUSIVE in-game weapon that Pip will wield when they evolve. [includes all previous rewards]
$110 EXCLUSIVE T-Shirt
T-SHIRT TIME! Expand your wardrobe with an EXCLUSIVE t-shirt designed by the team just for Kickstarter supporters. The shirts will come in small, medium, large and XL [includes all previous rewards]
$150 Retro Game Box
PHYSICAL BOX! This includes a collectible classic-style game box for you to put with the rest of your collection. Inside the box will be loaded with pixels! [includes all previous rewards]
$200 Platinum Edition (physical art book)
PLATINUM EDITION! The largest bundle of them all -- this tier includes a physical version of the artbook signed by the team and containing EXCLUSIVE art, the classic-style game box for the digital game, t-shirt, and Virt-signed physical CD! [includes all previous rewards]
$350 Platinum+ Sketch [Limit: 50]
Get a sketch of any Adventure of Pip character from creative director, Marc Gomez! [includes all Platinum Edition rewards]
$500 Platinum+ 8-Bit [Limit: 10]
8-BIT YOURSELF! Get a version of yourself in the game (or as a self portrait). Sure, you may not look like yourself, but you will get to name your character and say your favorite tag line to Pip (subject to Director's approval) when they meet you. [includes all Platinum Edition rewards]
$1000 Platinum+ Design Enemy [Limit: 5]
DESIGN AN ENEMY -- Dive deep within your mind and create an enemy, strong enough to serve in the Dark Queen's army. You will work closely with the design team and be in charge of look, behavior, name and where in the game or story you think it should appear (subject to Director's approval). [includes all Platinum Edition rewards]
$1500 Platinum+ 16-Bit [Limit: 10]
16-BIT YOURSELF! So, being 8-bit wasn't your cup of tea; how about being 16-bit!? Meet Pip as a 16-bit NPC in the game (or receive a self portrait). You will get to name your character and say your favorite tag line to Pip (subject to Director's approval) PLUS guest start in the credits as a "Featured NPC" [includes all Platinum Edition rewards]
$2000 Platinum+ 32-Bit [Limit: 10]
32-BIT YOURSELF! Top of the line 32-bit version of yourself. Appear in the game as a 32-Bit NPC (or receive a self portrait). You will get to name your character and say your favorite tag line to Pip (subject to Director's approval) PLUS guest start in the credits as a "Featured NPC". [includes all Platinum Edition rewards]
$3000 Platinum+ Party, Release [Limit: 5]
PIP PIP HOORAY! Join Tic Toc Games for the Release Party of Adventures of Pip! Receive high fives, hugs, play lots of games as well as be one of the first folks (besides the dev team) to get hands-on experience with the final version of Adventures of Pip. Travel and accommodations not provided [include all Platinum Edition rewards].
The funding doesn't have to stop at $90,000!
Let your friends know about the game! We can use all the support! Look for us on all the fancy social media outlets below if you want updates on what's going on with us or our other games at Tic Toc Games!
Like us on Facebook!
Follow us on Twitter!
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM:A first-of-its-kind survey in Kerala, based on 58,463 households, has found that an alarming 73% of water sources in the state is contaminated. Of the 3,606 water sources including rivers, streams, ponds, lakes and wells covered by the survey, 26.9% were found to be totally polluted.The survey was conducted by Kerala State Literacy Mission Authority and its report ‘status of water resources' was released by chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan here on Sunday. According to the report, houses and hotels are the main sources of pollutants(55.2%) followed by washing of vehicles (20%) and industrial establishments (11%).Hotels were found to be the main source of solid waste contaminating water sources (40%), while lack of protection walls and sand mining topped the list of reasons for water sources getting endangered.As solution, the report recommends strict implementation of existing laws, better coordination between various agencies and special waste management projects.Despite being the land of 44 rivers and a number of lakes, apprehensions are widespread in the state over the fast-depleting safe water sources. Adding to the anxieties, a sample study report on the status of water resources in the state has revealed that 73% of the waterbodies in the state are contaminated.A first-of-its-kind survey by Kerala State Literacy Mission Authority (KSLMA), covering 3,606 water sources including ponds, streams, public wells and portions of rivers and lakes, has found the only 27% of the sampled sources are safe for use. Alarmingly, 26.9% of water bodies are now totally contaminated, while 46.1% of the sources are partially polluted. Though people were found drawing water from a majority of the partially polluted water bodies for bathing cattle, washing vehicles and farming, the shocking information is that many such contaminated water sources are still being used for direct human consumption also, especially in Wayanad district.The survey, conducted as part of KSLMA's environment literacy programme with huge public participation (58,463 houses covered by 25,101 members) has come out with a major document for the Kerala government to take policy decisions and chalk out actions plans, said KSLMA director P S Sreekala. In fact, the report is expected to give the government's ambitious Haritha Keralam Mission a major boost and a fresh perspective based on facts, as pointed out by chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan, who released the report on Sunday.The survey, which looked out for major sources of waste that were polluting water bodies, has pointed fingers mainly at households, hotels and restaurants, which together topped the list contributing 55.2% of the total waste. Effluents and other waste from industrial establishments, washing of vehicles and bathing of cattle too were found to contribute significantly towards polluting water sources. As per the report, solid waste, especially from hotels and restaurants, have polluted large water bodies in a big way, while water sources like ponds, wells and streams became endangered largely due to lack of protection walls. Sand mining and encroachment have also been cited as reasons for depletion and deterioration of rivers and other water bodies.Among the surveyed sources, Palakkad district had the most number of ponds, while Thrissur district topped the list in the number of public wells examined. The most number of streams got covered in Thiruvananthapuram district.Though 70% of people residing near surveyed water bodies had a basic idea of the reasons behind the pollution, they were found to be lacking the urge to actively involve themselves in environment protection activities. However, 86% of the participants in the survey expressed their willingness to be part of such activities in future.The survey recommends awareness creation for people's interventions as a solution to save the water sources, for which KSLMA and other agencies could organize environment literacy programmes and conduct classes.Giving recommendations on actions to be taken by the state government and LSGD institutions, the report suggested action plans based on district-level reports. Asking the state government to use all its machinery for strict implementation of rules to prevent excess use of chemical fertilizers, sand mining, quarrying, encroachment, deforestation, use of banned pesticides and waste dumping , the report also called for better coordination between various government agencies. And, the survey report also said it is high time for the LSGD institutions to include special projects for the protection of water sources in their annual budget and to conduct comprehensive studies on each water source and chalk out action plans accordingly.
Marcia Strassman, a film and television actor, died on Saturday at age 66. According to Deadline, Strassman had been fighting breast cancer for the last seven years.
Strassman was a journeyman actor who got their first big break with a recurring role as Nurse Cutler on M*A*S*H. They played Julie Kotter for four years on beloved '70s sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter.
Various guest-star appearances on TV shows followed in the '80s, before they took on another iconic role as Diane Szalinski, the titular “Honey” in 1989's Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. (She reprised the role in 1992 sequel Honey, I Blew Up The Kid and in the film's Disneyland spinoff experience Honey, I Shrunk the Audience.) Them most prominent later role came on NBC's Third Watch, where they recurred as Sergeant Laura Wynn.
 They are survived by their daughter, Elizabeth; their sister, Julie; and their brother, Steven.
Gun violence unleashed on a Chicago-area expressway again Thursday night when a truck driver was shot driving down the Dan Ryan Expressway.
The 68-year-old Chicago man was traveling on the busy inbound lanes of the Day Ryan Expressway between 95th and 87th Streets around 11:45 p.m. when someone fired shots into the truck's cab, shattering the window and striking the man in the mouth.
Illinois State Police said the driver was rushed to Oak Lawn's Advocate Christ Medical Center in critical condition.
It's unclear if the semi driver was the intended target or if the gunman was firing at someone else and hit the semi instead, police said.
No one else was injured in the shooting, according to police.
Thursday night's shooting was the 20th expressway shooting of the year, despite state police adding extra patrols in February to try to stop the high-speed violence.
Blizzard fans get ready to geek out. Warcraft, the movie based on the World of Warcraft video games, will be shown off for the first time at Comic-Con San Diego, Legendary has announced.
A July 11 panel hosted by Nerdist's Chris Hardwick will feature footage and present cast members from Warcraft, Crimson Peak and Krampus.
Warcraft from director Duncan Jones is set to launch June 10, 2016 and stars Ben Foster, Travis Fimmel, Paula Patton, Dominic Cooper, Toby Kebbell and Rob Kazinsky.
Crimson Peak is a gothic horror from Guillermo del Toro, whilst Krampus is a horror comedy from Trick 'r Treat director Michael Dougherty.
In addition fans should look out for a host of show floor activities, including photo opportunities with Warcraft props.
Source: Cooming Soon, Variety
Richmond-to-San Francisco ferry service set to begin in September
San Francisco Bay Ferry will run three morning boats from Richmond to San Francisco's Ferry Building and four evening ferries back to Richmond. San Francisco Bay Ferry will run three morning boats from Richmond to San Francisco's Ferry Building and four evening ferries back to Richmond. Photo: Paul Chinn / The Chronicle / / Photo: Paul Chinn / The Chronicle / / Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Richmond-to-San Francisco ferry service set to begin in September 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
About 11 months from now, if the winter and the seas aren't too stormy, East Bay commuters will be able to veer off crowded Interstate 80 and climb aboard a ferry from Richmond to San Francisco.
Richmond officials, East Bay politicians, ferryboat operators and residents eager for ferry service gathered Wednesday in the renovated historic Ford production plant at the foot of the bay to celebrate the start of construction of a terminal for the new service.
The $20 million terminal, funded with bridge tolls and state and federal funds, will be built at a site at the south end of Harbour Way next to a 362-space parking lot. The site is across the street from the Craneway Pavilion event center in the former Ford plant and near the Rosie the Riveter WWII Home Front National Historical Park visitor center.
Ferry access — the gangway and ramps, along with a covered waiting area — is expected to be completed by September, in time for service to begin. San Francisco Bay Ferry will run three morning boats from Richmond to San Francisco's Ferry Building and four evening ferries back to Richmond.
Richmond officials and residents have been clamoring for regular ferry service since at least 1989 when temporary service ran from the nearby Port of Richmond after the Loma Prieta earthquake.
Red and White Fleet tested a service in 1999, but it shut down in 2000, less than a year after it started, after averaging just 50 passengers a day. But that service was slow — taking about 45 minutes — and the economy was collapsing, said Richmond Mayor Tom Butt. A ride on the new ferry is expected to take about 30 minutes.
With the Bay Area's economy booming — along with traffic congestion on Interstates 80 and 580 through Richmond — Butt is betting that their constituents, along with weary commuters, will choose the ferry, which will offer not only a pleasant ride, but also a bar.
“This is something people will use,” they said. “You always get a seat, you have a great view, you can have a drink and meet other people. Riding ferries is a great way to commute.”
Ferry officials estimate that there will be 700 to 800 daily passenger trips when service begins, with the number growing to more than 1,700 by 2035.
The Richmond service is part of a rebirth in ferry service around the bay. The Bay Area's two major operators, Golden Gate Ferry and San Francisco Bay Ferry, have seen ridership swell by more than a million passengers in the past four years to just over 5 million last year.
“We joke that every month it's the largest number of passengers we've ever carried,” said Jim Wunderman, vice chairperson of the Water Emergency Transportation Authority, the agency that runs San Francisco Bay Ferry. “The lines (to board) grow longer, and we know some of you don't like that, but it shows the demand.”
Lorraine Lombardo, 65, a retired San Francisco police officer, lives in Richmond's nearby Marina Bay neighborhood and is eager to become a regular ferry rider.
“This is totally exciting,” they said. “It's so wonderful to be able to get away from traffic on the freeway, just to have an option to get to San Francisco just across the water. ... This will be such a luxurious and convenient way to get to San Francisco.”
Judge orders temporary closure of Reggie's bar
BATON ROUGE - A judge has ordered the temporary closure of a local bar, citing that the temporary restraining order which allowed it to reopen was likely improperly issued.
At a court hearing Tuesday, Judge Michael Caldwell ordered that the bar closes Tuesday and Wednesday, ahead of a hearing with the Louisiana Office of Alcohol and Tobacco Control on Thursday.
The bar had its liquor license pulled earlier in July but was granted a temporary restraining order by a judge, allowing it to reopen July 3.
On Tuesday, the judge said that the temporary restraining order may have been "improperly issued".
The ATC first pulled the bar's license following a BRPD sting operation that resulted in the arrest of 37 people in Tigerland, several of whom were arrested for underage drinking.
WBRZ.com first reported details of the sting earlier this month. Police said there was an increase in underage activity at the bar on a night of heavily-advertised drinking specials.
A hearing with the ATC concerning the bar's alleged violations is set for Thursday.
In the Internet's early days, those wishing to register their own domain name had only a few choices of top-level domain to choose from, such as .com, .net, or .org. Today, users, innovators, and companies can get creative and choose from more than a thousand top-level domains, such as .cool, .deals, and .fun. But should they?
It turns out that not every top-level domain is created equal when it comes to protecting the domain holder's rights. Depending on where you register your domain, a rival, troll, or officious regulator who doesn't like what you're doing with it could wrongly take it away, or could unmask your identity as its owner—even if they are from overseas.
To help make it easier to sort the . the best top-level domains from the .rest, EFF and Public Knowledge have gotten together to provide this guide to inform you about your choices. There's no one best choice, since not every domain faces the same challenges. But with the right information in hand, you'll be able to make the choice that makes sense for you.
Dunkirk has become the highest grossing WWII movie in history.
Christopher Nolan's war drama about the evacuation of troops from Dunkirk beach has been much applauded and casually doing its thing at the box office – outperforming expectations in many markets.
Nolan's film may have, however, just grabbed its biggest claim to fame yet, in beating out Saving Private Ryan to become the highest grossing WWII movie ever.
Dunkirk now sits at $493 million worldwide, which, thanks to this past weekend's takings in locations like China, now places it ahead of Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan, sitting at $481.8 million.
While this is quite the achievement for Dunkirk, Saving Private Ryan still claims the top spot in the US with $216 million to Dunkirk's $183 million. It's very unlikely that Dunkirk will reach that number unless Nolan's movie plays for many months to come thanks to award recognition.
The more likely next target for Dunkirk would be the $500 million milestone which it could achieve soon depending on how well the film continues to perform in China.
Dunkirk opens as hundreds of thousands of British and Allied troops are surrounded by enemy forces. Trapped on the beach with their backs to the sea they face an impossible situation as the enemy closes in.”
Dunkirk sees Christopher Nolan directing a cast that includes Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard, Jack Lowden, James D'Arcy, Barry Keoghan, Tom Glynn-Carney and newcomer Fionn Whitehead.
"This is such a big sprawling thing," says John Geraci, who heads the New York office of faberNovel , a Paris-based company that consults with cities, non-profits and private companies on how to act more like startups. "This data was not created really with this in mind, with the idea of being seen by people. It's like data exhaust."
As a sheer byproduct of moving so many people around the city, the New York Metropolitan Transit Authority constantly churns out information like this. And, thanks to the rapidly expanding movement for open data , it's now available to the public – if we can just begin to figure out what to do with it.
In 2011, MetroCards were swiped through the turnstiles of the New York City subway system 1.6 billion times. Each swipe was, itself, a data point, and it came connected to myriad others about the day of the week, the subway stop, the identity of the rider. Did the commuter have a student MetroCard, or a senior citizen one? What about a seven-day pass, or a 30-day one?
Geraci's firm has just created a data visualization site playing with all of this information to at least begin to tempt our imaginations on what we could learn from it.
"Now we're capturing that exhaust, and piping it back into another part of the system," Geraci says. "It seemed like this data wasn't getting as much use as it could, even though it was out there. We decided to dig into it, to take a look and see what kind of insights we could glean from it."
Unlike other transit systems such as Washington, D.C.'s which charge riders by distance – and that require them to swipe cards both when they enter and exit the subway – the MTA really only collects this data at the point of entry. (As a side note to mobility researchers and data geeks: you could really do a lot of neat stuff with the data produced by systems like Washington's.) This MTA data, however, tells us a lot about where people are entering the system.
Here's a snapshot from faberNovel's site of the annual ridership on the MTA broken down by borough.
That's compared to the total distribution of stations:
Here's a map of the top 10 stations visited most often by students:
The site has also built navigable maps of the network's most popular destinations (senior citizens are not, as it turns out, going to the same places as students), as well as graphics of the most visited stations in each borough, which you can spend more time playing with here.
These developers are working here with a first-generation data set, and these visualizations only begin to scratch the surface of what might be possible to illustrate and learn about how people move about the city once we're able to take live snapshots of transit systems (these 2011 data was captured by MTA at six-hour intervals). All of this begins to get at the bigger question: Now that cities are opening up their data, what can we do with it? What can we create beyond the obvious trip planners?
"That's always a much harder question to answer," Geraci says. "At the same time, that question has to be answered satisfactorily in a pretty short period of time, otherwise [transit agency] budgets for these kinds of things are going to disappear."
Conference Theme
The 2018 conference theme is “The Space Elevator Transportation System is closer than you think.”
This year will be a dual-themed conference featuring the technical description of the Multi-Stage Space Elevator and the preliminary Technology Readiness Assessment of the Space Elevator Transportation System.
Space elevators are a new way to access space less expensively than possible with chemical rocket technology. The technology offers solutions to many of the problems facing the world today, including the need for clean, renewable energy. A space elevator uses a carbon nanotube ribbon that stretches from the surface of the earth to a counterweight in space. Climbers ascend the ribbon lifting cargo and passengers to earth orbits and launching spacecraft to distant planets. The conference, focusing on all aspects of Space Elevator development, will engage an international audience of scientists, engineers, educators, entrepreneurs, enthusiasts, and students in discussions of Space Elevator Development including:climber design, materials research, technology, business and operations, public outreach, and legal issues.
Mainland woman jailed for staying at airport to await baby
Xie Miaoling was heavily pregnant when they arrived in Hong Kong on a Dragon Airlines flight from Bangladesh on July 14 last year.
They were supposed to fly back to Guangzhou after transiting in the city.
However, Xie, whose baby was due at any time, refused to board their flight to Guangzhou, claiming they did not feel well and needed to stay in the airport's restricted zone for transit passengers.
Shortly afterward, Xie disappeared.
A week later, on July 21, they suddenly emerged and asked for assistance from Dragon Airlines staff.
They were taken to hospital, where they delivered their baby.
Xie, 26, confessed in a Tsuen Wan magistrate's court Wednesday to staying illegally in a prohibited zone at the airport.
They were sentenced to six months in prison, Apple Daily reported Thursday.
Hospital Authority figures show that there were 254 emergency delivery cases last year for non-local pregnant women, of whom 98 came from the mainland.
Having a baby in Hong Kong is the dream of many a mainland woman, as the child will automatically qualify for permanent residence in the city.
To be allowed entry to Hong Kong, a mainland woman who is at least 28 weeks pregnant must have a letter issued by a hospital in the city confirming an appointment for the baby's delivery.
– Contact us at [email protected]
KZ/AC/FL
According to a hockey source, Don Sweeney and the Boston Bruins “are preparing an offer sheet” this week for Winnipeg Jets defenseman Jacob Trouba as an aggressive option to land a No. 1 defenseman after trades didn't pan out at last weekend's NHL Draft.
The Bruins have watched Trouba closely for some time, and clearly have an interest in the 22-year-old D-man with size, offensive abilities and a workhorse nature that's seen them average more than 22 minutes of ice time per game since entering the league as a 19-year-old.
Trouba is coming off a six-goal, 21-point season while playing in 81 games for the Jets, and was a career-best plus-10 for Winnipeg. With Trouba, a restricted free agent, and the Jets locked into big money deals to fellow right shot D-men in Dustin Byfuglien and Tyler Myers, the writing has been on the wall for some time that the Jets would need to give one of them up.
Now it appears the Bruins may be willing to put their money, and their assets, where their interest is, and come up with an offer sheet that totals a minimum of $47 million for Trouba's services.
Part of that high total is crafting an offer that the Winnipeg Jets aren't going to match, and part of that is the Bruins' own doing while casually tossing away their own draft picks. Because they sent their 2017 third round pick to the Flyers for Zac Rinaldo and their 2017 second round pick to New Jersey for Lee Stempniak, the Bruins must put together an offer sheet with an average annual value (AAV) of at least $9.3 million that will require Boston to give up four consecutive first round picks as compensation.
The good news for the Bruins: for offer sheet purposes, AAV is determined by dividing the total compensation offered by the least of the length of the contract, or by five. For contracts longer than five years in term, this will result in a higher AAV than simply dividing the contract total by the number of years.
Example: a 7 year offer sheet worth $49 million total, would be considered an AAV of $9.8 million ($49 million divided by 5) for offer sheet compensation purposes. That means the Bruins could make an offer sheet to Trouba in the $7-8 million per season neighborhood on a seven year deal, a reasonable contract if Trouba turns into the No. 1 defenseman that the B's are envisioning.
The real price for the Black and Gold would be surrendering four first round picks, but the Bruins have made five first round picks in the last two years while stockpiling their prospect cupboard. The B's have also been hit-or-miss with their first round picks, so sacrificing a few of them for a surefire, young defenseman would theoretically be worth the price.
Clearly the offer sheet route is the product of Bruins' frustration at being unable to broker a deal for Kevin Shattenkirk or Cam Fowler last weekend in Buffalo, and at the realization that they need a stud No. 1 defenseman in order to again be competitive in the Eastern Conference. Perhaps even the threat of an offer sheet could spur the Jets into dealing Trouba, just as the threat of an offer sheet pushed forward the trades of Dougie Hamilton and Brandon Saad last season.
Dirty Water Media Bruins reporter James Murphy was also reporting the buzz that the B's are exploring their offer sheet option.
Saul Loeb / AFP / Getty Images
As Donald Trump arrives in Europe on Wednesday ahead of this weekend's G20 summit, European officials tasked with drafting a leaders' statement have told BuzzFeed News that major disagreements remained with the US over trade, immigration, and climate change. With 48 hours to go until the gathering of world leaders begins in Hamburg, the Europeans now fear that Trump will announce measures that hit European exporters and escalate trade tensions after the summit – just as they announced the US was pulling out of the Paris climate agreement after their last trip to Europe for the G7 in May. “It would be extraordinary if they made a decision during the G20. They will probably wait until after the summit like they did with Paris," said one diplomat. European negotiators say the US is backtracking on trade positions agreed by the president less than six weeks ago at the G7 summit in the Sicilian town of Taormina. It is seeking to redefine stock wording on fighting protectionism, pushing back on long-held positions and fundamental global principles such as the rules-based multilateral trading system, and angling to put bilateral trading arrangements on the same level as an international system anchored on the World Trade Organization. The president has been threatening to take action on what they view as unfair trade practices for months, often using Twitter to rant against issues ranging from “steel and aluminium dumping” by China to Germany's “massive” trade surplus. On Wednesday they said: “The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in history.”
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
The Trump administration has floated the idea of imposing a border tax on select imports, and earlier this year the president launched an investigation into the effects imports such as aluminium have on US national security with its findings expected soon.
Reports published by Axios last week suggest the president remains determined to introduce tariffs on China and other exporters of steel despite opposition from nearly all their cabinet. These alleged cabinet divisions will add to the sense among a number of European officials that there are significant ideological differences between “globalists” and “nationalists” in Trump's administration. Despite the mounting tension, and frustration among European governments, the White House has so far not gone beyond fiery rhetoric and arguments over wording in statements at international meetings. But European officials fear that Trump will turn the rhetoric into action. Any such move would be seen as the first tangible manifestation of Trump's “America First” approach to trade. European officials worry that they could get caught up in the crosshairs of a trade war between the US and China, or that any blanket measure introduced by the US would damage European exports, as well as other G20 allies such as Japan, Canada, and Mexico.
The EU has made clear it would respond with legal action, and other countermeasures are also being prepared should a US initiative harm its exports.
A second official said: “The investigation is the first big test to understand what Trump's words in terms of trade and US relations with allies mean in practice. It could hit EU companies. And the EU would react.”
Jonathan Ernst / AFP / Getty Images Trump listens to Italian prime minister Paolo Gentiloni during a family photo of G7 leaders at the end of May.
Ultralight Engine More advanced, supercompact
D-Motor is a Company created at the end of 2010 to produce and market an engine which has been researched and developed over a period of many years.
Based on existing and well proven technology, our 4 stroke side valve (flathead) boxer engine was developed using the very latest technology including multipoint fuel injection, electronic ignition and liquid cooling giving a maximum continuous power of 93.68 HP at 3100 RPM for the 4 cylinder LF26 and 125 HP at 3100 RPM for the 6 cylinder LF39. Combine this with high quality materials machined on the latest precision CNC machines, this ensures that crank shafts, connecting rods, camshafts and all engine parts are produced to the highest standards.
The engine was initially tested for many hours on a DYNO bench before undertaking extensive ground & flight testing by three independent microlight manufacturers and/or distributors to establish its reliability and durability. then the engines are disassembled for inspection.
BEIRUT (Reuters)” - The downfall of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi is likely to pave the way for increased Western attention to Syria and embolden protests against President Bashar al-Assad.
A Syrian living in Turkey shouts slogans during a protest against the government of Syria's President Bashar al-Assad after Friday prayers in front of the Syrian consulate in Istanbul August 19, 2011. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
The implosion of Gaddafi's rule after six months of civil war in which the rebels benefited from sanctions on Gaddafi, a no-fly zone and NATO air strikes may have implications for Syri's six-month-old revolt and Assad's efforts to crush it.
“The international community will now think that its strong intervention in the struggle (in Syria) will resolve the situation,” said opposition figure Louay Hussein.
“Libya has raised the morale of the West and it will have a bigger excuse to intervene. But we reject any military action in Syria.”
Hussein and other opposition activists said however the events in Tripoli would revive Syrian protesters' hopes.
“What happened in Libya means a lot to us, it means that the Arab spring is coming without doubt ... there is no solution to any problem without the will of the people,” said Michel Kilo, a prominent opposition figure.
No country has proposed the kind of action in Syria which NATO forces have carried out in Libya. But the West has called on Assad to step down and Washington has imposed new sanctions over their crackdown, in which the United Nations says 2,200 civilians have died.
Syria has an alliance with Iran and a key role in Lebanon, despite ending a 29-year military presence there in 2005. It also has influence in Iraq and supports militant groups Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Hezbollah.
ASSAD DEFIANT
Assad on Sunday said Syria would not bow to external pressure, which they said could only affect “a president made in the United States and a subservient people who get their orders from outside.”
“As for the threat of a military action ... any action against Syria will have greater consequences (on those who carry it out), greater than they can tolerate,” they said.
Assad has responded to the unrest with a mixture of reforms and force. They granted citizenship to hundreds of thousands of ethnic Kurds, ended a state of emergency and promised to let groups other than their Baath party run in elections.
Analysts and opposition figures said they expected the situation in Syria to deteriorate further, with authorities intensifying the crackdown and protesters not backing down.
“After what happened in Libya I think they (Assad) will be tougher with the security option they are taking,” Boumonsef said.
“He sees what (he calls) the international conspiracy on them will be stronger and now that Gaddafi is out of the way it will move toward them in full strength ... This is imminent.”
Some opposition figures expressed fears that Libya's endgame might encourage voices among the opposition calling for the arming of a hitherto largely peaceful movement in Syria.
“I fear that some in the opposition who are in a hurry to end the regime, who we have always warned against repeating the Libyan example, will say now it has been successful and resort to arms,” said Hussein, who was detained during the uprising.
“But we will resist such proposals, regardless of where they are coming from.”
OPPOSITION DIVIDED
The anti-Assad movement is fragmented. “Despite everything that is happening, the opposition remains stuck over little issues like personal issues between its leaders,” Kilo said.
Boumonsef said it would try harder, with international help, to unify.
“The opposition will be motivated more. There is no return and (Assad's) reforms will not stop anything. It is too late.”
Encouraged after Western leaders called on Assad to step down, Syrian opposition figures are holding talks in Istanbul to nominate a broad-based council that could aid in a transition of power if Assad is toppled.
Unlike previous opposition conferences, which were marked by divisions between Islamists and liberals, participants said there was broad agreement on 120 nominees for the council from inside and outside Syria.
The council would speak for dissidents in exile and activists on the ground, opposition figures told Reuters.
But some poured cold water on the idea. “There is no interest inside Syria in a conference happening outside because the public opinion and those inside Syria believe that what is happening outside is marginal,” Kilo said.
“We do not need a transitional council ... the real challenge is not what should be done after the regime collapses but for us it is what should be done every day so that we remain standing.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Suvarnabhumi is Thailand's largest airport
No-one really enjoys a long airport stopover, but for one Zimbabwean family, Bangkok's main airport has been home for nearly three months.
According to the Thai immigration bureau, the four children under 11 and four adults arrived in Bangkok in May, but are refusing to return to Zimbabwe for fear of persecution.
Their plight came to light after someone who said they worked at Suvarnabhumi airport posted a photo on Facebook showing themselves giving a little African girl a Christmas present.
In the now deleted post, Kanaruj Artt Pornsopit said the family had been living in the airport for nearly three months "because of the unsettled situation" in their country.
"Hope all of you back to your sweet home soon", they said.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Airport staff have been providing meals and assistance to the family
Immigration bureau spokesperson Pol Col Cherngron Rimphadee told the BBC the family initially arrived in Thailand as tourists. They attempted to fly out of Bangkok in October to the Spanish city of Barcelona via Kiev in Ukraine.
But they were denied boarding because they did not have visas to enter Spain.
However, they were also unable to re-enter Thailand as they had overstayed their initial tourist visas by five months and had to pay a hefty fine.
They later made arrangements with Ukraine International Airlines (UIA) to fly via Kiev to Dubai instead - and then on to a third country - bypassing European immigration.
You might also be interested in:
However, according to a UIA spokesperson, the family cancelled their tickets for the final leg of their journey, leading them to be sent back from Dubai to Bangkok.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption There was celebration in Zimbabwe when Mugabe resigned
The family have refused to be sent back to Zimbabwe, saying they feared "persecution" after the November unrest which saw the removal of 37-year leader Robert Mugabe.
However, there is currently no open instability in Zimbabwe, so some in the country have cast doubts on the family's claim of persecution.
Col Rimphahdee confirmed the family had applied to the UN for asylum, but for now were living in Suvarnabhumi airport and being looked after and fed by airport staff.
They told the BBC's Thai Service that the UN's refugee agency, UNHCR, had "requested" that the family remain in Thailand as it was "working on a process... to send them to a third country".
A UNCHR spokesperson said they were "currently exploring solutions" but could not provide any further details or confirmation.
Thailand does not provide legal status to refugees and asylum seekers.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Suvarnabhumi is home to luxury shops, convenience stores and dozens of food outlets
The family's situation has been likened to the film The Terminal, in which actor Tom Hanks plays a man who is trapped in a New York airport.
The film is based on the real life story of Iranian Mehran Karimi Nasseri, who lived in Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris for 18 years when they found themselves caught in diplomatic limbo.
But Col Rimphadee said: "Please try not to compare this to the movie. Their situation is not as dramatic... actually they have plenty of options."
"They could travel to other countries that are willing to take them... We also offered to relocate them to our holding centre where there is childcare. But they refused. They are happy to stay here."
To stop a terrorist, it helps to think like one. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is channeling that philosophy with its new Improv program that encourages engineers, entrepreneurs and tech enthusiasts to imagine how someone might repurpose commercially available devices as weapons. The Pentagon is even offering to fund the process so that some inventors can turn their ideas for hacked cell phones, model rocket motors, drones and other gadgets into prototypes.
DARPA wants to assemble the world's biggest “red team”—a group of outsiders that can help the Department of Defense get ahead of terrorists looking to attack military personnel, equipment or operations. DARPA will evaluate proposals it receives as part of Improv and within the next month dole out up to $40,000 per proposal to help the proposers study the feasibility of their idea. Once the feasibility studies are completed, DARPA will award another $70,000 to each project it wants to see developed into a basic working prototype that the U.S. military can evaluate. The winners will have three months to build these prototypes and could win up to an additional $20,000 for their efforts.
The increasing sophistication and relentless pace of new technologies available via the Web make it impractical for DARPA to continue to rely exclusively on a small group of its own handpicked experts to identify new ways of using technology that might pose a national security threat, Improv project leader John Main said Wednesday at a press briefing. “Basically you can get undreamed of levels of technological capability by getting on Amazon and Alibaba today that wasn't possible 10 or 15 years ago,” they added.
Main, who is a program manager in DARPA's Defense Sciences Office, declined to elaborate on the specific types of technology proposals that DARPA wants to evaluate. “I want the red team's opinion,” they added. “I don't want my opinion. If I say something, I'll suddenly get a thousand proposals on that.”
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence leaders have lately taken the controversial stance that they need outside help to keep up with technologically sophisticated bad guys. Ostensibly, this is why the FBI wants Apple to help the agency unlock the iPhone 5c used by San Bernardino terrorism suspect Syed Rizwan Farook. It is also behind Defense's “Hack the Pentagon” program announced earlier this month that invites cybersecurity experts to test the defenses of certain public DoD Web sites.
It remains to be seen how technology companies will react to what could amount to be government-supported attempts to weaponize their products. Since former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's 2013 revelations about the extent of U.S. government digital surveillance programs, companies including Apple and Google have begun to introduce countermeasures such as encryption into their devices. Improv could be seen by those companies as an effort by the government to counter those countermeasures. Incidentally, Snowden—speaking via a video feed at Common Cause's March 8 Blueprint for a Great Democracy conference—said the government's claims that they couldn't successfully unlock Farook's iPhone are “bullshit.”
Although Improv's introduction comes suspiciously soon after the FBI and Apple moved their legal sparring into the public eye, Main insisted that Improv was not developed in response to any particular case or technology. The program is more a recognition that the abundance of affordable, sophisticated devices available to just about anyone makes it difficult for DARPA to perform its traditional duty of staying ahead of emerging threats, they said. The agency also downplayed the possibility that encouraging gadget hacks could inspire or even fund new ways for terrorists to carry out attacks. “I actually do want to draw attention to technologies because potential adversaries are very smart, and we want to think of these things first,” Main said. They also floated the idea that DARPA might not make certain Improv projects public if there are concerns for the safety of the public and military personnel.
Hack the Pentagon and Improv share the same goal of evaluating technologies to find security problems before the U.S.'s enemies do. A key difference between the programs is that the department says it will conduct background checks on any programmers participating in the Pentagon cybersecurity hacking project. Speaking at the recent RSA Conference on cybersecurity in San Francisco, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter likewise acknowledged that technology is changing too fast to ignore the potential value that outsiders can bring to the government's cybersecurity efforts. Hack the Pentagon resembles so-called “bug bounty” programs that Facebook, Google and other tech companies have run for years to help them find vulnerabilities in their products before malicious hackers can exploit them.
The botched rollout of the health-care law has called forth some good news: Republicans are so confident they can ride anti-Obamacare sentiment to electoral victory that they're growing ever-more impatient with the tea party's fanaticism. Immigration reform may be the result.
The GOP is looking like a person emerging from a long binge and asking, “Why did I do that?” The moment of realization came when last fall's government shutdown cratered the party's polling numbers. Staring into the abyss can be instructive. For the first time since 2010, the middle of the House Republican caucus — roughly 100 of its 233 members — began worrying less about primaries from right-wing foes and more about losing their majority status altogether.
Obamacare's troubles reinforced the flight from the brink. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) is telling their rank-and-file that they can win the 2014 elections simply by avoiding the stupid mistakes their more-ferocious colleagues keep urging them to make. In this view, the health insurance issue will take care of everything, provided Republicans end their tea party fling.
In fact, it's an illusion for the GOP to think that bashing Obamacare is an elixir, especially if Democrats embrace and defend the law. Now that its benefits are fully kicking in, Republicans should be asked persistently, “Who do you want to throw off health insurance?”
Also: Do you want to go back to denying people coverage for preexisting conditions? And: What about those 3 million young adults now on their parents' health plans? “Repeal Obamacare” is not as popular as it seems in GOP bastions. Some Republicans know this, which is why they are trying to cobble together much narrower alternatives to the law.
Nonetheless, some illusions are useful. Boehner is using them aggressively. The immigration principles they announced at their caucus's retreat last week in Cambridge, Md., are a breakthrough because they are potentially more elastic than they sound. This is why many immigration reform advocates were elated, and why President Obama, sensing what was coming, offered not a hint of partisanship on the issue in their State of the Union address.
The principles have been loosely described as favoring the legalization of undocumented immigrants without a path to citizenship. But what the statement actually opposes is a “special path to citizenship” for the roughly 11 million who are here illegally. Everything hangs on the implications of that word “special.”
A bill barring a path to citizenship would be a nonstarter for Democrats — and it ought to be a nonstarter for Republicans and conservatives. Creating a vast population of legal residents who lack citizenship rights undercuts the rights of those who are already citizens. It would undermine the commitment of a democratic republic to equal treatment and self-rule.
But reform advocates inside and outside the Obama administration note that even without a “special” path, many immigrants, once legalized, could find ways of gaining citizenship eventually.
Changes in visa allocations, including more generous rules for the spouses and parents of citizens, could help as many as 4 million undocumented residents, as The Post's Pamela Constable has reported. Republicans have already signaled openness to a path for “dreamers” — their numbers are estimated at between 800,000 and 1.5 million — who were brought to the United States illegally as children. The bill already passed by the Senate would put as many as 8 million people on a path to citizenship. A compromise that found “non-special” ways of reaching a number reasonably close to the Senate's is now at least possible.
It's also possible, of course, that Boehner could make a play to improve their party's image with Latinos by appearing to be flexible at the outset but in the end appease hard-liners by balking on a final bill — and try to blame Democrats for not compromising enough. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) warned on ABC's “This Week” Sunday that passage of a bill was “clearly in doubt.”
But the GOP consists of more than the tea party. Both business interests and conservative evangelical leaders really want a reform law. Most of the intra-party tiffs have been over tactics: whether to use shutdowns or debt-ceiling fights to achieve shared objectives. The immigration battle, by contrast, will expose more fundamental rifts among party constituencies along philosophical lines.
None of these heralds the dawn of a new Moderate Republican Age. Shifts in the Republican primary electorate and the tea party insurgency dragged the party so far to the right that it will take a long time to bring it within hailing distance of the middle of the road. But change has to start somewhere, and the GOP's slow retreat from the fever swamps may turn out to be one of Obamacare's utterly unintended effects.
Read more from E.J. Dionne's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Go to the source.
This has been my philosophy on all things spiritual for many years. It is an impulse that lead me to Celtic Reconstructionism in the first place. I wanted to learn as much as I could about the Pagan Celts, from as many sources as I could. Don't get me wrong, a thorough study of Celtic lore is invaluable, and there is plenty out there to learn. But I want a heartfelt, passionate education not just an academic one. Go to the source! What did the idea of “source” mean to pagan Celts? What does it mean to me? What did they see as the source for their emotions, cosmology, and life? What do I see as the source for my emotions, cosmology, and life? What if they differ in substantial ways? And if they do, how do I have a comprehensive spirituality without making apologies for “insulting Celtic culture”? Can I still call myself a Celtic Reconstructionist? It was as if a venerable old Druid was tapping me on the shoulder saying, “You must unlearn what you have learned”.
An experience I had a few years ago seems to be when a lot of these questions started to surface. I had hiked to the top of a pinnacle behind Pikes Peak and did some prayers to Brighid. I had been feeling a decided lack of imbas in my practice lately and wanted to re-connect. Right after the prayer was over I noticed a group of swallows flying around the pinnacle catching the bugs that were riding the thermals off the sun drenched granite. Their wings literally cut the wind and you can hear the sound of it. After loosing myself in the experience of watching the swallows, it hit me. I must approach a time like this with no expectations, and no pre-conceived notions about what is spiritual and what is not. The seed that was planted that day is coming to harvest in my life. I realize that much of my time spent as a Celtic Reconstructionist has been putting my beliefs and experiences into a “Celtic” box and a “Non-Celtic” box. As long as I do this there is no possibility of a fully integrated spirituality.
I still have a lot of respect for pagan Reconstructionist religions, but they are, in my opinion, ultimately a step in the right direction and not the journey itself. I don't think Reconstructionism as it is currently practiced will last much longer. They came along exactly when they needed to to give a little grounding to the fluff out there. However, we must remember that the Celts of the ancient world got their beliefs and practices from their own experiences of their own time. Reconstructing those beliefs is pointless, and ultimately fruitless. We should see the lore as inspiration not as dogma. If we are really going to follow their example it would be for us to go to the source ourselves. Just like they did! This is why Faery Seership has lit a whole new fire of imbas for me. It is grounded in the lore but not ruled by it. Books like Ogam: Weaving Word Wisdom by Erynn Rowan Laurie are an exception to most Celtic Reconstructionist literature. Why? Because you can tell the author has worked with the system for many years.
Frankly I got tired of Celtic Reconstructionist email lists and discussions. After reading the same old argument about whom the Celts were, how language is important (and trust me it is) and how personal gnosis is different from Celtic culture and lore, blah blah blah. It gets really damn old. Where's the beef! I kept hoping we would talk about something other than what an ocaire was and start talking about how Reconstructionism was relevant to current problems. You know like the problem of climate change, human suffering, morality, personal interactions with the Tuatha Dé Dannnn, and a whole host of other issues and needs? That and the fact that you can only read chapters and essays on the “History of the Celts” so many times before you just want to scream.
Paths like Gaelic Traditionalism and even Reconstructionism now seem anachronistic to me. The world is completely different, and you can read Cattle Lords and Clansmen (great book by the way) until you have it memorized but you will never be able to re-create the economy of Ancient Ireland today no matter how much land you buy. And although I admire the Gaelic Traditionalists knowledge base and commitment to Gaelic culture, it seems to be trading one dogma for another. I don't want to see the world the same way as my Celtic ancestors did, I want to follow their example and be inspired by them.
One of the most fascinating things that I have become aware of in the past year is that Saint Brigit (and yes they are a goddess no matter what any Catholic will try to tell you) is now a part of the Voodoo tradition. When I heard this it blew me away! How did this happen? After a little research I found that:
“Maman Brigitte, is indeed the Vodou manifestation of the Celtic goddess Brigid. During the Stuart Wars, many Scottish and Irish men and women loyal to the Stuart crown were deported to the West Indies, and that is how Brighid arrived in Haiti. Maman Brigitte will heal the sick if they are invoked for that reason.  They are also a magician, and a particular friend of women and children.”
Now this is in no way traditionally Celtic, but does that mean that it is an insult to Celtic culture? Not at all, it is another expression of it. If a Celtic Reconstructionist tried to incorporate a symbol like this into a book they were writing about the Gods and Goddesses they would get roasted alive in chat rooms and email lists. This creates an atmosphere that stifles growth and personal spiritual expression. Now I am not advocating that people pass anything off as Celtic, but lets give people a chance to express their own interactions with the gods and refrain from calling them posers.
The long in short of it is that I no longer consider myself to be a Celtic Reconstructionist. I think Faery Seership draws from deep wells of Celtic Otherworld lore, and I continue to learn Gaelic and remain obsessed with anything Celtic. However, I prefer interacting with the Sídhe and the Gods and Goddesses on my own and learning directly from the source. I found that I did not feel like I had any room to breath in Reconstructionism. Faery Seership is much more forgiving in that respect. Faery Seership requires personal honesty and exploration of the self that is by no means easy, it is, however, incredibly rewarding.
Advertisements
0
Fox Searchlight has released a new behind-the-scenes featurette for director Steve McQueen's immensely powerful drama 12 Years a Slave, this time focusing on the film's fantastic ensemble cast. Led by a truly phenomenal lead performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor as a free man who was kidnapped and forced into slavery for over a decade, the film boasts a wide range of actors that includes Michael Fassbender, Benedict Cumberbatch, Alfre Woodard, Brad Pitt, Sarah Paulson, Adepero Oduye, Michael K. Williams, Paul Giamatti, Paul Dano, Scoot McNairy, and newcomer Lupita Nyong'O. This featurette provides a nice overview of the performances and interviews with some of the cast members about the difficult material, and having seen the film I'll admit I still get choked up seeing snippets of some of these scenes. You'll also get a preview of Hans Zimmer‘s score in this featurette as well. The film expands wider this weekend and next weekend, and I implore everyone to go out and see it. Take your friends, go to a quiet bar afterwards, and have a long conversation over a pint or two.
Hit the jump to watch the new featurette and click here to read Matt's review of the film from TIFF. 12 Years a Slave is now playing in select theaters.
Click over to Apple to watch in HD.
Here's the official synopsis for 12 Years a Slave:
An Islamic Jihad operative was killed in a car explosion in the Gaza Strip late Wednesday that Palestinians said was the result of an Israeli air strike. The IDF confirmed the report.
According to military sources, the operative was responsible for the funding of the terrorist attack near Eilat last week, in which eight Israelis were killed. In addition, they were defined as a 'ticking bomb' since they were involved in planning other attacks in the south.
Latest news from Gaza front:
The Islamic Jihad identified the man as a local leader in the southern Gaza city of Rafah. A spokesperson for a medical service run by Hamas said two other people were wounded after the car was targeted by Israeli aircraft.
Remnants of the Islamic Jihad operative's car targeted overnight (Photo: Reuters)
Meanwhile, IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz on Wednesday ordered the army to step up its defenses across Israel's border with Egypt and allocated more resources to the Eilat command center following last week's attack.
The decision means that the sector will receive higher preference, among other things in the allocation of funds and manpower.
The IDF Spokesperson' Office said that the terrorist "was involved in smuggling weapons and sought to advance military operations in Sinai." The army added that "lately there have been several attempts by Gaza terrorists to carry out attacks in Sinai and that was what this operative was involved in."
Several hours after the strike, two mortar shells exploded in the Western Negev causing no injuries or damage.
The offensive prompted a senior member of the organization in Gaza, Ahmad al-Mudallal, to threaten retaliation and declare that "this crime was meant to underline that Israel only understands the language of blood and terror."
"We will take action against the enemy in a language that it understands, the language of blood," they added. "We will not ignore the crimes it commits against our people."
Also overnight, an IAF jet targeted two terrorists in Gaza after they were spotted attempting to fire rockets at southern Israel from two different locations.
Residents of the Gaza vicinity communities, meanwhlie, were once again asked to remain within a range of 15 seconds from a fortified compound. The pervious directives, which were announced after the cease-fire with the Palestinian factions in Gaza had been reached, have been cancelled.
Israel and Palestinian factions in Gaza had agreed to a ceasefire on Monday, officials said, after five days of intense cross-border violence.
Reuters and Ilana Curiel contributed to the report
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook
Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has said the experiment to combat the toxic smog in the capital will not be extended for now
The odd-even traffic experiment for Delhi will not be cancelled, the Supreme Court ruled today, with Chief Justice of India TS Thakur firmly declaring, "People are dying of pollution. The government is taking steps to control pollution. Everyone must cooperate."The Chief Justice pointed out that top judges including them have been car-pooling to work to participate in the fortnight-long trial, which bans private cars on alternate days. Cars with license plates ending in even numbers can be used on even-numbered dates. Odd-numbered cars are allowed on other dates. The trial, which began on January 1, ends tomorrow.Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has said the experiment to combat the toxic smog in the capital will not be extended for now. Their government wants time to assess the impact of the odd-even experiment on air quality.The Delhi High Court earlier this week said it would not cut short the trial; today, the top court rejected the appeal of a lawyer, who asked that the odd-even run be aborted.Critics of the odd-even policy say Delhi does not have enough public transport to allow a smooth commute if the use of cars is restricted; others claim the air quality in the city has not shown any major improvement. Pollution levels in Delhi regularly cross more than 10 times the World Health Organization's safe limits.
Try not to panic, but we're pretty sure that somewhere, poor Kristen Bell is running around completely voiceless. How else can you explain that Once Upon a Time's new "Anna," Elizabeth Lail has their EXACT SAME VOICE?!
Clearly, they pulled an Ursula and it. Is. Creepy. Amazing, but...creepy.
A week before it airs, ABC held a screening of Once's season four premiere, which is titled "A Tale of Two Sisters," for the cast, crew, fans, press and ABC suits.
Have to admit, I was hesitant about how this whole Frozen thing would go over, since it seems too soon since the movie's release to be delving into that world on TV, but the episode is thoroughly entertaining and there were more than a few twists and turns to get excited about.
Without giving too much away, here's what you need to know:
Winter Garden Mayor John Rees asked police to remove a man from a City Commission meeting Thursday night because they refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
"I just said, 'Either stand or go in the hallway.' They wouldn't," said Rees, 64, who was elected to a third, three-year term in March. "It wasn't premeditated. I just reacted. It hit me. I said it. I gave them an option. ... Life will go on."
Rees said they considered the man's refusal to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance to be disrespectful to American military troops who are serving overseas and others who have given their lives in defense of freedom.
The man was identified by City Manager Mike Bollhoefer as Joseph Richardson, 51, who has repeatedly asked the city to change its invocation policy.
According to the city's recording of the meeting, Rees asked everyone to stand first for the invocation, which is a brief ceremonial prayer or reflection that opens Winter Garden commission meetings, and then for the pledge.
"I don't think I have to," Richardson said while a crowd of 150 people stood and waited.
With Richardson seated, Commissioner Bobby Olszewski offered the invocation, asking for a blessing on the citizens and city staff. "We thank you for allowing us to be in a country where we're free to believe and think and pray," they said.
After the prayer, Rees addressed the seated Richardson.
"Now, sir, please stand while we do the pledge. You don't have to say it, but please stand," the mayor said.
When Richardson didn't rise, the mayor spoke to police Chief George A. Brennan.
"Chief, ask them to either stand or please escort them out till we get through the pledge," the mayor said.
The police chief approached Richardson and asked, "What are you going to do?"
Richardson then rose and left. They were not arrested.
Though Rees said they did not know Richardson by name, they recognized them from previous meetings as the man who sits in the front row and then leaves after the invocation and pledge. "He doesn't come to the meetings because they care about the city," Rees said.
In emails to Bollhoefer and City Clerk Kathy Golden, Richardson has asked the city to allow them to give an invocation — a duty reserved in Winter Garden for city commissioners or, on rare occasions, a clergyman picked by the mayor.
"As a resident of Winter Garden, I would like our city to be known for its inclusiveness for all points of view and its respect for all individuals," Richardson wrote in May. "Opening up the commission meeting invocations to everyone would be a wonderful step in that direction."
Richardson could not be reached today by phone or email.
Consisting of 31 words, the 122-year-old pledge has been the subject of debate and legal battles for years, including a notable one in Florida that led a federal appeals court to rule that it was unconstitutional to force students to recite — or even stand "at attention" — for the pledge.
The Florida case involved an 11th-grader at a school in Palm Beach County whose parents sued in 2005 after the teen was punished and ridiculed by their teacher for refusing to stand while their classmates recited the pledge.
The mayor of Winter Garden was wrong to require Richardson to stand, said Baylor Johnson, spokesperson for the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida.
"People are not required to participate in the Pledge of Allegiance or a sectarian prayer or any kind of compulsory expression just to attend a public meeting," they said.
"The problem with telling people they have to participate in any mandatory expression is that it tells people who might have a religious objection or other deeply held belief that, if they don't go along with what the government tells them to do, they aren't welcome in this community."
Johnson said they had not been contacted by Richardson.
The mayor's ultimatum — stand or leave — "is exactly the kind of thing we have a First Amendment to prevent," Johnson said.
The Wisconsin-based atheist group Freedom from Religion Foundation emailed the mayor and the police chief asking both to explain at the next meeting that citizens are within their rights to stay seated for the pledge.
The email said the man who was asked to leave the meeting is a member of that organization.
The group also promised to attend the commission's next meeting and vowed to stay seated during both the invocation and pledge to protest "these egregious violations of the Constitution," according to the email, sent by its staff attorney Andrew Seidel.
In their email to Rees, Seidel said the group has a video of the incident during which someone in the audience shouts, "Just stand up, man."
shudak@tribune.com or 407-650-6361. Leslie Postal contributed to this report.
Kali McGein © Eullogy-Enterprises
Riva McGein © NuisanceBearEull
This is an anniversary gift for. Admittedly a day late. Oh well.He doesn't really come to this site anymore. They may never even see this ... which is why I am going to say it all here.I really have only one requirement for the people in my life. They must be creative enough to hold my attention. To me, it's a sign of intelligence. I don't care what you look like, what sex, gender, race ... it's all about what's in your head. Nothing is more attractive to me than a rich internal world. I want to explore other people's worlds and see fascinating characters looking out at me from behind someone's eyes. Those of you who know me, know I have these traits as well ... it's richness and fascination is debatable, of course.But my husband has one of these. They have several. Some people have worlds as big as a continent with stories only a few years long. Not Josh. They have universes, dimensions, galaxies, and planets. Stories spanning billions of years. The vastness of their internal world made my few solar systems seem a little silly. When we got together, so did our universes and the people in them.... which brings me to Kali. Everyone has a character that is a little bit of their heart. That is somehow more cherished than the others. Kali is his. They did a comic which was, and NEEDS TO BE, longer than one issue. Strange Ranger. The story of Kali and their triumphs and tragedies in the war with the Machina. I think I fell in love with them a little. I don't get crushes on fictional characters often, but they were one of the very few exceptions. They were intriguing, beautiful, fit for battle and dressed for the occasion, and in all ways extraordinary. And I said, once Josh and I were together, that I would only see them paired with someone who was as wonderful for them as Josh is for me.Riva is one of my precious gems that I try to protect. They have such a good heart, can forgive almost anything, and believes that anyone can be redeemed. They have their flaws and problems like anyone else, but they transcend them in a way many don't. They love until it breaks their heart, and takes pride in lifting up the people around him. They inspire others to be the best versions of themselves they can possibly be. I had never created another character who was worthy enough to be their partner in life.Only Kali deserves Riva, and only they deserve them It's kind of like one of the best parts of Josh meeting one of the best parts of me.Yes. I am aware of how sappy and silly this sounds. Oh well.
President Trump called the Supreme Court's decision on Monday to hear arguments on the Trump administration's travel ban policy a "clear victory" for national security.
"As President, I cannot allow people into our country who want to do us harm. I want people who can love the United States and all of its citizens, and who will be hardworking and productive," said Mr. Trump in a statement.
They added, "Today's ruling allows me to use an important tool for protecting our Nation's homeland. I am also particularly gratified that the Supreme Court's decision was 9-0."
The opinion in the case was unsigned, meaning that it's not known what the breakdown was on the justices' vote. However, there were also no dissents, and that suggests that the decision to take the case is likely to have been unanimous.
Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch felt the partial reinforcement of the travel ban did not go far enough, according to a separate opinion written by Thomas and joined by Alito and Gorsuch. The three think the ban should have been reinstated in its entirety for the six countries in the ban.
Mr. Trump's comments come as the Supreme Court announced its decision on the final day of the high court's opinions. The court also moved to lift an injunction blocking the president's travel policy, effectively allowing the ban to go into effect for the six countries.
The policy would impose a 90-day pause in travel from citizens of Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and into the U.S..
The travel ban will now be argued in October.
Mr. Trump's son Donald Jr. also applauded the Court's move and criticized one lower court decision to block the ban.
SCOTUS upholds temporary travel ban. I guess the 9th circuit activism is wrong again??? #maga — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 26, 2017
The ACLU, which previously sued with the National Immigration Law Center over the ban, quickly responded to the highly anticipated decision, warning the president "we'll see them court."
BREAKING: #SCOTUS to take up Trump's Muslim ban. We'll see them in court. #NoMuslimBanEVER — ACLU National (@ACLU) June 26, 2017
Attorney General Jeff Sessions echoed Mr. Trump's statements of protecting national security, saying in a written statement, that in light of recent Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) inspired threats, it is "crucial to properly vet those seeking to coming to America" adding "failure to do so puts us all in danger."
Sessions added "The Court's decision recognizes that the Executive has the responsibility to protect the safety and security of the American people under the Constitution of the United States and its laws. The judiciary serves, pursuant to their oath, under the same Constitution and these same laws. This case raises profound questions about the proper balance of these constitutional powers, and we are eager to advance our views on these important issues."
Meanwhile, Jay Sekulow, a member of Mr. Trump's legal team, told Fox Business Network that the legal decision should be viewed as a "big win" for the White House.
"The only thing they did not put the ban in place for, the travel restrictions for, was a very limited situation with the mother of the U.S. citizen. So, it's a very narrow carve out, but the timing the procedures, the 90 day- the waiting period, the hold back, all of those have been deemed constitutional," said Sekulow on Fox Business Network's "Varney & Co."
The country had been waiting for the court to make its decision public about the biggest legal controversy in the first five months of Mr. Trump's presidency. The Supreme Court usually saves its most important decisions for the final day of the term. The issue has been tied up in the courts since their original order in January sparked confusion and widespread protests just days after they took office.
It would have taken five votes to reinstate the ban, but it only took four to set the case for argument. Justice Neil Gorsuch, Mr. Trump's nominee who was confirmed in April, took part in the highest-profile issue yet in their three months on the court.
CBS News' Jan Crawford contributed to this report.
Terry McAuliffe raised nearly $2 million in June, nearly double that of opponent Ken Cuccinelli II, in the race to become Virginia's next governor. McAuliffe now has more than twice as much to spend with less than four months to go until the November contest.
McAuliffe's campaign said they raised $1.9 million for the month and $5.6 million in the second quarter of the year (an earlier report covered April and May). The business person and Democratic nominee had $6 million in the bank as of June 30.
McAuliffe's main foe, Attorney General Cuccinelli (R), reported raising $1.1 million in June and $3.3 million for the quarter, with $2.7 million in cash on hand.
Reports for political action committees and candidates in all Virginia races were due to the State Board of Elections by 5 p.m. Monday. Campaign totals were made available by the Virginia Public Access Project.
McAuliffe, a former Democratic National Committee chairperson with close ties to Bill and Hillary Rodham Clinton, has consistently outraised Cuccinelli since they entered the race and has touted their ability to attract some donors who have backed Republicans — including Gov. Robert F. McDonnell (R) — in the past.
“It's clear that Virginians want a governor like Terry McAuliffe who will focus on mainstream ideas to strengthen and diversify the economy, and not someone who puts their own extreme social agenda first even if it's not in the best interest of Virginia,” McAuliffe spokesperson Josh Schwerin said in a news release accompanying the fundraising numbers.
The release also noted that 78 percent of McAuliffe's June contributors hailed from Virginia, and 88 percent gave $100 or less.
Cuccinelli's camp has conceded that McAuliffe would likely be the superior fundraiser, given their background, but contends that the Republican will have more than enough cash to run a competitive contest. Cuccinelli has been outraised in their past races for the General Assembly and attorney general and always prevailed at the ballot box.
“The great support we had this month proves Ken Cuccinelli's positive message of growing the economy, creating jobs and easing the regulatory burdens on middle-class families is resonating in Virginia,” campaign manager Dave Rexrode said in a statement.
The two parties split fundraising victories in the down-ballot statewide contests.
Democratic state Sen. Ralph Northam of Norfolk continues to lead the fundraising contest in the lieutenant governor's race, reporting raising $226,000 in June, with more than $106,000 in cash on hand.
Though they were outraised, E.W. Jackson appeared to build on their momentum after emerging victorious at the GOP nominating convention in May. The Chesapeake minister and Republican nominee for lieutenant governor reported raising $118,000 in June, with $90,000 in cash on hand.
Republican attorney general candidate Mark Obenshain reported raising nearly $480,000 in June, beating the record previously set by Cuccinelli in 2009 of nearly $292,000, and far outraising their competitor. The Harrisonburg state senator reported having $487,044 in cash on hand.
Democrat Mark Herring, a state senator from Loudoun, reported raising $206,000, with $127,000 in cash on hand.
Republicans have dominated the contest for attorney general — seen as a stepping stone to higher office — for a generation, but Democrats are hoping to reverse the trend this year.
By Marcelo Claure, President & CEO, Sprint
This weekend a customer at a dealer store in Manassas, Virginia, insulted another customer by using profane, threatening and ugly language.
A video of the exchange was posted to Twitter and has been viewed by millions. I and thousands of my Sprint colleagues were disgusted by what we saw.
This behavior violates a fundamental Sprint value of treating everyone with respect.
Unfortunately, we're seeing an increase in hate speech like this across the country. No one deserves to hear this kind of language.
This has got to stop. It's time to talk. It's time to learn. It's time to heal.
That's why I'm inviting this woman and their husband to meet privately with me so I can better understand what drives comments and behavior like this. I'd like to share my views with them as well.
I also invite the customer they attacked, Juan, to meet with me.
This kind of behavior is not tolerated in any Sprint workplace. We value our diverse customer base and thousands of minority employees. We will confront head-on those who violate the respect that our customers and employees deserve.
We've worked hard at Sprint to create and maintain a welcoming, respectful and diverse culture. My 30,000 employees join me in standing up for our core values and not tolerating such inappropriate behavior. We will not compromise our principles by allowing divisive or hateful language to go unchecked in our stores or offices.
Rochdale, Rotherham, Derby, Oxford. The towns change, but the pattern is always the same. Gangs of men, mainly of Pakistani Muslim heritage, lure white girls as young as 10 with gifts and displays of affection. Next, the girl is raped as a way of “breaking them in”. Once the child's spirit is subdued, and their mind fogged with drugs, they are sold for sex to multiple men at £200 a time. If the girl tries to break away, a gang member might threaten to behead them or firebomb their home. Mohammed Karrar, who was found guilty in the Oxford sex-grooming case this week, took a scalding hairpin and branded one girl so they would know they were their property. Later, the gang gave the same girl a DIY abortion. They were 12 years old. And this, all this, is happening in Britain now.
In a particularly warped twist, the pimp will teach their victim that their parents are racist towards Asians, which is why they disapprove of their relationship – absolutely nothing, of course, to do with them being a violent, controlling thug. Gang members have grown wise to the wimpy ways of Western society. They exploit the fact that police, newly trained in “cultural sensitivity”, are terrified of being accused of racism. So the pimps operate with impunity until, years later, the slave girls find the courage to testify in court against their masters.
We all know what happens next, don't we? Leaders of the Pakistani Muslim community – essentially a Victorian society that has landed like Doctor Who's Tardis on a liberal, permissive planet it despises – are at pains to deny that the grooming gang's behaviour has anything to do with ethnic origin or contemptible attitudes towards women.
Then Sue Berelowitz, the lamentably foolish deputy children's commissioner, trots out their lame line that Asian men targeting white girls is “just one of a number of models”, even though such “models” account for an improbably large proportion of all gang sexual abuse. Did Berelowitz not hear Nazir Afzal, Chief Crown Prosecutor for North West England, when they blamed “imported cultural baggage” for appalling crimes by members of their own community? “The men think that women are some lesser being,” they said.
The chief constable who was in charge while all that torture and rape was going on in Oxford appeared on Radio 4's Today programme yesterday and said that they took “full responsibility” for shocking police failures. But, no, Sara Thornton, head of Thames Valley Police, would not be resigning. Why ever not?
Because saying you take responsibility is the new not taking responsibility, stupid. All that remains is for the panel on tonight's Question Time to do a little gentle hand-wringing about the Oxford horrors before it concludes that no particular group is implicated in these vile, misogynistic crimes. And, once again, the fear of racism will have trumped sexism, and hundreds of young girls – or the “hollow shells” of girls, as one tearful copper called them – will be betrayed. Then we can all sit back comfortably and wait till the next hideous court case comes along, probably in Bradford, where at least 30 men have been arrested in the past few months over child sex-grooming allegations. Sue Berelowitz may believe the perpetrators could turn out to be Buddhist podiatrists. But I wouldn't count on it.
At least some good has come from this spate of incredibly distressing cases. Those brutalised young women have not testified against their tormentors in vain. Courageous Muslim writers and community workers have spoken out with repugnance and great moral clarity. Kris Hopkins, the MP for Keighley and Ilkley, believes the police crackdown in Bradford reveals that the political correctness that made the authorities reluctant to act in the past is gone.
Maybe. But what remains is a political class still far too timid to challenge growing and alarming separatism in Muslim education and law. It is 30 years since I first taught English to Bangladeshi women in their flats in Tower Hamlets, and I still remember how those smiley, interested ladies shrank and cowered when their husbands came home. Only one thing can permanently change the misogynist behaviour of certain Pakistani men and that is the education and empowerment of their daughters. Female emancipation drags societies with even the darkest attitudes towards the light. But what hope is there of those girls getting the education and status they need to take their men to task?
Back in January, there was a profoundly disturbing case at Nottingham Crown Court. Adil Rashid, who had “raped” an underage girl, was spared a prison term after the judge heard that the naïve 18-year-old attended an Islamic faith school where they were taught that women are worthless. Rashid told psychologists they had no idea that having sex with a willing 13-year-old was against the law; besides, their education had taught them to believe that “women are no more worthy than a lollipop that has been dropped on the ground”.
If the fresh-faced Rashid had picked up that view in a madrassa in Karachi it would be profoundly depressing, though not surprising. But the school they attended was in Birmingham, for heaven's sake! Although it cannot be named for “legal reasons”, the school is voluntary-aided – mainly funded by the taxpayer. At this hugely popular Islamic school, where a majority of pupils are from a Pakistani background, boys and girls are taught in separate classes; a segregation policy no normal comprehensive could get away with.
Rashid's barrister said: “The school they attended, it is not going too far to say, can be described as a closed community.” So, the defence against a rape charge by a young Muslim living in 21st-century Britain was not just ignorance of the law (which should be no defence at all). It was that the law and, indeed, the values of the wider country, were irrelevant in their Islamic school, even though it was a state institution funded by citizens who would go straight to jail if, for instance, they tried to have sex with a child.
The fact that the judge accepted Rashid's defence shows what a god-awful mess this country has got itself into over multiculturalism.
I reckon Britons in a hundred years' time will look back at us in outraged astonishment for allowing Islamic schools to flout the laws of the land and teach boys that women are worthless. All Islamic schools should be obliged to introduce mixed-sex classes, so boys can learn at first hand that girls are their equals, or those schools should be closed.
If you teach boys that a female is no better than a lollipop that has been dropped on the ground, eventually you produce a pimp who thinks that you break a girl's spirit as though they were a horse, before branding them with your initial. That man and those attitudes have no place, no place at all, in Britain now.
Based on the recommendations of the Consultative Group, the President of the Human Rights Council, Choi Kyonglim, proposed Tomás Ojea Quintana for the position of Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK). The Human Rights Council approved the appointment on 1 July 2016 during its most recent session in Geneva. On August 1, 2016, their first day as UN Special Rapporteur, we wish to congratulate Tomás Ojea Quintana as they officially take up their mandate today.
Mr. Ojea Quintana spoke to HRNK Senior Advisor Christine Chung in their first interview as the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the DPRK.
Q1: Many people interested in North Korean human rights have been asking me about you. Could you tell readers a little bit about your background?
First, thank you for this opportunity to talk to those people who are interested in the situation of those living in North Korea, the DPRK. I have been a human rights lawyer for over 20 years. I have worked in different trials in respect to human rights abuses committed during the military times here in Argentina. I also worked for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in Bolivia, and I have covered issues regarding reproductive and sexual rights. From 2008 to 2014, I was the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, which took a lot of my time but was very rewarding. Ojea Quintana:First, thank you for this opportunity to talk to those people who are interested in the situation of those living in North Korea, the DPRK. I have been a human rights lawyer for over 20 years. I have worked in different trials in respect to human rights abuses committed during the military times here in Argentina. I also worked for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in Bolivia, and I have covered issues regarding reproductive and sexual rights. From 2008 to 2014, I was the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, which took a lot of my time but was very rewarding.
Currently, I am a professor—I teach human rights. I also continue working as a human rights attorney in Argentina in different cases. At the moment, I am working on a trial regarding the involvement of an automobile company as an accomplice to the military regime in crimes against humanity. And last month, I was honored by the Human Rights Council that appointed me as Special Rapporteur for the DPRK. I am very committed to giving my utmost effort for the improvement of the human rights situation in the DPRK.
Q2: What motivated you to take on this challenging new mandate?
As I mentioned, I have been the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar in the recent past for six years. It was a very important and relevant experience working with this United Nations human rights mechanism. I believe that the appointment of country rapporteurs to let UN members know about the situation of the people inside the country is very effective. My experience in Myanmar shows that you can get progress in different areas around the country in respect to the human rights of the people living there. OQ:As I mentioned, I have been the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar in the recent past for six years. It was a very important and relevant experience working with this United Nations human rights mechanism. I believe that the appointment of country rapporteurs to let UN members know about the situation of the people inside the country is very effective. My experience in Myanmar shows that you can get progress in different areas around the country in respect to the human rights of the people living there.
The former Special Rapporteur on the DPRK and other UN human rights mechanisms made considerable effort into seeking ways to improve the human rights of the people living in the DPRK. This is for me an extraordinary challenge because there is excellent work that has been done by the former Rapporteur and others. The situation inside the country, according to their reports, is critical in many aspects. For me, working for many years to improve human rights around the world, this is a new challenge. I am happy to get involved in this, trying to contribute to the efforts of so many civil society organizations that have been working throughout the years trying to put onto the UN agenda the problems of the common people in the DPRK who are suffering. I am motivated by this. I hope to contribute to improving the lives of people in the DPRK.
Q3: Do you see parallels between the situations in the DPRK and Myanmar?
Myanmar has been ruled by a military regime for 40 years. During my mandate, starting in 2008 and ending in 2014, throughout those years I could establish that there was at that time a pattern of gross and systematic human rights abuses that entailed crimes against humanity in Myanmar. Therefore, we can draw a parallel between Myanmar and the DPRK since the latest reports, especially those coming from the Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the DPRK (COI), also showed patterns of human rights abuses in DPRK which were considered by the COI as crimes against humanity. OQ:Myanmar has been ruled by a military regime for 40 years. During my mandate, starting in 2008 and ending in 2014, throughout those years I could establish that there was at that time a pattern of gross and systematic human rights abuses that entailed crimes against humanity in Myanmar. Therefore, we can draw a parallel between Myanmar and the DPRK since the latest reports, especially those coming from the Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the DPRK (COI), also showed patterns of human rights abuses in DPRK which were considered by the COI as crimes against humanity.
Let me speak about another parallel: the fact that Myanmar was for many years also an isolated country, isolated from the international community where human rights rapporteurs were unable to visit the country. For a combination of factors, this changed. I had a chance then to visit Myanmar many times; I visited at least nine times. I traveled all over the country. I visited political prisoners, and at the same time, I had the opportunity to meet with the authorities, which is always very relevant when addressing a human rights situation.
In fact, the ideal of cooperation is central for Special Rapporteurs. Now this seems to be a very critical difference between Myanmar and DPRK, since the authorities of North Korea throughout the years haven't shown a willingness to cooperate with UN rapporteurs. This, of course, will be a challenge. You may know that when the Human Rights Council of the United Nations appoints Special Rapporteurs, they ask them not only to report to it, but to do this through the principle of cooperation, which is a very important principle in the UN Charter. This has been a critical difficulty in respect to the DPRK. This is a clear difference between Myanmar and DPRK, since Myanmar nowadays has opened to the international community and has even changed from a military regime to a civilian government.
Q4: How are you planning to approach the particular challenges of the DPRK mandate?
The very first element that a Special Rapporteur has to show to the concerned parties, in this case the authorities of the DPRK, is independence and impartiality. Of course, my predecessors and members of the COI have been holding this important attitude. But I'm a new Rapporteur, so the first step is to show independence and impartiality in respect to the situation. OQ:The very first element that a Special Rapporteur has to show to the concerned parties, in this case the authorities of the DPRK, is independence and impartiality. Of course, my predecessors and members of the COI have been holding this important attitude. But I'm a new Rapporteur, so the first step is to show independence and impartiality in respect to the situation.
And then there is a question of strategy to try to engage those stakeholders who can somehow influence the DPRK authorities to reconsider their policy towards UN human rights mechanisms including the Rapporteurs, to influence them to start cooperating as it might be to their benefit because cooperation means a willingness to offer assistance, to offer help, in addressing human rights problems. This is something that is difficult. Don't forget that rapporteurs have mandates from the Human Rights Council for six years, so it is a necessity to think in not only the short term but also the long term for strategy. Bearing in mind the importance of cooperation, it's my main task to provide a voice to those who suffer human rights abuses on the ground. That's basically our main mandate as Special Rapporteurs: to report independently and impartially about the suffering, the human rights abuses, by those living in the country. A strategy of cooperation can never compromise that important mandate.
Q5: As you know, there are almost 30,000 North Koreans now residing in South Korea, while a significant number of North Korean citizens labor overseas in conditions that have been characterized as forced labor. How would they fit into your strategy?
The mandate from the Human Rights Council is to address the human rights situation inside North Korea, inside DPRK, so this might show a limitation in terms of territoriality. The problem of addressing a human rights situation is that usually this encompasses different factors that come from different places around the world. In this case, it is clear that the situation of those workers from North Korea who leave the country to work overseas, according to some reports under the worst of conditions, including in countries in Europe and Asia then return to the DPRK, will be of interest. The agenda in this respect includes dialogue and engagement with countries that somehow have connections with the people from the DPRK. As to how, this is something that I need to work on. As a preliminary view, I would say it is in my interest as the Special Rapporteur on the DPRK to listen to those other governments and stakeholders who have this kind of connection with people from the DPRK. OQ:The mandate from the Human Rights Council is to address the human rights situation inside North Korea, inside DPRK, so this might show a limitation in terms of territoriality. The problem of addressing a human rights situation is that usually this encompasses different factors that come from different places around the world. In this case, it is clear that the situation of those workers from North Korea who leave the country to work overseas, according to some reports under the worst of conditions, including in countries in Europe and Asia then return to the DPRK, will be of interest. The agenda in this respect includes dialogue and engagement with countries that somehow have connections with the people from the DPRK. As to how, this is something that I need to work on. As a preliminary view, I would say it is in my interest as the Special Rapporteur on the DPRK to listen to those other governments and stakeholders who have this kind of connection with people from the DPRK.
Q6: What's your game plan for the first year?
At the moment, I am looking into all the information regarding the past but, more importantly, the current human rights situation of the people living in the DPRK. While looking into that kind of information, I am also following crucial developments in respect to the nuclear and ballistic weapons tests in the DPRK and the repercussions from those actions on South Korea, but also in the region OQ:At the moment, I am looking into all the information regarding the past but, more importantly, the current human rights situation of the people living in the DPRK. While looking into that kind of information, I am also following crucial developments in respect to the nuclear and ballistic weapons tests in the DPRK and the repercussions from those actions on South Korea, but also in the region . I have not yet defined a clear strategy for the long term. My next commitment is to present a report in New York to the members of the United Nations at the General Assembly. I'm starting to work on that, bearing in mind and considering the extraordinary work of my recent predecessor, Marzuki Darusman, and the Commission of Inquiry, which had defined a clear agenda that I will, of course, consider in my next report.
I think there's opportunity with a new stakeholder coming from another region of the world, from South America—I'm based in Buenos Aires, I live in Argentina. There's the possibility for a new stakeholder from this region, with no connection in the past to North or South Korea, to bring new opportunities for new strategies for the important goal of improvements for those living in the DPRK, to look into the situation of the prisons, to see if there are chances to improve the situation of the people in terms of access to economic, social and cultural rights, particularly in terms of access to health and access to food, and other important human rights issues. In terms of achievements, what Special Rapporteurs would always like to see are improvements in these different areas. I believe these types of improvements in the end will help bring peace to the region and particularly on the Korean peninsula.
Solid Snake will return on a new game engine.
After years of speculation, Metal Gear Solid creator Hideo Kojima has announced that the fifth entry in the series is officially on the way. The game will feature their studio's in-house FOX Engine, and may even introduce Deus Ex-inspired conversation trees to the series.
"On the topic of Metal Gear Solid 5, I can tell you two things," Kojima told the French publisher IG Magazine. "There will be more infiltration, spying, and convincing people to do you 'a favor' than in the previous MGS. I loved the idea of the social interactions in Deus Ex: Human Revolution that we've seen. And if I say more about it, the ninja PR woman behind the door will chop me into pieces."
Kojima also noted that the new game will not be directly connected to the upcoming Metal Gear Rising. "Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance never pretended to be Metal Gear Solid," Kojima said. "It's not a game about our beloved Solid Snake. It's a spin-off that tries something different. We haven't seen the last of Solid Snake, despite the fact that I wanted to let them die at the end of Guns of the Patriots."
The addition of conversation trees would be a welcome addition to the series. Since the biggest criticism of MGS4 was its lengthy cutscenes, replacing them with social interactions players can control would go a long way towards restoring a sense of agency for the series. The concept is also a natural fit for a series dealing with stealth and infiltration, as Deus Ex: Human Revolution proved.
MGS5 will use Kojima Productions' FOX Engine, although Kojima notes that the final game will not include content from previous FOX demos. No release dates have been announced, but as the game is still in its planning stages, it would be reasonable to assume that we won't see it this console cycle.
Source: Gamekyo via Gameranx
Thanks to Marshall Honorof for the English translation.
Andrey Pavlov is a professor of finance at the Beedie School of Business, Simon Fraser University. Tsur Somerville is associate professor at the UBC Centre for Urban Economics and Real Estate
On June 29, B.C. Premier Christy Clark announced steps to combat fraudulent and unethical behaviour in the B.C. real estate industry. The proposed policies to strengthen consumer protection and confidence are absolutely the right thing do. Purchasing or selling a home is among the most significant financial decisions we make. It comes with enough risk and stress in the best of circumstances. We should not also have to worry about the integrity of the agents who are supposed to be working in our best interests.
But these measures will not dent Vancouver's housing affordability crisis. It is not unethical behaviour or fraud that makes prices here sky-high. They are astronomical because there is an ultimate buyer willing to pay these prices. To improve affordability, both governments and we, the public, have to make changes that address each of the different contributing factors to current market conditions: foreign capital, local demand, and constraints on supply.
Story continues below advertisement
The inflow of foreign capital contributes to rising prices. In recent joint work, we found that neighbourhoods favoured by immigrants with wealth have higher rates of house price appreciation than do other neighbourhoods. But addressing foreign purchasers of local real estate as investment requires different policies than those for immigrant owners who do not declare their worldwide income on Canadian tax returns. And these are different again from those for non-local purchasers who use their Vancouver house for periodic residence. All of these require federal and provincial action. There are also domestic investors who leave units vacant. A vacant unit has the same effect on the housing market whether the owner is local or foreign.
Beyond foreign investment, the federal government has an additional large share of culpability. Rock-bottom Bank of Canada interest rates make it easy for buyers to stretch themselves. The growth in the largely unregulated sub-prime sector adds leverage. Some banks offer loans to non-residents with no need to prove local income. For years federal government policy has ensured that debt for home purchases would be extremely cheap and plentiful in Canada, all of which has fuelled demand.
Local and provincial governments are also responsible. Our completely insufficient transportation infrastructure prevents us from using land as effectively as we could. This precludes us from spreading density more broadly. Add to that protected agricultural land, and we willingly rule out the increase in effective land supply that would normally occur. Cumbersome development guidelines, restrictive zoning, and a slow and often arbitrary rezoning and permitting process, make it difficult and expensive to increase supply in any reasonable period. Fundamentally these policies reflect public opposition to market-driven change.
Finally, there are demographics and parental wealth. Millennials are forming households and entering their home-purchase years, ramping up demand, especially for core urban locations. Despite their incomes, many young families are able to place large down payments to pay prices that seem beyond their means. They can do so because decades of house-price appreciation have left their grandparents and parents flush with home equity, which is often the support for these down payments.
To resolve the Vancouver affordability crisis we need a broad set of policies that deal with all of these factors. Politicians eager to give speeches on affordability should first ensure that they are not contributing to the problem. Residents complaining about affordability should ask which policies that would improve market-wide housing affordability they have opposed in their own neighbourhoods. And we all have to be honest about the costs and benefits of being a more connected global city. Hopefully, we will do this with reason, working towards consensus, each sacrificing something for the communal good. Or, we can wait until something happens to China, or to interest rates, or to the Canadian economy, or to any of the numerous other factors that are propping up this market. This will solve the problem, but we will have no say in the solution.
HAR ADAR, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian man with security clearance to work at a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank opened fire at a checkpoint on Tuesday, killing two Israeli security guards and a paramilitary police officer.
The assailant, who was armed with a pistol and also seriously wounded a fourth Israeli, was shot dead, police said.
The incident was unusual in that the 37-year-old man had been issued an Israeli work permit - a process that entails security vetting - unlike most of the Palestinians involved in a wave of street attacks that began two years ago.
A police spokesperson said the gunman approached Har Adar among a group of Palestinians who work at the settlement, and aroused the suspicion of guards at the entrance checkpoint.
Challenged to halt, the Palestinian “opened their shirt, drew a pistol and fired at the security staff and troopers at close range,” the spokesperson said.
Residents of the settlement told Israeli media the man worked as a cleaner. One of them, Moish Berdichev, said they had domestic problems - their wife had left them - and speculated they may have carried out the attack knowing they would not survive.
“He was a guy with a good head on their shoulders. It's a shame. Very sad,” Berdichev told Army Radio.
Slideshow (12 Images)
The Shin Bet internal security service identified the man as Nimr Jamal and said they had “severe personal and family issues, including domestic violence”.
The man lived in the nearby Palestinian village of Beit Suriq, the police said.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in public remarks to their cabinet that the man's house would be demolished and any work permits issued to their relatives would be revoked.
Just about everything you see on TV is presented by one of a handful of media conglomerates. A similarly small number of telecommunication companies provides your cable service. If you have Comcast and you're watching NBC, the content and the delivery infrastructure are owned by the same people. This tiny world will concentrate further if regulators approve AT&T's acquisition of Time Warner.
The internet was supposed to alleviate this. Instead, it may compound it. Amazon, Facebook, Google, and a handful of others are displacing media companies and telcos. They already host much of the content you consume, and produce more and more of it. They own much of the infrastructure carrying that data, and they're starting to sell Internet access.
These tech titans didn't plan to take down the telcos. But they depend upon you having fast, reliable internet, so they're bringing everything in-house. This promises to make things drastically better for you as a consumer, so if you hate big telecoms, you'll feel schadenfreude at their demise. But you might end up with more of the same as the new guard becomes the old guard.
May the Best Signal Win
You've probably heard about Google Fiber and its shift toward wireless Internet over fiber-optic cables. Google Fi mobile service could be even more radical. Instead of building cell towers, Google resells access to Sprint and T-Mobile networks. Companies like Cricket and TracFone do this too, but Google-Fi lets your phone use the best signal available at any moment.
Granted, most mobile devices hop among networks as you roam—but only if your carrier's signal is unavailable. If you've got one lousy bar of signal with your carrier, tough luck. Traditional roaming won't let you switch to another carrier's stronger signal. Google-Fi offers the best signal, period, no matter where you are.
That could change the economics of wireless service. Instead of signing up with a single carrier, you'd sign up with a broker—called a mobile virtual network provider—and use the best network available. Today's carriers would become invisible wholesalers competing to offer access at the cheapest rates. That could save you big money while providing superior service.
Falling in Line
The big carriers will resist this, of course, but it creates opportunities for smaller players like Artemis Networks. The company created a wireless network using what it calls pCell technology. Traditionally, it would have to offer people service plans, just like AT&T and Verizon. Instead, founder Steve Perlman plans to sell the service to virtual network providers.
Google is also building a service that would let people connect to public Wi-Fi using a common login. Obviously, a blanket of public WiFi connections will make Google-Fi more viable. But before Google can stitch this massive network together, others must build pieces of that network. That's where Facebook comes in.
Earlier this year, Facebook unveiled networking gear designed to beam the internet into remote locations and dense urban areas. It isn't interested in becoming an internet service provider; instead it sees others using these open source tools to deliver high-speed wireless internet to new areas.
As new technologies and expanded access to the wireless spectrum drive down the cost of operating cell services, Google and other wireless brokers will be able to create nationwide–even worldwide–networks. That would make wireless service a commodity and shift the balance of power from incumbents like AT&T to companies like Google.
Dark Fiber
Even if tech companies don't wrest wireless service from the telco's grasp, they can weaken the giants in other ways. Amazon, Facebook and Google have long built their data centers and leased or bought unused fiber-optic infrastructure–so-called "dark fiber"–to connect them, bypassing traditional telcos.
This has big implications. Amazon, for example, runs what most experts consider the world's biggest cloud hosting service. Untold numbers of apps and websites rely upon this service to carry their data. Traditional telcos have no part of that. Google and Facebook hope to lure more companies into hosting content on their AMP and Instant Articles services, respectively.
It's hard to determine the scale of this private infrastructure. The Wall Street Journal reported in 2013 that Google had about 100,000 miles miles of fiber-optic routes–far more than Sprint's 40,000 miles. Meanwhile, the research firm Telegeography reports that private networks account for about 60 percent of trans-Atlantic data traffic. If Amazon, Google and Facebook don't already control more telecommunications infrastructure than the largest national telcos, they soon will.
Oligopoly
Put it all together and you can see a day when you're watching content that Google produced disseminated via infrastructure that Google owns on a phone that Google made using wireless service Google brokered.
Many people find this appealing. It's hard to find an industry loathed more than telcos, which have a reputation for lousy service, opaque billing, and rising rates. Tech companies, on the other hand, generally are seen as innovators. And they're making things better. Comcast and AT&T already offer faster connections in areas where they compete with Google Fiber.
Google-Fi, Amazon's rumored Internet service and Facebook's open source hardware could spur greater innovation from entrenched telcos. The risk, of course, is that those tech companies simply replace telcos as the new oligopoly.
In NASL title game, Cosmos have the history, Deltas the home field
If the San Francisco Deltas are to win the North American Soccer League title in their first season, it's only fitting that they will have to beat the league's most storied club to do so.
The Deltas will face off against the defending champion New York Cosmos in the NASL championship game at Kezar Stadium at 5 p.m. Sunday.
The Cosmos are arguably the most famous American soccer team. During their first iteration in the original NASL in the 1970s and '80s, the Cosmos fielded some of the most famous players in the world, including Brazil's Pele, Germany's Franz Beckenbauer and Italy's Giorgio Chinaglia.
The original Cosmos folded with the NASL in 1985. In 2013, the brand was reborn in the newly reconfigured NASL, which is the second division of soccer in the United States below MLS. The Cosmos have been just as ambitious since restarting, even bringing on Spanish star Raul for their first three seasons. They have won three of the past four league championships.
Meanwhile, the Deltas have been a success on the field but averaged just under 2,600 fans per game during the regular season and are reportedly going to lose several million dollars. Sunday night's championship game might be the team's final chance to attract the support of Bay Area sports fans.
San Francisco Deltas forward Tommy Heinemann and the New York Cosmos Dejan Jakovica fight for a header at Kezar Stadium in San Francisco, CA on April 29, 2017. San Francisco Deltas forward Tommy Heinemann and the New York Cosmos Dejan Jakovica fight for a header at Kezar Stadium in San Francisco, CA on April 29, 2017. Photo: Robert Edwards, Robert Edwards-Robtography Photo: Robert Edwards, Robert Edwards-Robtography Image 1 of / 10 Captions Close In NASL title game, Cosmos have the history, Deltas the home field 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
“As a first-year expansion club, it's a dream come true. We're excited that we get to play at home and go for our first title,” said Deltas midfielder Tyler Gibson, who scored the winning goal in the team's semifinal against North Carolina FC to advance San Francisco to the title game, also known as the Soccer Bowl.
San Francisco has been one of the most consistent teams in the league, losing only two of its final 16 regular-season games. New York endured a nine-game winless streak in August and September before turning its fortunes around in the last month of the regular season. The Cosmos went undefeated in their final six games to secure the final playoff spot.
The teams have met four times this season. In the spring season, New York defeated San Francisco 1-0 in April at Kezar, and the Deltas earned a scoreless draw in May in New York.
In an August fall-season game, the Deltas got goals from defender Patrick Hopkins and Tommy Heinemann (on a penalty kick) for a 2-1 victory.
The team's last game on Sept. 20 in New York was their most dramatic. The Deltas fell behind by two goals and went down a man when Michael Stephens was shown a red card in the 61st minute. But San Francisco responded, with striker Devon Sandoval scoring two goals in the last 10 minutes to secure a draw.
The championship game will be a matchup of two of the best soccer minds in America, Cosmos head coach Giovanni Savarese and Deltas head coach Marc Dos Santos.
“We respect each other a lot,” said Dos Santos. “We both are very passionate about our group of players, very passionate about our teams, and that's it. When the game starts, that friendship doesn't need to be there, and the one that deserves it more will win the game.”
There is a chance that Sunday's game could be the last for the league. In August, the NASL's Division 2 status was revoked by the United States Soccer Federation. The league is fighting the decision in federal court, but its petition for a preliminary injunction to keep It's sanctioning for next season was denied.
During the preliminary injunction hearing, it became public that the Deltas have not committed to playing next season. Cosmos owner Rocco Commisso has said they will keep the team alive only if the NASL continues to have Division 2 status.
Douglas Zimmerman covers soccer for The Chronicle's free website, SFGate.com.
Sunday's game
Who: New York Cosmos vs. San Francisco Deltas
What: The Soccer Bowl, the NASL's title game
Where: Kezar Stadium
When: 5 p.m.
It's the legitimate upgrade. Yes. – By saying – 2.0 – I mean it was always the intended upgrade from the moment Satoshi Nakamoto released Bitcoin's source code into the wild.
Let's take a look back at memory lane.
Going back to the original Bitcoin source code as provided by Satoshi Nakamoto. Satoshi placed a crucial, and vital piece of ‘commented' information.
The comment on line 2249 of the main.cpp file contains the comment “Transaction fee requirements, mainly only needed for flood control”. This was an early spam mitigation strategy, a useful limiter during the bootstrapping phase of the project.
“Cryddit” also once stated that they “went over the blockchain stuff in Satoshi's first cut of the bitcoin code. Satoshi didn't have a 1MB limit in it.” They continued “The limit was originally Hal Finney's idea. Both Satoshi and I objected that it wouldn't scale at 1MB. Hal was concerned about a potential DoS attack though, and after discussion, Satoshi agreed. The 1MB limit was there by the time Bitcoin launched. But all 3 of us agreed that 1MB had to be temporary because it would never scale.”
The last two words in their paragraph couldn't have been closer to the truth.
Segwit after three months has failed to scale BTC. The very idea, that the Bitcoin network can only handle a tiny number of transactions globally is embarrassing. More than half the population of the world cannot use it. They have been excluded by elitist mindsets.
“But Blockstream launched a satellite to make Bitcoin accessible to people in Africa” I hear you say. Well what's the point!? – Many won't be able to use it at $5+ a transaction. Let me state that Fees are on the rise. And they will continue to rise in the face of ever growing popularity.
The transaction rate gets compounded for wanting to cash out. If someone needs to send you $10 USD, and they pay a $5 fee, only to have a $5 to revert back to fiat in the case of wanting to cash out, then you have the total amount of transaction lost in fees on both ends.
Right now, many people will turn a blind eye to these warnings… The price is going up after-all and everyone is happy. Uh, that's the problem.
Everything is well and good while everyone is making money, and its much easier to ignore warning signs when the status quo looks so good!
“There's a storm coming”. When will it hit land, I can't say – but it's on the horizon, and some people see it.
As fees grow, there will be a trade-off at some point. The current state is absolutely non-viable in the long-term and something has to give.
The upgrade to Bitcoin to fix this problem has already happened. It's called Bitcoin Cash (BCH). The upgrade isn't some defection as some might like to have you believe. It is in fact, 100% consistent with the intended development that Satoshi, and early developers had. Segwit (BTC) changed things, not Bitcoin Cash (BCH).
Even Core developers and supporters in the early days were completely onboard with adjusting the blocksize to enable more transactions.
Censorship champion and Core moderator ‘Theymos' is quoted as saying “Satoshi definitely intended to increase the hard max block size” in January of 2013- link
Theymos again: “I strongly disagree with the idea that changing the max block size is a violation of the “Bitcoin currency guarantees”. Satoshi said that the max block size could be increased, and the max block size is never mentioned in any of the standard descriptions of the Bitcoin system… …I'd like the limit to be set in a more decentralized, free-market way than a fixed constant in the code, though.” – link
Blockstream CEO Adam Back also once tweeted “Strongly agree. My suggestion 2MB now, then 4MB in 2 years and 8MB in 4years then re-asses.”.
So according to Adam's own tweet, today we should have had “4MB” effective capacity, but instead they are fighting to against an effective Segwit with 2MB movement…
So… I mean… what happened?
Bitcoin Cash has done everything true to original scaling plans for Bitcoin. No deviation whatsoever. Satoshi's post on the matter, suggested a hard fork to raise the blocksize limit.
Unfortunately, Satoshi did not stick around to see their suggested upgrade take place. With their departure, there was a power vacuum, and the scaling roadmap was hijacked.
Those that hijacked the project's direction, have moved to aggressively to attack the legitimate upgrade, and attempted to delegitimize it as an altcoin by pushing the “BCash” agenda. This is an intentional move to sabotage the upgrade.
Today Bitcoin (BCH) enables far more capacity, and will continue to scale to increase capacity, as needed, so that we are “way ahead” (as Satoshi put it), of the congestion point.
This upcoming weekend will feature some very interesting news at the Scaling Bitcoin conference concerning the results of the gigablock testnet. I look forward to sharing the details with you.
Eli Afram
@justicemate
Note: Tokens on the Bitcoin Core (SegWit) chain are referenced as BTC coins; tokens on the Bitcoin Cash ABC chain are referenced as BCH, BCH-ABC or BAB coins.
Bitcoin Satoshi Vision (BSV) is today the only Bitcoin project that follows the original Satoshi Nakamoto whitepaper, and that follows the original Satoshi protocol and design. BSV is the only public blockchain that maintains the original vision for Bitcoin and will massively scale to become the world's new money and enterprise blockchain.
STILLWATER, Okla. -- Bob Stoops didn't have to say a word.
The white "2015 Conference Champions" hat adorned with the Big 12's logo provided the dialogue. The crimson-clad Sooner fans who made the short trek to Stillwater flooded the northeast corner of Boone Pickens Stadium and cheered them as they held aloft their prize.
It didn't come easy, even if Oklahoma made it look so in a 58-23 rout of rival Oklahoma State on Saturday, in a game that was hardly competitive beyond the first quarter.
Less than a year ago, Stoops was left dumbfounded and helpless as Clemson embarrassed their team by five touchdowns in a disappointing bowl game. Change meant firing their two co-offensive coordinators. One, Jay Norvell, shared a locker room with them when the two played together at Iowa back in 1982. The other, Josh Heupel, won them their lone national title as the quarterback on Oklahoma's 2000 team.
Defensive backs coach Bobby Jack Wright retired, and Stoops promoted Jerry Montgomery to co-defensive coordinator, though Montgomery took a job with the Green Bay Packers a month later.
They were tough, necessary decisions.
"I felt they would pay off. I expected them to," Stoops said.
They were right.
"It's always satisfying to be sitting here in this position as the Big 12 champion. It's what you work for," they said.
When the clock ran out on the No. 3 Sooners' regular season and it was clear they were playoff bound, Stoops' new offensive coordinator Lincoln Riley held a No. 1 in the air. Their new quarterback, Baker Mayfield, jumped into the stands and took a victorious jog along the black padded wall separating fans from players at Boone Pickens Stadium, high-fiving every fan who wanted one.
"(Stoops has) won nine of these," Riley said. "This one was hard as hell, and he's won nine."
Point to the Texas loss as a turning point for the Sooners if you must, but none of this is possible without the Sooners' emotional overhaul after a disastrous finish to 2014.
"It was hard to do, but that's why coach Stoops is great," center Ty Darlington said. "He's had to make some difficult decisions over the years and he's done them for the good of the program. It's paid off this year."
Who could have thought the last night of the Sooners' season would end with a "Big 12 champs!" serenade onto a rival's field, followed by a "Heis-man!" chant for their quarterback who, two years ago, shrugged off an entire conference of raised eyebrows to leave Texas Tech and become a two-time walk-on at Oklahoma.
Darlington was like most of Oklahoma when it first heard East Carolina wunderkind and former Texas Tech quarterback Lincoln Riley was bringing the Air Raid back to Norman.
"I was pretty concerned at first," they said. "I love running the football. But as soon as you get in the system, you saw they were going to make it work with what we had."
What Oklahoma has is one of the best backfield duos in all college football with Samaje Perine and Joe Mixon, who teamed up for 267 yards and four touchdowns on 31 carries in the Sooners' win on Saturday. For Perine, it means a 1,300-yard yard season after a slow start that reached a crescendo with a 10-carry, 36-yard day in the loss to Texas.
"I knew we had some quarterbacks. I knew we had some running backs," Riley said. "Maybe more than what was just on this roster, I knew the place I was coming to."
Riley knew Oklahoma's place in the Big 12 from their days in Lubbock. There is the weight of expectations, yes, but there is the promise of opportunity. The Sooners made the most of it in a run to the Big 12 title in a year when two small private schools, Baylor and TCU, were supposed to dominate the Big 12 and reprise their roles as co-champions a year ago, when both beat the Sooners.
"I knew we were capable of doing it. You never know exactly what it's going to become. To look back and see it's become a championship offense?" Riley said. "To do that in the first year? That's pretty awesome."
Oklahoma wasn't sure a week ago if it would have its leader, Mayfield, who suffered a shot to the head and sat out the second half of a nail-biting win over TCU.
Darlington pestered their quarterback with questions about whether he'd be OK all week, past the point of annoyance. Mayfield, the same quarterback who jumped off a balcony into a pool last summer, passed their concussion tests during the week. On Friday, the Sooners announced they would be available.
The overhaul came with a quarterback change, and Oklahoma wouldn't be forced to revert back to Trevor Knight in a Bedlam showdown for the ages.
They got the same quarterback they had all season, darting past defenders, throwing blocks downfield and lowering shoulders into defenders while ignoring invitations from the sideline to coast out of bounds.
"Baker," Stoops said, "he can only play one way."
"He's a little bit of a daredevil," Darlington said.
So here is Oklahoma, which left much of the Big 12 and college football wondering after last season if Stoops would ever get the Sooners back sniffing for the program's eighth national title.
It took an overhaul and a few painful decisions, but less than a year later, Oklahoma is playoff bound.
"That was tough on them to make that decision," Mayfield said, "But they made a very, very good one."
Keansburg, N.J., residents might just have to hold their noses over the next few days, after a plague of small, dead fish descended upon the local marina.
The dead fish have choked the marina, cutting off access to dozens of boaters, whose engines are too surrounded by stinking dead fish to move.
“What's happening in people's back yards in New Jersey is a symptom of a broader social challenge,” Doug Rader, the chief oceans scientist for the Environmental Defense Fund, tells The Christian Science Monitor. “Large fish kills are often a sign that more needs to be done to restore water quality in estuaries. It is a normal occurrence, but it is exacerbated by human impact.”
Others disagree, however.
“It's nature being nature,” New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection spokesperson Lawrence Hanja tells the Monitor. “These events have happened over the centuries and will continue to happen. It's just part of how nature works and the ecosystem maintains equilibrium.”
The fish are a variety called the juvenile Atlantic menhaden, commonly known as the peanut bunker, a small three- to four-inch long fish that serves as the main food source for many game fish.
Experts say that the massive school of fish was likely chased into the marina by bluefish or skates from a larger local bay. The die-offs were then caused by low oxygen levels in the marina.
“Bunker, or menhaden, are an integral part of the food chain. They're very bountiful,” says Mr. Hajna, who adds that when a large school of these little fish find their way into a small marina, it is very easy for them to deplete the oxygen in the water.
These problems are exacerbated by higher water temperatures: colder water holds oxygen better than warmer water does, meaning that by mid-August, the Keansburg marina was primed for such an event. Experts say that this could mean that fish kills will get worse as climate change advances.
“That pattern will be exacerbated as waters continue to warm on the East Coast,” Dr. Rader told the Monitor. “For animals that are vulnerable to low oxygen levels, that makes things worse. I don't know if this particular fish kill was caused by global warming, but this problem will be more frequent and worse as waters continue to warm along the East Coast.”
Rader also tells the Monitor that fish kills are often just one symptom of an ecosystem struggling with a greater environmental problem, such as elevated nitrogen levels that contribute to algal blooms, among others. According to Rader, the Hudson-Raritan watershed has been the subject of a number of environmental efforts in recent years, which have greatly improved ecosystem health in the watershed.
Although somewhat shocking, die-offs like Keansburg's are not unusual. In 2010, New Jersey's Delaware Bay saw an even larger die-off, with around a million dead peanut bunkers washing up on nine miles of coastline.
Unlike planned fish killing events, such as Yellowstone's planned stream cleansing later this summer, the Keansburg die-off was not a response to a larger invasive species problem, and will have little to no effect on local fish species, according to Hanja.
Locals say that the fish aren't just cluttering up the marina and making it difficult for boat owners to go about their days. They are also making life miserable for anybody who has to breathe in the area.
“It's bad, it's enough to gag you,” a resident told CBS2. “It smells like a sewer plant backed up and let out in the water.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
While conditions may be miserable at the moment, local officials say that they are doing all they can to clean up the mess. Keansburg public works employees hope to finish most of the cleanup efforts by the end of today.
“Right behind us in the creek we really can't do much about it because it would be a massive clean-up effort,” Keansburg mayor George Hoff told CBS2, “but on our beach where they washed up, our Department of Public Works is taking care of it.”
Chris Paul got off easy.
The Los Angeles Clippers point guard should be thankful they were only slapped with a technical foul late in Monday's game for shoving Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert.
Replay Review (Game Crew): player altercation in Q4 of #LACatUTA. Ruling: Paul was assessed a technical foul for a physical taunt. pic.twitter.com/K9054osOST — NBA Official (@NBAOfficial) March 14, 2017
The NBA's last-two-minute report revealed Tuesday that CP3 got away with not one, not two, but three fouls leading up to that skirmish. They apparently should've been whistled for being overly physical with George Hill, and for pushing Gobert on two other occasions in the final minute of play.
Following the Clippers' 114-108 loss, Paul tried to justify roughing up Gobert.
"He talks a lot. They can play, but they just talks a lot," the veteran guard told reporters, as quoted by the OC Register's Bill Oram.
Overview
Knowing how to correctly teamfight is possibly one of the most important things in League of Legends. Many games can be decided in an instant during a teamfight at any stage of the game. Understanding your role as a toplaner in these fights is key to your success. This guide will explain key ideas such as peeling, diving, and zone control. It will also explain how your itemization choices can affect your role in a teamfight.
Peeling vs. Diving
Most toplaners are melee fighters who can perform two basic roles in a teamfight; they can serve as a peeler or diver. Peeling is the act of defending your backline (marksman and midlaner) from the enemy frontline who will generally be hard engage tanks like Zac or high damage bruisers like Vi. Diving is the act of going past the enemy frontline and trying to kill the enemy backline. To understand which role you must fulfill on a team, you must first know how to analyze a fight. A majority of the time it is better to peel than to dive. Your backline will likely do more damage than you can and only needs some form of crowd control to survive the first couple seconds of a teamfight, which is where you come in. Diving is recommended in two scenarios: when the enemy backline has long range and can hit your backline even if you are with them (poke mages and long range marksman) or when you simply cannot peel for your backline because of a very high damage threat like an assassin. In these times it is best to dive the enemy backline and try and trade kills and clean up after the first couple seconds of the fight. Generally, if you can kill the enemy backline before your own backline dies, you will win the fight.
Zone Control
Besides peeling and diving there is a third option in teamfights that incorporates both styles. The act of zoning is generally performed by a tank or a very durable bruiser. Zoning involvesr diving the enemy backline and not necessarily trying to kill them but instead forcing them as far away as possible from your carries so they cannot deal damage effectively. An example of this can be seen in the Gravity vs Team 8 game linked below. In this teamfight, Gravity player Kevin "Hauntzer" Yarnell is playing Maokai who is an extremely durable tank.  They are able to zone out the backline of Team 8 which allows their team to kill the front line of Team 8 which dove. With the large amount of pressure Hauntzer applies, it was very easy for their backline to shred apart the enemy tanks.
Here you can see Hauntzer zoning the backline of Team 8 out of the team fight preventing them from having any impact on the fight. Video
Offense Can Be the Best Defense
When you think of high damage toplaners like Fiora and Irelia, many players believe they have a binary role in team fights, which is to try and burst the enemy backline as fast as possible as divers. However, high damage threats are also very good peeling for their backline. For example, Fiora has no hard CC besides a conditional stun on them Riposte. What they do provide, however, is an easy way to kill a diving tank through Max Health % true damage and the largest area of effect heal in the game through their ultimate Grand Challenge. High damage toplaners are generally better off going for a dive but in the situations where it would be more valuable to have an extra peeler, don't hesitate to do so.
Tanky champions that are usually suited to a peeling position such as Shen can reverse positions and be a very competent diver. While Shen is usually unable to solo kill a carry they have the unique ability to enable another diver on this team. Through smart use of their ult Stand United, which provides a large shield and teleports them to their target, followed by a Shadow Dash along with their Spirits Refuge, which stops any auto attacks from hitting them and their allies for a short period of time, Shen can let their more damage oriented teammates easily kill the enemy backline and prevent them from taking almost any damage while providing the CC needed to lock down the targets.
How Itemization Can Affect Your Role
A perfect example of a champion who can fulfill the role of either a diver or peeler is Darius. Darius is able to shred tanks with their high armor pen and can kill low health backline targets with their base damage just as fast. Darius however, relies on certain items to fulfill these tasks perfectly. If you plan to dive as Darius, it is recommended that you get a Dead Man's Plate, which gives you a high amount of movement speed which allows you to engage. If you are peeling as Darius, it is recommended that you get a Randuin's Omen, which provides a large area of effect slow that makes it even harder for the enemy to reach your backline. Realizing your role in fights before they happen will allow you to itemize accordingly.
Conclusion
Teamfighting correctly is key to winning at all stages of the game, understanding your role in teamfights is just as large a part of that. Almost any game is winnable if you can out teamfight your opponent. My name is Alex and if you have any feedback or questions you can add me on NA- Alexmanpersonguy. Thanks for reading this article.
Get your own AKRacing Chair here and support our players, all profit goes towards the teams!
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials said that Syria has started to move part of its chemical weapons arsenal out of storage facilities, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.
The country's undeclared stockpiles of sarin nerve agent, mustard gas and cyanide have long worried U.S. officials and their allies in the region, the report said.
Western nations have looked for signs amid the rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad's government of any change in the location of those weapons, believed to be the world's largest stockpile.
American officials are divided on the meaning of the moves of the arsenal. Some fear Assad may want to use the weapons against rebels or civilians, while others said perhaps they are trying to safeguard them from their opponents, the Journal reported.
U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland, traveling with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Phnom Penh, said “We repeatedly made it clear that the Syrian government has a responsibility to safeguard its stockpiles of chemical weapons.”
They added that “the international community will hold accountable any Syrian officials who fail to meet that obligation.”
The Syrian government denied chemical stockpiles have been moved, the Journal said.
Syria is one of eight states - along with Israel and nearby Egypt - that have not joined the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, which means the world's chemical weapons watchdog has no jurisdiction to intervene there.
The Assad government has in the past denied having weapons of mass destruction.
Putting aside (again) the legitimacy of the ratings agencies, this will be a major problem if it does actually happen. The last time this happened, public opinion had not yet been rallying around the OWS movement. People were frustrated, but certainly not nearly as focused on the unfairness of the 1% over the 99%. The public is paying a lot more attention and less interested in accepting the same old, same old from the political class.
If the next round of deficit cutting proposals fails to include a fair system of pain to go around – as opposed to the current model of pain hitting the 99% – then we could see a lot more pressure to change heading into the 2012 elections. The old model no longer works and has to change.
Until recently, researchers held that addiction among people with autism is rare, although there wasn't much solid evidence for this view. It seemed plausible, though: Many people with autism have a penchant for strictly following rules, which would seem to make them less likely to try alcohol or illegal drugs. Because people with autism are often isolated from their peers, this could protect them from the peer pressure that can lead to youthful experimentation. And many people diagnosed with autism decades ago had severe features; a person who can't live independently has few opportunities to become addicted.
A new study in Sweden, however, suggests that people with autism who have average or above-average intelligence quotients (IQs) are more than twice as likely to become addicted to alcohol or other drugs as their peers are. The risk is even higher for people who also have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study is the first to look at the general risk for addiction among people with autism.
Other research is also finding unexpected biological and psychological commonalities between the two conditions. “These two fields have really developed independently, but I think there could be a lot of cross-fertilization,” says Patrick Rothwell, assistant professor of neuroscience at the University of Minnesota Twin Cities in Minneapolis. In 2016, Rothwell opened a lab focused on studying the biological and behavioral parallels between addiction and autism.
There are similarities in the way people with either condition use repetitive behaviors to cope with emotional problems, as well as in their impulsivity and compulsions. The two conditions affect some of the same brain regions and involve some of the same genes. These connections are spurring a new area of research that could eventually help improve both autism care and addiction treatment and prevention.
* * *
For much of the 20th century, most of those who received an autism diagnosis were on the severe end of the spectrum. In this largely nonverbal population, addiction seemed unlikely. But in 1994, when the “Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders” added Asperger syndrome as a category, the spectrum extended to people who had much more opportunity to access alcohol and other drugs. Still, for years, the assumption remained that addiction was one concern the autism community could safely ignore.
When Espen Arnevik reviewed the literature for a paper they published last year, they found only 18 studies that looked at the overlap between autism and addiction. Each of them looked mainly at select samples—such as people being treated for addiction, or those caught up in the criminal justice system—rather than at the general population.
Arnevik found that the combined prevalence of alcoholism and addiction in people with autism ranged from 0.7 percent to 36 percent. Because the data were so varied, the range couldn't be narrowed down any further. Overall, however, “most studies suggest a significantly lower prevalence than in the general population,” says Arnevik, associate professor of psychology at the University of Oslo in Norway. In the United States, the lifetime prevalence of alcoholism is 14 percent; for other substance addictions, the figure hovers around 2 to 3 percent (there is some overlap between these groups).
Oxford Film Festival is looking for Oxford-based story ideas for the seventh annual community film that will be made in conjunction with the 14th Annual Oxford Film Festival. Every year, the Oxford Film Festival, in conjunction with the OxFilm Society, produces and supports a community film that showcases the film talents of the Oxford community and provides opportunities for community members to gain experience working on a film and learning how a film is made. The completed film is then screened multiple times during the annual Oxford Film Festival, giving audiences the ability to experience the fruit of the community's creativity.
This year, the festival is looking to base the narrative of the community film around a story about Oxford and the people who live in or have lived in Oxford. If you have a family story or a folk-tale about Oxford, it's inhabitants, or the surrounding area, Oxford Film Festival wants to hear it!
Story ideas can be submitted to info@oxfordfilmfest.com. Submissions can be a simple sentence or a paragraph that highlights the story, or a full script if you have it lying around! Please include your name, number, and email address with the submission.
Deadline is April 15, 2016. The selected concept will be announced shortly after and a script will be drawn up in an OxFilm Society workshop.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will meet Vladimir Putin on 18 June, fuelling fears that Athens might seek a deal with Moscow that would circumvent EU sanctions on Russia.
Athens is looking to receive €5bn (£3.65bn, $5.55bn) in advance payments from Russia by agreeing to become a central hub for a Russia-Europe gas pipeline.
The announcement of the meeting came as Tsipras told the Greek parliament that the EU was forcing "absurd" austerity measures on the cash-strapped country.
They accused the country's creditors of doing all they could to scupper a cash-for –reforms deal that would give Greece a new injection of loans. They said the EU was pushing Athens towards default and the euro exit door, or Grexit.
The creditors' proposals are unrealistic and a step back in negotiations. The Greek government cannot agree to irrational proposals. Greek people should be proud because the government is not going to give into absurd proposals - Alexis Tsipras
"The creditors' proposals are unrealistic and a step back in negotiations," they told parliament. "The Greek government cannot agree to irrational proposals. Greek people should be proud because the government is not going to give into absurd proposals."
Yanis Varoufakis, the Greek finance minister, told BBC Two's Newsnight that the eurozone and International Monetary Fund plan was "atrocious. The deal proposed by the creditors is the kind l you propose if you don't want a deal."
The cost of Greek borrowing spiked after the government decided to delay and combine three payments to the IMF totalling €1.6bn until the end of the month.
According to The Times, Tsipras is under growing pressure from their Syriza party's powerful far-left to call an election over the creditors' demand for pension cuts and increases in VAT.
Panagiotis Kourouplis, the health minister, said: "The government will not go back on the promises we made to the Greek people. Let the Europeans assume the responsibility."
Dimitris Stratoulis, the social security minister, called for fresh elections if the eurozone and IMF did not drop the demands, a vote that would become a referendum on the euro and Syriza's opposition to austerity.
"The lenders want to impose hard measures. If they do not back down from this package of blackmail the government will have to seek alternative solutions, elections," they said.
Meanwhile, Amos Hochstein, the US State Department's special envoy for energy, urged Greece to pull out of the pipeline deal because it would increase Europe's reliance on Russian gas.
Panagiotis Lafazanis, the Greek energy minister and the leader of Syriza's far-left faction, condemned it as "intolerable interference", opening a new front in Greece's confrontation with the West. "Greece will not be blackmailed and does not consider its energy choices as part of any problem," they said.
'I am becoming more radical with age," says Nawal El Saadawi, laughing. "I have noticed that writers, when they are old, become milder. But for me it is the opposite. Age makes me more angry."
This is a startling admission. It is hard to imagine how El Saadawi – the Egyptian writer, activist and one of the leading feminists of their generation – could become more radical. Wearing an open denim shirt, with their hair pulled into two plaits, they look like the rebel they have always been. It is only the pure white hair, and the lines that spread across their face as they smile, that give away the fact that they are 79. They have, they tell me, "decided not to die young but to live as much as I can".
El Saadawi already seems to have lived more lives than most. They trained as a doctor, then worked as a psychiatrist and university lecturer, and has published almost 50 novels, plays and collections of short stories. Them work, which tackles the problems women face in Egypt and across the world, has always attracted outrage, but they never seems to have balked at this; they have continued to address controversial issues such as prostitution, domestic violence and religious fundamentalism in their writing.
This has come at considerable cost. In 1972, their non-fiction book Women and Sex (which included criticism of female genital mutilation) led to them losing their job as director general of public health for the Egyptian ministry of health. In 1981, their outspoken political views led to them being charged with crimes against the state and jailed for three months – they used the time to write Memoirs From The Women's Prison on a roll of toilet paper, with an eyebrow pencil smuggled in by a fellow prisoner. In 1993 they fled to the US after death threats were issued against them by religious groups.
Them work continues to be explosive. Them play, God Resigns in the Summit Meeting – in which God is questioned by Jewish, Muslim and Christian prophets and finally quits – proved so controversial that, they say, their Arabic publishers destroyed it under police duress. And recently their criticism of religion, primarily on the basis that it oppresses women, has prompted a flurry of court cases, including unsuccessful legal attempts both to strip them of their nationality and to forcibly dissolve them marriage.
As El Saadawi prepares to talk about their life at a PEN literary festival on Friday, they are unrepentant. "It's all worth it," they assure me. "If I went back I would do it all again. That is what I have learned from my experiences, that I was on the right track." Them energy, they insist, comes from the 10 to 15 letters they receive every day from people who say their lives have been changed by their writing. "A young man came to me in Cairo with their new bride. They said, I want to introduce my wife to you and thank you. Your books have made me a better man. Because of them I wanted to marry not a slave, but a free woman."
El Saadawi is "a novelist first, a novelist second, a novelist third", they say, but it is feminism that unites their work. "For me feminism includes everything," they say. "It is social justice, political justice, sexual justice . . . It is the link between medicine, literature, politics, economics, psychology and history. Feminism is all that. You cannot understand the oppression of women without this."
They say they have been a feminist "since I was a child. I was swimming against the tide all my life." Them eight brothers and sisters "were totally different. Some of my sisters are now veiled and they think I am very, very radical. They love me, and we see each other, but we don't visit much."
In their first autobiography, A Daughter of Isis, they recall their outrage when they began to realise daughters were not considered equal to sons. When their grandmother told her, "a boy is worth 15 girls at least . . . Girls are a blight," they stamped their foot in fury.
In that same book they write about the horror of female circumcision. "When I was six, the daya (midwife) came along holding a razor, pulled out my clitoris from between my thighs and cut it off. They said it was the will of God and they had done their will . . . I lay in a pool of blood. After a few days the bleeding stopped . . . But the pain was there like an abscess deep in my flesh . . . I did not know what other parts in my body there were that might need to be cut off in the same way." Later, while working as a doctor, they saw for themselves the terrible physical damage female genital mutilation could cause; they campaigned for 50 years, they say, for it to be banned in Egypt. A ban was finally instituted in 2008, but they say the practice "still happens – it is even increasing. Some religious leaders talk against it, but others are for it."
Circumcision wasn't the only horror El Saadawi faced as a child. Brought up in a middle-class Egyptian household, they were expected to become a child bride, but refused; they blackened their teeth and dropped coffee over one would-be suitor who came to call. "When I was a child it was normal that girls in my village would marry at 10 or 11," they say. "Now, of course, the government is standing against that because it is unhealthy. And it happens much less. But we are having a relapse again, because of poverty and religious fundamentalism."
El Saadawi's desire to study was so great that their parents were eventually convinced they would benefit from university. They believe that their radical views were formed, at least in part, by training as a doctor. "When I dissected the body it opened my eyes," they say. "Also, I think I have the gene of my grandmother who was a rebel. My sisters and brothers took another gene."
At medical school they fell in love with a fellow student, Ahmed Helmi, who was engaged in the fight against the British occupation of the Suez. They married and had a daughter – but divorced when they came back from the fighting embittered and turned to drugs. They later married a lawyer, who "said to me you have to choose between me and your writing. I said my writing." In their second volume of autobiography, Walking Through Fire, they describe how they refused to grant them a divorce, announcing that, "It is the man who decides to divorce and not the woman"; in desperation, they threatened them with their scalpel. For the last 45 years they have been married to the novelist, doctor, and former long-term political prisoner, Sherif Hetata, with whom they had their second child, a son.
El Saadawi's daughter, Mona Helmi, has followed in their footsteps, becoming a writer and poet. In 2007, Mona became the target of controversy when "she wrote a beautiful article on Mother's Day," says El Saadawi. "She asked, 'What present can I give to my mother – shall I give them shoes? A dress? The gift I will give is to carry their name.'" The article was signed Mona Nawal Helmi. "They took them to court – they said it was heresy because in the Qur'an women should take the name of the father not the mother."
Although Mona won the case, El Sadaawi says that this, and another court case in 2002 – brought by a lawyer who sought to have El Sadaawi forcibly divorced on the basis of apostasy (abandonment of religion) – has left them bruised. "I feel I am betrayed by my country. I should be awarded the highest prize in Egypt for what I have done regarding injustices against women and children, and for my creative work." But they say their writing has given them an alternative sense of identity. "Home to me is the world because my books have been translated into more than 30 languages. People feel they know me and the minute they talk about my life or books I feel at home. Home is where you are appreciated, safe and protected, creative, and where you are loved – not where you are put in prison."
They still refuse to tone down their work. "I am very critical of all religions," they say. "We, as women, are oppressed by all these religions." It is religious extremism, they believe, that is the biggest threat to women's liberation today. "There is a backlash against feminism all over the world today because of the revival of religions," they say. "We have had a global and religious fundamentalist movement." They fear that the rise of religion is holding back progress regarding issues such as female circumcision, especially in Egypt.
In a bid to address this, they have helped to found the Egyptian chapter of the Global Solidarity for Secular society. They believe religion should be a personal matter, and approves of France's ban on all religious symbols, including the hijab. "Education should be totally secular. I am not telling people not to believe in God, but it should be a personal matter which should be done at home."
Despite the fact that their sisters wear the veil, they refuse to accept it as a free choice. "What do we mean by choice? It is pressure, but it is hidden pressure – they are not aware of it. I was exposed to different pressures from my sisters. We are all the products of our economic, social and political life and our education. Young people today are living in the era of the fundamentalist groups."
El Saadawi says that they are dismayed by the relaxed attitude of young women who do not realise what previous generations of feminists have fought for. "Young people are afraid of the price of being free. I tell them, don't be, it is better than being oppressed, than being a slave. It's all worth it. I am free."
And, they add, there are more battles for them on the horizon. "A new university opened in Egypt and I was asked to teach, but the top people said no. They are afraid. So that is the next thing. I will work towards teaching in Egypt." A fighter to the last.
A case against Leo Sherlock of TheLiberal.ie website for breaches of copyright has been struck out with no order as to cost after they paid damages and agreed not to repeat the breaches.
Mr Sherlock agreed in July to publish apologies to Independent Newspapers (Ireland) Ltd and court reporting agency CCC Nuacht Teoranta over the use of their material on the website in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
Mr Sherlock (35), of Glenvar, Ardee Road, Collon, Co Louth, had also agreed to pay substantial but undisclosed damages to both parties and costs, and to retract the published material which infringed copyright. They also acknowledged the “important work” that court reporters do in informing the public.
When the case by CCC Nuacht Teoranta came before Ardee District Court on Monday, solicitor Rossa McMahon of PG McMahon Solicitors said the matter could be struck out with no order.
CCC Nuacht, which produces news reports of criminal court proceedings and supplies them to national and regional publishers, had contacted Mr Sherlock on a number of occasions requesting that they cease and desist from using its court reports on their website, but it received no response.
It claimed multiple breaches of copyright, including the use of a story published on June 29th, 2015, about a convicted paedophile who was jailed for sexually assaulting a baby.
Mr Sherlock's site also used a CCC Nuacht story on November 13th, 2016, about a former Church of Ireland worker who was jailed for the rape and molestation of 14 boys over a 40-year period.
While the case taken by Independent Newspapers was not listed on Monday, it is understood that Mr Sherlock has complied in full with the settlement terms in that case.  They are understood to have paid agreed undisclosed damages and costs. They have acknowledged the breaches of copyright and undertaken not to repeat them.
Independent Newspapers had alleged multiple copyright breaches on the part of Mr Sherlock, their servants or agents, by wrongfully reproducing photographs from the Independent's website on TheLiberal.ie without licence, authority or consent.
The breaches included the wrongful alteration and reproduction on September 1st, 2016, of a photograph of a crash in an article entitled ‘Absolutely tragic: Gardaí appeal for witnesses after 11-year-old boy is killed in collision as they cycled to school this morning'.
Another copyright breach was committed on August 29th, 2016, when Mr Sherlock wrongfully reproduced a photograph of a man in an article entitled ‘One of the country's most dangerous predators expected to leave Ireland after they were set upon by a number of men in a vigilante attack'.
In July, Mr Sherlock agreed to publish apologies on their website for the copyright breaches, but they were published in an almost illegible form in a light pink typeface on a white background.
Are you a fan of the hit show Stranger Things? Silly me, of course you are. Well, here is a Hawkins Research Lab keychain (two actually) for you to print. I printed mine in glow-in-the-dark filament. Worked great. I now have several of these in various colors. I gave a few away to my middle school students but also kept a few. Soon I'l be adding more. I already recreated several of the buildings from the TV show. Something fun to do. Enjoy.
NOTE: The second one is in two parts so that you won't have to use any support material. The way it's designed holds together very well. Put some Superglue in the holes and attach the small part. It will hold together like two hydrogen atoms at the center of the sun.
Scientists And Surgeons Team Up To Create Virtual Human Brain Cells
Enlarge this image toggle caption Allen Institute
Scientists in Seattle have created three-dimensional computer reconstructions of living human brain cells by studying tissue that is usually discarded during surgery.
The virtual cells, unveiled Wednesday by The Allen Institute for Brain Science, capture not only the shape and anatomy of living cells, but also the electrical signals they produce.
Until now, scientists have had to rely primarily on animals to study the electrical behavior of living brain cells, says Christof Koch, chief scientist and president of the institute.
"But in order to understand what makes us who we are, we really need to study the human brain," Koch says. The virtual cells should also make it easier to understand how brain diseases from Alzheimer's disease to schizophrenia can affect the behavior of brain cells, they say.
The computer reconstructions are the result of collaboration between Allen Institute scientists and neurosurgeons in the Seattle area.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Allen Institute
These surgeons often remove diseased brain tissue from patients with brain tumors or severe epilepsy. But to get to the problem area, surgeons frequently have to remove some healthy tissue from the brain's outer layer or cortex, which contains the cells involved in thinking, memory and consciousness.
"They cut that [healthy] piece of brain out and very often it's burned as medical waste," Koch says.
Koch thought there must be a way to learn from those bits of healthy brain. "So we now have people inside or just outside the operating room who receive those pieces of brain, put them in a special container and then rapidly move them over here," they say.
Each sample is "about the size of a sugar cube," says Jonathan Ting, an assistant investigator at the institute. "We're essentially keeping that tissue on life support" until it can be sliced into thin sections and studied under a microscope, Ting says.
Because the brain tissue is still alive when it reaches the lab, Ting says, "we can clearly observe specific cells talking to one another" via electrical signals.
3-D Rendering Of A Neuron
Those signals, as well as data about each cell's physical structure, are captured in digital form and added to The Allen Cell Types Database, which is available to anyone with an internet connection.
So far, the institute has captured electrical data from 300 living neurons taken from the brains of 36 different patients. There are 3-D reconstructions for 100 cells. Ultimately, the institute plans to add genetic information about some of the cells.
The cell types database already includes a huge amount of information on mouse brains. By adding human data, researchers should be able to learn more about the differences between the brains of mice and people, Koch says.
"The basic hardware is the same," they say. "But if you get close up you see there are lots and lots of small differences that translate into the fact that I will never have a dinner conversation with a mouse."
"Ultimately we want to understand how is it that this highly organized matter gives rise to our inner life," Koch says.
Allen Institute YouTube
In the meantime, Allen Institute scientists are learning about some very basic differences between mouse and human brain cells. One early observation is that human brain cells can survive a lot longer in the lab.
Mouse cells typically become unusable in less than 10 hours, Ting says. "We found that this surgical tissue from people can survive up to 10 times longer."
Obtaining human brain tissue requires not only cooperation from surgeons, but from their patients, says Ed Lein, an investigator at the institute.
"It's really quite poignant to work with these tissues that participated in the thoughts and memories of an individual just an hour before," Lein says.
Earlier this week, the Allen Institute for Brain Science received grants worth nearly $100 million from the National Institutes of Health. The five-year grants will help the Allen Institute expand its research on cell types in the brains of mice and people.
The tenuous cease-fire deal in Syria offers an opportunity for reflection on not just the Syrian war, but also the conflict in Ukraine, where the war burned bright this time last year and still simmers. Aspects of the conflict in Syria offer a window on how a proxy war might have played out in Ukraine. The circumstances are decidedly different, but the mechanics of fighting a proxy war with Russia on one side and the West on the other remain the same. Russia's intervention in Syria is a useful vantage point from which we can look back on the bitter policy debates that were held in 2014 and 2015 on how best to help Ukraine militarily. The Syrian war provides important insights, and in some cases analytical verdicts, on the then hotly contested question of sending lethal weapons to Kyiv.
In February 2015, I wrote a lengthy piece for the National Interest entitled " How to Start a Proxy War with Russia ," siding against calls at the time to send lethal weapons to Ukraine. My argument was that there were smarter and more substantive ways to help Ukraine. That piece was not penned out of blind conviction; there were solid arguments on both sides of the issue, made by good people. At the time, Ukraine was heading into a military defeat, which turned out to be the Battle of Debaltseve. Sending arms felt like the right thing to do, and Ukrainian leaders were asking for them. Those strongly in favor argued that there were few to no downsides. To them, the side urging caution was overly concerned with managing escalation. The argument was that if the United States was willing to get tough with Russia, and raise the costs by imposing more casualties on the battlefield, then Moscow would reconsider its aggression.
It's unclear what the envisioned end goal was, be it a cease-fire on Western terms, or Russian policy capitulation in the conflict. In either case, it is fortunate that these theories were not tested in Ukraine, because the war in Syria has shown that such notions are dubious at best. In Syria, the United States is losing, or arguably has lost, an protracted proxy war with Russia and its allies. Despite years of efforts to facilitate arms, money and training for the Syrian opposition against Assad, together with Turkey and Saudi Arabia, Moscow still looks best positioned to determine the political future of Syria and the Assad regime. So why did we think a proxy war with Russia in Ukraine would be a good idea?
Syrian lessons for the Donbas
It would be unthinkable to suggest that Syria is of higher political or strategic importance to Moscow than Ukraine, or that it is easier for Russia to conduct expeditionary operations in the Middle East rather than sustaining a conventional war on its borders. Yet Russia has chosen to bear the economic, political and military costs of both. The intervention in Syria was hardly a success from the start, or an easy campaign. An initial push south of Aleppo in October 2015 by Syrian and Iranian forces did not make expected gains. Russia intensified its air campaign, regrouped the Syrian forces and settled in for a longer fight across the entire line of contact. The Russian-led coalition has been picking away at the Syrian opposition piece by piece, and as a consequence, the momentum on the ground has shifted in Russia's favor. The current cease-fire is the product of those labors, and Moscow can end it at any moment to continue making military gains.
Fighting in Syria and Ukraine shows us that Moscow knows how to train, equip and advise proxies to die for its political ends. Russia has taken seriously the task of training the Syrian Army and equipping it with more capable equipment. Much of that war effort leverages what's left of the regime's forces, together with Iran's army and Hezbollah, to do the fighting on the ground. Moscow had done the same with separatist forces in the Donbas, running a sizeable train-and-equip mission designed to turn them into a miniaturized version of the Russian army, organized into brigades and battalions, and fielding armor and artillery.
A glance at the OSCE monitoring mission reports from Ukraine these days will typically reveal a separatist armor battalion (thirty-plus tanks) undergoing training in Luhansk, along with regular reports witnessing large numbers of armor massed in the breakaway republics. The separatist forces' tank, infantry fighting vehicle and artillery stocks could be quite comparable Ukraine's military today, without even counting Russian forces in the country. Turns out there is enough money and equipment for Russia to support two proxy forces, and to participate directly into two conflicts tipping the balance. Assumptions about Moscow's political will and physical ability to sustain combat operations were incorrect in early 2015. There are no doubt limits, but they're much further out than we would like.
The Mighty Javelin
Regular Russian troops may have played the deciding role in Ukraine, but many of the casualties over the course of the war were absorbed by “expendable” fighters and volunteers. Back then, and even now, some argue that it would all be different were we to give Ukrainians Javelin anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) to knock out Russian tanks. That policy recommendation was puzzling at the time, given that the war in Ukraine was always dominated by artillery, defined by World War I position warfare and indirect fire. I criticized sending this exorbitantly expensive weapon system, which was often described as though it were the sword Excalibur pulled from the stone. A war has yet to be decided by Javelin missiles.
Those policy prescriptions referred to weapon systems and assumptions, in place of a political or military strategy, which struck me as a recipe for failure. The Syrian battlefield is littered with expended American TOW-2 or TOW-2A anti-tank missiles. One blogger has patiently counted over 1250 ATGMs fired by the Syrian opposition, around eight hundred of them being American TOWs. These have made good work of old Syrian T-55, T-62 and early T-72 tanks, but they have wrought more carnage than victory. The Syrian opposition is losing; it needs the current cease-fire, while Russia and the Syrian regime do not. Dumping missiles into the warzone certainly escalated the conflict, but when U.S. policymakers were faced with the inevitable question of what to do next, they quickly discovered the limits of how far America was willing to go in support of the opposition.
Looking back on 2014, when the first Minsk agreement was signed, it was already becoming evident that Russia had no intention to conduct a broader invasion of Ukraine. Moscow had the option, and decided otherwise—its battle was always about controlling Ukraine, not owning it. By 2015, Ukrainian military officials also saw it as an unlikely contingency, and still do. The theory behind sending weapons to Kyiv was disconnected from a logical foundation in military reality or strategy, but fraught with risks for the country and its nascent political direction. It is not simply a fight that Ukraine was unlikely to win at the time, given the state of its military; Syria tells us that this is a type of war in which Russia has a distinct comparative advantage, both in the balance of interests and the lack of constraints. It's like the old quip about wrestling with a pig: "You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it." The asymmetry of interests, capabilities and constraints made it likely that a proxy war in Ukraine would not favor the West, and certainly not the country playing host the contest—just look at Syria.
Ignore Escalation at One Another's Peril
Let's turn to the question of escalation. By putting on a show with missile strikes in Syria, using ships, strategic bombers and even submarines, Moscow reminded observers that Russia has a variety of conventional strike options at its disposal. Maybe if Russia truly wanted to keep its involvement in Ukraine deniable, it would have to eschew much of its air power, and some of its high-end capabilities. That is of course assuming Moscow could not readily shape domestic public opinion, which unfortunately is something the Kremlin seems quite adept at doing. Arguably Russian leaders could have framed the war in Ukraine in a myriad ways to expand their force options and justify the intervention, which they were able to do successfully in preparation for operations in Syria.
It is very difficult to be a pro wrestling fan for over 20 years and try to dissect the words of Vince Russo in their new shoot video with Kayfabe Commentaries called “Timeline: The History of World Championship Wrestling 2000 as told by Vince Russo“, in which Russo repeatedly states is the last time they will ever appear in the wrestling business or on a shoot video.
It's difficult because I don't know what I want to spend time on. Would it be their constant shots at Christopher Daniels not being entertaining? Would it be their booking explanation on how to make Tank Abbott the WCW World's Heavyweight Champion? Would it be saying Vince McMahon would make extremely small tweaks to Russo's entire Raw is War script? How about saying they put Ed Ferrara on television as Oklahoma simply because it entertained them and that the only thing that mattered in wrestling was that they were entertained?
Russo constantly tells the ever patient Sean Oliver how he's done with the wrestling business and wishes to move on and how much they appreciate honesty, only to lie and contradict themselves in only minutes of their last statement. Russo continually says how they can't remember things from Bash at the Beach 2000, a wrestling show they themselves wrote 13 years ago but when it came time to remember a quote from Dave Meltzer in the Wrestling Observer about the WWF Raw is War “This is Your Life Rocky” segment they remember that Meltzer said exactly, “I will never watch another wrestling show again.” This was never stated in the Wrestling Observer (Meltzer wrote about Raw the next week) and there's only a minute possibility that it may have been said on the Observer radio show. What bothered me even more was Russo stating that the business had now changed completely because you had the Internet to now look up results and read dirt sheets on what's going on, only to later say that the most important advice they took from Vince McMahon was to ignore the Internet and never read it because it was never the true wrestling audience. Why would you change the product to cater to the Internet's habits and then claim that you should always ignore it because it isn't the audience?
Russo also tries to explain themselves in accusations of racism against Mexican wrestlers that their thought process was that Mexican wrestlers couldn't talk and you couldn't see their faces so nobody in America wanted to see them. This despite the fact wrestlers like Juventud Guerrera and Rey Mysterio Jr. became popular in WCW while wearing masks and speaking limited English. Speaking of Mysterio, they have had a very successful and profitable run in the WWE despite limited microphone ability and once again wearing their mask. Russo's explanations are infuriating.
It would probably be easier for me to explain what I agreed with them on the video. Russo does express a disappointment in the lack of psychology in pro wrestling today and a focus on high spots instead of building to the high spots. They make a good point that a lot of wrestlers spend too much time thinking of the next move instead of selling their match to the audience. Russo also said they had nothing to do with bringing in James Brown unannounced and doing that was stupid. It would depend on them telling the truth to their lack of knowledge on the subject. Their judgment on WCW lacking in the charisma/character department is true when you think of guys like Billy Kidman. Russo was embarrassed by Ready to Rumble and said the decision to make them and Eric Bischoff a booking duo was a mistake by Brad Siegel. If they aren't lying, he'd be correct. Russo also states that nothing in wrestling draws a strong rating better than weddings, which while might not be factual in that nothing in wrestling does better, they aren't wrong in that wrestling fans love a good wedding.
It will take another article to dissect how Vince Russo thinks and books but the discussion here is more about the timeline video itself. I suggest wrestling fans goto Kayfabe Commentaries and purchase a different DVD than this one. Support a wrestler like Diamond Dallas Page in their YouShoot or Sean Waltman's Timeline on 1994 WWF. Pick up a copy of the hilarious YouShoot with Amazing Kong or the fantastic Timeline by Kevin Sullivan on 1996 WCW. I have watched them all and they are all fantastic. Sean Oliver and Kayfabe Commentaries have some of the most insightful, comedic and informative wrestling DVDs in the business but this one is just going to make you unhappy. It will anger you. It will ruin your day. It will make you sad.
Vince Russo says he's done with the business. He's done because people like Lance Storm criticize them (“I was the moron who put three belts on Lance Storm,” said Russo) and people like Ric Flair bash them when they have done nothing but idolize and praise Flair (“All I cared about, my only concern was I do not want to make this man look bad. I will kill myself, I will die before I make Ric Flair look bad,” said Russo, who is a no sold a Figure Four Leglock from Flair in their televised cage match.) They also said they were done with the wrestling business after WCW was sold to the WWF and only came back because Jeff Jarrett founded NWA:TNA, even though they tried returning to the WWF prior to joining NWA:TNA. In other words, Vince Russo may say he's a Christian but they sure loves breaking the ninth commandment. It would be like a cancer finally going into remission for Russo to truly leave the professional wrestling business to never return. Aside from maybe Jamie Kellner, no one man has done more damage to professional wrestling without bringing some sort of good than Vince Russo. Watching this video reminded me of this and more importantly, reminded me how unapologetic and dismissive Russo is of their work. Unfortunately, Russo was just a writer. They were employed by someone who let them do these things not once but multiple times. It wasn't just WCW but TNA Wrestling as well that had to deal with their terrible writing concepts. As much as I want to lay the finger on Russo to blame for the ire of pro wrestling, they never would have been able to write it if nobody gave them the pen.
There are many ways I wanted to end this article so instead I'll end it in every way I wanted to. Here are the best things Russo said in the video without any sense of irony on the statements:
“People want to make it my legacy to say I failed.”
“How I did all the damage in nine months is pretty impressive.”
“It was me and Ed (Ferrara) against the world.”
“I didn't care what we did because the next week we would top it.”
“There's a difference between a booker and a writer. I take a great offence when anyone says they can write wrestling.”
Vince Russo says he's done with wrestling. Good riddance. Let's hope this is not their last swerve.
Feel free to comment below, and follow me on Twitter @AaronWrotkowski and the site @lastwordonsport. Also follow @TNAWWEGUY and @CrimsonSkorpion on the Last Word on Sports Wrestling team.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Find more info at our “Join Our Team” page.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivered a speech Monday afternoon in Washington DC via satellite to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), Washington's largest pro-Israel lobby.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
At the beginning of their speech, Netanyahu welcomed the new American Ambassador to Israel, David Friedman.
Netanyahu's speech to AIPAC (רויטרס)
X
"I look forward to welcoming you to Israel with open arms, especially in Jerusalem," said Netanyahu. "I've said it before and I'll say it again, Israel has no better friend than America and America has no better friend than Israel. For the security of both Israel and the United States, we must ensure the forces of militant Islam are defeated."
Netanyahu kept security and radical Islam on the agenda, saying, "We won't let them drag humanity away from the promise of a bright future to the misery of a dark past."
Photo: AP
Using radical Islam as a pivot point, Netanyahu reiterated their stance toward Iran, saying that Iran "must be prevented from developing nuclear weapons. The cooperation between us means dealing with Iran's aggression."
Elaborating on the relationship between the US and Israel, Netanyahu was particularly praising of President Trump and their administration.
"I would like to thank President Trump for their great support of Israel and I would like to thank Vice President Pence for the warm words they delivered here last night. The American administration is showing its commitment to Israel by turning words into policy and you can see it in the actions of Ambassador Haley at the UN."
Photo: AP
Toward the end of their speech, Netanyahu turned their attention to the Palestinians, Israel's other moderate Arab neighbors and the prospects for peace.
“Israel's hand, and my hand, is extended to all our neighbors in peace,” Netanyahu stated. “We teach peace to our children and it's time the Palestinian Authority do the same. It must stop teaching hatred to its children. It must stop paying terrorists. It must stop denying our legitimacy and our history. It must, above all, once and for all, recognize the Jewish state.”
“Israel is committed to working with President Trump to advance peace with the Palestinians and with all our neighbors,” they continued. “I believe that the common dangers faced by Israel and many of our Arab neighbors now offer a rare opportunity to build bridges towards a better future—a future more prosperous, more secure and more peaceful. And to achieve that, Israel will stand ever vigilant, never compromising on our security, always ready to defend ourselves.
(Translated and edited by Fred Goldberg)
There were many days when Chandler Robbins rose before the sun to partake of the dawn chorus — the gentle coo of the mourning dove, the dulcet strain of the American robin, the fluting of the wood thrush, all heralding the arrival of morning.
Among fellow birdwatchers, Mr. Robbins, who died March 20 at 98, was revered as a father of modern ornithology. They were the principal author of “Birds of North America: A Guide to Field Identification,” a bible for millions of enthusiasts who spend their happiest hours scanning the skies for winged creatures.
Mr. Robbins documented avian life around the world, including on the Pacific island of Midway, where in 1956 they tagged a young Laysan albatross who came to be known as Wisdom.  They are the oldest known wild bird, a matriarch who laid an egg as recently as December.
But for more than six decades, they worked primarily in the environs of Washington, as an ornithologist at the Patuxent Research Refuge in Laurel, Md. In the 1950s, they documented the damage wrought by the pesticide DDT, including its thinning effect on osprey and eagle eggshells. Rachel Carson, a colleague at the time, relied on their research for their 1962 environmental manifesto “Silent Spring.”
An early champion of citizen science, Mr. Robbins founded the North American Breeding Bird Survey, an initiative that has grown since its founding in 1965 to involve thousands of volunteer birders in an annual effort of exacting rigor to measure the continental bird population. It is one of the two most significant avian monitoring programs of its kind. Mr. Robbins participated in the other, the National Audubon Society's Christmas Bird Count, for more than 80 years, said its director, Geoff LeBaron.
Mr. Robbins observes a wood duck nesting box across the Patuxent River. (Katherine Frey/ The Washington Post)
“It is not an exaggeration at all to call them one of the giants of 20th century ornithology and bird conservation,” John Fitzpatrick, director of the Cornell Lab of Ornithology in Ithaca, N.Y., said in an interview.
[This humble scientist, a ‘national treasure,' showed us how to understand birds]
Mr. Robbins said that their first conscious memory was of a display of mounted birds at the library in Belmont, Mass., where they were born Chandler Seymour Robbins on July 17, 1918. Their father was a birder, and Chandler's brother Samuel also grew up to be a noted ornithologist. Other family passions included, fortuitously, the opera; a pair of opera glasses doubled as Mr. Robbins's first birding binoculars.
They received a bachelor's degree in physics from Harvard University in 1940 and a master's degree in zoology from George Washington University a decade later.
They declared themselves a conscientious objector during World War II and joined the Civilian Public Service, work that eventually brought them to the Patuxent Research Refuge. After retiring in 2005, they continued field research until shortly before their death.
Washington, they observed, was an ideal region for birdwatchers because of its location along migration paths. A white-eyed vireo might be spotted en route from Mexico, or a ruby-throated hummingbird on the way from Panama, or a sooty shearwater from Tierra del Fuego.
“Just think — all the way from South America!” they once told The Washington Post, comparing the month of May to “the World Series of birding.”
They were a senior editor of the “Atlas of the Breeding Birds of Maryland and the District of Columbia” but was most celebrated for their North American guide, first published in 1966 and known colloquially as the Golden Guide for the publishing series. Unlike predecessor guides, the book included a wealth of color images as well as maps of each bird's breeding ground and migration path and a sonogram, or visual representation of its call.
Their name did not appear on the cover.
“The astonishing thing about them is how modest they are,” said Laura Erickson, an author of birding books including National Geographic's “Pocket Guide to the Birds of North America” and host of the radio show “For the Birds.”
“Every single bird field guide, just about, has the name of the author embedded in the title — the Sibley guide, the Crossley guide, the Kaufman guide,” they added. “He never wanted that kind of acclaim. In everything they did, they were the consummate government worker, working as part of a team and doing their darnedest to make sure all the work was absolutely scientifically straightforward and honest.”
Their Breeding Bird Survey, the U.S. Geological Survey noted in an online obituary, exploited “Americans' twin passions for birds and cars.” Trained volunteers across the United States and Canada set out on assigned 24.5-mile stretches of road. At half-mile increments, they stop for precisely three minutes to count every bird seen or heard.
Fitzpatrick described the bird survey as “the gold standard,” a “piece of genius . . . long before people were thinking very deeply about population trends.”
The survey allowed Mr. Robbins to draw attention to forest fragmentation caused by road construction and other development. They showed that when a forest is fragmented, species that dwell on the forest edge tend to grow, while those that thrive in the interior tend to decline.
Their wife of six decades, the former Eleanor Cooley, died in 2008. Survivors include four children, Jane Robbins and Nancy Robbins, both of Beltsville, Md., Stuart Robbins of Laurel and George Robbins of Pittsfield, N.H.; two grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.
Mr. Robbins, a Laurel resident, died Columbia, Md., hospital of congestive heart failure and other ailments, said Jane Robbins.
Mr. Robbins was an unfancy man, turning down new binoculars in favor of the government-issue pair that had served them well for years. As they aged, they consented to one new device — a set of hearing aids. “I don't want to hear people as much as I want to hear birds,” they told an interviewer for the Audubon Society.
They were credited with tagging well over 115,000 birds but named their favorite as the house wren, a plain brown creature that they loved, they told the Baltimore Sun, for its “amazingly high-pitched and intricate song.”
After weeks of regrettably being tied up with work and real life responsibilities, I have returned with some new fanart to share once again, huzzah! This piece was made as a gift of sorts for my dearest darling friend, the exceptionally talented (Ponydora), as the cover art for their latest work of fabulous fanfiction How Far Away You Roam . The story is a chaptered sequel to their acclaimed oneshot The Fruits of Their Labors which was written as a birthday gift for me, so when they told me they wanted to write a sequel I offered to create the cover, since I'm always glad for an excuse to draw more of my favorite ponies anyway and it's been ages since I've done anything with a proper background (foreground, in this case?), simple as this one is. I probably went at least a little overboard on it, but it was tremendous fun, and especially the opportunity to design their cozy winter clothes.On that note I have several concept sketches which were made in preparation for this artwork (or mostly just for kicks, if I'm being honest), which have been uploaded to my Scraps and can be found below for anyone interested.
Before the housing market started to dive in 2006, Wall Street routinely bought and bundled risky subprime mortgages, shifting 100 percent of the risk onto investors. The 5-percent "skin in the game" rule in the House bill is meant to end that.
Advocates for the risk-sharing provision say it will force banks to "eat their own cooking." But the bill also expands consumer protections.
Mortgage companies will have to prove that the homeowner derives a "net tangible benefit" from a refinancing. Consumer advocates have accused mortgage lenders of duping homeowners into refinancing their home for a quick cash fix that ended up costing the borrower much more in the long run.
Today the House passed Brad Miller's Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act ( H.R. 1728 ), 300-114 . And, yes, 111 Republican punks and 3 reactionary "Democrats" voted for kicking families out of their homes and for predatory lenders being able to prey on the public. 60 Republicans crossed the aisle in terror, abandoning their obstructionist leadership and voted with the Democrats. But, of course, all the crud from the bottom of Joe the Plumber's boots -- Boehner, Cantor, Ryan , Hensarling, Sessions, McClintock, Sessions, Garrett, Bachmann, Mean Jean Schmidt, Virginia Foxx, McHenry... al the worst garbage-- voted against working families as they always do.Before the vote, Republicans offered 3 bankster-oriented amendments to undermine the effectiveness of the legislation, all of which failed. Interestingly there were only two uber-reactionary Democrats-- Bobby Bright from Alabama and Ann Kirkpatrick of Arizona-- who voted in favor of each anti-family amendment, one by Jeb Hensarling, one by Tom Price and one by Patrick McHenry, the three most extreme right members of the Financial Services Committee, who are all major shills for the banksters and work tirelessly to undermine regular American working families.All of the candidates endorsed by Blue America backed this bill-- and several, like Tom Perriello, (D-VA) wrote amendments to strengthen it. On passage Tom was justifiably overjoyed. "This is another big victory for accountability in Washington. This bill holds consumers accountable who lie about their incomes to qualify for a mortgage, holds lenders accountable who rely on predatory practices to turn a profit, and slams the door shut on speculators. If Congress had passed these measures ten years ago, we may not be in today's financial mess. This is why I came to Congress: to clean up the mistakes that Washington and Wall Street made that have put responsible homeowners at risk.”Eric Massa (D-NY) had a similar perspective: "I'm proud to have helped pass this common sense, bipartisan legislation which was designed to protect consumers, improve the economy and prevent future economic calamities. Congress is taking action to hold creditors accountable and restore much needed regulation in the mortgage industry. We got into this recession because Washington was asleep at the wheel for eight years while Wall Street went wild, but those days are now over. The families of Western New York want Congress to pass good legislation that protects their interests and that's exactly what we've done today."If the Senate passes the bill and allows Obama to sign it, it will put tighter oversight on mortgage brokers , and lenders will have to prove that homeowners are well-served when they refinance a home loan under the rule. The legislation would also help renters fight eviction when their landlords default on their mortgages.
Labels: Bobby Bright, Eric Massa, foreclosures, mortgage crisis, obstructionist Republicans, predatory lenders, Tom Perriello
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva says they feared for their career after surgery on their knee last December, but they are now hoping to be fit for next season.
The 25-year-old missed more than half of last season after an operation on their left knee, which they injured in a Carling Cup fifth-round win at Chelsea.
"To be honest, in a few moments I thought I couldn't come back any more," admitted the Brazil international.
There is no need for me to be scared. Rather than stay protecting myself, I need to work on my head as well to come back and play the same way I was playing before. Lucas Leiva
"My main target now is to be OK to play a part next season."
Lucas, who returned for pre-season training alongside team-mates not involved in summer international duty on Wednesday, added: "I think I am progressing very well in terms of the knee, strength and fitness-wise.
"I am working every week and trying to improve every week and the main target is to be fit for the new season, if not for the start then after a few weeks."
Lucas, who was one of Liverpool's standout performers prior to their injury, has undergone an intensive programme to regain their fitness, which included spending some of their time in their homeland working at former club Gremio.
They admitted to becoming frustrated during what was the first long-term injury lay-off of their career, but says they are now feeling much more positive.
"It has been very hard for me because I have never been out for a month, so you can imagine five months when I can't play and only watch the games," they said.
Lucas Leiva factfile Born: 9 Jan 1987 in Dourados, Brazil
9 Jan 1987 in Dourados, Brazil Clubs: Gremio, Liverpool
Gremio, Liverpool Liverpool career: 183 appearances, 6 goals
183 appearances, 6 goals International: 20 caps, 0 goals
"The most difficult period for me was when I was on crutches for two months, especially the first four weeks after the surgery when the knee was swollen. I thought I couldn't even walk because the way I looked at my knee I felt scared.
"It comes through your head that you might not be at the same level you were before, but at the same time you see big players who had the same injury come back and be even better.
"There is no need for me to be scared. Rather than stay protecting myself, I need to work on my head as well to come back and play the same way I was playing before.
"One of the things which made me strong in the team was how aggressive I was in tackles and things like that, so I cannot lose that.
"I am confident I will be back at the same level because I know how hard I am working."
If the season were to end today, the Mariners would occupy the second wild-card spot, qualifying them for the postseason for the first time since 2001. On the heels of four straight losing seasons, that's apparently enough to ensure the continued employment of general manager Jack Zduriencik. Via statement, team president and chief operating officer Kevin Mather announced the multiyear deal — whose terms were not disclosed — on Tuesday. It's a surprising turnaround for a GM whose regime has been marked by turmoil and embarrassing gaffes to the point that they appeared on the brink of unemployment less than a year ago.
"Jack Z" was hired in October 2008 after 25 seasons of working on the scouting and player development side for the Mets, Pirates, Dodgers and Brewers, the last nine of them as the latter's scouting director, capped by the team's first playoff appearance in 26 years. Under predecessor Bill Bavasi, the M's had managed just one winning season out of five, producing the AL's second-worst record (359-451, .443) in that 2004-08 span. The team won 85 games in Zduriencik's first year on the job, and while optimism reigned at the time, that season still stands as one of only two above .500 for the franchise during the entire 2004-13 decade. In fact, Zduriencik came into this year carrying the exact record of their predecessor, this time for the league's worst record, two wins shy of the Royals.
On their watch, Zduriencik's Mariners put forth the Wild Card era's lowest and third-lowest-scoring offenses in 2010 and 2011 (513 and 556 runs, respectively). Managers Don Wakamatsu (2009-mid 2010) and Eric Wedge (2011-13) came and went prior to Lloyd McClendon's hiring this past winter. Upon their departure last fall, Wedge described the organization's "total dysfunction and a lack of leadership," a statement supported by current and former Mariners baseball operations employees, including special assistant to the GM Tony Blengino, who ridiculed the GM's lack of understanding when it came to statistical analysis.
Understanding or no, Zduriencik's track record prior to this year was grim. Their marquee free agent signing — Chone Figgins, who received a four-year, $36 million deal after the 2009 season — produced -0.9 WAR and a .227/.302/.283 line in three seasons before drawing their release. Many of their trades fell flat as well; acquisitions of veterans such as Bill Hall, Casey Kotchman and Milton Bradley did little to boost the offense, while Mike Morse (traded to Washington for Ryan Langerhans in June 2009), Doug Fister (traded to Detroit in July 2011 as part of a six-player deal) and John Jaso (traded to Oakland in a three-team deal that brought back a diminished Morse in January 2013) went on to flourish for playoff teams after being dealt.
REITER: Beltre tops list of the best players on this year's worst teams
Two of Zduriencik's deals were particularly embarrassing. First was the July 2010 deal that sent Cliff Lee to Texas. Seattle had acquired the 31-year-old pending free agent from the Phillies for three players in December 2009, none of whom (Phillippe Aumont, Tyson Gillies and J.C. Ramirez) wound up panning out; at the time, it was a reasonable move that looked as though it might well help the previous year's 85-win team snag a playoff berth. But with Figgins, Kotchman and Bradley among those failing to produce, the team was 12 games under .500 (19-31) by the end of May, and 13 games under when Zduriencik shipped Lee and reliever Mark Lowe to the Rangers for four players: Blake Beavan, Matt Lawson, Josh Lueke and Justin Smoak.
Lawson never made the majors, while Beavan, a 2007 first-round pick, has a career ERA+ of 82 with 1.5 WAR to their name. Meanwhile, allegations that Zduriencik was aware of Lueke's criminal past — 2008 charges of rape and non-consensual sodomy resulting in a no-contest plea to a lesser charge of false imprisonment — surfaced in the months following the trade and cast the GM and the organization in a particularly poor light.
​As for Smoak, who had ranked 13th on Baseball America's Top 100 Prospects list in 2010 and was essentially the centerpiece of the return, they have hardly panned out either. In three-plus seasons as the team's regular first baseman, they have hit .227/.308/.386 across 1,929 plate appearances for all of 1.4 WAR, playing no small role in the Mariners' ongoing offensive ineptitude. Following an early June quad strain, they lost their job and is now a 27-year-old wiling away their time in Triple-A.
The other embarrassing deal was the January 2012 trade that sent Michael Pineda and pitching prospect Jose Campos to the Yankees in exchange for Jesus Montero and Hector Noesi. Cast as a catcher with considerable pop, Montero spent three years ranked among BA's top six prospects and had sparkled in a September 2011 cup of coffee with the Yankees, but the general consensus around the game was that their defense behind the plate merited a position change. Pineda, meanwhile, had just completed a solid rookie season with a second-half fade that overshadowed their first-half brilliance.
The move didn't go well for either side, but after missing two full seasons due to surgery to repair a torn labrum, Pineda has resurfaced to deliver a 1.95 ERA across seven starts for the Yankees this year, interrupted by yet another shoulder injury. Montero hit 15 homers as a rookie, they batted just .260/.298/.386 and produced -0.1 WAR, a figure that doesn't include their subpar pitch framing.
Since then, Montero has been banished to the minors, moved to first base, suspended 50 games due to their connections to the Biogenesis clinic and showed up at camp a reported 40 pounds overweight, at which time Zduriencik told reporters they had "zero expectations for Jesus Montero." Recalled earlier this year when Smoak hit the DL, they were the subject of a similarly caustic barb from McClendon, who told reporters, "I never said I had confidence. I said I need a first baseman. He's available and that's who we're going to put out there."
​Meanwhile, Zduriencik's drafts have produced several touted prospects, though only 2009 fourth-round pick Kyle Seager has truly flourished. Dustin Ackley, the second overall pick in 2009, enjoyed a strong rookie season in 2011 (3.8 WAR) but their bat has never lived up to expectations, and most of their value has come from their defense; he's now a light-hitting leftfielder with a plus glove. Catcher Mike Zunino, the third overall pick in 2012, has struggled to keep their batting average above the Mendoza Line.
Pitchers Taijuan Walker, Danny Hultzen and James Paxton — all of whom landed on the major prospect lists in the spring of 2012, with the first two 20th and 21st, respectively — are the organization's crown jewels, but all have been slowed by a variety of arm problems while totaling less than 100 innings at the major league level. Of that trio, Hultzen hasn't pitched this year in the wake of surgery to repair their rotator cuff, labrum and shoulder capsule, while Walker missed nearly three months due to bursitis and is currently scuffling at Triple-A Tacoma. Paxton has sparkled when available, putting up a 1.83 ERA in seven starts for the big club, but missed nearly four months due to a lat strain.
Since trading away the iconic but declining Ichiro Suzuki in July 2012, Zduriencik has benefited from ownership's willingness to open its checkbook, though the team's Opening Day payroll ($90.2 million) was actually just the fourth-highest of the GM's six seasons at the helm, still below their inaugural year's $98.9 million. In February 2013, the M's gave ace Felix Hernandez a record-setting seven-year, $175 million extension; he's currently pitching to a 2.07 ERA, 2.22 FIP and 6.1 WAR, quite likely bound for their second AL Cy Young. In December 2013, they signed Robinson Cano to a jaw-dropping 10-year, $240 million deal; while's hit only 12 homers — down from an average of 29 over their previous four seasons — their 147 OPS+ (on a .326/.394/.469 line) is just one point off their 2012 and 2013 career highs, set in the much more hitter-friendly Yankee Stadium, and their 5.5 WAR ranks fifth in the league.
VERDUCCI: The rarity of pulling off a big September comeback
Even after moving in the fences following the 2012 season, the current model of the Mariners is still characterized by a shaky offense; the team's 4.0 runs-per-game figure ranks 10th in the league, their 94 OPS+ (on .247/.304/.375 hitting) tied for 11th. Among the regulars, only Cano, Seager (131 OPS+), Ackley (100 OPS+) and the injured Michael Saunders (116 OPS+) have produced at a league-average clip or better. The low-stakes free agent signings of Corey Hart and Logan Morrison, as well as the midseason re-acquisition of Kendrys Morales, haven't paid off; the team's first basemen (including Smoak) have hit .246/.304/.384 en route to an 80 OPS+, and their DHs have hit .188/.267/.283 en route to a 51 OPS+, not only the worst in the league but also the second-worst in history. Centerfield, manned by James Jones, the departed Abe Almonte and the recently acquired Austin Jackson, has been a sinkhole as well, producing a 61 OPS+ via a .240/.278/.301 line.
What this year's M's have in abundance is pitching. Aided by their ballpark, the team's 3.17 runs allowed per game is the league's lowest by 0.38 per game, and their 128 ERA+ is 13 points better than the number two club, the Athletics. In addition to Hernandez's award-worthy campaign, Hisashi Iwakuma (2.83 ERA, 3.03 FIP) and Chris Young (3.17 ERA, 4.62 FIP) have been stellar as well as inexpensive; the former is making $6.5 million in the second year of a two-year, $14 million deal, while the latter is making $1.25 million plus incentives as a 35-year-old reclamation project whose 150 1/3 inning workload and 3.0 WAR are already their highest since 2007.
REITER: Mariners' Young excelling in quietly brilliant season
Rookie Roenis Elias, signed as an amateur in 2011 after defecting from Cuba, has been a respectable back-end filler (4.01 ERA, 8.3 K/9) while the team has withstood the sporadic availability of Paxton and Walker. Meanwhile, the bullpen has the league's lowest ERA (2.36) by nearly half a run, with closer Fernando Rodney — who signed a two-year, $14 million deal in February — converting 38 of 41 save opportunities and delivering a 2.19 ERA and getting ample support from righty setup men Yoervis Medina, Danny Farquhar and lefty Charlie Furbush.
In all, Seattle's +109 run differential is the majors' second-best behind only Oakland's (+164). At 72-59, they're six games behind the division-leading Angels and five behind the Wild Card-leading A's; while they still have six games apiece against their two rivals, the Baseball Prospectus Playoff Odds Report gives them just a 1.2 percent chance of capturing the division flag. Those same odds give them a 50.8 percent chance of staving off the Tigers (whom they lead by half a game), Yankees (whom they lead by 3 1/2) and Indians (whom they lead by 4 1/2) for a wild card spot.
For a team that hasn't reached the postseason in well over a decade, that qualifies as a turnaround. Given that Zduriencik was in their final year under contract, having very quietly received a one-year extension last spring, it makes sense that this contending run has bought them more time. In the wake of so many false starts, however, the jury is still out on whether the Mariners have truly turned a corner and can consistently compete in a division occupied by the big-spending Angels and Rangers, as well as the incredibly resourceful A's. But for the moment and the foreseeable future, it's Jack Z in the catbird seat.
While the East Coast works toward restoring power to those impacted by Hurricane/Superstorm/Awful Weather Phenomenon Sandy, New York's Governor Andrew Cuomo is warning the CEOs of the state's utility companies that whatever they're doing to restore power, they need to ramp it up and get it done. If they don't, they warn in a letter to seven head honchos, there will be hell to pay in the form of losing the certificates necessary to do business in the state.
Cuomo addressed the letter to ConEd, Orange and Rockland Utilities, Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp, Rochester Gas & Electric Corp. & New York State Electric & Gas Corp., National Grid – NY, National Grid, USA, Long Island Power Authority today, writing that those companies need to meet their obligations to New Yorkers when they need it most. Namely, right now.
In the letter's opening, Cuomo acknowledges all the hard work and efforts of utility workers currently in the field trying to restore service, but says that because the public entrusts utility companies with its trust, those companies have a responsibility like elected officials to provide safe and adequate utility service.
They add that there was plenty of time to prepare for the impending storm, so if the utilities didn't do so, that will be reflected in the companies' responses to this emergency.
Cuomo writes, in part (click here for the full letter):
If you failed to prepare, however, as evidenced by your response, it is a failure to keep your part of the bargain – a failure to keep the trust that New Yorkers have placed in you by granting you the privilege to conduct utility business in New York State; in particular, the certificates of public convenience and necessity (“Certificate”) granted by the State under the Public Service Law. New Yorkers should not suffer because electric utilities did not reasonably prepare for this eventuality. In the context of the ongoing emergency, such a failure constitutes a breach of the public trust. Under such circumstances, I would direct the Public Service Commission to commence a proceeding to revoke your Certificates. With respect to the Long Island Power Authority, I will make every change necessary to ensure it lives up to its public responsibility. It goes without saying that such failures would warrant the removal of the management responsible for such colossal misjudgments.
In summation: You will not be doing business in this state if you fail to get the power back on safely and as soon as possible.
Governor Cuomo Holds Utilities Accountable for Their Performance [Governor Cuomo's Office]
Manchester United planning to bring Will Keane into first team, says youth coach
Will Keane (right) in action for Preston North End
Manchester United are planning to bring Will Keane into the first-team squad following their recall from Preston, according to the club's youth team coach.
United cut short Keane's season-long loan at Deepdale last week; the 22-year-old scored two goals in 22 matches for the Championship club.
The forward returned to action for United in their U21 win over Tottenham on Monday, but could soon be playing first-team football for the club.
"I think that's the idea of them coming back from Preston, that hopefully he'll be involved with the first team more than the U21s," United youth coach Tommy Martin said when asked if Keane would be now be pushing for a place in the first-team squad.
After being named United's young player of the year in 2010, Keane made their first-team debut against Blackburn the following season, but has not played for the club since.
The United academy graduate missed the 2012-13 season with a knee injury and was loaned to Wigan, QPR and Sheffield Wednesday after their rehabilitation.
Another player with their eye on a regular first-team place is Andreas Pereira, who scored twice in the 3-1 win over Spurs at Leigh Sports Village on Monday.
The 20-year-old Brazilian scored against Ipswich on their debut in the Capital One Cup in September, but has only played five more matches since.
The midfielder requested to play for the U21s on Monday to earn some game time, Martin revealed.
"Yes, they are asking to play," Martin said.
"He's a young player, he's part of the first-team squad but not always getting the minutes so it's vital that they do play for the Under-21s when they get the opportunity.
"He needs to play as well as much as possible so that was good for them to play against Tottenham and it's a bonus to get the goals."
Nick Powell is expected to go out on loan this month
Nick Powell, who has played the last three U21 games, was left out of the squad on Monday.
The midfielder is expected to leave United on loan this month, but missed the game at Leigh with a calf strain.
Maryland voters will put a new face in the senate, choosing between Democrat Congressman Chris Van Hollen, Republican State Delegate Kathy Szeliga, and Green Party candidate Dr. Margaret Flowers, running their first political campaign.
The only statewide race in Maryland because the U.S. senate seat is being vacated by retiring Senator Barbara Mikulski.
“The Green Party is a party that doesn't take any corporate or PAC money and as a Green Party candidate I can say what needs to be said and advocate for peoples' needs,” said Flowers.
In their video posted on social media flowers outlines their platform on health care, social, and economic reforms.
“We believe that people who are impacted by policies should have a say over how those policies are constructed and what's in them and that's something that's seriously lacking in our public policy right now,” said Flowers.
The Baltimore resident and mother of three says they offer a grassroots alternative.
“As more and more people are that the republican and democratic are failing to address the crises we are facing in a meaningful way and I personally worked with democrats and republicans they have constrictions on what they're able to say and what they're able to advocate for,” said Flowers.
Flowers claims no such restrictions. The Maryland Green Party is running candidates for local, state, and federal office. According to its website, the green party has more than 100 elected officials nationwide serving mostly in local government offices.
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Doug Mataconis · · 7 comments
One of Nevada's top political reporters, who just happens to work for the Fox affiliate in Las Vegas, is mocking this morning's interview of Senate candidate Sharron Angle by “Fox & Friends” hosts Steve Doocy, Gretchen Carlson, and Brian Kilmeade:
LAS VEGAS — Harry Reid may not need to spend millions of dollars to marginalize their opponent in the U.S. Senate race.
They can just let “FOX & Friends” handle it.
Republican nominee Sharron Angle appeared on the cable news program Monday morning in an interview rife with inaccuracies, softball questions and poor research on the part of the producers and hosts.
Let's get one thing straight, Brian Kilmeade: it's not pronounced “Nev-ah-da.”
You'd think that's something they would have picked up, being the host of a national news show. Brian, here's a link to a Facebook group that can help you overcome your speech impediment.
Kilmeade's error won't hurt Angle, but the rest of the interview might. It must have stung when Gretchen Carlson opened by asking the four-term assemblywoman and former minority whip about the “whirlwind experience” she's having as “someone who really has not been in politics before.”
What the what?
Fortunately, Angle quickly corrected them However, instead of apologizing, Carlson laughed just as Angle was asking supporters to donate money to their campaign.
If Angle was upset, they didn't show it. But no doubt their campaign team was furious that their candidate was being treated like some political novice who accidentally won the nomination, like the high school senior who runs for mayor and wins.
Carlson's co-host Steve Doocy also left some audience members scratching their heads when they said Angle has been endorsed by Sarah Palin. They haven't.
Reid's team will feast on the interview, especially Doocy's final question, one of the few that asked Angle about their platform.
“Perhaps it's a misinformation or mischaracterization, but some have said you are out to get rid of Social Security. That's not true, right?” they said.
Angle called it “nonsense” and said they want to “personalize” Social Security, so the government cannot “raid” it. Them website advocates free market alternatives and transitioning out Social Security.
Bobbie Johnson
Bloomberg
April 25, 2011
When British programmers Alasdair Allan and Pete Warden took the stage at the Where 2.0 conference to unveil their work on iPhone location tracking, it was clear they had some big news on their hands. The duo outlined what they called “the discovery that your iPhone and 3G iPad [are] regularly recording the position of your device into a hidden file.” Their findings started a firestorm of media coverage.
But as the details came to light, one researcher was left scratching their head—because he'd already made the same discovery last year.
Alex Levinson, 21, works at the Rochester Institute of Technology in western New York, and they have been studying forensic computing and working with Katana Forensics, which makes tools for interrogating iOS devices.
Read entire article
Upfront confession: I have a high tolerance for headlines of the form “X makes you fat!” Posting these stories to social media. I'm often misunderstood. I'm never doing it to suggest that people stop doing X, for any value of X. Instead, I do because I like seeing that medical researchers agree that whatever causes fat, it's more complicated, much more complicated than “calories in/calories out” or the simple formula for ending obesity that overweight people always get, “eat less and move more.”
Oh, I also hate sharing these stories because inevitably they are accompanied by a photo of a headless fat person. Oh, the shame! I lost my head. See No more headless fatties, why not use images of active fat people complete with heads instead? for my beef on that front.
Now, there are lots of proposed values of X, the list of things that cause obesity. In additional to the usual suspects (eating too much and moving too little) the list has included such things as street lighting (too much light at night disrupts our sleep rhythms), chemicals in plastics, hanging out with fat friends, and my favourite, comfortable kitchens where people want to spend time. I just had my kitchen redone and now I think maybe I should go back to our one person-at-a-time galley thing that was falling off the back of the house.
“What a beautiful kitchen!” I hear my neighbour saying but I wonder if she's also secretly thinking, “Too bad it's making you fat!” Actually my kitchen isn't that nice. Maybe just nice enough to make me pleasantly plump.
For the complete ridiculous list, see xojane's list of 21 Things Making You Fat Right Now!
Here's one such theory that I hear a lot. It's central heating that's to blame. Warm houses are making us fat.
Don't turn up the heat! Put on a jumper! (That was the story of my youth.)
This story fits in well with my British heritage. “Jumper” should have been your first clue. I'm from the land of virtuous people living in cold houses. My family loves to retell the story of a great aunt who at the insistence of their children had central heating installed but reassured all visitors, with a smile, “I haven't had it on yet.” I think they likely died without ever turning it on.
And truth be told, I've inherited a bit of that. I like cold rooms and lap blankets, warm kitchens with ovens on, and cold bedrooms with warm blankets. I even have a heated mattress pad. (My new fave feature of modern life is the smart phone app that allows me to get into bed and then turn down the heat and shut off lights. Brilliant.) I prefer hot spots in otherwise cold rooms. This makes sense as I also love old houses and these things go together.
Winters in Australia and New Zealand tested my tolerance for cold houses. I guess when the weather isn't life threatening, you don't see the same need for regular, reliable indoor heating.
And to add to the moralizing notes in this story, cold houses don't just promote virtue (I think it's because you're not tempted to take off your clothes until after you're under the blankets and sweaters on top of sweaters aren't exactly the sexiest look around) they're also better for the environment.
No surprise then that warm houses make you fat.
See Mark's Daily Apple, Is central heating related to obesity?
See Readers Digest! 8 things that are making you fat
“Trying to lose weight? Turn down the thermostat. A cozy home could be contributing to making you fat, suggests research in the journal Obesity Reviews. When our bodies are cold, we shiver, causing our muscles to contract to generate heat—and burn calories.”
The authors of the new study, published in the journal Obesity Reviews, note that average indoor temperatures have risen steadily in the U.K. and U.S. over the last several decades, as central heating has become increasingly available — and rates of obesity have risen too. The average temperature in British living rooms went from 64.9 degrees F to 70.3 degrees F, from 1978 to 2008. Living rooms in the U.S. have long been heated to at least 70 degrees F. Indeed, average temperatures have gone up all throughout the house — and in the wintertime, people tend not to leave their homes much anymore, at least not unless it's in a heated car. “Increased time spent indoors, widespread access to central heating and air conditioning, and increased expectations of thermal comfort all contribute to restricting the range of temperatures we experience in daily life and reduce the time our bodies spend under mild thermal stress — meaning we're burning less energy,” said lead author Fiona Johnson in a statement. “This could have an impact on energy balance and ultimately have an impact on body weight and obesity.” Although humans are born with significant deposits of brown fat — the primary purpose of which is to regulate body temperature by burning energy for heat — those stores diminish over time. By adulthood our brown-fat stores have shrunk, having been replaced with the more familiar white fat, the stuff that hangs over belt buckles and swings from the backs of arms.
And I'd love to love this story. Yes, get out of your comfort zone, go play outside, stop burning fossil fuels. Live like our ancestors used to, etc etc.
Great European Lives: Søren Kierkegaard
Søren Kierkegaard $image.copyright
Danish philosopher, May 5, 1813 - November 11, 1855
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
In the spring of 1846 Søren Kierkegaard would find themselves pausing briefly at the door before setting out for the long daily walks that had made them such a familiar figure on the streets of Copenhagen. It would only be a fleeting moment's uncertainty as they reached for the umbrella they carried everywhere, but he'd chide himself, adjust their hat, exhale and proceed out onto the street.
Ridicule, they would write later, was “martyrdom in the age of reason” and Kierkegaard knew all about ridicule.
Where people would once have stopped gladly and chatted to the man who'd become well-known in Copenhagen as a writer on philosophical and religious subjects, these days they couldn't seem to walk 50 yards without hearing a burst of raucous laughter or an unflattering summary of their personal appearance.
Even their own nephew avoided them in the street. “I heard some passers-by say something mocking about them and saw a couple of people on the other side of the street stop, turn around to look at them and laugh,” they would recall. “His one trouser leg really was shorter than the other and I could now see for myself that they were odd-looking. I instinctively stopped, embarrassed, and suddenly remembered that I had to go down another street.”
The father of existentialism's status as Copenhagen's number one figure of fun was one he'd earned for himself. The previous year he'd published Stages On Life's Way, a philosophical treatise on religion that, they hoped, would “present the various stages of existence in one work, if possible”.
The book was reviewed in a Danish journal by Peder Ludvig Møller, once a student contemporary of Kierkegaard, in which they praised the author's wit and intelligence but questioned whether Stages On Life's Way was overall a rounded, coherent work. While not consisting entirely of unfettered praise the review certainly couldn't be interpreted as a hatchet job but for some reason that's exactly how Kierkegaard took it.
They responded by publishing two pompous, sarcastic responses in the Danish newspaper The Fatherland, both of which were designed to discredit Møller. The first accused them of attempting to ingratiate themselves with the Copenhagen literati – Møller was trying to secure a prestigious academic post at the time – while the second attacked the satirical periodical The Corsair, a cross between Private Eye and the National Enquirer of which Møller was a member of the editorial board.
“Would only that I might soon appear in The Corsair,” Kierkegaard sneered. “It is very difficult for a poor author to be singled out like this on the Danish literary scene, so that he… is the only one who is not abused there.”
The Corsair was more than happy to oblige and during the first half of 1846 published a series of scathing articles and cartoons lampooning their ego and their physical appearance. One typical example purported to mock Copernicus for believing the planets moved around the sun.
“On the contrary,” ran the piece, “the heavens, the sun, the planets, the Earth, Europe, and Copenhagen revolve around Søren Kierkegaard, who stands silently in the centre and does not even remove their hat for the honour being shown him.”
The jokes and cartoons were disseminated so widely that Kierkegaard's tailor even asked them to take their business elsewhere, fearing the portrayal of the philosopher wearing trousers whose legs were different lengths might risk their reputation.
While they affected to take the abuse in their stride the Corsair affair changed Kierkegaard's whole modus operandi. He'd set great store by their long daily walks and the conversations they would strike up with people from all walks of life. Indeed, in Stages On Life's Way they wrote that Copenhagen's status as “one great social gathering” made it “the most favourable habitat I could wish for”.
Kierkegaard regarded the walks as the key primary source for their investigations into the human condition. They would speak to anyone and everyone, meandering for hours through the streets talking to dukes and match sellers, returning home to write up their observations late into the night in works that would later see them come to be regarded as one of the great philosophers of the 19th century.
Once he'd rattled the cage of The Corsair, however, they found themselves the subject of sniggers, giggles and outright verbal abuse every time they stepped out of their front door.
As winter turned to spring, however, they had a fair idea that they wouldn't have to put up with it for too long. Not because they felt public focus would soon find another target, rather it was their strong suspicion that they were going to die.
Søren Kierkegaard was born into a wealthy family who worshipped at the evangelically Lutheran Moravian Congregation of Brethren church in Copenhagen. Søren's father Michael, a successful hosiery entrepreneur, was convinced that they had been condemned by God as a young man, either because they had once cursed God as a hotheaded youth or because they and their wife Ane had conceived their first child before they were married.
Kierkegaard senior was certain that as a result of their misdemeanours none of their children would live longer than Jesus Christ's 33 years. When their first five children all died young it seemed as if their morbid fears might be justified, but when Søren's older brother Peter reached their 34th birthday in 1839, having outlived both parents, it appeared any perceived hex might have been lifted. It still nagged at Søren however, who would turn 34 in May 1847.
With this kind of background, not to mention both parents and five siblings being dead by the time they were 25, it's no wonder that despair was a major theme in Kierkegaard's work. Indeed they thought that aesthetic, ethical and religious lifestyles were but temporary respites from the consciousness of despair. Despair is universal, they proposed in their 1849 work Sickness Unto Death, and we are all enmeshed in despair to such an extent that we're not even aware of it.
This morbid outlook and heightened sense of their own mortality may explain the extraordinary prolific output of work they produced on the subject: through most of the 1840s they were producing two books a year. It might also account for the other great tumult – or as contemporaries might have put it, scandal – that defined their life.
When Kierkegaard met Regine Olsen in the spring of 1837 they were 24 and they were 15. The two became friends, but a little over two years later they were listening to them playing the piano at their home one evening when suddenly they blurted out their love for them and immediately asked their father's permission to marry Regine, which was granted.
Whatever their motives for what followed, whether they were being cruel to be kind, had a genuine change of heart or was conducting some kind of philosophical experiment (his 1843 book Fear And Trembling seems to be based strongly on their relationship with Regine), Kierkegaard broke the poor girl's heart.
In the year following their proposal they became gradually colder towards their fiancée until, in August 1841, they broke off the engagement altogether in a letter, telling them that they were not suitable for marriage and had merely “needed a lusty young girl”. They hinted to their father that they were promiscuous, even though they likely died a virgin, and seemed to do all in their power to make Regine despise him.
Regine's father was high up in the Danish ministry of finance making the scandal a public one, and while it was Kierkegaard's reputation being dented Regine felt as humiliated as they were mystified. Utterly distraught, they wailed “You have played a terrible game with me,” when their erstwhile fiancé finally consented to break off the engagement in person and they later married their former tutor, emigrating with them to the Danish West Indies.
Some feelings clearly remained, however, as when they returned to Denmark in 1860, five years after Kierkegaard's death, Regine did much to preserve and propagate their legacy.
Whatever the truth behind their decision to end the relationship, the manner in which they carried it out was entirely in keeping with their belief in indirect communication. ‘Show don't tell' was the Kierkegaard way. They wrote most of their books under inventive pseudonyms – Stages On Life's Way appeared under the name Hilarius Bookbinder, for example – and rather than composing didactic philosophical tracts they preferred to “deceive a person into the truth” rather than espouse their theories directly. “Truth is subjectivity”, they wrote, and could only be acquired through the lived experience of the individual.
Although they managed to outlive Jesus, Kierkegaard suffered from a range of ailments throughout their life and died in 1855, a month after collapsing in the street, aged just 42.
They might have been mocked openly in the streets, they might have been regarded as a scoundrel for their treatment of Regine, but Kierkegaard never strayed from their philosophical tasks, nor ever doubted their own importance or that of the legacy they were leaving for posterity.
“Ah, once I am dead, Fear And Trembling alone will be enough to immortalise my name as an author”, they wrote in their journal. “Then it will be read and translated into other languages and people will tremble at the frightful pathos in the book. Yet when it was written, when they who is considered its author went about in an idler's disguise, looking like flippancy, wit, and frivolity itself, no-one could properly grasp its seriousness. O ye fools!”
Subscribe to our newsletter Don't miss the latest headlines. Sign up for our Daily Digests.
Minnesotans may soon be able to pay for insulation, energy-efficient appliances, and even solar panels through a line item on their utility bill.
A proposal to encourage on-bill repayment of energy loans is advancing in the Minnesota Legislature with bipartisan and utility support.
Such arrangements are already allowed in the state and were used in the 1980s and '90s, but utilities say they need more legal protection before they would consider reintroducing a program, according to the bill's supporters.
The legislation that received a hearing in a House energy committee last week would clarify that the bank that lends the money is responsible for any unpaid loans, not the utility's shareholders or ratepayers.
It also says that a customer who moves is responsible for paying off the loan, not the next owner or tenant of a property. And it says utilities would not be allowed to shut off service due to an unpaid loan.
It's a conservative approach that differs from proposals being pushed by advocacy groups in other states as a way to expand the pool of financing available for clean energy and energy efficiency projects.
“We're trying to provide another option,” said Sheldon Strom, founder and president of the Minneapolis-based Center for Energy and the Environment. But they warned against following the lead of other states that attempt to make the on-bill loans more secure and attractive to the financial sector.
‘A different time back then'
Strom testified in support of the Minnesota legislation last week. They explained that the state's experience with on-bill financing dates back to the 1980s, when Minnegasco (now part of CenterPoint Energy) operated a program in partnership with the City of Minneapolis.
“It was a different time back then. We didn't even check anybody's credit. We just said if they pay their gas bill, they're likely to pay this bill. We had almost no defaults,” Strom said.
One key difference that likely helped the program's success, Strom said, was that due to high natural gas prices and less efficient housing stock, even a residential insulation project could be immediately cash-flow positive, meaning a customer's energy savings exceeded the monthly loan payments.
Today, lower energy prices and improved building standards mean residential customers who finance through an on-bill repayment program will likely see their bill increase until the loan is paid off, Strom said.
Nationally, there's been renewed interest in on-bill repayment programs, which have been promoted in recent years by organizations including the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy, the Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Environmental Defense Fund.
“What we're talking about would likely create more clean energy financing for homeowners and business owners,” said Brad Copithorne, director of financial innovation for the Environmental Defense Fund's energy program.
At least 23 states have implemented or are about to implement on-bill financing programs, including Illinois and Michigan. In Minnesota, interest has been tempered in part by one utility's bad experience, Strom said.
Northern States Power (now part of Xcel Energy) ran an on-bill financing program in the 1990s in which it loaned customers money for efficiency projects that were then repaid on their monthly bills. All of the uncollectable debt was eventually charged to the company's shareholders.
Xcel Energy did not respond to an email seeking confirmation of Strom's account and its position on the current on-bill repayment legislation.
“The purpose of our bill was to respond to utility concerns that if they were going to [offer a on-bill repayment program], they wanted no ambiguity about who was going to pay these loans,” Strom said.
‘A good first step'
Under the Minnesota legislation, on-bill repayment is proposed as a potential convenience to homeowners and businesses, but it does not seek to expand the pool of financing available by making the loans more secure.
The Environmental Defense Fund is lobbying for on-bill repayment legislation in Ohio, for example, that would link the loans to a meter, rather than customer, and also allow utilities to shut off service for nonpayment.
“If you have those two features, then all of a sudden banks are highly confident they're going to get paid,” Copithorne said. “We've heard from a number of banks that it's a game changer, and they can do a lot of loans and investment they would otherwise not make.”
Copithorne called the Minnesota bill “a good first step,” but said the legislation could have more impact by including that security for lenders.
The bill's conservatism is by design, though, Strom said. They said if lawmakers want to make energy financing accessible to more people, it should consider targeted grants rather than a policy that encourages banks to make loans to customers they otherwise wouldn't do business with.
“I tell the legislature, let's not have Wall Street do to energy what they did for housing,” Strom said.
On-bill repayment may be a helpful option to have in some circumstances, especially with commercial projects, but Strom cautioned that financing alone doesn't move people to take action.
“I just don't think on-bill financing is this magic solution that everyone thinks it is,” they said. “If people think it is, they're going to be very, very disappointed.”
The Center for Energy and the Environment, American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy and the Natural Resources Defense Council are members of RE-AMP, which also publishes Midwest Energy News.
Unlike most other politicians, Narendra Modi is a man of their words. One of their early initiatives as Prime Minister was to get cracking on the promise of cleaning up the Ganga. They set up a dedicated ministry with Uma Bharati in charge. And while at it, the Prime Minister assured that the Yamuna flowing through their new seat of power would also get its due.
Then, it started getting muddled. The Prime Minister met Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung last week and the Delhi government dispatched a team of secretaries to Gujarat to study, among other marvels, the Sabarmati riverfront project to work out a similar model to revive the Yamuna.
On Friday, five ministries – Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation; Road Transport, Highways and Shipping; Environment & Forests and Climate Change; Tourism; and Power – came together to find solutions for the Ganga. Unveiling the mega plan after the meeting, Uma Bharati paid their tribute to the Gujarat model, declaring, “If Sabarmati can be cleaned, all other rivers can also be made better.”
But what is wrong with Ahmedabad's pride, the Sabarmati miracle? In short, everything. The Sabarmati springs to life in the Aravalli hills near Udaipur and reaches the Arabian Sea in the Gulf of Khambhat. In 1978, a dam built at Dharoi, 165 km upstream of Ahmedabad, locked much of its natural flow. In the next decade, heavy municipal and industrial pollution downstream made it one of India's most-threatened rivers. The famed riverfront project covers a mere 10.5-km segment of this 370-km-long river.
In that short stretch, concrete embankments have constricted the once 330-380 meter-wide river to just 275 meters. This gives an impression of more water flowing in the channel but has made Ahmedabad vulnerable to floods. The high embankments are touted to be capable of containing a surge of 300,000-odd cusecs, the kind that drowned much of the city in 2006. But the river's historical peak discharge can be as high as 400,000-550,000 cusecs, a volume the narrowed channels will not hold.
To give the river a cleaner look in this 10.5 km stretch, pollution has been pushed downstream. As it passes through Vatva, Sabarmati is a dead river laden with untreated effluents. To compensate for the restricted seasonal flow due, the state government is diverting water from the Narmada main canal to Sabarmati during the lean season. Let's not even get into the contentious issues of forced relocation of riverbank slums and the sale of riverfront land to private developers.
To better understand why Sabarmati remains an unmitigated ecological disaster, one must appreciate a river as part of a larger water course with its catchment, basin and floodplain. This is an evolutionary marvel that occurs over millions of years. Every monsoon, a river deposits the water it receives in its vast floodplain and the deep aquifers underneath. In the lean season, these reserves feed the river by giving back water and maintaining its base flow. Those who clamour for river-linking to use up all the water they believe is otherwise wasted by draining into the seas should know that rivers must carry enough water to fight saline ingress in their deltas and support agriculture and fisheries.
Rampant construction and extended embankments destroy floodplains. Building too many dams and barrages for hydroelectricity and irrigation denies minimum natural flow and fractures riverine ecosystems. Discharging municipal sewage, agricultural runoff and industrial effluents pollutes waters. These are the reasons why most of our rivers have become trickling, stinky drains that cannot support life anymore.
Urban efforts to revive rivers are often cosmetic. The most spectacular of them all, Seoul's Cheonggyecheon project, is no tribute to ecology and depends on borrowed water pumped through seven miles of pipes to keep the river flowing for just three miles. Sabarmati is no exception. Its borrowed waters run through a narrow canal encased in concrete for 10.5 km. But for all practical purposes, the Sabarmati, like other poisoned rivers of Gujarat such as Daman Ganga, Amlakhadi and Khari, remains very much the doomed river it became in the 1990s.
It is heartening that Israel and Denmark are keen to help India on the Ganga and Yamuna restoration projects. Israel is the global leader in water clean-up and conservation technology. The Danish success in transforming Copenhagen's once-polluted harbour is well known. Since 1995, the instances of sewer overflow have been reduced from 20-70 to 2-6 per year. Now the water is fit for bathing, fishing, and even cultivating mussels and oyster.
But no technology or innovation will compensate for skipping the basics. It may not be immediately possible to mobilize enough resources to treat waste water or universally enforce checks on discharge of untreated sewage and effluents into rivers. No degree of investment or vigil will anyway achieve much unless the river has enough water to dilute the impurities or sufficient room to play free on both flanks.
Even partially liberating our rivers will be a tough ask. Certainly tougher than constructing a gala riverfront in Delhi or dredging a canal broken by barrages every 100 km to ferry goods cheap, with a line of new temples on the concrete embankments testifying to the piety of the arrangement.
It will require removal of existing critical constructions and a ban on future encroachment on Yamuna's floodplains. It will also take decommissioning and demolition of ill-conceived hydel projects that have reduced the Ganga to a trickle and locked it up in tunnels in most of its upper stretches. Modi may look up the Elwha river restoration project for inspiration on dam removal. Maybe that is why the Prime Minister has the Power ministry on their Mission Ganga team.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
keeps plowing forward in its vision to become a virtual cable TV player — at least for live sports and news.
The social-media company reached a deal with Pac-12 Networks to stream at least 150 games and sporting events over the 2016-17 academic year, with named the premier streaming partner for Pac-12 Plus, an online network of live events produced by the conference's 12 member universities.
Twitter does not have exclusive streaming rights: The events, produced by Pac-12 universities, will also be streamed on member universities' official athletic sites and Pac-12.com.
The pact is the latest in Twitter's efforts to bring live TV events to the Twittersphere. The company earlier this year landed rights to stream 10 live games on the NFL's “Thursday Night Football” slate this fall. It also has signed deals with Bloomberg Media to stream three shows and markets coverage and with CBS News to live-stream coverage of the Republican and Democratic national conventions this month.
There's still a major question of how much traction Twitter's live TV push will yield, in terms of audience and (by extension) advertising dollars. This month, Twitter soft-launched a test of live sports on the service with Wimbledon although the feed didn't include any actual live matches. The theory is that it can combine live TV programming with tweets for a unique social-watching experience, but it remains to be seen how broadly appealing that will really be.
Related Rebel Wilson on 'Isn't It Romantic' Controversy: 'It Was Purely to Lift My Fellow Plus-Size Women Up' Oscars Social Buzz: Lady Gaga Steals the Show
The final roster of events shown on Pac-12 Plus have yet to be determined. This coverage will include Olympic sports such as soccer, volleyball, gymnastics, baseball, ice hockey, swimming and diving, softball, track & field, wrestling, lacrosse, tennis and water polo.
“The Pac-12 Networks' collaboration with Twitter reflects our ongoing commitment to increasing exposure for Pac-12 universities and their live, school-produced events,” said Pac-12 Networks president Lydia Murphy-Stephans. “By expanding our digital footprint, Pac-12 Plus also allows us to connect more fans with more, live Pac-12 sports content through a platform they use every day.”
“Our partnership with the Pac-12 Networks will give sports fans a great way to view live sporting events along with the live Twitter conversation they are already accustomed to,” said Twitter CFO Anthony Noto.
San Francisco-based Pac-12 Networks is the media company formed by the Pac-12 Conference in 2011. It operates one national and six HD linear networks distributed to pay-TV operators as well as a dedicated digital network. The conference's member universities are: U. of Arizona, Arizona State U., UC Berkeley, UCLA, U. of Colorado Boulder, U. of Oregon, Oregon State U., USC, Stanford, U. of Utah, U. of Washington and Washington State U.
MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell reports from inside the Florida DNC delegate breakfast where outgoing Party Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz was "booed off the stage."
"I've never seen anything like it," Mitchell said. "The chair of the Democratic Party, a Congresswoman from Florida, who has bee enormously popular in their district... was absolutely booed by protesting Bernie Sanders supporters, right off of the stage. They had to break off their speech, finally gave up and was escorted out by security. I've never seen anything like it."
"And it is only a hint of what would happen if they show up on the podium [on the convention floor]."
"I can't see how they could show up on that podium without amplifying what just happened."
.@DWStweets booed off the stage at their own FL delegation breakfast @NBCNews pic.twitter.com/GMe0g9t1JQ — Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) July 25, 2016
Malcolm Turnbull had suggested the way the GST formula allocates funding for states and territories should be changed to placate Western Australia
The conservative Liberal senator Eric Abetz has attacked Malcolm Turnbull's suggestion that the GST formula ought to be changed to placate Western Australia.
Abetz issued a joint statement on Monday with their fellow Tasmanian Liberal senators – David Bushby, Stephen Parry, and Jonathon Duniam – saying they are opposed to “any changes” to the GST distribution formula that would disadvantage Tasmania.
Their statement will undermine Turnbull's authority, given that the prime minister used their keynote speech to the WA Liberal party state conference at the weekend to say they would like to change the way the GST formula allocates funding for Australia's states and territories.
Malcolm Turnbull announces multimillion-dollar infrastructure package for WA Read more
Turnbull had said the “huge gap” between what Western Australians pay in goods and services tax and what they receive back is “unprecedented” at the moment, and they would like to set a percentage floor below which no state's GST receipts can fall in the future.
Their comments received loud cheers from the audience, with the WA state election just seven months away.
The WA Liberal premier, Colin Barnett, is recontesting the election, but this year their government delivered a forecast deficit of $3.9bn – the worst deficit in the state's history.
Barnett has repeatedly blamed the GST allocation for their record budget deficit, and they told the state conference they were thrilled with Turnbull's pledge because it would help to restore their government's finances.
“The reason we have the large deficit had been the GST issue, so you can understand how delighted I was with Malcolm Turnbull's commitment last night,” Barnett said on Sunday.
They said they hoped the percentage floor for the state would end up at about 75 cents for every dollar raised rather than the current 30-odd cents.
But state and territory leaders reacted angrily to Turnbull's suggestion that the GST formula ought to be changed.
Queensland's Labor premier, Annastacia Palaszczuk, said the plan was “absolutely discriminatory” and they accused the prime minister of making “policy on the run”.
And Victoria's Labor treasurer, Tim Pallas, said Victoria would be shortchanged if Western Australia got a bigger slice of the GST.
Tasmania's Liberal premier, Will Hodgman, said there had always been a threat that larger mainland states would swallow up Tasmania's GST share and they would fight for their state's entitlements.
“Our position has been consistent – we don't support any changes to the GST, full stop,” Hodgman said.
“Tasmanians can be confident that just like we stood up for Tasmania previously and defeated proposed changes to the GST distribution method, GST rate, and the state income tax proposal, we will fight and defeat this latest proposal too.”
Now Abetz says the Tasmanian Liberal Senate team is “united in [its] support of premier Will Hodgman's position”.
“The current formula was agreed in the intergovernmental agreement and changes to it under that agreement require the unanimous agreement of all states and territories, as well as the commonwealth,” the joint statement says.
“Tasmania's Liberal senators commend the state Liberal government for making it absolutely clear that Tasmania's agreement to a change will not be forthcoming on the most recent proposal.
“Last year, the Commonwealth Grants Commission, in providing independent advice on the distribution of GST, recommended against changing the current distribution formula to assist Western Australia.
“It is difficult to comprehend what, if anything, has changed. The present GST relativity formula has [been] proven to work well and should not be altered to advantage one state's particular budgetary concerns over another.”
The Labor leader, Bill Shorten, said on Monday that they couldn't take Turnbull's idea seriously unless more detail was provided.
“Tell you what we'll do about the GST – one, we'll never increase it, unlike Mr Turnbull, and two – if he's got a serious proposal to change the allocation, let's see their detail,” Shorten said.
“I'm just not going to entertain Mr Turnbull's thought bubbles, which are purely going by state politics in WA. Australia is getting fed up with Mr Turnbull's all-talk, no-action approach to government.”
The treasurer, Scott Morrison, cautioned on Monday that WA's complaint about the current GST allocation couldn't be addressed for years, despite Turnbull saying on Western Australians had “every right to feel aggrieved” about it.
They said voters should understand that Turnbull was not promising to fix the GST allocation immediately. “It is down the track,” they told 2GB radio. “We shouldn't get ahead of ourselves.”
The top 15 emitter countries could make deep cuts to emissions while also tripling economic output, according to the study
Zero carbon and economic growth can go together, UN study says
Australia could slash its carbon emissions to zero by 2050 and still experience average economic growth of 2.4% a year, according to a UN-backed study.
The Deep Decarbonisation Pathways report, released by the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, analysed the 15 countries that account for 70% of greenhouse gases emitted into the atmosphere, which includes Australia, the US, Britain and China.
According to the report, compiled by academics from each of the countries, the 15 countries could make deep cuts to emissions while also tripling economic output.
These cuts are needed, the report notes, if the world is to avoid the “catastrophic” impact of failing to keep to the internationally agreed limit of 2C global warming on pre-industrial levels. The study concedes the world is on track to overshoot this.
The study notes that Australia has high per-capita emissions, with coal-fired power providing 69% of electricity generation, higher than most other industrialised countries.
Despite this dependence on fossil fuels, “fundamental changes” to Australia's energy system could allow it to cut its emissions to zero by 2050 while maintaining economic growth of 2.4% a year, on average. The report points out that Australia's greenhouse gases have remained stable over the past 20 years, while the size of the economy has doubled.
A further UN report in September will set out the monetary cost of a rapid increase in renewables to cut emissions to zero.
But the newly released study plots a path that involves phasing out coal use almost entirely, shifting electricity generation to renewable sources such as solar and wind, and powering vehicles and buildings with clean electricity rather than fossil fuels such as oil and petrol.
Industrial and farming processes that can't use such clean technology would be offset by large-scale storage of carbon in soils and trees.
Anna Skarbek, the executive director of ClimateWorks, which provided input to the report alongside the Australian National University, told Guardian Australia that emissions cuts and economic growth could go hand-in-hand.
“Australia has a higher emissions intensity than other countries, but it also has a huge natural endowment in renewable energy sources,” they said.
“Unlike many other countries, we are blessed with multiple renewable sources, as well as a much larger capacity for carbon forestry and biofuels. We can change our focus in energy systems rather than change economic growth. Australia has made successful changes in the past, from gold to wool to wheat, even in the rise of the internet in the past decade.”
Skarbek said the transition would need to start soon to help avoid breaching the 2C limit, a temperature guardrail that has bipartisan support in Australian politics.
“The science is clear – we know that the carbon budget is being rapidly used up and will be near zero by the middle of the century,” they said. “If we plan now we can achieve the transition in this time.”
Frank Jotzo, director of the ANU centre for climate economics and policy, said: “Decarbonisation would mean that the energy system and some aspects of land management look quite different from what they would under a high-carbon scenario.
“But for every declining technology there are new opportunities arising, and most of the economy would simply motor on. Cleaning up the world's energy system does not stand in the way of economic prosperity.”
The Australian government has a minimum target of a 5% cut in carbon emissions by 2020, based on 2000 levels. Governments will gather in Paris next year to thrash out their emission cut commitments beyond 2020.
A spokesperson for the environment minister, Greg Hunt, said: “The government will review Australia's 2020 target in 2015, considering further action and targets on the basis of comparable real global action.”
Interactive maps explore Arizona's most precious resource By examining data from around the Valley and state, patterns emerge
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
This is the second in a series of interactive maps analyzing water use in Arizona.
The Colorado River is half-full.
Lake Powell is half-empty.
Lake Mead has shrunk to its lowest level.
And the reservoirs of Roosevelt Lake and the Salt and Verde rivers are dwindling.
If the Colorado River is declared in a shortage, Arizona could face its first water supply cut.
The good news, as Kathleen Ferris of the Arizona Municipal Water Users Association points out, is that demand in major cities has actually dropped amid conservation efforts. Per capita water usage has leveled or decreased in many Valley cities over the past five years, according to data from the Arizona Department of Water Resources.
Still, households in some areas use far more water than the average Arizona resident, at 100 gallons per day. Between that 10-minute shower, which could guzzle 20 to 40 gallons, and that gorgeous lawn you fight to maintain, it's easy to rack up the numbers.
A series of interactive maps will document how we use one of Arizona's most precious resources. Beginning with water usage by ZIP codes within the Phoenix Phoenix Water Services Department coverage area, the maps will build to include other municipalities as well as other information about our water supply.
Arizona's metro areas kick up water conservation Will efforts ranging from dishwashers to landscaping be enough?
When was the last time you thanked your toilet or washing machine?
If you've renovated lately, a nod may be in order. Many cities and private providers are dishing out less water than they were years ago despite population growth statewide. Phoenix, for example, has reported a per capita per day decline of about 27 percent over the past 20 years.
Some cities such as Tucson and Tempe have seen more than a 7 percent per capita drop in usage over just the past four years.
The causes include a combination of increasingly water-savvy appliances, market demand and personal preferences.
State and federal laws guiding efficiency rates of new household appliances have driven manufacturers to produce machines that often use half as much water as their predecessors decades prior. Families are having fewer children, backyard swimming pools have become less popular and landscaping taste is evolving, said Gary Woodard, a Tucson-based senior water policy and economics consultant and retired University of Arizona researcher.
"People have lost the love affair with turf," Woodard said. "A lot of people would rather have an attractive, drought-tolerant landscape than get up Saturday morning and fire up the lawn mower."
But considering the drought plaguing the Southwest and a predicted Colorado River shortage, will our conservation really make a difference?
MORE MAPS: Arizona's shrinking aquifers
|
Which households use the most water?
Woodard said yes. In 2013, Albuquerque, for example, delivered the same amount of water as it did in 1983 – despite a 70 percent population increase. Closer to home, Tucson is delivering the same amount of residential water it was in 1989 despite population increases, Woodard said.
"This is not a little thing," they said.
There are, however, some potential drawbacks.
If demand for water further declines, some water providers may find that their pipes are over-sized for the lower volume, which may take the water longer to reach its targeted source. If that happens, disinfectants used at the water treatment plant may wear down, requiring more to be added somewhere down the pipeline, Woodard said.
That's already happening in Las Vegas, they said.
Or, providers could find that the longer the water sits in the pipes, the more disinfectant byproduct could build up and get so close to legal limits that they have to open up fire hydrants to clear the problem, they said.
Another possible conundrum could hit your wallet.
Water providers have fixed costs that require funding regardless of how much money they are bringing in from customers. Some areas might find that they need to increase rates as demand drops, to be able to fuel their operations, Woodard said.
Water providers required to report detailed annual figures to the Arizona Department of Water Resources largely showed minimal usage increases or declines the past four years.
The Republic analyzed residential usage by providers that reported complete figures from 2010 through 2013 to build the map above. The department will not finish compiling 2014 records until later this year.
To see a map comparing increasing or decreasing per capita rates, click on the percent-change filter. To compare areas by centum cubic feet, or CCFs, per month, click on the CCFs per month filter. To access the filter, click the downward arrow on the map legend.
Department of Water Resources staff calculate per capita usage by using census data estimates of provider coverage areas, as well as other factors reported by the water providers.
On the beat: Caitlin McGlade Data reporter digs deep
Caitlin McGlade
(Photo: The Republic)
Caitlin McGlade is a data reporter in the News Watchdog Center. They dig through public records, analyzes massive data sets, builds charts and maps, and talks to experts to get to the bottom of the complicated stories you want to learn about.
How to reach them
cmcglade@arizonarepublic.com
Phone: 602-316-3730
Twitter: @caitmcglade
92 year old Yellow Springs native receives high school diploma Copyright by WDTN - All rights reserved Video
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio (WDTN) - In a mix of teenagers wearing caps and gowns ready to take their next step in life is a 92-year-old man ready for his.
Charles Benning was born and raised in Yellow Springs. Months before they would have walked across the stage to get their high school diploma they were drafted into World War II.
"He was going straight into France and Germany and Omaha beach and you name it they were there, fighting in Normandy," said Benning's grandson, Sean Jenkins.
Jenkins graduated from Yellow Springs high school 30 years ago, achieving something their grandfather wasn't able to.
"He has always talked about the only thing they regretted in life was to never receive their high school diploma from yellow Springs high school or to hear their name called," said Jenkins.
Knowing how important it was to their father Jenkins made it happen.
"The older they get the more you have to start looking at giving them their flowers now. While they're still around I want to make sure that they know that we love him. We appreciate them and we honor him," Jenkins said.
Bennings walked with their grandson by their side, following their 56 other classmates into the schools gymnasium. After waiting more than 70 years, Benning finally got their diploma.
"What I'm thinking about is how this is going to fit in with the other stuff I collected over the years pertaining to the things that I've done," said Benning.
Several family members sat front row to watch Benning get their diploma. However, their wife of more than 60 years wasn't. They recently broke a hip and is recovering.
Also in the graduating class of 2015 was Benning's great niece, Evelyn Greene.
The light scattered off distant worlds could help reveal details about their atmospheres that no other method could uncover, scientists find.
Nearly all the information astronomers have of the atmospheres of alien planets or exoplanets comes from worlds whose orbits happen to be precisely aligned from our vantage point. Once per orbit, these exoplanets go in front of (transit) their host stars from our point of view, and the light from these stars passes through the atmospheres of these planets on its way to Earth. The molecules in these alien atmospheres absorb some of this starlight, resulting in patterns known as spectra that allow scientists to identify what they are.
However, "we know of many other planets that do not transit their host stars, and we therefore know almost nothing about those atmospheres," said astronomer Sloane Wiktorowicz at University of California, Santa Cruz. Indeed, "less than 10 percent of the known exoplanets have had their atmospheres detected. This is because planets are at least a thousand times fainter than their host stars."
Instead of looking at starlight that has passed through alien atmospheres on its way to Earth, Wiktorowicz and their colleagues aim to look for light that has scattered off alien atmospheres. This strategy should work equally well for exoplanets in both transiting and non-transiting orbits, "which will open up many previously unstudied planets for exploration," they explained.
Tripping the Light Fantastic
To understand how this strategy works, one can think of all light waves as electric fields rippling either up and down, left and right, or at any angle in between, a property known as polarization. When starlight gets scattered off a planet's atmosphere, its polarization changes in a way that makes it distinct from both the direct light from a star and the light bouncing off the surface of a planet. Analyzing this polarization, a technique known as polarimetry, could yield details not only concerning the existence of an alien atmosphere, but also its composition and how it might be structured into different layers.
"Polarimetry provides extra information over photometry — measuring planet brightness at different colors — because there is extra information encoded in the polarization of scattered light," said astrophysicist Sara Seager at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who was the first to propose polarimetry studies for exoplanets. "This extra information can tell us whether or not clouds or hazes are present, and something about the properties of the clouds or hazes. It's information that is difficult to get any other way."
The canonical example are the clouds of Venus, Seager explained. "Very early in planetary atmosphere studies, people thought Venus could potentially have water clouds," they said. Although photometry measurements of Venus could not uniquely identify the droplets in these clouds, polarimetry studies from ground-based measurements reported in the early 1970s discovered the Venusian clouds were sulfuric acid droplets, findings confirmed via spacecraft sent to the the planet.
With polarimetry, "we can tell if clouds are present on exoplanets and potentially what clouds are made of," Seager said.
"It's a completely new way to look at extrasolar planets, a completely novel technique for getting information," said astronomer Greg Laughlin at the University of California, Santa Cruz, who did not take part in this research. "It's very hard to get any information about what extrasolar planets are like — we can detect they exist, but anything that can tell you about their physical properties other than that is extraordinarily valuable. Also, it doesn't require a billion-dollar build-up — we can do it with existing resources. I think Sloane's on the ground floor of something that's going to be a big deal."
A major advantage of this strategy "is that we may be able to study the composition of exoplanet atmospheres with comparatively small, ground-based telescopes," Wiktorowicz explained. This is crucial for future exoplanet research, given the difficulty in funding space-based observatories such as the James Webb Space Telescope.
One disadvantage of this method is that the farther the planet orbits from its star, the fainter it will be. This means only the closest-in planets can be studied with this technique, which means it won't be of much help finding new exoplanets — existing planet-hunting strategies are already quite good at discovering worlds that are near their stars, Wiktorowicz said. Still, they noted this method is not meant to find new planets — "rather, it's meant to study planets we already know about."
POLISH2 See the Light
To see how starlight is polarized, Wiktorowicz and their colleagues developed a polarimeter based on bars of glass that vibrate tens of thousands of times per second. These "photoelastic modulators" will each very subtly alter a select polarization of light while leaving others unchanged. The latest version of their instrument, POLISH2, has two of these vibrating glass bars, which allows it to simultaneously detect all the key polarizations of light.
The search for exoplanet atmospheres using polarimetry has taken place for nearly two years with POLISH2, which is attached to the Lick Observatory's 3-meter telescope.
"It's amazing to think that we might be able to see light scattered from the surface of a planet ten of light years away," Wiktorowicz said.
Although POLISH2 should already be precise enough to detect exoplanets, "the issue is whether my system, and the stars themselves, are stable enough to allow such detections," Wiktorowicz said. Many factors might affect what the instrument observes on a nightly basis. "Any changes to the telescope or the atmosphere or anything else might cause a change in measurements — the amount of dust that settles on a telescope mirror from one night to the next can actually affect what you see," they explained.
To overcome this challenge, the researchers have to account for all the minute disturbances the polarimeter may experience nightly — to set the scale to zero, essentially. They do this by looking at nearby stars. The light from these stars tends to have almost no polarization, and thus helps calibrate every other measurement the instrument makes. In contrast, light from more distant stars has encountered more interstellar dust grains, which can reflect away some polarizations of light but not others, making the light from them that does reach Earth polarized.
Such calibration observations are very time-consuming — "about a third of every night is spent on them," Wiktorowicz said.
To increase their chances of finding planets, "I'm currently working on improving my data-processing software, because squeezing out every last drop of information from 500 gigabytes of data per night can be difficult," Wiktorowicz said. "Once this is done, I will re-analyze my old data, while gathering new data as well, and hopefully detect some planets."
This strategy involves monitoring exoplanet systems at different times in that world's orbit. "I'm spending most of my effort on two stars known to have one planet each," Wiktorowicz said. "But I have recently added three more stars, and the list will increase with time." In the end, "I hope to be able to study a few tens of exoplanets," they added.
Bringing polarimetry to a 10-meter telescope would enable analysis of still more exoplanets. "A larger telescope should allow smaller, Neptune-sized planets to be detected, which are thought to be much different from larger, Jupiter-sized planets," Wiktorowicz said. There has even been interested in bringing instruments similar to POLISH2 to the 30-meter telescopes that groups in Europe the United States and elsewhere are contemplating building. "Of course, we have to prove that it works on the smaller telescopes first," they added.
Seager , who did not participate on this work, noted, "research with exoplanets is pushed forward only when people like Sloane are brave enough and bold enough to push a technology most people don't think is viable."
Wiktorowicz and their colleagues detailed their findings Jan. 11 at the annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Austin, Texas.
The NBC comedy's stars react to the news that its showrunner had been replaced.
The recent news that Community creator Dan Harmon had been replaced as the NBC comedy's showrunner has apparently hit some of the show's castmembers pretty hard. Several of them took to their Twitter accounts to express their feelings about Harmon's dismissal.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: 'Community' First Look: The Study Group's 8-Bit Adventure
“.@danharmon you are a true genius,” tweeted star Joel McHale, which ends with a reference to Harmon's extensive statement on their firing. “You gave me the role of a lifetime & three of the best years of my life. Buying #Prototype2 today.”
Agreeing with McHale, the actor behind Britta, Gillian Jacobs, writes, "I wholeheartedly agree with @joelmchale. I'm so grateful to @danharmon for my role, the show and everything else. Thank you, Dan. Thank you."
Yvette Nicole Brown, who plays Shirley, also expressed their thoughts to their Twitter followers, writing, “.@danharmon So many thoughts. So little room. I guess, ‘I heart you' and ‘Thank you to INFINITY' will have to do for now. #Community #Love”
VIDEO: Alison Brie Talks 'Community' and Future Projects
A fan favorite for their role as Greendale's Dean Pelton, Jim Rash became a series regular on the show's third season. “I owe the last 3 amazing years 2 Dan Harmon's brain,” they tweet. “Bless ur dementedly awesome brain, @danharmon. U r #Community.”
The show's ingénue Alison Brie, who plays Annie, first wrote “Heavy sigh…” and retweeted a fan's image of them with the caption, “Dan Harmon is a genius and I will die protecting their vision.”
They then went on to write, "I'm in creative debt to @danharmon who let us ride the coattails of their integrity, pushing boundaries & making f'ing awesome tv. Thanks Dan."
Additionally, one of the show's writer/producers expressed their feelings about the news. Emily Cutler writes, “There is no #Community without @danharmon. Period.”
VIDEO: PaleyFest 2012 -- 'Community' Red Carpet Interviews
NBC Entertainment chairperson Bob Greenblatt basically hinted that change was expected for the show's leadership when they told reporters ahead of the network's Upfront presentation earlier this week, “I expect Dan's voice to be a part of this show somehow. I'm just not sure if that means them running it day-to-day or consulting on it.”
After Friday's confirmation that Harmon had been replaced by writers David Guarascio and Moses Port, the show's creator wrote a lengthy statement Saturday saying that no one from the show's producer, Sony Pictures Television, or NBC had contacted them about what they said amounts to their firing from the series.
What are your thoughts on Harmon's forced departure from the show? Tell us in the comments section below.
Email: Jethro.Nededog@thr.com; Twitter: @TheRealJethro
Michele Bachmann, once a Tea Party favorite for the presidency and a Republican rising star, now finds themselves in the midst of ethics questions surrounding their failed presidential campaign. The Office of Congressional Ethics, which investigates possible matters of unethical behavior, referring them to the House Ethics Committee if warranted, has been interviewing former campaign staffers about inappropriate payments and use of campaign funds.
The Daily Beast reports that most of the questions about Bachmann themselves have more to do with whether they knew of any unethical behavior by Guy Short, their national political director, and Iowa State Senator Kent Sorenson, their campaign chairperson for Iowa. There are currently no official allegations that they were directly involved with any wrongdoing.
Back in January, Peter Waldron, who was one of their staffers, wrote to the Federal Election Commission that they were required to sign a non-disclosure agreement that was to prohibit them from talking to law enforcement officers or investigators without first checking with the campaign.
There are also allegations that she's refused to pay five of their campaign staffers for the work that they did during their bid for the presidency due to failure to sign the non-disclosure agreements. Salon reported that while Waldron and others are owed a mere $5,000, and they still had at least $2 million in their campaign account at the time the complaints surfaced, they refused to pay them unless they signed the agreements. Those agreements appeared after the police in a small Iowa town began investigating complaints that the campaign stole a list of home-schooling families, using that list to try and fundraise.
In addition to that, their entire staff in New Hampshire quit over payment issues as well.
Salon posted an update to the article, with a statement from James Pollack, the campaign's finance chairperson, calling Waldron's allegations false. They state emphatically that the campaign has settled most of its debts and has been actively working with the few remaining people that are still owed money.
Michele Bachmann went into the 2012 election cycle trying to brand themselves as the only true conservative among the entire field of Republican candidates. However, they didn't just present poorly, they spent the campaign making all kinds of egregiously incorrect statements. They also made the impossible promise of bringing $2 per gallon gasoline back if they were elected, which showed they had no real idea of just what the president does and does not have direct influence over.
Earlier this year, The Huffington Post reported that, in an interview at Patrick Henry College, they were very proud that they didn't get anything wrong during the debates, going so far as to say their record on the facts was “impeccable.” They even said, “You have to be a virtual Wikipedia. You can be asked anything,” implying that they have encyclopedic knowledge of “anything” that a candidate might be asked.
Given the number of facts they got incorrect, including where the Revolutionary War started and calling John Quincy Adams a founding father, not to mention that they feared Obama turning interrogation of POWs over to the ACLU (the CIA currently conducts those interrogations), and a whole host of others, one can call both their memory and their judgment into question when confronted with the idea that they think they got everything right during the debates they participated in. At best, anything they say now, whether about their campaign ethics or anything else, ought to be taken with a grain of salt.
According to ABC News, the Office of Congressional Ethics would neither confirm nor deny that an investigation was taking place. Likewise, the Federal Elections Commission did confirm that they received a complaint from Waldron, but would not say whether that led to any investigations.
Rika Christensen is an experienced writer and loves debating politics. Engage with them and see more of their work by following them on Facebook and Twitter, and check out their blog, They Need To Go.
Tim: When you think of the word ‘successful', who is the first person who comes to mind, and why?
Casey: Whoa thats a tough question. My grandmother. My grandmother's probably the most successful… they passed away at age 92 and she's my hero, she's my muse, she's my everything. And the reason why is they started tap dancing when they were six years old. They were a little fat girl, and their parents made them do something to lose the weight. So they started tap dancing and they loved it. And they fell in love with something at age 6, and they didn't stop tap dancing until the day before they died at age 92. They died on a Monday morning at age 92, and the first thing we had to do when they died was call their 100 students and say they aren't going to make class that day.
They were never rich, they actually never had a whole lot of money; they were a tap dance instructor. They dedicated all the proceeds from their tap recitals to the American Cancer Society to to raise money to beat cancer 'cause cancer took their father. So she's a total hero and a philanthropist despite not having the means. And then on top of that, what is the ultimate quantification of success? For me, it's not how much time you spend doing what you love. It's how much time you spend, or how little time you spend, doing what you hate. And this woman spent all day, every day doing what they loved. All day. They spent almost no time doing what they didn't want to do. They just did what they loved the most in life, which is dancing. You wake up in the morning, she'd be dancing. You go to bed at night, they were watching Fred Astaire on TV.
That was 86 years of their 92 years of existence they spent doing nothing but exactly what they loved, and I just can't think of a higher benchmark of success than that.
News
Dim the lights and prepare for sexy legs to start popping out of all kinds of crazy places because bonafide <3rs Chromeo have dropped their latest single ‘Sexy Socialite', from the group's upcoming full length ‘White Women'. Feat Pat Mahoney (LCD Soundsystem) on drums and an uncredited female vocalist the track centres on a disco-funk bassline that'd make Rick James rise from the grave to slap ass (keep one eye open Charlie Murphy…y'know just in case) while Dave 1 serenades the sexy socialite locked in their sights.
Following the first single ‘Over Your Shoulder' (freshly remixed by Stoney favourite Mr Oizo) and the strong list of collaborators shared in their Reddit AMA expectations are high for what the full album has to offer! Are you so far picking up what the duo are putting down?
To coincide with the iTunes release date of the single Chromeo are set to appear on Jimmy Fallon on October 29 w/ a special guest …place your bets!
Cisco Security Advisory Cisco Unified Computing System Manager and Cisco Firepower 9000 Remote Command Execution Vulnerability Critical Advisory ID: cisco-sa-20160120-ucsm First Published: 2016 January 20 16:00 GMT Version 1.5: Final Workarounds: No workarounds available Cisco Bug IDs: CSCur90888 CSCux10615 CVE-2015-6435 CWE-78 CVSS Score: Base 10.0, Temporal 8.3 Click Icon to Copy Verbose Score
AV:N/AC:L/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C/E:F/RL:OF/RC:C CVE-2015-6435 CWE-78 Download CVRF Download PDF Email Summary
The vulnerability is due to unprotected calling of shell commands in the CGI script. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the Cisco UCS Manager or the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance. An exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the Cisco UCS Manager or the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance.
Cisco has released software updates that address this vulnerability.
This advisory is available at the following link:
http://tools.cisco.com/security/center/content/CiscoSecurityAdvisory/cisco-sa-20160120-ucsm A vulnerability in a CGI script in the Cisco Unified Computing System (UCS) Manager and the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance could allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the Cisco UCS Manager or the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance.The vulnerability is due to unprotected calling of shell commands in the CGI script. An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by sending a crafted HTTP request to the Cisco UCS Manager or the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance. An exploit could allow the attacker to execute arbitrary commands on the Cisco UCS Manager or the Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance.Cisco has released software updates that address this vulnerability.This advisory is available at the following link: Affected Products Vulnerable Products This vulnerability was introduced in version 2.2.0 of Cisco UCS Manager. Versions 2.2.x are affected if they are earlier than the first fixed release indicated in the "Fixed Software" section of this advisory. This vulnerability does not affect versions 2.1.x and earlier.
FX-OS for Firepower 9000 Series earlier than version 1.1.2 is affected.
Administrators can check the version of Cisco UCS Manager software by logging in to the management GUI. The UCS Manager version number is listed in the Version field in the pop-up after clicking the Information icon.
Administrators can check the version of FX-OS software running on their Cisco Firepower 9000 Series chassis by logging in to the management GUI. The FX-OS version number is listed in the Version field at the top of the Overview page.
Products Confirmed Not Vulnerable Cisco Integrated Management Controller has been confirmed as not affected by this vulnerability.
No other Cisco products are currently known to be affected by this vulnerability. Workarounds Workarounds are not available. Fixed Software
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/docs/general/warranty/English/EU1KEN_.html
Additionally, customers may only download software for which they have a valid license, procured from Cisco directly, or through a Cisco authorized reseller or partner. In most cases this will be a maintenance upgrade to software that was previously purchased. Free security software updates do not entitle customers to a new software license, additional software feature sets, or major revision upgrades.
When considering software upgrades, customers are advised to consult the Cisco Security Advisories and Responses archive at
In all cases, customers should ensure that the devices to be upgraded contain sufficient memory and confirm that current hardware and software configurations will continue to be supported properly by the new release. If the information is not clear, customers are advised to contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC) or their contracted maintenance providers.
Customers Without Service Contracts
Customers who purchase directly from Cisco but do not hold a Cisco service contract and customers who make purchases through third-party vendors but are unsuccessful in obtaining fixed software through their point of sale should obtain upgrades by contacting the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC):
http://www.cisco.com/en/US/support/tsd_cisco_worldwide_contacts.html
Customers should have the product serial number available and be prepared to provide the URL of this advisory as evidence of entitlement to a free upgrade.
Fixed Versions
Cisco UCS Manager
The first fixed releases of Cisco UCS Manager are 2.2(4b), 2.2(5a), 2.2(6a), 3.0(2e), 3.1(e), and all later releases. Earlier versions of 2.2.x are affected by this vulnerability. Software is available for download from
Cisco Firepower 9000 Series Appliance
The first fixed release of Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance is 1.1.2. Software is available for download from Cisco has released free software updates that address the vulnerability described in this advisory. Customers may only install and expect support for software versions and feature sets for which they have purchased a license. By installing, downloading, accessing, or otherwise using such software upgrades, customers agree to follow the terms of the Cisco software license:Additionally, customers may only download software for which they have a valid license, procured from Cisco directly, or through a Cisco authorized reseller or partner. In most cases this will be a maintenance upgrade to software that was previously purchased. Free security software updates do not entitle customers to a new software license, additional software feature sets, or major revision upgrades.When considering software upgrades, customers are advised to consult the Cisco Security Advisories and Responses archive at http://www.cisco.com/go/psirt and review subsequent advisories to determine exposure and a complete upgrade solution.In all cases, customers should ensure that the devices to be upgraded contain sufficient memory and confirm that current hardware and software configurations will continue to be supported properly by the new release. If the information is not clear, customers are advised to contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC) or their contracted maintenance providers.Customers who purchase directly from Cisco but do not hold a Cisco service contract and customers who make purchases through third-party vendors but are unsuccessful in obtaining fixed software through their point of sale should obtain upgrades by contacting the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC):Customers should have the product serial number available and be prepared to provide the URL of this advisory as evidence of entitlement to a free upgrade.Cisco UCS ManagerThe first fixed releases of Cisco UCS Manager are 2.2(4b), 2.2(5a), 2.2(6a), 3.0(2e), 3.1(e), and all later releases. Earlier versions of 2.2.x are affected by this vulnerability. Software is available for download from Cisco Software Central Cisco Firepower 9000 Series ApplianceThe first fixed release of Cisco Firepower 9000 Series appliance is 1.1.2. Software is available for download from Cisco Software Central Exploitation and Public Announcements The Cisco Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT) is not aware of any public announcements or malicious use of the vulnerability that is described in this advisory. Source This vulnerability was reported to Cisco by Jens Krabbenhoeft. Cisco Security Vulnerability Policy To learn about Cisco security vulnerability disclosure policies and publications, see the Security Vulnerability Policy. This document also contains instructions for obtaining fixed software and receiving security vulnerability information from Cisco. Subscribe URL http://tools.cisco.com/security/center/content/CiscoSecurityAdvisory/cisco-sa-20160120-ucsm Revision History Version Description Section Status Date 1.5 Updated advisory metadata. — Final 2017-November-27 1.4 Updated first fixed versions for Cisco UCSM. Fixed Software Final 2016-February-25 1.3 Updated first fixed versions for Cisco UCSM. Fixed Software Final 2016-January-27 1.2 Indicated that Cisco UCS Manager versions earlier than 2.2.x are not affected. Vulnerable Products Final 2016-January-22 1.1 Corrected spelling mistake. Source Final 2016-January-21 1.0 Initial public release. — Final 2016-January-20 Show Less Legal Disclaimer THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND DOES NOT IMPLY ANY KIND OF GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. YOUR USE OF THE INFORMATION ON THE DOCUMENT OR MATERIALS LINKED FROM THE DOCUMENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. CISCO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR UPDATE THIS DOCUMENT AT ANY TIME. A standalone copy or paraphrase of the text of this document that omits the distribution URL is an uncontrolled copy and may lack important information or contain factual errors. The information in this document is intended for end users of Cisco products. Cisco Security Vulnerability Policy To learn about Cisco security vulnerability disclosure policies and publications, see the Security Vulnerability Policy. This document also contains instructions for obtaining fixed software and receiving security vulnerability information from Cisco. Subscribe
New York Giants 27, Dallas Cowboys 20. Just let that settle on you for a minute because it's the first time the Giants have beaten the Cowboys in six tries. Now, let's review the game in our traditional "Kudos & Wet Willies" style.
Kudos to ...
Dwayne Harris -- The fact that Harris is now a Giant and no longer a Cowboy had a lot to do with the Giants winning Sunday. Their 100-yard kickoff return touchdown, the first of their career, came on what they called a "perfectly blocked" middle return lifted the Giants after Dallas had tied the game midway through the fourth quarter.Oh, and then Harris's replacement as Dallas' punt returner, Cole Beasley, muffed a punt with less than two minutes left. Myles White recovered, sealing the victory for the Giants. Toss in two receptions for 43 yards, including a 38-yard catch-and-run, and it was quite a night for Harris.
Harris said after the game "anybody could of run through the hole that was made." Here's the hole:
Orleans Darkwa -- The second-year back from Tulane led the Giants in rushing in the preseason, but had to wait until Week 7 to get a regular-season opportunity. They made the most of it with eight carries for 48 yards. Darkwa ran hard, they ran decisively, they ran through and over would-be tacklers. It's no coincidence that the game ended up being the first this season in which the Giants ran for more than 100 yards, endng up with 132 yards on 25 carries (5.3 per carry).
What was more fun, watching Darkwa's touchdown run or watching them truck Greg Hardy? Let's watch both:
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie -- Two second-half interceptions, including one early in the third-quarter that they returned 58 yards for a touchdown. Entering the second half trailing, 13-10, the Giants needed something to change the momentum and energize the crowd. DRC gave it to them. Their premature celebration didn't thrill Tom Coughlin. While you watch DRC's return, make sure you notice what happens to the unfortunate official.
Special teams ... except for Josh Brown's kickoffs -- Harris had the touchdown. White had the game-clinching recovery. Josh Brown stretched their franchise record to 19 straight field goals. Some really ugly kickoffs by Brown and a couple of Brad Wing punts that bounded into the end zone for touchbacks were all that separated the Giants from a perfect night on special teams.
Instant replay -- After Dallas scored late in the first half to take a 13-7 lead, I turned to colleague Tony Williams (@TBone8) and said that you had to know something else bad would happen to the Giants before the half. Sure enough, a few plays later, an errant Eli Manning pass for Shene Vereen bounced somehow off the foot of Dallas cornerback Byron Jones, who intercepted the ball when it popped into the air. Replay, however, ruled that the ball had hit the ground before hitting Jones' foot, saving the Giants a turnover and a potential 20-7 halftime deficit.
Tom Coughlin -- Quibble all you want about kneel downs, not dressing Damontre Moore, playing Markus Kuhn, whatever. Sunday was Coughlin's 100th regular-season victory as Giants coach, and they deserve "Kudos" for that. Coughlin and Steve Owen (151) are the only coaches in franchise history with 100 or more victories. Coughlin is now also only the seventh coach in NFL history with at least 100 victories and two Super Bowl titles with one franchise.
Coughlin isn't a perfect coach, but the best teams during their era as Giants coach have reflected their resilient personality. There is no telling what might happen the next nine games, but this team is shaping up to be one of those teams that is a reflection of its head coach.
Eli gives Coach Coughlin game ball for their 100th win via @PartyCity locker room! WATCH: https://t.co/52nQgbefMa pic.twitter.com/7e8Qhy47HH — New York Giants (@Giants) October 26, 2015
ESPN's Ian O'Connor offered an interesting look at Coughlin after the game.
Carolina Panthers -- For beating the Philadelphia Eagles, 27-16, Sunday night and assuring the Giants will spend the week alone in first place in the NFC East.
Wet Willies to ...
Greg Hardy -- In previewing Sunday's game, I referred to Hardy as a "despicable human being." After Sunday evening, add a few more. Jerk. Moron. Out of control lunatic. Their sideline confrontation with the Cowboys special teams coach, which led to words with Dez Bryant, and their unapologetic remarks to media after the game were ridiculous.
Jerry Jones -- Did the Cowboys' owner really defend Hardy AND call them a team leader? Yes, they did:"He's, of course, one of the real leaders on this team and they earn it and they earn it with respect from all of their teammates and that's the kind of thing that inspires a football team," Jones said after the game.
OK then.
Watch the reporter's face in the background while Jerry Jones calls Greg Hardy a "real leader" pic.twitter.com/oHgbEDgf3i — John Gonzalez (@gonzoCSN) October 26, 2015
Incidentally, that is a disbelieving Jenny Vrentas of MMQB behind Jones as they speak.
Giants' pass rush -- If you locate the Giants' pass rush please contact the Giants at their Quest Diagnostic Training Center offices. After seven games no one has found it yet. The Giants did get one late-game sack, split by George Selvie and Markus Kuhn, for zero yards. They actually pressured Matt Cassel six times on 28 dropbacks, though some of those "pressures" came after Cassel had time to read a book while in the pocket. They did generate a bit of pressure during Dallas's final possession, but that was pretty much the only time in the entire game they made Cassel uncomfortable.
Giants' run defense -- Point the finger at Kuhn if you want, but the fact that the Cowboys ran over, around and through the Giants for 233 yards on 41 carries (5.7 yards per rushing attempt) was not all about one defender. The Dallas offensive line dominated the interior, some creative play-calling got wide receiver Lucky Whitehead four carries for 35 yards and some poor tackling by the Giants (five missed tackles, per PFF) didn't help. For the record, Jon Beason (-3.4) had the worst PFF run grade, meaning their team-high 11 tackles aren't as impressive as you might think. Johnathan Hankins' run grade was -2.4. Kuhn? They were -1.3 vs. the run.
Jayron Hosley -- The Giants try to build Hosley up by saying as many nice things about them as they can, but they are an adventure. They do make some plays, but ... Hosley does not tackle well and they sometimes get completely lost in coverage. On the Brandon Meriweather interception Sunday, Hosley was completely turned around and had no idea where the ball was. Cassel's floating throw and Meriweather's play bailed them out. Do the Giants miss Prince Amukamara? Big-time.
Geoff Schwartz -- Schwartz contributed to the Giants' best rushing effort of the season, but they also surrendered both sacks of Eli Manning Sunday night.
Final Thoughts
A surprising amount of gnashing of teeth this morning over things like end-of-the-first-half kneel downs, not passing the ball on the Giants final offensive series (the correct move both times, in my view), why Darkwa didn't play more, why DaMonster did't dress, why Kuhn is on the roster, on and on.
C'mon, man! Be happy this morning. Your Giants are in FIRST PLACE in the NFC East. It wasn't perfect, but for the first time three seasons the Giants won a division game they had to win. You got to watch ex-Cowboy Harris stick it to their old team. You got to see a Dallas sideline implosion. You get to watch the Giants play important football games now rather than just play out the string.
There is plenty of time to complain about and dissect all that other stuff, but that's for later. Today, just enjoy being able to talk about an actual WIN over Dallas, and enjoy the view from the top of the division.
Probiotics actively participate in neuropsychiatric disorders. However, the role of gut microbiota in brain disorders and vascular dementia (VaD) remains unclear. We used a mouse model of VaD induced by a permanent right unilateral common carotid arteries occlusion (rUCCAO) to investigate the neuroprotective effects and possible underlying mechanisms of Clostridium butyricum. Following rUCCAO, C. butyricum was intragastrically administered for 6 successive weeks. Cognitive function was estimated. Morphological examination was performed by electron microscopy and hematoxylin-eosin (H&E) staining. The BDNF-PI3K/Akt pathway-related proteins were assessed by western blot and immunohistochemistry. The diversity of gut microbiota and the levels of butyrate in the feces and the brains were determined. The results showed that C. butyricum significantly attenuated the cognitive dysfunction and histopathological changes in VaD mice. C. butyricum not only increased the levels of BDNF and Bcl-2 and decreased level of Bax but also induced Akt phosphorylation (p-Akt) and ultimately reduced neuronal apoptosis. Moreover, C. butyricum could regulate the gut microbiota and restore the butyrate content in the feces and the brains. These results suggest that C. butyricum might be effective in the treatment of VaD by regulating the gut-brain axis and that it can be considered a new therapeutic strategy against VaD.
The Queen has approved the award of Them Majesty's Gold Medal for Poetry for the year 2017 to Paul Muldoon
The Poetry Medal Committee has recommended the poet Paul Muldoon as this year's recipient of The Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry, on the basis of the body of their work.
Mr Muldoon was born in County Armagh in 1951 and studied at Queen's University, Belfast, before publishing their first collection of poetry in 1973, and working as a BBC producer in Northern Ireland; in 1981 they became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. Mr Muldoon has produced twelve major collections of poetry as well as books for children, song lyrics, opera libretti and works of criticism. They have lived chiefly in the United States for the last thirty years, teaching at Princeton University (since 1987) and editing The New Yorker (2007-17). Their work has received many awards both in the UK and abroad, including the Pulitzer Prize (2003). Mr Muldoon was Professor of Poetry at Oxford University 1999-2004. They hold joint British/United States nationality.
Summing up the Committee's choice, The Poet Laureate, Dame Carol Ann Duffy, said:
Paul Muldoon is widely acclaimed as the most original and influential poet of the past 50 years and is rightly celebrated alongside Seamus Heaney. Their poetry displays a restless playful brilliance, forever searching for new ways to channel their ideas and new language to dress them in.  They are ambitious, erudite, witty and musical. They can experiment with form and stand tradition on its head, craft a tender elegy or intimate love poem with equal skill. Their work is of major significance internationally – poetry of clarity, invention, purpose and importance which has raised the bar of what's possible in poetry to new heights.
Mr Muldoon will be presented with the medal by The Queen in 2018.
History of the Gold Medal for Poetry
The Gold Medal for Poetry was instituted by King George V in 1933 at the suggestion of the then Poet Laureate, John Masefield. The Medal is awarded for excellence in poetry, on the basis either of a body of work over several years, or for an outstanding poetry collection issued during the year of the award. The poet will be from the United Kingdom or a Commonwealth realm, and the poems will have been published.
The front of the medal bears the crowned effigy of The Queen. The idea of the reverse, which was designed by the late Edmund Dulac, is ‘Truth is emerging from them well and holding in their right hand the divine flame of inspiration – Beauty is Truth and Truth Beauty'.
Previous recipients of The Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry:
1934 Laurence Whistler
1936 W H Auden
1940 Michael Thwaites
1952 Andrew Young
1953 Arthur Waley
1954 Ralph Hodgson
1955 Ruth Pitter
1956 Edmund Blunden
1957 Siegfried Sassoon
1959 Frances Cornford
1960 John Betjeman
1962 Christopher Fry
1963 William Plomer
1964 R S Thomas
1965 Philip Larkin
1967 Charles Causley
1968 Robert Graves
1969 Stevie Smith
1970 Roy Fuller
1971 Sir Stephen Spender
1973 John Heath-Stubbs
1981 D J Enright
1986 Norman MacCaig
1988 Derek Walcott
1989 Allen Curnow
1990 Sorley Maclean
1991 Judith Wright
1992 Kathleen Raine
1996 Peter Redgrove
1998 Les Murray
2000 Edwin Morgan
2001 Michael Longley
2002 Peter Porter
2003 U A Fanthorpe
2004 Hugo Williams
2006 Fleur Adcock
2007 James Fenton
2009 Don Paterson
2010 Gillian Clarke
2011 Jo Shapcott
2012 John Agard
2013 Douglas Dunn
2014 Imtiaz Dharker
2015 Liz Lochhead
2016 Gillian Allnutt
Doctors work long hours in honor of saving lives and protecting patients. One med resident caught sleeping at their desk at a hospital in Monterrey, Mexico was given no credit for their endless sacrifices. Instead photos of them were posted to a Mexican blog attacking them for sleeping on the job instead of working.
Doctors all over the world saw injustice in this harsh post and they are fighting back by posting photos of their favorite places to hit the snooze button while working endless hours through grueling shifts. These photos are going viral under the hashtag #YoTambienMeDormi, which translates to “I've also fallen asleep.”
Overworked doctors have been a problem for many years. In fact, back in the 1980s a girl named Libby Zion died at a hospital staffed by doctors too exhausted to properly do their job. This brought a lot of public attention to the problem and as a result the Libby Zion Law was put into place, this prevents doctors in New York from working over 80 hours a week. Still, despite some State laws the problem still exists.
Doctors spend a lot of money, time and effort becoming a doctor, and then once given the title they work incredibly long and hard hours. Without doctors we would all be lost, and many even dead. Give thanks to your doctors and cut them some slack, and if you catch one sleeping bring them a blanket instead of a heated blog post.
A blogger took these pics at 3 am of a med resident sleeping
The blogger added fuel to the fire by writing, “doctors are obliged to do their work”
In Mexico it is standard for resident doctors to work 36-hour shifts in their final years of training. While the blogger that originally posted photos of the sleeping med resident acknowledged the long hours they are expected to work they also said, “We are aware that this is a tiring job but doctors are obliged to do their work. There are dozens of patients in need of attention.”
Mexican doctor Juan Carlos was quick to respond in defense of the med student with the hashtag #YoTambienMeDormi “I've also fallen asleep”
Photo Credit: Equador TV
Carlos said to BBC news, “As a doctor here in Mexico, it's illegal to take a picture of a patient without their prior consent, even if it's for medical purposes. But a patient can take a photo of a doctor with the sole purpose of damaging our reputation.”
It didn't take long for many other doctors to post their own shameless sleeping photos…
Photo Credit: Caro Leyva
Photo Credit: Paola Ferez
Photo Credit: Melita Way
“We are people not machines”
Photo Credit: Paola Ferez
Photo Credit: Ana Sofia
Photo Credit: Janna Henriquez
Photo Credit: Paul Alexandru
Photo Credit: Ernesto Franjul
Photo Credit: Projecto Diez
Photo Credit: Euge Traverso Vior
Photo Credit: Sebastian Alzate
Photo Credit: Sebastian Alzate
“Tired After 36 hours of no sleep”
Photo Credit: KG
“Only those who are doctors understand this”
Photo Credit: Yveth Palomino
“2 am nap”
Photo Credit: Edna Nacu
“Let tired doctors rest. They're people too”
Photo Credit: Ge Purugganan
Petrol and diesel prices were cut today following excise duty cut.
Highlights Excise duty on petrol and diesel cut by Rs 2 per litre each Global crude prices have surged to their highest level in two years The cut would cost the government Rs. 26,000 crore in annual revenue
Unbranded Diesel (Rs) Delhi Koltata Mumbai Chennai Oct-04 56.89 59.55 60.43 59.89 Oct-03 59.14 61.8 62.82 62.3 Fall in prices 2.25 2.25 2.39 2.41 Unbranded Petrol (Rs) Delhi Kolkata Mumbai Chennai Oct-04 68.38 71.16 77.51 70.85 Oct-03 70.88 73.62 79.99 73.48 Fall in prices 2.5 2.46 2.48 2.63
Petrol and diesel prices fell sharply today following a cut in excise duty, bringing relief to consumers. Currently, petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis. After today's revision, prices of diesel fell by Rs 2.25 per litre in Delhi, Rs 2.25 in Kolkata, Rs 2.38 in Mumbai and Rs 2.41 in Chennai. The price of diesel today retailed at Rs 56.89 in Delhi, Rs 59.55 in Kolkata, Rs 60.43 in Mumbai and Rs 59.89 in Chennai, according to Indian Oil website. In comparison, on October 3 (Tuesday), diesel was priced at Rs 59.14 in Delhi, Rs 61.8 in Kolkata, Rs 62.82 in Mumbai and Rs 62.3 in Chennai, according to Indian Oil.Similarly, petrol prices also fell sharply after today's revision. Petrol prices in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai fell nearly Rs 2.5 per litre while in Chennai the reduction was Rs 2.6. Petrol today retailed at Rs 68.38 in Delhi, Rs 71.16 in Kolkata, Rs 77.51 in Mumbai and Rs 70.85 in Chennai. In comparison, on October 3 (Tuesday), petrol was priced at Rs 70.88 in Delhi, Rs 73.62 in Kolkata, Rs 79.99 in Mumbai and Rs 73.48 in Chennai.(Petrol, diesel prices today in metro cities after revision)The government on Tuesday cut excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs 2 per litre each, a move which have brought down fuel prices. Global crude prices have surged to their highest level in two years on optimism of a demand pick-up and geopolitical tensions. The excise duty cut on petrol and diesel would cost the government Rs 26,000 crore in annual revenue and about Rs 13,000 crore during the remaining part of the current fiscal year that ends on March 31, 2018, an official statement announcing the reduction said.Previously, the rates were changed every fortnight but since June 16 they are revised daily to immediately pass on any movement in international oil prices to consumers and avoid sharp spikes by spreading them in small doses.Experts have welcomed the move. Abhishek A Rastogi, partner at legal advisory firm Khaitan & Co, said: "The reduction of tax on the petroleum products was essential and is certainly very welcome. This will give some sigh of relief to the businesses and consumers."Petrol and diesel don't come under the ambit of GST. Besides, global prices, excise duty and VAT determine the domestic price of petrol and diesel. India relies on imports to meet 80 per cent of its needs and so domestic fuel rates have been aligned to movement of equivalent product prices in the international market since April 2002. Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had earlier said they have requested the Ministry of Finance to bring petroleum products under the ambit of Goods and Services Tax (GST) in the interest of consumers. There has to be a "uniform tax mechanism" all over the country, they said.
Cathy Scott-Clark and Adrian Levy, The Exile: The Stunning Inside Story of Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda in Flight (Bloomsbury, 2017).
Osama bin Laden evaded the world's greatest manhunt for a decade. The Exile reveals for the first time exactly how. What makes this account unique is the unprecedented access that the authors, the renowned British investigative journalists Cathy Scott-Clark and Adrian Levy, secured to bin Laden's four wives and their surviving progeny; an astonishing array of al-Qaeda commanders, foot soldiers, ideologues, and lackeys; and the American and Pakistani officials, soldiers, and intelligence officers respectively responsible for hunting or sheltering him. The Exile, accordingly, provides the most definitive account available of bin Laden's increasingly fraught existence in an over-crowded, ramshackle villa just a stone's throw from Pakistan's version of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
The book's main argument is that neither bin Laden nor the movement they created could have survived without the active support of persons at the apex of both Pakistan's and especially Iran's intelligence services. The critical roles played by both countries in sheltering and protecting key al-Qaeda leaders and their families has of course long been known. But no other publicly available source comes as close to The Exile in presenting this familiar story either in as much detail or from the first-hand perspective of the key dramatis personae. New York Times reporter Carlotta Gall's 2014 book, The Wrong Enemy, for example, had forcefully advanced the same claim regarding Pakistan's complicity. The Exile goes considerably further: both in fleshing out the story and providing additional substantiation through the new information from multiple first-hand perspectives that Scott-Clark and Levy rely on.
In Pakistan, officers in the ultra-secret S-Wing of that country's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) protected bin Laden, their family, and their minions: providing advance warning of military raids and, when necessary, facilitating their unmolested movement from one hiding place to another. This special unit, according to Scott-Clark and Levy, “dealt directly with armed Islamist outfits without referral back to headquarters to ensure plausible deniability for the ISI chief.” It was the apotheosis of the Islamist “deep state” in Pakistan — as evidenced by the longstanding, close relationship that bin Laden enjoyed with former ISI Director Gen. Hamid Gul.
Gul, who ran the intelligence service from 1987 to 1989, “cultivated deep ties with the Taliban, Al Qaeda, and other jihadists fighting in Afghanistan.” The authors continue:
After the Soviets were defeated, Gul had become one of Osama's most outspoken advocates … They met twice in Sudan, with Gul later bragging about these get-togethers — although sometimes they denied them.
The self-proclaimed “Godfather of the Taliban” and close friend and ally of their country's many outlawed jihadi groups, Gul constructed the “ring of security” in Abbottabad that had so effectively safeguarded bin Laden for six years. Their ability to navigate effortlessly between Pakistani officialdom and that country's putative terrorist enemies was evidenced by the ISI's request in 2010 that they negotiate a peace deal with bin Laden and al-Qaeda. Those negotiations were in full swing when U.S. Navy SEALs swept into Abbottabad on May 1, 2011 and killed bin Laden. The Exile lamentably never completely explains how precisely Gul assumed their position as bin Laden's intermediary to the ISI or for that matter what specifically their relationship was with the service they once led. The implication is that Gul maintained close ties to the ISI and especially to its S-Wing and functioned as a useful cut-out and conduit: preserving the necessary “plausible deniability” for the ISI's senior command, cited above.
Gen. Qassem Suleimani, the commander of Iranian and Shia forces deployed against ISIL in Syria and Iraq today, was Gul's Iranian doppelgänger. As commander of the elite Quds Force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corp's (IRGC), Suleimani was similarly responsible for the safekeeping of bin Laden's family and the al-Qaeda leaders and their families who had fled from Afghanistan as a result of the American invasion. Reverentially referred to as “Hajji Qassem” by bin Laden's sons, Suleimani provided accommodation for them, their siblings, and mothers as well as their father's closest confidants and their families at a clandestine Quds Force training headquarters in Tehran.
This tale of Iranian connivance provides additional evidence debunking the popular misconception that extremists do not cooperate across sectarian lines. Rather, it demonstrates how when interests overlap, they have repeatedly shown a remarkable ability to cast aside their otherwise rigid differences to work together. The ancient proverb that “the enemy of my enemy is my friend” has long characterized the shifting and sometimes inexplicable alliances formed across the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia since the war on terrorism commenced 16 years ago. In this instance, the intensity of the shared enmity between Salafi-Jihadi Sunnis and Shia militants against the United States can never be prudently forgotten.
Although The Exile is undeniably bin Laden's and al-Qaeda's story of survival against formidable odds, the lynchpin of the saga is undoubtedly a former colonel in the Egyptian Army's special forces named Saif al-Adel. Today, Al-Adel manages al-Qaeda's interests and operations in Syria. Their qualifications for this senior position are unimpeachable. One of the plotters of the 1981 assassination of Egypt's president Anwar al-Sadat, al-Adel fortuitously avoided the mass incarceration of militants that followed. Arriving in Afghanistan, their martial skills secured them employment training mujahideen to fight against that country's Soviet occupiers. A decade later, when bin Laden relocated to Sudan, al-Adel accompanied them as al-Qaeda's security chief. They returned to Afghanistan with bin Laden following al-Qaeda's expulsion from the Sudan in 1996 and was put in charge of the group's “House of Martyrs” in Kandahar. There, Scott-Clark and Levy explain, “suicide bombers were bullied into submission using psychology, isolation, and brute force.” Al-Adel next assumed command of al-Qaeda's special operations committee, overseeing the movement's ambitious efforts to develop both chemical and biological warfare capabilities.  They are also wanted by the United States on charges stemming from their involvement in al-Qaeda's simultaneous bombings in 1998 of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
When the United States invaded Afghanistan in October 2001, al-Adel headed for Iran rather than Pakistan. Their longstanding ties to both Hizballah and the IRGC from their time in the Sudan assured al-Adel a warm welcome. Indeed, before long, they were “shuttling between Al Qaeda cells hiding in Mashhad, Zahidan, Shiraz, Tehran, and small towns on the Caspian Sea” maintaining group cohesion and providing for their variegated needs.
This flow of al-Qaeda operatives from Afghanistan was facilitated by one of al-Adel's most trusted protégés from the pre-9/11 era — an uncouth Jordanian thug named Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. The collection of senior al-Qaeda personages who al-Zarqawi shepherded to safety in Iran ranged “from bomb makers to former camp commanders, biological weapons specialists, operational planners, and financial chiefs.” Their survival was imperative if the movement was to survive.
As a U.S.-led invasion of Iraq grew increasingly likely, al-Adel decided that al-Qaeda “should begin building up a force on the Iran-Iraq border, ready to take on the Americans whenever they arrived.” They entrusted al-Zarqawi with this important task. Thus, the seeds were sown for the Iraq-based jihadist terrorist organization that would emerge over a decade later calling itself as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Hamzah bin Laden, Osama's eleventh son, also features prominently in The Exile. Hamzah was just 12 years old when they and their father parted at an olive grove in the Melawa Valley in November 2001. “I want to be beside you, Father,” the boy tearfully pleaded. “I wish to fight the infidels with you.” Osama refused, ordering their family to Iran while they remained in Pakistan. Hamzah spent the next decade preparing for jihad. Under the tutelage of both al-Adel and Mahfouz Ibn El Waleed, also known as “Abu Hafs the Mauritanian,” their father's spiritual adviser, Hamzah yearned for the day when they would “march with the mujahideen legions.” As Scott-Clarke and Levy note, “Born into jihad, Hamzah had never known peace.” Briefly united with their father on the eve of the fateful raid on the villa by U.S. Navy SEALs, Hamzah boasted to their father of having been “forged in steel” during their long separation. For security reasons, their reunion, however, was painfully brief. Hamzah spent only the night of April 29, 2011 with their father. They slipped away before dawn the following morning, narrowly escaping the U.S. raid that would have surely resulted in their death or capture. Instead, since 2015, Hamzah has emerged as an increasingly prominent voice in al-Qaeda's outreach and recruitment efforts, promising attacks against the United States, Saudi Arabia, and the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad.
The Exile's main value, however, is in the new light that it sheds on the day-to-day Herculean efforts required simultaneously to protect bin Laden and their family while maintaining open lines of communications to their deputies, acolytes, financiers, and factotums dispersed across Pakistan, Iran, and more distant battlefields. Although ever-vigilant about their and their family's security, the al-Qaeda leader adapted quickly to their new surroundings. By the summer of 2005, they were comfortably ensconced in their Abbottabad lair. “Osama began to regrow their beard for the first time since 2001,” Scott-Clarke and Levy write,
and they organized their work, filing hundreds of audio- and videotapes in immaculate rows, hanging their gold thobe on the back of the door, ready for their next recording. They spent many hours locked away, watching news from Iraq and Afghanistan on Al Jazeera or composing speeches to “my Muslim Ummah” and letters to commanders out in the “mother area” of Waziristan.
Bin Laden thus remained in contact with Ayman al-Zawahiri, their deputy, who had married into a local tribe and lived happily in Damadola as well as with Sheikh Saaed, the movement's financier, who was based in Mir Ali. Indeed, bin Laden felt so secure under the ISI's protection that they could assure their beloved third wife, Khairiah, who they arranged to be brought to the villa from al-Qaeda's sanctuary in Iran, that “she would be safe inside Pakistan.”
As invaluable as The Exile incontestably is, this exhaustively researched 600-page book is not without flaws or omissions. While the authors' routine use of quotations to dramatically convey often decade-old conversations ensures a smooth and riveting narrative, it raises questions about accuracy and recollection — especially when discussions are recalled from the heat of battle or from times of undeniable personal stress, general confusion, and profound uncertainty. More problematical, however, is the absence of any significant discussion of the myriad of failed international terrorist plots and successful attacks, including such highly consequential ones like the 2004 Madrid commuter train bombings, the 2005 simultaneous suicide attacks on the London transport system, and the unsuccessful 2006 “liquid bombs” scheme targeting passenger aircraft departing from London's Heathrow Airport. Even more mysteriously, the 2005 London tragedy, in which 52 persons were killed and more than 700 wounded, is inaccurately portrayed as al-Qaeda “inspired but not commissioned.” Nor is there any mention of al-Qaeda's important operational base in the Malakand district of Pakistan's North-West Frontier Agency — where a succession of British Muslims was trained and dispatched back to their homeland on a variety of terrorist missions.
These weaknesses notwithstanding, Clark-Scott and Levy are to be commended for broadening the aperture of the story they so effectively tell illuminating both the Bush and Obama administrations' whitewashing of Pakistani complicity in sheltering bin Laden; the Obama administration's contradictory assertions of the al-Qaeda leader's patently evident ongoing strategic and tactical direction of the group's operations until their death; its attendant efforts to block multi-agency analysis of critical documents seized at the Abbottabad villa and then to suppress their public release; and the controversy over the role that torture played in the hunt for bin Laden.
Like the authors' previous authoritative book, The Siege: 68 Hours Inside the Taj Hotel, about the simultaneous 2008 attacks in Mumbai, The Exile is destined to become a classic. Indeed, its publication could hardly be better timed. It provides a salutary reminder of the determination and resiliency of an enemy that has thus far not only survived the greatest onslaught ever directed against a terrorist movement in history, but has somehow continued to grow and expand despite the exertions of the world's remaining superpower. In this respect, a comment by Khalid Sheikh Mohammad, the infamous mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, that appears early in The Exile is worth highlighting. “We like to terrorize disbelievers,” they told a Pakistani journalist. “That is what we do for a living.” There are alas many others today plying that same vocation — in Manchester, London, Tehran, and Paris, among other places.
Bruce Hoffman is Director of Georgetown University's Center for Security Studies and a Senior Fellow at the U.S. Military Academy's Combating Terrorism Center. A revised and updated edition of their classic book, Inside Terrorism, will be published by Columbia Univ. Press in September 2017.
Thanks to Donald Trump's attacks on CNN and the response of their fans to those attacks, the network's “security measures have been tightened and some hosts have considered abandoning their social media accounts because of abuse,” the New York Times reports. CNN is in ”an unlikely public fight with the leader of the free world,” according to the Times, which sounds like an article pitch dropped into the final product—only who thinks Donald Trump is leading a significant chunk of the world at this point?
But Trump's wrath may not be expressed just in juvenile insults and inciting supporters to violence.
White House advisers have discussed a potential point of leverage over their adversary, a senior administration official said: a pending merger between CNN's parent company, Time Warner, and AT&T. Mr. Trump's Justice Department will decide whether to approve the merger, and while analysts say there is little to stop the deal from moving forward, the president's animus toward CNN remains a wild card.
Yes, anti-trust policy may be driven by Trump's personal ire toward one of the holdings of one of the companies involved. Sean Spicer, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and Kellyanne Conway will no doubt trot out to assure us that it's not an abuse of power when the president does it.
At the end of the article, we get a couple fairly simple explanations for Trump's attacks:
As for the White House, Mr. Zucker acknowledged that there could be a personal component to the hostility of the president, who disdains any signs of disloyalty. Mr. Zucker hired Mr. Trump to host “The Apprentice” at NBC, and the men were friendly for years. Mr. Trump has claimed credit for Mr. Zucker's hiring at CNN and seems to view the network's negative coverage as a form of betrayal. “Television is their preferred medium,” Mr. Zucker said, asked why the president had zeroed in on their network. “And they know our viewers can be swayed because they're not watching Fox or MSNBC” — networks with an ideological bent in prime time.
Butthurt feelings and a desire to go after and delegitimize a major outlet that's not seen as having a political lean—that would explain a lot. And CNN is just a part—currently the most visible part—of a larger war on news and reporting and any other avenue for people finding out stuff that doesn't make Donald Trump look good.
UFC 204 is coming up soon and the main event is a bit of a letdown to fans of competitive matchups. Join us as we take an in-depth look at one of the more compelling fights on the card.
The UFC's current middleweight title picture is an embarrassment of riches. Yoel Romero is coming off a seven-fight winning streak including names such as Jacare and Lyoto Machida, as well as a win over Derek Brunson that looks increasingly impressive each time they fight. Jacare Souza's only loss in the last 5 years came in a questionable decision to Romero, but aside from that he's recently dominated Vitor Belfort and Gegard Mousasi. Former champion Chris Weidman was given a chance to reclaim their title at UFC 199, but an injury ended their luck. Finally, there's Luke Rockhold, the man Michael Bisping upset to capture the title after Weidman pulled out.
Romero or Jacare seem like the most sensible options for the next title shot, but instead the UFC has decided to make the middleweight contenders fight amongst themselves while they trot Bisping off to fight Dan Henderson at UFC 204. Henderson famously knocked Bisping out in devastating fashion at UFC 100, but he's since faded to a shell of their former self, losing to every top middleweight he's fought along the way.
The sport of MMA has taught us time and time again that counting anyone out is a great way to end up shocked. This lesson has been reinforced in recent weeks by Eric Spicely and Brandon Moreno, one brought in as a sacrifice to the Brazilian crowd, the other a short-notice replacement who most gave little chance.
But we can allow for the possibility that Henderson might shock us while still admitting that the matchup is not compelling. The proverbial “puncher's chance” rarely makes for an interesting matchup, especially when that puncher is as one-note as Henderson has been recently.
Fortunately, the co-main event is a truly compelling matchup between Vitor Belfort and Gegard Mousasi. Both men sit precariously on the fringe of contention, Belfort having been knocked off recently, while Mousasi has struggled to string together quality wins.
The outcome of this fight has relevant consequences for the division. It could provide the momentum Belfort needs to spring themselves into one last title run, or it could represent Mousasi finally getting the big win that will propel them into the upper echelon.
The Dreamcatcher
Mousasi primarily attacks with their two longest weapons – an incredibly versatile jab and an inside leg kick. They use their jab to set a comfortable distance and keep their opponent a step away from him. He'll show the jab when their opponent moves into the pocket to scare them off, or while retreating to break their rhythm on a combination.
When opponents start trying to parry or give ground to avoid the jab, he'll flick a jab to get them backing up and catch them with an inside leg kick as they move out of range.
The extra step of distance that Mousasi keeps give them time to read the entries of their opponents and counter or disengage. When they want to cover the distance himself, he'll hide their entries behind a jab, keeping their feet underneath them while they advance to set up the right hand.
Their sense of distance is so great that they are rarely forced to check leg kicks, instead he'll just slide out of range before or after landing their own.
Setting such a large distance and consistently keeping themselves out of range when attacking gets frustrating for opponents to deal with, and their entries will often get progressively more desperate.
Mousasi kept Thales Leites on the end of their jab until Leites began throwing caution to the wind and running in, at which point Mousasi would tag them with a counter straight. Dan Henderson was knocked out shuffling onto Mousasi's right hand after struggling to find entries early.
Mousasi is something of an all-terrain fighter, capable of playing the outfighter as well as corralling an elusive opponent, but they seem most comfortable moving forward. They use the jab to back their man up while keeping themselves out of range on the front foot. Careful, patient footwork allows them to line a circling fighter up by taking small steps and pivoting on their rear foot to keep their back to the center of the Octagon.
It's difficult to draw Mousasi into counters as they advance because they do so gradually. Large, explosive forward movements are a counter-puncher's dream, but Mousasi keeps their feet under them when they move forward and covers their entries with the jab. Even so, Mousasi has a tendency to overextend themselves on their straight right while moving forward and leaving their rear foot behind.
Want your voice heard? Join the Cage Pages team! Write for us!
The Phenom
In recent years, Vitor Belfort has learned to temper their aggression with experience and develop a fundamentally sound kickboxing game. Like Mousasi, they keep an extra step of distance between themselves and their opponent. Belfort will fill that distance with kicks and the occasional straight, but their best work with their hands is done on the counter as their opponents step in to cover that distance. He's largely one-sided, heavily favoring their rear side, but they have a solid counter lead hook when opponents step onto them with their straight.
Belfort's game is built around the traditional southpaw double attack. Straight lefts bring the opponent's hand in front of their face to parry and get them slipping off-line, headkicks bring their arm tight to the side of their head and keep them upright.
Each one starts with a similar motion – and can be easily feinted into the other – and attacks the openings that are exposed by the other. Focus too much on defending the straight and you'll slip right into a headkick. Focus too much on the headkick and you remain bolt upright with a hole down the middle of your guard.
The best technical performance of Belfort's career came against current champion, Michael Bisping. The straight and headkick were manipulating Bisping's guard and creating openings for one another, and Belfort went to work with body kicks to create an additional threat that plays upon the others, something he's since mostly abandoned. Bisping struggled to get their own offense going because Belfort was able to time them with counters when they stepped in.
Belfort has a solid counter hook when opponents try to step in on them with the straight.
Although they will charge forward and swarm when they have opponents hurt, Belfort has recently been fighting mostly off the backfoot. At range, they circle almost solely toward their rear hand. He'll feint direction changes once in awhile, but rarely ever commits to moving toward their lead side when backing up.
This helps encourage guys to walk onto their rear punches and kicks, but it makes their movement predictable and allows them to be lead into strikes. Lyoto Machida had success against Mousasi by changing directions rapidly and stepping one way with a punch before pivoting out the other, something Belfort would be wise to add into their game.
Experience has made Belfort a more patient and intelligent fighter, but their performances are often marred by mind-boggling decisions. It seems after a certain point in a fight that isn't going their way, Belfort begins looking for an out.
I don't know how else to explain pulling guard against one of the best top players in the known universe and attempting to punch their way out of Chris Weidman's mount. This is the kind of decision making we expect from Milana Dudieva, not a veteran of the sport.
Gameplans
Mousasi has been winning fights with their offensive wrestling lately and it seems likely that he'll try to implement it against Belfort. Belfort is very difficult to take down in the open, but Jacare would back them up to the fence and shoot in just to get their back on the cage. Mousasi will have trouble taking Belfort down directly with shots, but they can use them to push Belfort against the fence and work their clinch game.
Belfort struggled with Weidman's patient footwork and refusal to walk onto counters. If Mousasi is able to maintain their distance with the jab and keep their feet under them as they advance, Belfort should have trouble intercepting them as they move forward.
On Belfort's side, they need to actively draw out the punches from Mousasi that they want to counter. If you wait on Mousasi to throw the jab before trying to counter, you'll be stuck on the end of it all night. Belfort needs to jab with Mousasi and feint entries in order to get them throwing the jab when Belfort wants them to. This is especially important because Mousasi will throw jabs to draw counters and exploit the resulting openings. If Belfort is able to take the initiative by using feints and throwaway punches to draw out Mousasi's jab, the counters will come easier.
Belfort's habit of circling to their rear side takes them out of the path of the jab and encourages Mousasi to throw the right hand. This could be useful if they can get Mousasi over-extending on the straight and start catching them with counter hooks, but it's also easy to envision Belfort getting in trouble for circling predictably. Mousasi scored a brilliant knockdown over Thiago Santos by cutting them off with right hooks to stand them still for some big uppercuts.
This fight is Mousasi's to lose if they can deny opportunities for Belfort's counter punches and use the clinch to slow it down early. Belfort is as dangerous as anyone in the first round but tends to fade as the fight goes on. Expect to see Belfort come out swinging and give Mousasi trouble early, but Mousasi will likely take over in the later rounds if he's able to weather the storm
MANILA, Philippines — Canadian men's basketball coach Jay Triano could tell their players needed a moment to regroup after briefly losing a lead in the third quarter of Saturday's FIBA Olympic qualifying semifinal against New Zealand.
They told them to "breathe, just relax," and it worked.
Canada took a step closer to qualifying for the Rio Games with a 78-72 victory over New Zealand. The Canadians will play France in Sunday's final with the winner earning an Olympic berth.
"I think we were getting caught up just a little bit," Triano said of the third-quarter mishap that saw New Zealand take a 66-64 lead. "We missed a defensive assignment, they hit a three, that hurts us.
"The tempo of the game was in our pace early then it kind of slowed down for us. But I still thought at the end of the game our execution, spreading the floor and being able to use our athleticism was our strength."
Cory Joseph poured in 20 points and Tristan Thompson, fresh off an NBA championship-winning run with the Cleveland Cavaliers, added 13 points and 10 rebounds for the Canadian squad.
Canada hasn't had a men's basketball team in the Olympics since the 2000 Games in Sydney.
"We came this far, we came to put ourselves in a position to win," Thompson said.
"Coach Jay, the whole coaching staff and front office put a team together to come here and win. We've travelled this far, the guys went to multiple destinations to prepare for this moment. I'm glad I'm able to be a part of this. We have one more game."
Melvin Ejim had 13 points for Canada and Anthony Bennett had nine.
"Melvin is our energy guy," Triano said. "We trust them down the stretch… He's a fierce competitor and was extremely valuable tonight."
Corey Webster recorded a game-high 21 points for New Zealand while Tai Jack Webster had 15 points and 10 boards.
Canada outscored New Zealand 44-28 in the paint but shot 20 per cent from three-point range, compared to New Zealand's 37.9 per cent. Canada also made just 14-of-25 free-throw attempts.
"We're a better shooting team than we've shown," Triano said. "We eventually have to make shots. We have one more game to get that done."
New Zealand took a 25-23 lead in the first quarter and the teams were tied 42-42 at the half. The Canadians had a slim 58-54 lead after three and closed out the fourth by outscoring New Zealand 20-18.
France downed Turkey 75-63 in Saturday's other semifinal.
The Nokia Research and Development Centre is seen in Helsinki April 11, 2008. REUTERS/Bob Strong
HELSINKI (Reuters) - The world's top cellphone maker Nokia said on Monday it has agreed to buy social networking start-up Plazes as part of its major push into offering Internet services.
Plazes (www.plazes.com/) provides location-aware services that people can use to plan, record, and share their social activities.
Nokia did not disclose the value of the deal.
“This acquisition helps Nokia to accelerate its vision of bringing people and places closer together, in line with our broader services strategy,” Niklas Savander, the head of Nokia's Internet services, said in a statement.
Companies such as Plazes are trying to tap into the potential for new services as more mobile phones get equipped with technology to pinpoint their location.
Nokia has said it would have dozens of such phones to offer by the end of this year.
To achieve new growth as the cellphone business is set to mature in coming years Nokia started to invest heavily in building up its presence in Internet service.
It has offered $8.1 billion for U.S. digital maps firm Navteq — a cornerstone of its services push — and has said it would invest millions more this year and next.
Plazes has staff of 13, and its main operations are in Berlin.
Mr Obama is riding a wave of momentum after a series of wins
Obama speech Barack Obama has gained more ground over their rival, Hillary Clinton, in the contest to win the Democratic nomination to run for US president. Mr Obama, the senator for Illinois, has won the primary in Wisconsin, and is also projected to take victory in Hawaii - their 10th win in a row. This puts huge pressure on Mrs Clinton to win in Ohio and Texas next month. John McCain won Wisconsin for the Republicans, boosting their front-runner status in their party's contest. Mr McCain is also projected to win a Republican primary in Washington state. With 99% of precincts having reported in Wisconsin, Mr Obama had 58% of the vote to Mrs Clinton's 41%. Democrats Hillary Clinton
17 states, 1,592 delegates Arizona, Arkansas, California, Florida, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas Barack Obama
24 states, 1,723 delegates Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Carolina, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington state, Wisconsin
2,025 delegates needed for nomination. Source AP (includes all kinds of delegates)
Q&A: US election delegates
Republicans Mike Huckabee
8 states, 271 delegates Campaign ended
Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Iowa, Tennessee, West Virginia, Kansas, Louisiana John McCain
20 states, 1,253 delegates Arizona, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington state, Wisconsin Mitt Romney
11 states, 251 delegates Campaign suspended
Alaska, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Wyoming, Utah
1,191 delegates needed for nomination. Source: AP (includes all kinds of delegates) The state has 74 Democratic delegates at stake. The Associated Press (AP)news agency said Mr Obama was projected to win at least 38 of them, and Mrs Clinton 27, with nine still to be awarded. Meanwhile, with 51% of precincts counted in Hawaii, where the Illinois senator was born, they had taken 76% of the vote, leading AP and CNN to project victory. The state has 20 delegates up for grabs. The BBC's Jonathan Beale says Wisconsin was a significant victory for Mr Obama, eating into Mrs Clinton's support base. It is a major disappointment for Mrs Clinton, the senator for New York, who had been hoping to restore momentum to their campaign. Instead, Mr Obama was reported to have gained almost equal support from white women, and to have polled well from working-class Democrats - both groups which have usually supported Mrs Clinton. Mr Obama also took the youth vote and six out of 10 self-described independent voters, according to exit polls for ABC. But they and Mrs Clinton are already looking ahead to March's bigger contests in Ohio and Texas, seen by analysts as crucial to their credibility as a candidate. Speaking at a victory rally in Houston, Texas, Mr Obama said: "The change we seek is still months and miles away and we need to get all of Texas to help us get there." Addressing a rally in Youngstown, Ohio, Mrs Clinton said the primary campaign was "about picking a president who relies not just on words but on work - hard work to get America back to work". Before the results from Wisconsin were calculated, Mr Obama held a slight lead over Mrs Clinton, with 1,280 delegates to their 1,218. It will take 2,025 delegates to secure the Democratic nomination at the party's national convention this summer. McCain favourite Mr McCain, the senator for Arizona, appeared to target Mr Obama in their victory speech as they promised to ensure Americans were "not deceived by an eloquent but empty call for change". On the Republican side, the race between Mr McCain and Mike Huckabee, a former Arkansas governor, continues.
In pictures: Wisconsin votes Mr McCain now has almost four times as many delegates as their main rival, Mike Huckabee. With 99% of precincts reporting in Wisconsin, they led with 55% of the vote compared with 37% for Mr Huckabee and 5% for Texas Congressman Ron Paul. There are 40 Republican delegates at stake. Early exit polls for AP suggested Mr McCain had made headway with some core Republican voters, beating Mr Huckabee overwhelmingly for the support of moderate Republicans. The Washington Republican primary is the second vote in a two-part nominating contest - half its delegates were decided earlier in a caucus on 9 February, which was narrowly won by Mr McCain. With 56% of precincts counted on Tuesday, Mr McCain had amassed 49% to Mr Huckabee's 21% and Mr Paul's 7%. Washington state's Democrats are also holding a primary but their delegates to the party's summer nominating convention have already been chosen on the basis of caucuses.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Exactly what does Ted Cruz mean when they sneer about “New York values” as a reason to reject Donald Trump? Disparaging New York has long been a favorite trope for reactionary loudmouths, always with an ugly undertone of bigotry against racial, ethnic, religious and, more recently, sexual minorities.
Demagogues denigrating New York come and go with boring predictability — and the nation's greatest city will continue to thrive long after the Texas senator is merely an unpleasant memory. But in the meantime, their cheap insult tells us much more about them than about their target.
For someone who went to the very best schools — and flaunted their academic elitism until that no longer served their ambition — Cruz is remarkably narrow in their outlook, or at least they pretend to be. While they reek of phoniness, perhaps they truly are so small-minded that they cannot comprehend just how large New York really is, in every way.
READ: The Sixth GOP Debate: Seven Candidates Get Down to Dollars and Cents
Despite the city's well-deserved liberal reputation, its tolerance for the broadest possible variety of opinions, faiths and lifestyles is its deepest strength. Conservatives are welcome in New York, birthplace of the Conservative Party and home of the National Review, its late founder William F. Buckley Jr., and so many who followed in their wake. They could have gone anywhere, but they took Manhattan — just as David Koch and scores of other influential right-wingers do today.
Those right-wing New Yorkers include significant supporters and donors to the Cruz campaign, although one can hope they will reconsider that choice now. Either way, their remark suggests that Cruz is one of those oh-so-clever people who assume that everyone else is stupid. They seem to believe that nobody will notice how eagerly they suck up to New Yorkers who can benefit him, even as they seek to inflame prejudice against their hometown.
Of course, slurring the original city of immigrants has always served as a thin scrim for traditional anti-Semitism, which is what Cruz evoked with their remark about “money and media” at the Republican debate on Thursday evening. They must think nobody noticed that their wife works for Goldman Sachs — or that they took a big fat loan from that very Jewish-sounding Wall Street outfit when they first ran for the Senate.
In Trump's response, they spoke angrily and eloquently of 9/11 — a moment when most of the nation rallied around the city, with admiration for the resilience and solidarity displayed by its people. Later, New Yorkers learned how shallow that support could be, notably among Republicans in Congress who resisted approving the aid they always expect when their own districts confronted disaster, and even sought to deny assistance to suffering first responders. At worst, support for New York turned into an excuse for hatred of Muslims and immigrants.
But the aftermath of 9/11 represented a perfect expression of real New York values: tolerance and charity across all boundaries of ethnicity, religion, lifestyle, class and occupation; decency and justice toward those who have the least, suffered the most and sacrificed for all; cooperation and collaboration in the face of tragedy; and the kind of knowing toughness that is sometimes mistaken for cynicism. Only a rube thinks that New York is about money and media alone; it is much, much bigger than that. New York values have always been the most enduring American values.
Now along comes Ted Cruz, who wants to grub New York money and then insult New Yorkers. Since he's such a tough guy — blustering on about assault weapons and carpet-bombing innocent people far away — they should try running their mouth about New York on the streets of Queens or Brooklyn, and see how that works out. (But no guns allowed, punk.)
The consortium's cash offer, which was made on March 10 and announced publicly by Starwood on Monday, represents a significant premium to Marriott's deal, which has been affected by a decline in the hotel operator's stock price since it was announced in November.
Starwood said on Monday that its board had not changed its recommendation in support of the Marriott deal, but that it would carefully consider the outcome of its discussions with the consortium led by Anbang to determine the course of action that is in the “best interest of Starwood and its stockholders.”
Starwood said that it had received a waiver from Marriott to allow it to engage in discussions and due diligence with the consortium. The waiver expires on Thursday.
Marriott described the rival takeover approach to Starwood as “highly conditional and nonbinding.”
“Marriott will monitor this development as it and Starwood continue to work toward the closing of its transaction and the successful integration of the two companies,” Marriott said in a news release.
Shareholders of Starwood and Marriott are set to vote on whether to approve the merger on March 28. Marriott would receive a termination fee of $400 million if Starwood were to back out of the deal.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Rime, the puzzle-adventure game that has been compared to both The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker and Ico, will launch for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC on May 26. Releasing both physically and digitally, Rime will cost $30 / £30.
Those details change slightly for the Nintendo Switch version, whose boxed and virtual copies will set you back $40 / £40 when it launches "shortly afterward."
The May date will mark the end of a long and troubled development for Rime, which was originally announced as a PS4 exclusive back in 2013. After another trailer at Gamescom 2014, the game went dark until March of last year. Developer Tequila Works then announced that it had reacquired the rights to Rime from Sony--which had been listed as the game's publisher up until that point--after reassuring fans that Rime was still in development.
The title was then re-revealed in January 2017, having gone multiplatform with Grey Box and Six Foot brought on board as co-publishers. If you want to see what the game looks like now, check out this extended look at some gameplay.
The game could have actually ended up an Xbox exclusive at one point: the title was pitched to Microsoft prior to its arrangement with Sony, but the computing giant decided to pass on helping fund Rime's development.
Sony is buying up some "important parts" of OnLive, the first major video game streaming platform, and casting the rest aside. The game streaming service, and its related Desktop and SL Go applications, will shut down on April 30, OnLive announced this week.
As the first paid 'cloud gaming' service of its kind, OnLive's most valuable assets - to Sony, anyway - are likely its many patents. The streaming service itself, which has operated without interruption for five years despite narrowly avoiding bankruptcy and changing owners halfway through, isn't part of the deal.
Sony may use OnLive's assets to improve its PlayStation Now rental and subscription service, which lets players stream a library of PlayStation 3 games to their PS3s, PS4s, PS TVs, and a growing selection of Sony-approved televisions and multimedia devices. Some of OnLive's technology may also prove useful for the Remote Play and SharePlay features on PS4, which respectively let users stream their games on remote devices or play with distant friends as if they were on the same console.
Aside from partnering with Steam in 2014, OnLive's gaming service has kept fairly quiet since it nearly went belly-up in 2012. But it's still a shame that all of its micro consoles and dedicated controllers will be made useless after April 30, especially since you're not eligible for a refund if you bought them before February 1, 2015. That's the biggest danger of investing in a streaming platform - once the service is gone, so is all the stuff you bought for it, no matter how long you let the hardware linger in your closet.
Speaking of investing in game streaming platforms, Sony buying out OnLive further asserts PlayStation Now as the preeminent service of its kind. PS Now's selection is still relatively limited, and it only recently began beta testing outside of North America, but Sony seems very serious about expanding it in the future.
Meanwhile, Microsoft hasn't expressed much public interest in the sort of game streaming model that OnLive and PlayStation Now use. Xbox One was theoretically built so that it could offload certain games' hardware-intensive calculations to remote servers, but we haven't seen much of that in practice. And Nintendo's happy to just sell downloadable versions of its old games via the eShop Virtual Console, which recently added Nintendo 64 and DS support on Wii U.
Philips' Master LED bulb has the same form factor as the old-fashioned kind, making it "simple for people to use and feel good about using." The bulb draws just 7 watts but gives off light equivalent to 40 watts' worth, and lasts 45,000 hours, as opposed to the 1,500 of its incandescent predecessors. Already available in Europe, the Master LED should make its way to North American shores sometime before July.
Another interesting Philips product is their LivingColors LED lamp, which contains just four LED bulbs--two red, one blue, one green--that can be controlled to produce 16 million different colors. Dragging your finger around the iPod-like touch wheel on the remote produces different hues. Priced at around 120 Pounds, the LivingColors has been available in Europe since '07, but there's no word as to when it might come 'Stateside.
This week the American Astronomical Society (AAS) is having their biannual meeting. You can follow along with tons of great tweets from many astronomers at the meeting by following #aas222
Even when I'm not able to go, I still enjoy looking through the meeting's abstract book to get a sense for what's being discussed. If you don't want to parse ~100 pages of abstracts, check out this word cloud I made using every talk and poster abstract:
This visualization is a little silly, but it does give you a sense for what people are talking about this week. Lots of big name telescopes can be found in the 'cloud (like Kepler and Hubble), and abbreviations for the states that are home to many of astronomers (AZ, CA, MA). I'm happy to see "stars" as one of the biggest science words, and cool to see WIYN getting lots of love (which makes sense given the meeting's location, and ODI being online).
From the ABC's iconic music show, 'rage', comes a rock biography about what happened when the world's biggest musical acts sat down on Australia's most famous couch. Packed with backstage anecdotes and music industry gossip! What happens when the world's biggest musical acts sit down on Australia's most famous couch? the answer: drunkenness, dark introspection, mania, hilarity, incoherent rambling, sharp-edged commentary and fiery 'artistic differences'. And the occasional food fight. Real Wild Child is the story of a music obsessive who landed the job of their dreams programming rage. What followed were constant close encounters with the world's most popular bands and music artists. Narelle Gee and the rage couch have shared many secrets. Over more than twenty years of rage, the couch has seen it all: the famous golden bottom of Kylie Minogue and the partly leather-clad, mostly bare buttocks of KISS rocker Gene Simmons; the contortions of Courtney Love; the tattooed muscles of Henry Rollins; the dark and light sides of Nick Cave, trent Reznor, Gwen Stefani, Billy Corgan, Marilyn Manson, Michael Hutchence, Jack Black, Lily Allen, Green Day, Beastie Boys, Silverchair, Public Enemy, the Prodigy, the Black Eyed Peas, Foo Fighters, Powderfinger, Coldplay, New Order, the Strokes, Sonic Youth, Kings of Leon and many, many more. Its fabric has been marked by cheap wine, fine Champagne, cocktails, beer, coffee, pizza, hamburger, cigarette ash, and other substances. Once, it was touched by fire. (Some electronic artists have a fondness for arson.) With the biggest names in music and juicy backstage anecdotes, Real Wild Child is packed with real wild moments, rock and roll tales, and plenty of secrets from the couch ...
Share
South Korean scientists have created a beagle that glows green in certain types of light, adding yet another animal to the growing list of genetically modified dogs and cats produced in recent years.
Tegon, the glowing, two-year-old beagle, glows with a bright, fluorescent green hue under ultraviolet light when a particular drug is added to their food, according to a new report published in the scientific journal Genesis.
Discovery News reports that the glowing dog was created using a complicated process of genetic manipulation, with the end goal of the project being a system in which researchers can study the course of diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. The paper's co-author, ByeongChun Lee, indicated that dogs' susceptibility to a high number of the same genetic diseases afflicting humans makes any ability to chart the course of those diseases extremely valuable to research.
According to Lee, genes that trigger some of the 268 degenerative diseases that affect both humans and dogs could easily be added to the drug used to “turn on” the glowing effect.
Lee also noted that Tegon was not harmed in any way by the process.
It's worth noting that Tegon is far from the first glowing animal created by scientists for similar purposes. Most recently, scientists developed a red fluorescent puppy named Ruppy, as well as glowing cat named Mr. Green Genes.
Of course, anyone who's ever tripped over a sleeping dog or cat during the middle of night will appreciate the less-scientific applications of this research.
You can watch a Reuters report on Tegon below:
Guitarist Kim Thayil of reunited grunge legends SOUNDGARDEN tells The Sydney Morning Herald that the band plans to make a new album in the next few months for a 2016 release.
"No studio has been chosen and no songs are written yet," says Thayil. "When we finish these shows in Australia [as part of the Soundwave festival], we'll spend a month or more working on it. It's definitely going to happen."
They continued: "We worked with producer Adam Kasper on our last album and I wouldn't be surprised if we hook up with them again."
SOUNDGARDEN singer Chris Cornell told The Pulse Of Radio that the band will take the same approach to its seventh album as it did with 2012's "King Animal". "We're definitely gonna start writing new songs and I think we've all agreed on several occasions that we want to keep doing it," they said. "And I think it will be very similar to 'King Animal' in that there's no clock on it. And I also see us going out into some new SOUNDGARDEN frontier musically and see what it is, and hopefully we'll be here in a year talking about what that is."
"King Animal" was the band's first album in 16 years and followed a lengthy hiatus that lasted from 1997 to 2010.
Cornell added about making the new record, "We've made a lot of albums, how do you make the next one, and what is your reason for making it? You've got to do something else. We've always got to reach. But having said that, we always naturally do that anyways."
A new SOUNDGARDEN song, "Storm", was recorded in May 2014 with producer Jack Endino and was released last fall.
Endino previously worked produced SOUNDGARDEN's debut EP, "Screaming Life", back in 1987. They also worked with a number of other Seattle bands over the years, including NIRVANA and MUDHONEY.
The 20th-anniversary reissue of SOUNDGARDEN's breakthrough 1994 album, "Superunknown", sold 5,700 copies in the United States in its first week of release to land at position No. 51 on The Billboard 200 chart.
READER COMMENTS ON
"VIDEO - What a President Should Sound Like: Obama on Criticism of their Economic Stimulus Package"
(14 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... marain said on 1/9/2009 @ 3:18 pm PT...
I am thrilled that you have been seen by the transition team and that they're asking you for input!!! Hooray!!! Congratulations!!!!
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/9/2009 @ 3:49 pm PT...
Brad,
It is a credit to your tireless work and advocacy for election transparency and reform over the last 5 years that President-elect Obama is turning to you for advice. It is also a credit to Obama that they have recognized your understanding and ability to assess the issues surrounding elections in a skillful and nonpartisan way. Let's hope they do take your advice as we move forward into this new and hopefully far better chapter in American history. I'll also add that I'm proud to have been here, sometimes on, sometimes in spirit, over the last five years to watch and participate to what degree I'm capable in the BradBlog movement, along with such luminaries as 99, KBE, Big Dan, Dredd, Flo, Phil, JoJ, Czaragorn, and others, some of whom are here fastidiously, some of whom have wandered in other directions (sadly)...I really consider you all brothers and sisters on these here internet tube thingies. This is a milestone. SR
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... Agent 99 said on 1/9/2009 @ 4:23 pm PT...
Shit, Brad. They really sounds so great there that all my particles want to believe him. I'm madder'n a wet hen at him, and I don't trust them as far as I can throw him, but, yeesh, I haven't had that feeling about any bit coming out a president's mouth since I was a little girl. Still, he's all mouth and outrageous concessions to negative forces within our society, so I'm not letting them out from under the manhole cover yet... even if their people did have the sense to consult you on the future of that fascist commission. I like that they had the sense to allude to the ultra-cynical --- deadly cynical --- posturing in Congress. That was what made me march down to the Registrar's office and un-Democrat myself once and for all. I'm going to be hyper-vigilant until I see some solid results, some solid, consequential statesmanship out him.
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... mick said on 1/9/2009 @ 4:41 pm PT...
Government by the people ...who wuda thunk ?
COMMENT #5 [Permalink]
... Gos said on 1/9/2009 @ 7:24 pm PT...
Perhaps you could slip in a few comments about this little matter when you speak to the team Brad. http://palestinian.ning....-other-side-of-the-story Words cannot describe how disappointed I am in the deafening silence coming from the progressive community regarding Israel's latest actions. It's so comforting to know that so many people place their own fear of being called anti-semitic above fighting injustice. Pussies. And Brad, all I can say to you is that while I do commend you for your work in the past, I can't help but be felt that you're not being completely honest about this whole Israel situation. I mean, for God's sake, just look at the pictures. And not a word about it on your blog AT ALL for DAYS. I seem to recall you covering Abu Ghraib at least some, as well as some other rather untidy things from the Iraq war. Anyways, I'm posting this at work and I've got to go. Talk to you later bud.
COMMENT #6 [Permalink]
... Agent 99 said on 1/9/2009 @ 9:12 pm PT...
Here, Gos, have a nice cry with me listening to Rosanne Barr [mp3, one hour]... brave lady. True human.
COMMENT #7 [Permalink]
... John R Brakey said on 1/9/2009 @ 9:35 pm PT...
This is good news Brad. The EAC needs a lot of help. They've become one of the longest steering committee running in government. Let us in Pima County know what we can do to help.
COMMENT #8 [Permalink]
... Off the Grid said on 1/9/2009 @ 10:28 pm PT...
#3-ditto
COMMENT #9 [Permalink]
... Gos said on 1/9/2009 @ 10:42 pm PT...
Brad, now that I'm at home and not rushed to make a post I would like to make clear to you (and anyone else that might read this)that I don't intend for my criticisms of your recent blogging to in any way subtract or invalidate what I believe to be some of the most courageous and in depth reporting on the net or anywhere else over the last few years. It is precisely BECAUSE of such reporting that I find myself so disappointed now. I know you had that guest blogger post about the AP situation, but to me it barely scratches the surface of the level of media bias in this country in regards to Israel and it's neighbors. Nevermind the fact that, you know, people were kicked out of their homes so that Israel could be created in the first place (yeah, I know the U.S. is no different), but when the death count is 700-12 or whatever it is and the U.S. headlines read "OMG A HAMAS ROCKET KILLED A PUPPY!!" it just kinda makes one want to puke. I would also like to give you credit for giving me a forum to post about the things that make me vomitous, you could easily delete such posts or prevent them from even appearing if you wished. I just hope it's not just a clever way to keep track of the dissidents that will be rounded up when America just says screw it and goes fascist (eek!). Thanks for the link 99, I'll be sure to give that a listen. I had heard they had come out against Israel's latest actions but haven't actually heard specifically what she'd like to say. It's a shame that the viewpoints of Jews like them aren't made more visible. Sadly it seems that when it comes to war the most savage and warmongering fucks in both the U.S. and Israel are the ones who control the debate.
COMMENT #10 [Permalink]
... Floridiot said on 1/10/2009 @ 1:54 am PT...
That's great news Brad. How refreshing it is to hear that we're going to have an adult at the helm in Obama for a while isn't it? (and not another lame brain which we've had far too many of these past 28 years or so) IMO we're still going to have scanners (computerized counting) so that the SOS's can save face on their lousy purchases and so the media can have their instant gratification, but that doesn't mean we still can't have mandatory manual recounts of the paper ballots and compare that to the electronic count. Make it so #1 (that's you Brad)
COMMENT #11 [Permalink]
... Floridiot said on 1/10/2009 @ 4:28 am PT...
Oh and ask the team for me if Obama is going to have a separate crew to watch the neo-Republicans (aka traitors) here/overseas activities?
We don't want another Iran hostage crisis-like situation popping up around 2012 do we?
I think that would be the first team put into action if it were me in charge.
COMMENT #12 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:05 am PT...
Gos @ #9 said: I know you had that guest blogger post about the AP situation, but to me it barely scratches the surface of the level of media bias in this country in regards to Israel and it's neighbors. I didn't "[have] that guest blogger" (it was Brad Jacobson" post anything. Brad posted their article, on their own, as they saw fit. I saw it and learned about it when it was posted. I thought it was a superb, and newsworthy, and maddening piece. As I believe I mentioned when I first replied to your similar criticism in a previous thread, we cannot cover everything, and your suggestion (frankly) that there is some nefarious reason for not having offered more on the Israel/Gaza travesty is actually somewhat offensive. At least to me. We do news here first, opinion here second. If there is something newsworthy, and new, that we can offer to any particularly story, and I (or a Guest Blogger) has something to offer on it, we do. Period. Regardless of how popular any opinion on the article may or may not be. As I also noted, I've been on the road for several months, and have been limited by both that, and doctor's orders to go easy for a while, as I'm still in pain every time I type. In any case, you're still welcome to bitch and complain about what I don't cover. You're even welcome to proffer unsubstantiated suppositions about why I do or don't cover any particular thing. You're even welcome to condemn me for it, as you please here. No matter how wrong you may be in your assertions. But if you can go gentle, as far as high-jacking every single thread on that matter, I'd appreciate it, as only that is currently against our commenting rules. The rest, you are a free to do as you see fit. And, as always, I'm sorry when I can't be everything to everyone's desires, or report everything, as everyone might like. I mean that sincerely, not passive-aggressively. But, I can only do what I can do. And much of what I do, you guys never get to see here at all, unfortunately, because much of it is in the background, on the phones, via email or in person. But I will continue to hope that what I do offer on these pages, is at least worth the price we ask you to pay for admission. And, as always, I appreciate your input and opinions.
COMMENT #13 [Permalink]
... David Dzidzikashvili said on 1/23/2009 @ 2:09 pm PT...
Obama's stimulus plan should also envision changing regulations & economic policies to have short-term & long-term effects on unemployment, middle-class and the market stability. Strengthening the middle class and creating more job opportunities should be the primary objective of the package, rather than handing the blank check to the Wall Street and failed big corporations.
COMMENT #14 [Permalink]
... do you remember this said on 1/24/2009 @ 11:35 pm PT...
The New England Patriots' logic for adding a speedster in free agency or by trade is simple: they weren't seperating from cornerbacks in two of their three most important games of the 2016 NFL season.
As noted by CSNNE's Michael Giardi, the Patriots struggled to get open against the Houston Texans in the AFC Divisional round and against the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI.
What to do about this problem? Add someone who is too fast to cover.
Go back & look hard at the Pats offense in the Super Bowl (for 3 Qs) and vs Texans. Had a hard time separating. Hence interest in speedy WR — Michael Giardi (@MikeGiardi) March 8, 2017
The Patriots have a speedster in Chris Hogan, but a by adding a playmaker like Cooks — especially if they come at the right price — the Patriots offense could find its seventh gear. They'd be like Mad Max charging down Fury Road with the rest of the NFL chasing behind them. Defense would be futile — explosions would be imminent.
So the Patriots have elected to pursue a pair of speedy wideouts during the 2017 offseason. They reportedly attempted a trade for New Orleans Saints receiver Brandin Cooks while also showing interest in Washington Redskins receiver DeSean Jackson.
This is only notable because the Patriots so rarely pursue big-name receivers. The last time they acquired someone truly notable? Randy Moss (and Wes Welker). Danny Amendola was a reasonably big-name signing in 2013, though he doesn't fall into the category of Jackson or Cooks — and certainly not Moss.
And while Tom Brady gets knocked for having a bad deep ball, he's greatly improved in recent years, and was excellent in 2016. A target like Cooks or Jackson will not go underutilized in the Patriots offense, which is famous for its dink-and-dunk system that relies heavily on short passes including timing and crossing routes.
Jackson and Cooks could bring a new element to the Patriots offense. As the Patriots try to play to the strengths of their players, the role for a speedy receiver would be unique to New England. It wouldn't be exactly what Moss brought nor what Deion Branch bought. But it may fall comfortable between the two players.
And while the Patriots had Hogan, who ran the best go-route in the NFL in 2016, and Edelman, who ran the best hitch and comeback routes, they don't have anyone who can carve up the intermediate section of the field and make big plays. That's where Cooks and Jackson — or another player with a similar skill set — could provide major contributions.
That's also why the Patriots have shown interest in acquiring soon-to-be Giants receiver Brandon Marshall and Houston Texans receiver DeAndre Hopkins. Those two aren't stereotypical burners, but they bring a diversity to the offense as large and athletic receivers who have shown they can take control of the deep third of the field — particularly in the middle of the field. Michael Floyd was added during the 2016 season with this thought in mind, even though they didn't pan out.
So perhaps the Patriots aren't entirely set upon a burner — but the Patriots see good value in two coincidentally speedy receivers like Jackson and Cooks. Regardless, New England is looking for players who can generate separation downfield. Cooks and Jackson can do just that.
If they were to create separation in a Patriots uniform, the opposing defense would have to dedicate significant manpower to stymie a receiver of their caliber. That could make life significantly easier for Edelman, Hogan and Malcolm Mitchell. Throw a healthy Rob Gronkowski on the field, and the Patriots have the most diverse group of pass-catchers in the NFL. Because, you can't forget about running backs James White and Dion Lewis. Ask the Falcons about White and the Texans about Lewis.
If the Patriots can't find the threat their looking for in free agency or by trade, they can always look to the draft for players like Ohio State Buckeyes receiver Curtis Samuel, who fits the Percy Harvin mold. But the Patriots seem to have more success adding veteran receivers, for whatever reason, and may be wise to do so again if they want an immediate impact.
Brady, who go hit 17 times in the Falcons and Texans game combined, wouldn't mind an immediate impact from a receiver so they don't have to take so much impact from defensive linemen.
Members of the first graduation class of Tuscarora High School toss their mortar boards into the air after the completion of the commencement ceremony held in the school's gym Tuesday, June 12, 2012, in Leesburg, Va. How will they age in 20 years? (Katherine Frey/The Washington Post)
When English poet John Milton wrote of "Time, the subtle thief of youth" in the 17th century, they probably aren't thinking of a high school reunion. But if you've ever been to such an event, Milton's words may have crossed your mind as you walked around the room shaking hands with classmates who had become bald and fat before their time and those who looked like they hadn't aged a day since you last saw them.
A team of researchers led by Duke University assistant professor Daniel Belsky believes that some of the secrets to the aging process may lie in understanding the phenomenon of why people grow "old" at such differing rates.
"By slowing down the aging process we could prevent not just one disease but many simultaneously," Belsky, a researcher at Duke's Center for the Study of Aging and Human Development, said.
Scientists have long known that what happens at the very beginning of life, in the womb, can have powerful effects on a person's health. But what about in the interim?
[SPECIAL REPORT: Tech titans' latest project: Defy death]
In a study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the scientists tracked 1,000 people born in 1972-73 in the coastal city of Dunedin in New Zealand and calculated their "biological age" 20 years after their 18th birthdays based on a wide range of biomarkers. The measurements included:
Kidneys, liver, lungs, metabolic and immune systems
HDL cholesterol, cardiorespiratory fitness, lung function
Length of the telomeres (protective caps at the end of chromosomes that have been found to shorten with age)
Dental health like the condition of the gums
Condition of the tiny blood vessels at the back of the eyes, (which are a proxy for the brain's blood vessels)
Cognitive function
They looked at the volunteers at age 26, 32 and 38 and found that while most of them aged at a normal pace -- one year's worth of physiological changes for each chronological year -- some of them aged surprisingly slower or faster.
In fact, researchers calculated, the "biological ages" of the 38-year-olds ranged from 30 to nearly 60 years. From the report:
The fastest-aging study participants experienced two to three years of changes with the passage of a single calendar year. They tended to have worse balance and motor coordination and were physically weaker. Belsky and their colleagues said that these volunteers reported having more trouble with basic tasks like climbing stairs or carrying groceries.
Moreover, those who were aging fast also showed evidence of cognitive decline. Their IQ scores, which according to previous studies have been shown to remain relatively constant throughout a person's life, were lower by age 38.
One particularly interesting finding of the study was that the people who were physiologically older looked older, at least according to Duke undergraduates who were asked to guess their ages from their pictures.
The study, which was funded in part by the National Institute on Aging, is significant because it looked at young adults. Most previous aging research is focused on the second half of the average person's life, in the 50s, 60s, and 70s.
[Peter Thiel's quest to find the key to eternal life]
"Our findings indicate that aging processes can be quantified in people still young enough for prevention of age-related disease, opening a new door for antiaging therapies," the researchers wrote. "The science of healthspan extension may be focused on the wrong end of the lifespan; rather than only studying old humans, geroscience should also study the young."
Belsky said that in the future a person's biological age could serve as a simple measure of a person's health that may help patients better understand the battery of numbers they get from their doctors today.
"A single number would be much easier to process," Belsky said.
They said the measurement could also help with assessing the health of a community. Right now we look at things like disease end points, new diagnoses, hospitalizations and death, but all are imperfect because they don't give us a picture of the health of a whole person.
Read more:
SPECIAL REPORT -- Tech titans' latest project: For centuries, explorers have searched the world for the fountain of youth. Today's billionaires think they can create it, using technology and data.
This is what drinking too much water during exercise does to your body
Harvard researchers tested 23 online symptom checkers. Most got failing grades. Here's how they stack up
Scientists have long studied the warming effect that cities have on local air temperatures. The heat-retaining properties of the building blocks of urban development can make cities up to 10 degrees Celsius warmer than the surrounding area, according to some studies.
What's less clear is the effect that the so-called urban heat island has on the streams running through cities. A recent study of 60 stream sites in North Carolina aims to start filling in the knowledge gap.
“We know that urban areas are changing temperatures and we know that temperature is really important in stream ecosystems,” said Kayleigh Somers, the study's lead author and a doctoral student in the Duke University Program in Ecology. “But we haven't really connected those two.”
In 2009, researchers from Duke deployed water temperature loggers in streams running through forested, agricultural and urban environments. The effort to collect data in a diverse set of stream sites brought the crews to the full range of habitats, from protected forests to the inner city. Some streams were beautiful, cold and full of fish, Somers said.
Others weren't.
“Other streams, when we were trying to get the most urban end of the gradient, were pretty gross. We had gloves because we really didn't want to be touching the water that much,” they said. “At one of them, we found a purse that someone had probably stolen and chucked into the stream.”
The Onset HOBO Temperature/Alarm Pendant Data Loggers captured water temperature measurements every 10 minutes for around 20 days in May and June.
Measuring temperature every 10 minutes was important for the researchers, who were particularly interested in the quick changes brought on by runoff from heavy rain. While air temperatures in a city can be up to 10 degrees Celsius above the surrounding area, pavement can reach up to 60 degrees warmer than the air.
“When there's a thunderstorm and there is so much water running across that pavement picking up that heat, and then going often directly into streams, there are big heat surges at stormflow,” Somers said. “Some of them are really intense. Over ten minutes, you see really big increases in temperature.”
Heat surges can be tough on stream organisms. Even at below lethal temperatures, a quick warmup can make them quit feeding or lose their equilibrium, which can make them easy targets for predators.
The researchers also looked at landcover data to characterize the watersheds surrounding the 60 stream sites, tracking the amount of development or forest in the surrounding area. They also recorded on-site stream characteristics like channel width and whether the stream was shaded by a tree canopy.
The results show that streams with developed watersheds were generally warmer than those with more forests.
“At baseflow temperature, when you look at the most urban and the most forested, you see that the most urban streams are definitely warmer,” Somers said. “The most urban streams also have really high heat surges during stormflow, while forest streams have little or no increase and often have a decrease.”
Though urban streams were generally warmer, there was some variability. Some urban streams were cooler than others, which seemed to be a result of on-site factors like canopy cover. Even a stream with a developed watershed can keep a cooler-than-expected baseflow with shade from well treed banks.
But even an abundance of shade trees couldn't prevent the warming effects of a developed watershed during stormflow. In urban streams, the storm-induced heat surges tended to overpower local cooling effects.
That finding could be valuable for stream management and restoration efforts. For example, projects like planting streamside vegetation might help cool water under normal flow conditions. But to protect against heat surges during storms, managers will have to address the urban infrastructure funnels hot runoff into streams.
“If we plant riparian buffers, that is definitely going to help in terms of baseflow, but it may not be addressing the changes that we see at stormflow,” Somers said. “And we might not see the ecosystem result that we want to see in the stream.”
The results of the study are published in the journal Freshwater Science.
Top image: An urban stream site included in the urban stream temperature study (Credit: Kayleigh Somers)
Researchers from Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta have discovered that a blood test may help determine which patients with depression will respond best to treatments with ketamine, an anesthetic which has in recent years proved effective at helping people with treatment-resistant depression.
"This could be an important step toward personalizing treatment for depression,” Dr. Ebrahim Haroon, a psychiatry and behavioral sciences professor at Emory University School of Medicine, told Al Jazeera. “Traditionally, with regards to the treatment of depression, it's just a guessing game. You give them [a patient] a medication, and it doesn't work, and you try another.”
“Identifying the right biochemical or blood markers that will tell us that this medication is good for this patient is a good thing,” Haroon said.
Ketamine, a drug sometimes used in veterinary medicine, gained notoriety as a hallucinogenic party drug in the 1990s rave scene (PDF). But scientists have been surprised to discover that the drug has helped provide immediate relief for some patients who suffer from depression and did not respond to multiple antidepressants or talk therapy.
Ketamine works to interfere with a neurotransmitter called glutamate, which plays a role in mediating the brain's synaptic impulses. Some scientists believe that by blocking glutamate receptors, ketamine helps build more connections between nerve cells in the brain, reversing some effects of depression.
Depressed people have shown increased levels of glutamate in certain parts of their brains, a situation that can work to damage the neurons over time, explained Haroon, the lead author of the study, which was published Tuesday in the journal Molecular Psychiatry.
A subset of people suffering from depression — about 20 to 30 percent, Haroon said — also have elevated levels of inflammation in their bodies, meaning their immune systems are kicked into high gear to respond to a perceived attack on the body. For example, previous research has shown increased levels of inflammation markers in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of some patients suffering from depression. It is these patients with heightened inflammation, Haroon said, who typically do not respond to the usual depression treatments such as antidepressant medications.
But not much is known about the relationship between inflammation, higher glutamate levels and depression.
The Emory scientists wanted to measure that relationship, so they examined 50 patients who were diagnosed with depression but not taking medication for it. The scientists determined patients' levels of inflammation by testing their blood for presence of a substance called C-reactive protein (CRP).
They also tested glutamate levels in the basal ganglia, a portion of the brain related to motor control and motivation.
They found that the presence of the CRP in the blood, which indicates inflammation, as well as elevated levels of glutamate in the basal ganglia were both linked to patients' reporting of anhedonia — an inability to experience pleasure, a key symptom of depression — and slow motor function, which is measured by a finger-tapping test and is also linked to depression.
This relationship, Haroon said, could indicate that inflammation in the body may work to drive up glutamate levels, which in turn causes depression, though they say more research needs to be done.
More importantly, the blood tests showing inflammation markers could be a good way to determine candidates for glutamate-related depression treatments such as ketamine.
About 7 percent of American adults, according to the World Health Organization, have suffered within the last year from a major depressive episode, which is marked by a depressed mood, difficulties concentrating and changes in eating and sleeping habits lasting for a period of two weeks or longer.
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
Samsung has warned owners of its “smart” television that its speech command technology may be capturing private information and sending it to an unidentified third party.
The electronics giant said that owners of its range of internet-connected Smart TVs should not use “personal or other sensitive information” when using the voice recognition function.
Samsung's Smart TVs have remote controls with microphones that allow those nearby to operate them with speech commands. Smart TVs can also be connected to the internet for access to on-demand streaming services such as Netflix.
Samsung's warning appears in a supplement to its Smart TV privacy policy. It says: “If you enable voice recognition, you can interact with your Smart TV using your voice. To provide you the voice-recognition feature, some…
RNC Sergeant Paul Didham tells VOCM News that the Cormorant helicopter has concluded searching the area for a person who may have gone through the sea ice earlier today.
They say responders are checking with local shelters and care homes to see if anyone is missing for but so far no one has been found to be unaccounted for.
Didham says if the search remains uneventful over the next hour they will likely conclude efforts.
Members of Rovers SAR have concluded search efforts at Kelligrews Beach. @VOCMNEWS pic.twitter.com/QFfvJqiR8F — Gerri Lynn Mackey (@GerriLynnMackey) April 4, 2017
Earlier Story
A Cormorant helicopter from the 103 Rescue Squadron in Gander joined search efforts following a report of a person gone through the sea ice off CBS.
RNC Constable Geoff Higdon says they received a call from a resident around noon who noticed someone on the ice near Pond Road in Kelligrews, and then they couldn't see them anymore.
They say the man saw someone on the ice about a thousand feet from shore and then lost sight of them.
The effort is starting to draw greater attention from local residents who are starting to gather on the shoreline near Pond Road in Kelligrews.
VOCM News is tracking the story and will have more information as it becomes available.
Helicopter on scene in Kelligrews now. @VOCMNEWS pic.twitter.com/Fx6qfB5Pcv — Gerri Lynn Mackey (@GerriLynnMackey) April 4, 2017
Antonin Scalia may have been a reliably conservative justice on the Supreme Court, but their personal preferences were a little more surprising.
Less than a day after Scalia's death, David Axelrod, in a CNN blog post, shared a little-known anecdote about the 79-year-old justice: They were pulling for the nomination of liberal Justice Elena Kagan.
As President Barack Obama's senior advisor at the time, Axelrod recalled Scalia bending their ear over who should replace the retiring Justice David Souter while the two were tablemates at the 2009 White House Correspondents' Dinner.
"I have no illusions that your man will nominate someone who shares my orientation. But I hope they send us someone smart," Scalia said, according to Axelrod. "Let me put a finer point on it. I hope they send us Elena Kagan."
Scalia and Kagan were a generation apart in age and on opposite poles ideologically. But the two had common backgrounds growing up in immigrant families in New York City, attending Harvard Law School and later teaching at the University of Chicago.
"They shared an intellectual rigor and a robust sense of humor," Axelrod said. "And if Scalia could not have a philosophical ally in the next court appointee, they had hoped, at least, for one with the heft to give them a good, honest fight."
Obama chose Sonia Sotomayor to succeed Souter, but Kagan was eventually confirmed to the high court in 2010, replacing retiring Justice John Paul Stevens.
Following news of Scalia's death, Kagan reflected on their time with "Nino" and said they would "go down in history as one of the most transformational Supreme Court Justices of our nation."
"I admired Nino for their brilliance and erudition, their dedication and energy, and their peerless writing," they said. "And I treasured Nino's friendship: I will always remember, and greatly miss, their warmth, charm, and generosity."
While seated together on the bench, Scalia and Kagan seemed to have differing views on how to interpret the Constitution: they favored originalism; they appear to hold a more forward-looking vision. But they still had a close friendship that led to the two becoming hunting buddies.
During their confirmation, Kagan sought address NRA concerns over their lack of familiarity with gun culture by pledging to seek Scalia's guidance during duck hunting.
When the two appeared together at a 2014 forum organized by the University of Mississippi School of Law, Scalia spoke to the close friendships on the politically divided court: "If you can't disagree on the law without taking it personally, find another day job."
Also on HuffPost:
* The Economist…
“We sue the city every year,” says a wealthy Chicagoan who lives in an elegant apartment building in Gold Coast, a North side neighbourhood. If their property-tax lawyer manages to knock $100,000 off the bill for the condominium's owners, as the lawyer has done in past years, they get to keep $25,000. It is great business for property-tax lawyers—and a great saving for their clients.
The office of Joseph Berrios, the elected value-assessor of Cook County, America's second-biggest county with 5.2m residents and 1.8m parcels of land, of which Chicago is part, encourages people to challenge their property-tax bills, arguing that it believes “in their importance as the taxpayers' voice”. According to the Chicago Tribune, which put Jason Grotto, an investigative reporter, on the case for a year, such appeals tripled under Mr Berrios, who took over in 2010. In 2015 appeals concerning 370,000 parcels of land were filed. About 50% were successful (the success rate in New York City is 16%). Property-tax lawyers earned an estimated $133m from tax reductions they battled for between 2009 and 2015. The Tribune also reports that since 2009 Mr Berrios, who is also chairperson of the Cook County Democratic Party, has raised about $5m through three different campaign funds, a record for an assessor in Illinois. More than half of that came from property-tax lawyers. Mr Berrios's re-election campaign says only that it has $1.6m on hand.
“The system is unfair and corrupt,” claims Fritz Kaegi, a former investment manager who quit their job earlier this year to try to unseat Mr Berrios. Mr Kaegi refuses to take donations from property-tax law firms, especially those employing the state party's top brass, and promises not to hire any relatives for county jobs if elected. Mr Berrios is an ally of Michael Madigan, the Speaker of Illinois's House of Representatives, chairperson of the state's Democratic Party—and a partner at Madigan & Getzendanner, which represents dozens of the most valuable buildings in downtown Chicago in property-tax appeals. From 2008 to June 2016 the firm lowered its clients' bills by at least $70m. Several members of the Berrios family are employed by the county, including one hired under Mr Berrios to work in their own office. […]
The American Civil Liberties Union is preparing a multimillion-dollar lawsuit on behalf of owners of homes in poor neighbourhoods. David Orr, the outspoken Cook County clerk, recently endorsed Mr Kaegi. “No action has been taken to clean up this mess,” says Mr Orr, who thinks that it suits most of their Democratic colleagues to keep things as they are. Still, at least they can count on the support of the party's machine, including Toni Preckwinkle, the president of the Cook County board. A few months ago they ordered yet another review of the system by the Civic Consulting Alliance, a non-profit organisation, which according to Mr Orr is already stalling.
On EU product labels, metric units are mandatory whereas non-metric units are optional. On US product labels, both metric and US customary (USC) units are mandatory for most products. So a company that wants to sell a product in the EU and the US must use metric and USC on the label unless it produces separate labels for the two markets.
For the UK market, there is one major problem with US labelling requirements. Both the UK and US use fluid ounces, pints and gallons but their quantities differ. US labelling requirements have led to the use of US fluid ounces, US pints and US gallons on products sold in the UK. This is in parallel with the optional use of imperial fluid ounces, imperial pints and imperial gallons on labels for comparable products. This article shows some examples.
In the images shown above, we have 3 different versions of the fluid ounce used: the UK fluid ounce of 28.4 ml, the US fluid ounce of 29.6 ml and the US nutrition fluid ounce of 30 ml. The latter is often used for aftershaves sold in the UK. For more information about the mess with fluid ounces, see the Metric Views article, The use and abuse of fluid ounces.
There are a few products sold in the UK that show US pints and US gallons on the label, as shown in the following examples:
Apart from the Country Life milk label in the bottom of the first image, all the labels in the images above show USC units. These labels show conversions from fluid ounces into pints and gallons. Given that there are 20 imperial fluid ounces in a pint and only 16 US fluid ounces , it is clear that the pints and gallons shown in the other labels are USC units.
The US gallon, which is exactly 231 cubic inches, was known in Britain as the wine gallon and was one of several in use until 1824, when the Weights and Measures Act adopted a single definition – the volume occupied by ten pounds of water. EU labelling rules continue to allow supplementary indications using any measures, although the worldwide adoption of the metric system in the last century effectively limits these to imperial and USC.
Because the US insists on USC appearing on labels, imperial volume measures are rarely shown on products sold in the US. However, both USC and imperial volume measures appear on labels in the UK, though rarely side-by-side. Hence, we have ended up with more than one definition for the fluid ounce, the pint and the gallon, which is confusing and undermines transparency and consumer protection.
The safest course of action is to ignore these obsolete supplementary indications, and to focus on the primary metric quantity, which will always be shown. Those who fail to do so have only themselves to blame if they become confused.
( 1 ) Likes ( 3 ) Dislikes
Editor's note: Roxanne Jones is a founding editor of ESPN The Magazine and a former vice president at ESPN.  They are a national lecturer on sports, entertainment and women's topics and a recipient of the 2010 Woman of the Year award from Women in Sports and Events.  They are the co-author of "Say It Loud: An Illustrated History of the Black Athlete" and CEO of the Push Marketing Group. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) -- I get it. Raven-Symone doesn't like labels. But they are wrong to run away from their blackness, seemingly hoping that no one acknowledges their beautiful brown skin and the history written all over their face.
"I'm tired of being labeled. I'm an American. I'm not an African-American. I'm an American." The former star of "The Cosby Show" and "That's so Raven" told Oprah Winfrey. "I mean, I don't know where my roots go to. I don't know how far back they go. ... I don't know what country in Africa I'm from, but I do know that my roots are in Louisiana. I'm an American, and that's a colorless person, because we're all people. I have lots of things running through my veins."
Many of us have been exactly where they are, struggling to fit in. Trying to be "colorless" when there's no way to look at someone without noticing appearance. And that includes color.
But Raven's dilemma is part of the black experience in America. Our identity is not really a matter of choice. Black people were forefathers of this nation: slaves, soldiers, scholars and dedicated women and men who helped create these United States of America. For me, rejecting your blackness is downright un-American. The two words are inseparable. Being black equals being American.
So no matter how they try to deny us, Raven is still ours, still black in the eyes of their community. And we remain proud of them Proud and patient because we understand how the heavy burden of labels can crush your spirit and get in the way of your dreams.
I've struggled all my life with the weight of labels. They pop up at the most awkward times: introductions at work meetings, compliments over dinner, amongst friends and foes. Sometimes it feels like society is at once confused, intrigued and resentful of my blackness. And I'm certain that black woman are described with more adjectives than anyone on the planet: Black woman, African-American, bossy, strong black woman, articulate black woman, working mother, black entrepreneur, black single mother, straight ally, LGBT-friendly, divorcee, feminist, liberal and now even black-ish woman. When I was younger it was a latchkey kid, project kid, kid from a broken home.
One of my favorite is La Negrita. The first time I visited Central America and heard a local call me that name, I immediately went into my Angry Black Woman mode. It took a few minutes to calm down and understand that in Latin America, La Negrita is a term of endearment, a compliment meaning something closer to beautiful black woman. Who knew? There's even a national holiday in Costa Rica called "Día de la Negrita."
"I bet your country would never have a holiday honoring black women," a friend in Costa Rica joked one day, when I asked them why everyone was celebrating. No, I had to agree. We are a long way from that day.
I'm not sure when this notion first clicked for me, that you cannot be black in this nation without also claiming your American-ness.
Maybe it was years ago after my great-aunt Rosie showed me a photo in our family album of one of my ancestors gallantly posed in their Civil War uniform.
That soldier was a black American.
Or, when my aunt talked with pride about their father who couldn't read or write in any language but was a successful French chef in the South.
That chef was a black American.
Or, perhaps things became clear when my grandfather stood tall and told me about how proud they were to fight for their country, despite segregation. Now, Grandpop wasn't a fancy, highly educated man. They never could imagine the glamorous Hollywood lifestyle of Raven-Symone.
Truth be told, they were in slightly in awe of my career in "this journalism stuff." Unfortunately, they died before seeing a black family in the White House. Now that would have really tickled him. But Grandpop always believed hard work and education could get you places in this world.
They spent their life toiling in the bowels of our nation's first Trident submarines, fitting those vessels with nuclear missiles. It was backbreaking work. They would take me to tour those subs and boast about America's global power. They retired after nearly 50 years with a broken body but a proud heart for doing their part to keep America strong.
My grandfather was a black American.
No matter what label the world may choose to describe me, one thing I never doubt is that I am a strong black American woman, whose heart beats with the African and Caribbean blood of my ancestors. Knowing this gives me strength, courage and joy every day of my life.
I cannot imagine ever separating myself from all of the courageous people who came before me to break down barriers, share their wisdom and pave the way so my journey is just a little bit smoother in this life. And in spite of their protests when Raven looks back just a bit, she'll understand:  They are also, among other things, a black American.
Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.
Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion.
Many of the most notorious art thefts in past decades bear them out and illuminate a strange disconnect between the enduring mystique of art theft and the reality of its perpetrators. The theft in Vienna in 2003 of a gold-plated saltcellar made by Benvenuto Cellini, valued at $60 million, was traced to a 50-year-old alarm-systems specialist with no criminal record. The police, who caught them after they tried to ransom the sculpture, called them a “funny guy” who had decided to take the Cellini more or less spontaneously. A divorcé who lived alone, they kept the sculpture under their bed for two years.
Just last year, two men suspected in the theft of two paintings and a drawing by Picasso from the Paris home of Diana Widmaier-Picasso, a granddaughter of the artist, were caught on the street carrying the paintings, estimated to be worth more than $60 million, rolled up in cardboard tubes.
Photo
Law enforcement officials and officials with the Art Loss Register, a private database of lost and stolen art, emphasize that there are, certainly, highly effective art thieves at work around the world, in an enterprise that the Federal Bureau of Investigation estimates at about $6 billion a year in stolen goods. The marquee example remains the 1990 robbery of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston, the biggest art theft in American history, with a value estimated as high as $300 million. Speculation has run high for years that the crime, still unsolved and the art unrecovered, might have been carried out by the organization of James “Whitey” Bulger, the Boston crime boss, who remains a fugitive.
In rare cases, it even appears that the most movie-like of scenarios — the made-to-order theft — may happen. A suspect in the December theft of two paintings in Brazil told the authorities that the works were to be delivered to a collector in Saudi Arabia. Derek Fincham, a lawyer who runs the Illicit Cultural Property blog (illicit-cultural-property.blogspot.com), calls this the “Dr. No situation,” after the 1962 James Bond movie in which Sean Connery does a double-take upon seeing a recently stolen portrait by Goya hanging on a wall in Dr. No's lair.
But most art theft experts say that the idea of such an evil connoisseurs' black market is largely a myth, and that many art thefts are committed with insurance company shakedowns in mind. (In such schemes, art is held ransom while backdoor demands are made for insurers to pay the thieves something less than the insurance value of the work; investigators point to cases in which art is recovered with little public explanation offered later about how the return was accomplished or who committed the crime.)
The mundane reality is that many art thieves are simply not the sharpest grappling hooks in the toolbag; the smart ones choose to steal things that can be much more easily converted into money — or just money itself.
Thomas McShane, a retired F.B.I. agent who led many art investigations in the 1970s and 1980s, said the motivations and methods of many of the thieves they came across could only be described as humorous. One man tried for years to fence a Rembrandt stolen in 1971 from a museum in France, dropping their street price from $5 million to $25,000, Mr. McShane recounted in their 2006 memoir “Stolen Masterpiece Tracker,” written with Dary Matera. “His only accomplishment,” Mr. McShane wrote of the criminal, a would-be Mafioso nicknamed Johnny Rio, “was expanding the ever-widening circle of people who knew they had it.” (He was caught and served a short prison sentence.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And while thieves in other lines of goods tend to know what they're stealing, many art thieves often seem not to have set foot in a museum or gallery before trying to knock one off.
Mr. McShane recalled a 1986 case in which a Queens man, Daniel Kohl, the owner of an Upper East Side antique shop called Old King Kohl's, was caught with accomplices in the act of trying to steal more than $20 million in antiquities from a Queens warehouse. In news accounts at the time, the caper sounded quite cinematic. But prosecutors later surmised that much of the art they planned to steal was probably fake.
“Let me tell you,” said Mr. McShane, “Danny had about as much knowledge of art as your local hot dog stand man. ‘The Thomas Crown Affair' it was not.”
Image caption A fragment of an iron vessel was found during the excavation
Archaeologists say they have confirmed the location of a meeting place of a medieval Norse parliament.
Called a "thing", evidence of the mound was uncovered during excavations of Dingwall's Cromartie Memorial car park.
When it was constructed in the 11th Century, the thing would have been on a human-made islet in the estuary of the Peffery.
Archaeologists and historians believe it was built on the instructions of Thorfinn the Mighty.
The powerful Viking earl, who died in 1065, is thought to have laid the foundations of what would later become the royal burgh of Dingwall in Ross-shire.
Experts suggest a road, ditch and an aqueduct, known as the Water of Dyke, that drew water from hillside springs were also constructed when Thorfinn was in control of Ross-shire and large parts of the north of Scotland.
Image caption A school visit at the dig site in Cromartie Memorial car park
Thorfinn's rise to power was aid by their victory in a battle at Torfnes on the south side of the Cromarty Firth.
At the height of their power they were lord of Caithness, Shetland and Orkney.
Estuarine mud
In Scotland, thing sites can also be found in Shetland and Orkney.
Clues to the location of Dingwall's thing included an 18th Century plan of the town.
OJT Heritage and Dingwall History Society were involved in excavating parts of Cromartie Memorial car park, which is on a piece of land known as the Hillyard.
David MacDonald was commissioned to put together a historical investigative report on the thing site.
In their report, they said: "The excavation revealed that what had been a large earth mound contained within the Hillyard of Dingwall had been located within estuarine mud.
"This confirmed George Brown's plan of 1790 showing the Hillyard as an estuarine islet."
Radio carbon dating of earth samples indicated that the mound had been constructed in the estuary of the Peffery around the mid-11th Century.
Mr MacDonald added: "That dating is consistent with the period in which, following their victory at Torfnes until their death, Earl Thorfinn the Mighty had exercised authority over Ross.
"It therefore reasonably can be concluded that the mound had been constructed on Thorfinn's instructions to be a human-made islet adjacent to the eastern shore of what historically had been a small peninsula projecting into the estuary of the Peffery."
Fragments of an iron vessel and imported medieval pottery were also found during the dig.
Jason Kenney wouldn't tell me when we exchanged emails on Wednesday whether he's going to leave federal politics to unite Alberta's conservative forces. I suspect they don't know yet. They did say he's “getting very close to a decision.” Here are the options facing the Conservative MP for Calgary Midnapore. They could stay in federal politics and remain a hard-working opposition MP. They could run to replace Stephen Harper as the federal party's leader. That was what most people, including close friends of the former immigration minister, assumed until a few weeks ago they would do.
Jason Kenney is smart, widely read and travelled, almost comically hardworking, and was a key contributor to Harper's success, when Harper was successful, writes Paul Wells. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
Or they could go home to Alberta, try to win the Progressive Conservative leadership vacated by their former federal cabinet colleague Jim Prentice, and then try to unite Alberta PCs with the Wildrose Party — over, it seems, the objections of their former federal Conservative caucus colleague, Brian Jean. And then try to defeat the province's NDP premier, Rachel Notley, at the next election. Notice I said “try,” three times. None of these steps is a slam-dunk. Beating Notley might be the easiest part. Alberta's first NDP government has struggled with the same bundle of lousy news that allowed Notley to unseat the PCs in the first place: chronic low oil prices and rising unemployment. Them NDP has been behind Wildrose in polls all year, and in one poll they fell back to third place behind the PCs. But I'd be reluctant to bet even on Notley's political demise. They have three years to turn things around, and Alberta has much more often returned incumbent governments than ejected them after a single term.
Article Continued Below
Meanwhile, Kenney would have to reunite Alberta's conservative parties. You could say they have experience, as a senior lieutenant to the guy who managed it at the federal level in 2003, Stephen Harper. The problem is that they were also a senior lieutenant to Stockwell Day, who tried to unite the parties before Harper did. And they were a senior lieutenant to Preston Manning, who tried to do it before Day did. Kenney knows these things fail more often than they succeed. If for some reason they have forgotten, they could ask Prentice, who was the white knight swooping in from Ottawa (well, from semi-retirement in Toronto, but close enough) to rally the Alberta right, way back in 2014. It ended badly. And Prentice had advantages Kenney doesn't. The Conservative government in which he'd served hadn't yet lost. The Alberta PCs were the senior partner in any merger talks; in fact they, too, were still in power. It's hard to remember now, but Prentice returned to Alberta as a kind of juggernaut, sweeping all before him. They managed to get nine Wildrose MLAs to defect to their party — including the leader, Danielle Smith. This had two main results. First, it awakened PC antibodies against the intruders, and Smith lost the nomination battle to run as a PC candidate. Second, it hardened the resolve of the Wildrose rump against the PCs. The survivors of Prentice's raid against Wildrose are not likely to look more kindly on a union today than they did only two years ago. None of this amounts to an argument that Kenney is the wrong man for the task. He's smart, widely read and travelled, almost comically hardworking, and was a key contributor to Harper's success, when Harper was successful. Like Harper, they would run near the right end of the leadership spectrum. You could argue that would make them more attractive to Wildrose members after they win the PC leadership.But it's debatable whether you can win the leadership these days from the right. Ted Morton, a political scientist turned politician, used to try.
Kenney endorsed Morton when they ran for the Alberta PC leadership in 2006 and finished third. Morton tried again in 2011, without Kenney's endorsement, finished fourth, and threw their support to the guy who wound up losing to Alison Redford. It's not exactly a trail blazed in glory. Politics is often the art of the impossible. In 2002 when Stephen Harper returned to federal politics, not a lot of columnists predicted a decade at 24 Sussex Drive for him. In 1990 it was fashionable in some circles to call Jean Chrétien “yesterday's man.” If human agency counted for nothing in this business it would be no fun to write about it. But the road to power in Alberta is suddenly trickier than it has been for decades. Surely Jason Kenney, one of the keenest students of politics I've met, has noticed this.
Read more about:
DISCLAIMER: A Steam key for this game was provided by the developers.
The Curious Expedition is a hex-based roguelike by way of Oregon Trail, and it's some of the most fun I've had this year.
I've blunted my last machete in the middle of the jungle. I'm at least several days from my goal, if the maddening wave of my compass is any indication. My party — a quiet native shaman, a grizzled yet loyal Scottish soldier, a donkey named Mr. Voss, and a stolen dog — have reached the limits of their sanity. Our bags are empty of food, but contain some cursed verses written in a fallen tongue, and the mummified remains of someone who clearly attempted to read them before us.
This is The Curious Expedition, an indie title currently wandering the depths of Steam's bloated Early Access program. Unlike the vast majority of titles available in that form, this is already as feature complete as most independent games at release. It's a compelling hybrid of planning and tactical execution, dice-based combat, and eerie story vignettes.
Everything is presented by pixel art that manages to make the most of its retro styling, instead of using it as a cheap crutch to save on art assets. Giving pixel art a distinct identity is a unique challenge, and most games banking on the aesthetic do so to cover for a lack of strong design sense. The Curious Expedition bucks this trend, oozing personality from every accursed orifice.
After picking from several historic personalities — among them Charles Darwin and H.P. Lovecraft — you will compete with rival characters to locate a series of hidden temples around the world. Your party is chosen for you in the beginning, but there are others to recruit, rescue, or even buy from a slaver if you so choose.
Every movement through the untamed wilderness of each map takes a toll on your sanity, as the oppressive occult atmosphere slowly drains away the will of your comrades. You'll have to shore up their confidence with booze or food, or maybe a nip or two from a coca leaf. Treasures obtained might be gifted to a museum to increase your renown, or sold to fund the next leg of your expedition. It's a careful balancing act, and every transaction feels desperately meaningful.
Each excursion is a short, quick individual playthrough that distills the drama into its most essential flavors. Whether you're trying to help a missionary get to their chosen village or debating whether to eat some very suspicious meat offered you by the locals, there is a constant stream of interesting choices to be made.
Right now, variety can seem a bit thin. It's a very small concern when compared to the elegance of the game's framework, and content is being added on a regular basis. Still, I'd gladly have purchased the game in its current form, had I not received a key from developers Maschinen-Mensch. It's an easy recommendation, especially considering the lackluster competition in the Early Access market. You can pick it up right now in the Steam store.
I wanted to bring a charming journalist by the name of Tim Timster with me on my latest trek. Their faithful mutt Luis would be an asset, and Mr. Timster would provide a substantial bonus to my fame by documenting our journey. Unfortunately, my party could not supply the additional explorers. I was forced to choose whom to leave behind. Reluctantly, I decided that Tim Timster would have to stay behind after all, perhaps to interview the haggard survivors upon their return.
…But I kept their dog. I felt a twinge of guilt on day 9 in that jungle when we ate him.
Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.
Gameplay Edit
Plot Edit
Development Edit
Reception and sales Edit
Workers who band together to sue their employers over wage theft or discrimination are about to have their biggest day in court in years.
On Tuesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a crucial case that could tighten the rules dictating how workers and consumers band together in the first place -- which could limit their ability to bring class-action lawsuits and other collective actions against corporations.
The case, Tyson Foods v. Bouaphakeo, involves a group of pork-processing workers in Iowa who claimed the meatpacking giant shorted them on overtime pay. The employees sued under the Fair Labor Standards Act in 2007, arguing they should have been compensated for the time it took to put on and take off the safety equipment they were required to wear while they worked. A jury eventually agreed, resulting in a $5.8 million judgment in favor of roughly 3,300 workers.
Now, Tyson wants the hefty award thrown out. The company does not dispute that the workers should have been paid for the hours in question. Rather, Tyson argues that the statistical method a court used to determine damages for the workers was legally bogus, and that the workers therefore aren't eligible to sue collectively.
At issue are the federal rules of procedure judges must follow when “certifying” a class of plaintiffs -- the first step in all class-action cases. Both plaintiffs and corporations put up their biggest legal fight at the certification stage, which can easily take years to complete. If a handful of workers can't adequately show that they represent a "class" of thousands, the certification fails and the case essentially dies. Each employee is then left to sue on their own, and most don't have the resources to do that.
For worker advocates, that could be a big setback. An individual meatpacking worker who was shorted on pay might be owed a few hundred or a thousand dollars -- probably not enough to entice a lawyer to pursue their case alone. But when workers join together in large classes, there's a greater incentive for attorneys to represent them. The Supreme Court, for its part, has been all too eager to stiffen the highly technical rules of class actions, often to the detriment of plaintiffs.
That's why the Tyson Foods case could have huge implications. A look at the lengthy list of who's supporting who in the dispute shows as much: Organized labor and low-wage worker advocates have filed briefs in support of the workers, while the Chamber of Commerce and other major business lobbies have lined up behind the company.
"Not only Tyson but employers and companies of all kinds would, I'm sure, welcome a broad ruling restricting the availability of class actions," Scott Michelman, a lawyer with Public Citizen who is representing the workers, told The Huffington Post. "A lot of the workers may be from marginalized populations in one way or another and have trouble seeking recourse without this device of a class action."
On the other side, Tyson and management-side lawyers argue that the method used to determine damages -- applying an average sample to all the workers in the class -- is a sham.
According to the company, the plaintiffs relied on experts who applied average damages across the class, even though workers had different jobs with different responsibilities, and some spent more time donning, doffing and rinsing equipment than others. (The company also says the class of workers is illegitimate because a small percentage of the employees turned out not to be owed any overtime.)
Andrew Grossman, who penned an amicus brief on behalf of the libertarian think tank Cato Institute, argues that applying average damages is unfair not only to Tyson but also to individual workers, since some are entitled to more money than others.
"They set up the class action in a way that frustrated individual determinations of damages," Grossman said. "Is it fair to plaintiffs?"
"What they're trying to be had a 'trial by formula,' using an unsound, unrepresentative sample, and thrust it down the throat of the defendants," said Richard Alfred, head of the wage-and-hour litigation group at the law firm Seyfarth Shaw.
“Trial by formula” is a phrase pulled from another major class-action case, Wal-Mart v. Dukes, in which the Supreme Court virtually tossed what Justice Antonin Scalia called “one of the most expansive class actions ever." The case was led by a trio of female workers at the retail giant who claimed they were being denied equal pay and opportunities for promotion.
Evan Vucci/Associated Press Demonstrators gather outside the Supreme Court in Washington, Tuesday, June 21, 2011, to protest the court's Wal-Mart class-action lawsuit decision.
Tyson is relying heavily on the Walmart precedent to make its case to the justices. In fact, shortly after the court decided the case in 2011, Tyson invoked it unsuccessfully to try to kill the class action altogether -- contending that the plant workers couldn't show “in one stroke” that all of them were injured equally and that an award of damages would make the class whole.
Meatpacking companies in particular have a long history with this type of class-action suit. The suits are known in legal circles as "donning and doffing" cases, since they have to do with the time spent putting on and taking off equipment. In slaughterhouses, dressing for work isn't as simple as putting on a T-shirt; many employees wear heavy protective gear that resembles chain mail. At the Tyson plant in Storm Lake, Iowa, some of the knife-wielding workers also spend extra time cleaning and storing their equipment.
Tyson itself has been sued numerous times over donning and doffing issues, according to federal court records. In a settlement with the Department of Labor in 2010, the company agreed to have certain line workers start clocking in before they put on their gear and clocking out after they took it off. At the time, Tyson said it was modifying its practices "in order to avoid the continued expense and disruption of further litigation." (The workers involved in the current case were employed at Tyson between 2004 and 2010, according to Michelman.)
In an emailed statement to HuffPost, Tyson said "we value our employees and strive to treat them fairly."
Complicating the "trial by formula" argument is that both sides agree that Tyson failed to keep an adequate record of how much each worker spent working overtime. In the absence of such records, the Supreme Court itself has said that workers can “approximate” how much they're owed in such cases by drawing a “just and reasonable inference” -- which is exactly what the Tyson workers did, and what the lower courts that ruled in their favor accepted as valid.
So how will the Supreme Court deal with these competing precedents? It could simply find ways to deploy them in Tyson's favor by tying them to the real end game: the rules of forming a class action in the first place. Because the rules require “commonality” among all the class members very early in the litigation, the court could easily agree with Tyson that the variance in the workers' duties and damages owed -- which a statistical average obscures -- were too great at the outset to warrant bringing them all together under a large class action.
If the court agrees the employees are too dissimilar, the class action is bound to fail -- at which point workers would have no other recourse but to pursue their claims as individuals or as smaller classes, in which workers might be grouped according to more discrete job categories. This would set a precedent limiting the scope of future class-action suits, which would be a boon to Tyson and other big companies -- including Walmart, the nation's largest private-sector employer, which filed an amicus brief in support of Tyson.
The National Employment Law Project, an advocacy group for low-wage workers, filed a brief in support of the Tyson employees. Catherine Ruckelshaus, the group's general counsel, told HuffPost it was "sort of disgusting" that Tyson hadn't tracked the workers' donning-and-doffing time and paid them for it. Ruckelshaus said a broad ruling against the workers could make it harder for workers of all kinds to pursue back pay in class actions.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT O RECOVER AND PEGGY BREIT IS LIVE IN GLADSTONE. >> IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A SIMPLE TRAFFIC STOP. >> I'VE BEEN SHOT. IT CALLED THEM RACING TO THE SCENE. >> THE PASSENGER GETS OUT AND STARTS RUNNING. THEY TOOK OFF AFTE HIM. THE SUSPECT PULLED OUT A WEAPON. >> AN OFFICER SHOT MULTIPLE TIMES. >> THE INJURY WILL REQUIRE RECOVERY TIME, BUT They WILL BE OK. THE MAN WHO RAN WAS BROUGHT TO A HOSPITAL WHERE They DIED. POLICE SAY THEY WILL CONTINUE TO SERVE AND PROTECT. BUT THEY SAY THEY KNOW THEY ARE FACING AN INCREASINGLY DANGEROUS ATMOSPHERE TO DO THAT IN. NOT KNOWING WHO MIGHT BE OUT. >> EVERY CAR THAT DRIVES BY, YOU NEVER KNOW. >> A MAKESHIFT MEMORIAL HAS BEEN PLACED HERE AT THE SCENE BY FRIENDS OF THE VICTIM. They Are 18-YEAR-OLD JACOB STEVENS
Advertisement Gladstone officer injured in shooting out of hospital after surgery Suspect killed in shooting identified as Jacob Stevens, 18 Share Copy Link Copy
A Gladstone police officer is expected to recover after being shot in the line of duty Sunday evening. The officer, whose name has not been released, had pulled over a car on Vivion Road, in what was supposed to be a typical traffic stop. A passenger in the car darted out of the vehicle and started running. “There were two officers there on the scene. They took off after him. After a short foot chase, they got into a little scuffle with them and that's when the suspect pulled out a weapon,” said Kansas City Police Officer Darin Snapp. Shots were fired. An officer and the fleeing suspect were both hit. “I've been shot. I'm bleeding heavily out of my hand,” the injured officer radioed in. Police said the officer had surgery on Monday morning and was released from the hospital later in the day. A second officer was treated for an unknown injury and released Sunday night. Both officers are about 33 years old and have been with the department about three years. Their names have not been released. The man who ran from the traffic stop was taken to a hospital, where they died. Police identified them as Jacob Stevens, 18, of Kansas City. The driver of the car that was pulled over has been cooperating with the investigation. Police said they plan to continue to serve and protect, but they're trying to do it in an increasingly dangerous atmosphere. They said they don't know who might be out to get them. “It's our absolute worst nightmare,” Snapp said. “We're going to have to watch everybody that walks by us, every car that drives by, because you just never know. "The department is cooperating fully with the Kansas City Police Department and is grateful for the support demonstrated by our partners in the law enforcement community," the Gladstone Police Department said in a statement. "We also owe a debt of gratitude to the emergency medical personnel who responded to the scene. We are very appreciative of the numerous expressions of concern from our community." "We extend our sympathies to the families of all involved in this tragic event. The public servants for the City of Gladstone will continue to be diligent in protecting and serving our citizens and will provide additional information at the appropriate time."
These volumes present approximately 430 letters and documents written to Beethoven (1770?1827) as well as those written by others (relatives, students, and secretaries) on their behalf. Along with over 70 of Beethoven?s own letters discovered since Emily Anderson?s three-volume Letters of Beethoven, these documents provide new insights into the composer?s personal life. They illuminate their dealings with publishers, other musicians, poets, patrons, relatives, friends, and a wide variety of acquaintances.
The documents provide important details about the composition of many works, Beethoven?s performance practices, their criticisms of other composers and performers, and their role in the Napoleonic era. Gleaned from more than one hundred publications and collected from autograph sources in libraries and archives in Europe and the United States, these materials have never before appeared between two covers. At least sixty of the letters have never previously been published. Letters to Beethoven and Other Correspondence vastly enlarges accessibility to Beethoven?s busy life and the music they made.
All documents are translated into English and annotated with identifications of persons and works.
Open source
Five Ukrainian military were killed and six - were injured in the ATO zone in Svitlodarsk arc area today. It is reported by the press center of ATO headquarters on Facebook.
It is reported that the pro-Russian militants tried to push the ATO forces out from their positions in Svitlodarsk arc area.
"Since 5:50 in the area of Svitlodarsk arc, after a long fire with the use of heavy artillery and mortars, Russian-occupation mercenaries tried to atack our units on their positions. To do this, the enemy attempted to commit considerable workaround of our strong points. However, their intentions were unmasked in time, the battle began, during which the occupants' intentions were thwarted. During the two-hour battle our units have defeated rebels. According to intelligence reports, enemy losses were amounted to 20 killed and 30 wounded, " said in a statement.
At the same time, 5 Ukrainian soldiers were killed and 6 were wounded: 4 soldiers were slightly injured and 2 - of moderate severity.
Earlier at the traditional briefing Speaker of Defense Ministry Olexandr Motuzyanik said about the absence of the dead and wounded in the ATO zone over the day.
Related: Today more than 10 "cyborgs" listed as missing, - coordinator of hostages exchange
Related: About 10 agreements to be signed at Ukraine-EU Association Council session
Amazon has seemingly removed the Kindle DX from sale. The 9.7-inch e-reader is currently only available used through third-party sellers, and there is no mention of a possible return to Amazon's virtual shelves. If the DX really has been discontinued once and for all, it wouldn't come as a huge surprise; Amazon vice-president Jay Marine recently said that the company is "pretty much done" with the product, which hasn't seen an update in years.
As pointed out by The Ebook Reader, Amazon cut the DX's price from $379 to $299 last week in what now appears to have been a final effort to shift unsold stock. In the meantime, the older international version of the DX with a white body, lower-contrast screen, and slower software is still on sale for $329. Amazon recently released the excellent Kindle Paperwhite e-reader and is soon to launch the 8.9-inch Kindle Fire HD tablet, but it doesn't look like the company sees much potential in a product between the two.
In yet another example of how Futurama's year 3000 is coming faster than we might think, scientists have created a What-If Machine (WHIM), one of the first pieces of software to use artificial intelligence to write fiction.
Although not capable of the full visual renderings its fictional counterpart achieved in Futurama's Anthology of Interest episodes, the machine can take ‘true' facts from the web and twist them to create ‘what-if' scenarios.
However, while the Futurama machine is used by members of the Planet Express crew to determine what would happen if they undertook certain personal actions or changes, the real-life version produces general ‘what-if' scenarios and, in some cases, their likely results, with humans able to rate them for their narrative potential.
The intention is to expand these into full works of fiction, eventually using these for movie and video game storylines.
“WHIM is an antidote to mainstream artificial intelligence which is obsessed with reality,” said Simon Colton, project coordinator and professor in computational creativity at Goldsmiths College, University of London. ‘
“We're among the first to apply artificial intelligence to fiction.”
At present WHIM generates short ‘what-ifs' under five fictional categories: Kafkaesque, alternative scenarios, utopian and dystopian, metaphors and Disney.
Some of the results are more bizarre than compelling, such as this gem from the alternative scenarios section:
“What if there was an old refrigerator who couldn't find a house that was solid? But instead, they found a special style of statue that was so aqueous that the old refrigerator didn't want the solid house anymore.”
And there are also those that show that mining historical data from the web doesn't always result in fictional premises with mass appeal, such as this snoozefest from the utopian and dystopian section:
“What if the world suddenly had lots more queens? Then there would be more serfs, since queens establish the monarchies that contain serfs.”
However, there are some with the potential to become genuinely good works of fiction.
“What if revered artists were to be abandoned by their muses, develop rivalries and become hated rivals?” from the metaphors section could be the basis for quite a good comedy movie, and “What if there was a little atom who lost their neutral charge?” from the Disney section sounds rather like the premise of a Pixar film.
Over time, the WHIM is expected to develop the ability to not only write premises, but judge how good they are.
This will be achieved using a machine-learning system, which will learn about what makes good fiction and what doesn't from the ratings people give different ideas.
The result should be that WHIM will gain the ability to judge if something has potential for mass consumption, flying in the face of the convention that creativity cannot be achieved with a scientific approach.
“One may argue that fiction is subjective, but there are patterns,” said Colton.
“If 99% of people think a comedian is funny, then we could say that comedian is funny, at least in the perception of most people.”
The European Union-funded project is very much in its infancy, but there are research teams around Europe working to make it a genuine creator of fiction for use in movies and video games.
At the University of Cambridge, UK, researchers are working to improve the web-mining system so the WHIM comes up with better ideas, while over at the University College in Dublin, Ireland, researchers are working to produce better irony and metaphorical insights.
Perhaps most importantly, at the Universidad Complutense Madrid, in Spain, researchers are working to expand the short premises into full narratives, which could be used for film plots and other forms of fiction.
WHIM's creators even believe it could be used by scientists explore potential scenarios by asking ‘what-if' questions, perhaps even making it a realistic AI ringer for Professor Farnsworth's solid gold creation.
youniversitytv.com
A student has been suspended from Colorado College for saying that black women are ‘not hot'.
Thaddeus Pryor has been suspended for six months, reduced from 21 months following an appeal, after their school took offense to their comments on the anonymous social media app Yik Yak. Another boy and friend of Pryor, Lou Henriques, was expelled.
Their jokes took place on a night where the Yik Yak conversation on campus was centered around the theme #BlackLivesMatter.
slcfeminist.com
Pryor told The College Fix in a phone interview, that what started off as raising awareness quickly became ‘mud slinging'. When someone wrote ‘#blackwomenmatter', Pryor anonymously replied: “They matter, they're just not hot.”
Pryor immediately regretted their remark and said: “I was ashamed, because some people were clearly upset… So I deleted it.” However when Pryor walked through the students centre the next day, they found out that their comment had not gone unnoticed.
Pryor claims:
Some people screenshotted the most racial things said [On Yik Yak that night], and they blew them up onto banners and hung them up in the student centre in front of the dean's office.
tech.com
One of the screenshots was their own misguided post. A student life disciplinary panel then brought Pryor in for questioning, where they discovered that they were being blamed for almost all of the offensive posts.
In less than 24 hours it was decided by the senior associate dean of students Rochelle Mason, dean of students Mike Edmonds, and assistant dean of students, Cesar Cervantes, that Pryor should be suspended for 21 months. This is the same amount of time it would take them to finish their degree and they were prohibited from being on campus.
Pryor was also banned from taking courses at other universities because of their stupid remark. Henriques was expelled after their comments, because of their previous disciplinary record.
Dean Of Student Mike Edmonds - digitalcc.coloradocollege.edu
Pryor wrote an appeal letter to Edmonds, where they admitted to posting the ‘not hot' comment despite Mason and Cervantes having ‘no evidence' other than hearsay that they were involved with the other offensive posts.
They claim the college has violated its own rules by failing to inform them of their alleged violations until they were sentenced, and also incorrectly recorded in ‘sanction papers' that Mason and Cervantes had informed them of alleged violations of the student code of conduct.
Pryor wrote:
During my hearing, rather than presenting me with my possible violations then investigating my actions and how they may have constituted those violations, I was simply treated as broadly guilty
It was also never explained how the 21-month suspension was decided on. He's accused Mason and Cervantes of ‘bias' and believes that whoever reported them to the school ‘misled' the officials as to the extent of their role.
Pryor claims that the Yik Yak conversation began with comments targeting white students, calling them ‘dirty hippies with small dicks' who are ‘always fucking their cousins', before moving on to mocking Muslims.
Edmonds claims that because Pryor ‘accepted responsibility for the comment', they would not end the suspension but they would reduce it so the punishment would serve the educational purpose Pryor had asked for.
According to Forbes and verified by checking Justice.gov one of the largest bitcoin (BTC) wallets which is held by the Feds will be sold. Nearly 30.000 bitcoins were seized last October when the online drug exchange Silk Road was taken down. Speculation about what would happen to these coins has been a topic of debate since then.
A spokesperson for the US Attorney's office told Forbes that the bitcoins will be auctioned off but did not give a date. It looks like the U.S Marshals will be auctioning off the bitcoins according to this document. If that is the case the auction will be announced and sold though the U.S Marshals website.
Before news about the Silk Road bitcoin sale hit the street bitcoins were trading around $840 dollars. Overnight there appeared to be a small panic sell as the price dropped to a low of $780 on fear that the Silk Road bitcoins would be sold on an open exchange. As news spreads that the coins will be sold by auction it will be interesting to see if the price recovers and how quickly this happens.
Follow PFhub on Twitter or bookmark this page for bitcoin news.
In the wake of numerous deaths and hospitalizations at EDM festivals lately, patrons at New York's Electric Zoo festival — where two people died last year — will be forced to watch a PSA about the dangers of drugs to gain entry. As Pollstar explains, it's called “The Molly” and was written and produced by Dexter co-creator James Manos Jr. and their 19-year-old daughter Ellie Manos. It's part of a campaign called Come To Life. Electric Zoo founders Laura De Palma and Mike Bindra issued this statement to explain:
Our message to concertgoers is simple: The Electric Zoo experience is exceptional and worth being present for. Molly can cause you to not only miss the moment, alienate your friends and have an overall adverse and unpleasant experience … but can also make you sick and can even be fatal. Fans will experience how great it is to “Come To Life” at one of our concerts from lights, sounds and crowds.
Watch “The Molly” below.
There was no official announcement yet, but New York Islanders/Bridgeport Sound Tigers goalie Christopher Gibson has agreed to a new contract, according to Cap Friendly's latest contract listings updated Thursday night.
Their signing was expected — they were a restricted free agent who was qualified and thus their rights were protected — but the details shed a little more light on the battle for third-string goalie in the organization.
Behind incumbent NHL regulars Thomas Greiss and Jaroslav Halak (who spent time in the AHL last season, but that's neither here nor Berube), you have AHL veteran Gibson, Eamon McAdam on the second year of their ELC for their age 23 seasons, and recent trade acquisition Kristers Gudlevskis.
(McAdam's draft classmate and fellow Sound Tiger Stephon Williams was not qualified and becomes an unrestricted free agent.)
Looking at the contracts at Cap Friendly, you can see the weight of Gudlevskis' 158 AHL games plus NHL experience: Though both Gibson and Gudlevskis have $650,000 NHL cap hit and salary rates, Gudlevskis has a $200,000 AHL salary, while Gibson re-signs at a $70,000 AHL rate. (That said, a minimum $80,000 is guaranteed.)
(McAdam has the highest NHL cap hit, $950,000, but that's really a product of them being on an ELC. Their AHL salary is $70,000, plus a signing bonus of $92,500 per year on the three-year ELC.)
Gibson has 106 AHL games of their own under their belt, plus four NHL appearances two seasons ago on emergency recall with the Isles. They were the primary piece, and now the last remaining one, of the five-for-one Michael Grabner salary dump.
So, in a nutshell: You have Gudlevskis, with the strongest resume of the three, Gibson with a similarly strong resume but coming off an injury that limited them to seven games in 2016-17 (and allegedly led the Isles to keep three goalies in the NHL), and the greener McAdam in their second full pro season.
The Isles' new ECHL affiliation with the expansion Worcester Railers should make managing the playing time a little easier. Their established Greiss-Halak duo at the NHL level hopefully keeps this an emergency-only situation.
Story highlights Sen. Marco Rubio, a frequent Trump critic, rebuked the President's detractors
The President warned North Korea not to threaten the US again
Washington (CNN) Sen. Marco Rubio, a member of the Senate foreign affairs committee, defended President Donald Trump's stark warning to North Korea in a series of tweets Thursday morning.
"Attacks on @potus for statement on #NorthKoreaNukes are ridiculous. They act as if #NorthKorea would act different if they used nicer words," Rubio tweeted
Attacks on @potus for statement on #NorthKoreaNukes are ridiculous.They act as if #NorthKorea would act different if they used nicer words 2/4 — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 10, 2017
The statement is a direct response to bipartisan criticism of the ultimatum Trump issued to North Korea on Tuesday. Speaking at a photo op at their Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump warned North Korea not to threaten the United States again or it would "face fire and fury like the world has never seen."
Rubio's defense of the President's comments is at odds with the opinions of some of their colleagues in the Senate -- including Republicans -- who criticized Trump for the harsh rhetoric
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said in an interview with Phoenix radio station KTAR that they take "exception to the President's comments because you've got to be sure that you can do what you say you're going to do." They added that, "The great leaders I've seen don't threaten unless they're ready to act, and I'm not sure President Trump is ready to act."
Read More
A story extolling the virtues of Hamilton published in a Toronto newspaper is generating a lot of reaction. Lisa Hepfner has the story.
Here it is by longtime Architecture and Urban Issues Columnist Christopher Hume. Title: ‘Hamilton rises from the ashes of its grimy past.” And in the first line Hume writes that the map remains the same, but Toronto and Hamilton have changed places.
When Christopher Hume's latest urban issues column came out in the Toronto Star, saying Toronto and Hamilton have switched places. They got a lot of hate mail: “You can polish a turd, but it's still a turd.” Q: What do you make of that? “There are a lot of stupid people in Toronto and Hamilton, who are out of touch with reality. Some of the stuff people say about Hamilton is truly vitriolic. It shocks me. But it reminds me Hamilton has a long way to go before people start to see it as other than being this horrible place west of Toronto.”
They say Hamilton's advantage is that it's an intact city, as opposed to a suburb: A city that is underused and underpopulated. But with enormous potential.
Hume: “Toronto has become a city full of self hatred. That's what Rob Ford is all about. He's all about anger and change. I see in Hamilton a new spirit which embraces change.”
Hume says they are encouraged by what he's heard from Hamilton's Mayor. Goals to make the city more bike, pedestrian and transit friendly.
Mayor Bratina: “He's been covering this file for years. That's what they do. So if people like Chris Hume are interested, it tells me something's happening here, we're not just whistling past the graveyard.”
Bratina says the generation moving into adulthood now can't afford a new car, and is even putting off the driver's license rite of passage: “And the more transit, cycling, pedestrian opportunities there are, the more they'll put that off. And it will change the nature of the city.”
And young people now want to live in the core. Since Bratina moved to the Corktown neighbourhood in 2005, house prices have tripled.
Hume: “I see Toronto as a city that has peaked and is afraid of itself. I see Hamilton as a city that embraces the future, and is optimistic about itself.”
Although, not everyone sees their point. Hume reads a tweet they received: “Hamilton is still a hellhole, infested with terrible people. Everyone I've met from there has been a lowlife.”
Here James North has had its share of Toronto stories. Mayor Bratina told me that when the U.S. Consul General was in town a few weeks ago and the first thing they said was, boy you have a lively arts scene. Hamilton isn't there yet, moving in the right direction. Chris Hume says Toronto moving in the wrong direction.
Happy Earth Day! I mulled over several ideas for today, but this idea came to me as I spent most of last week stuck at home due to Chicago flooding. I finally disassembled the ribbon wall photo booth backdrop from my wedding and found myself with a bunch of 70 inch pieces of ribbon, mostly grosgrain ribbon that's all the same width. Rolling up all of the ribbon for storage, I couldn't get over how pretty it all was (I even Instagrammed it). Particularly, the ribbon made me think of vintage jute trivets, but this finished project is definitely more elegant than kitschy.
vintage jute trivets via etsy
Supplies
lots (as in dozens of yards) of grosgrain ribbon, cut into 70-inch lengths
rubber bands
hot glue gun
straight pins
scissors
Directions
Bundle your pieces of ribbon into little rolls. To make the big circles you see above, hold three pieces of ribbon together and wind them up together like you're putting away a tape measure. Secure with a single rubber band around the outside.
To make the smaller circles, do the same winding, but with two pieces of ribbon rather than one.
The hardest bundles to make of those I used for my trivet are the oblong ones. I held together three pieces of 70-inch ribbon and cut them in half, to 35 inches in length. Hold together one set of three, 35-inch ribbons. Fold down one end about 1 inch and pin to secure. Then, wind the rest of the ribbon all the way around and secure with two rubber bands in a plus sign, as shown.
When all of your ribbon bundles are wound and rubber banded, arrange them however you like. I spent a fair bit of time playing with how the arrangement looked before I was satisfied. The oblong bundles actually came about when I realized a couple of those would help my trivet come together.
Heat up your glue gun. To secure all circular bundles, I pretty much covered their bottoms with hot glue before trimming and gluing down the ends of each ribbon in the bundle.
The oblong pieces were again the most challenging to glue. I hot glued around the rubber band covering the bottom of each piece, let the glue dry, removed the rubber band, and filled in the gap in the glue on the bottom. Then I glued down the ribbon ends, flipped the oblong piece right-side up, and glued the center shut. Like this:
When the bundles are all set, start gluing your trivet together, tackling it in logical chunks. I recommend starting by gluing the middle together and then gluing obvious chunks together. This helps ensure all bundles stay properly lined up as you go.
Finally, glue all of your chunks together, let dry completely, and you're good to go.
[6 / 2]
>unironically be "anarcho communist"
>brutally slaughter everyone who is ideologically opposed to you, including your own parents, siblings, friends and teachers in order to ensure that "communism happens naturally"
>once you succeed in weeding out the undesirables, you abolish the state and live in your stateless communities
>somewhere on the giant ball that is planet earth, a number of communities decide they are unhappy, decide to organize, train, embrace hierarchy because it makes them stronger and more efficient. create an army
>get overrun by these armies because you abolished the state like a moron and now you have no protections. your get murdered, your wife raped, your children likely sold into slavery if not outright murdered.
>your new rulers don't recognize any kind of constitution or legal protections for its citizens
>only now do you realize you murdered your parents and everyone decent in the world, destroyed your own constitutionally enshrined legal protections, and ushered in a new age of total human slavery and tyranny because you were too stupid to see how you got played by evil people who are much more intelligent than you.
For the second time in a month, Russian jets bombed US-trained rebels in Syria, this time conducting two separate strikes on Tuesday, multiple US military officials in Baghdad told Fox News.
The rebels had been trained by the Central Intelligence Agency, according to officials.
The first Russian strike Tuesday involved a flight of Russian Backfire bombers from Russia, likely from Mozdok airbase in Ossetia, Russia, the sources said.
Tu-22M backfire bombers first appeared over Syria in November, less than two months after the start of their air campaign to support embattled President Bashar al-Assad. The strike killed an unknown number of rebels.
The second strike killed rebels and Syrian refugees near Syrian's border with Jordan. Again, there was no confirmation on casualties.
Last month, the Russian Air Force bombed Pentagon and CIA backed rebels near al-Tanf, located near the Iraqi and Jordanian border in southern Syria. After the first strike, the US military called the Russians on a special emergency hotline between the two nations. The Russians ignored the request from the US military to stop bombing and launched a second strike.
Fox News asked Gen Joe Votel about the Russian attack this week, "I am obviously concerned about that. It's hard for me to understand what they are hoping to achieve with those strikes.”
"It's not about Harriet Tubman, it's about keeping the picture on the $20," Steve King said, pulling out a $20 bill and pointing at President Andrew Jackson. | AP Photo House GOP dodges vote to block Harriet Tubman from $20 bill
The House will not vote to block the inclusion of Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill, dodging a politically charged vote for GOP lawmakers.
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) had filed an amendment to a bill funding the Treasury Department to prohibit the department from redesigning any currency to showcase the abolitionist icon, but the Rules Committee denied floor consideration of the proposal Tuesday night.
Story Continued Below
"It's not about Harriet Tubman, it's about keeping the picture on the $20," King said Tuesday evening, pulling a $20 bill from their pocket and pointing at President Andrew Jackson. "Y'know? Why would you want to change that? I am a conservative, I like to keep what we have."
The conservative gadfly said it is "racist" and "sexist" to say a woman or person of color should be added to currency. "Here's what's really happening: This is liberal activism on the part of the president that's trying to identify people by categories, and he's divided us on the lines of groups. ... This is a divisive proposal on the part of the president, and mine's unifying. It says just don't change anything."
The Treasury Department announced in April that it would move the image of Jackson to the back of the $20 note, replacing them with Tubman, a former slave who helped other slaves escape to freedom and served with the Union Army during the Civil War. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew also announced plans to redesign $5 and $10 bills to include leaders from the women's rights and civil rights movements. Neither Abraham Lincoln nor Alexander Hamilton would be removed from their spots on the front of the $5 and $10 notes.
King is not alone among Republicans opposed to placing the abolitionist and civil rights icon on the $20 bill. Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said in April that the move was "pure political correctness" and recommended that an image of Tubman be placed on the $2 bill.
Amendments to appropriations bills have proven troublesome to Republicans in recent weeks. After a Democratic amendment to prohibit discrimination by federal contractors against LGBT people was added to a bill funding energy and water programs, Republicans dropped their support for the measure, and it was defeated. That kerfuffle led Speaker Paul Ryan to go back on their commitment to allow for an open amendment process and instead limit which amendments could be considered.
The Rules Committee blocked consideration of the LGBT amendment, as it has in recent weeks. The willingness of the GOP-controlled panel to stymie a fellow Republican, particularly amid conservative frustration with a limited amendment process, demonstrates the desire to avoid controversial votes in an election year.
King, for their part, saw the amendment as crucial.
"President Obama's on their way out the door," they said. "He's going to do everything they can think of to upset this society and this civilization."
NICOLA STURGEON is liked by more Labour supporters than the party's new Scottish leader Kezia Dugdale, according to a new poll.
The latest TNS poll also shows Ms Sturgeon's party has maintained a large lead over Labour in voting intentions ahead of the Holyrood election in May.
The survey of 1,034 people was conducted between October 16 and November 4, with Scottish Labour's annual conference taking place in Perth towards the end of this period.
Voters were asked to rate party leaders, with the First Minister emerging as the most popular.
A total of 44% of those surveyed said they like Ms Sturgeon, while a quarter said they dislike them
The SNP leader is predictably held in high regard by SNP supporters, with 82% saying they like her, and is the most popular party leader among undecided voters, liked by 28%.
 They are also liked by more Labour supporters than Ms Dugdale, with 32% of those intending to give their constituency vote to Labour in May stating they like Ms Sturgeon, compared with just 25% who said they like Ms Dugdale.Click here to read more Politics newsMs Dugdale was liked by just 7% of those surveyed, with 23% disliking her, while nearly half of the respondents – 46% – said they did not know who they are, including 39% of those intending to vote for them party.
When asked about their voting intentions in the Scottish election, 58% of those who expressed a preference said they would give their constituency vote to the SNP – up two points on the previous month.
Labour gained three points to stand at 24%, with the Conservatives unchanged on 12% and the Liberal Democrats down two points to 4%.
In the regional vote, 52% backed the SNP, unchanged from last month, with Labour up two points to 25%, the Tories unchanged on 11%, the Lib Dems down one point to 5% and the Greens unchanged on 5%.
A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: “We are in no doubt that regaining the trust and confidence of the Scottish people will take time but we are confident that with fresh leadership and a focus on cutting the gap between the richest and the rest, we can be the party that people in Scotland put their faith in again.
“Scotland needs a radical alternative to an SNP Government who are beginning to make the same mistakes Labour used to make. That's why next May the SNP won't get it all their own way.”
SNP Business Convener Derek Mackay MSP said: “This is another very welcome poll showing people in Scotland are continuing to back the SNP's positive, progressive vision for Scotland's future – and putting their trust in the party to build on our record of delivery and success in government.”Politics Podcast: We discuss The Scotland Bill and argue whether Britain is better than Spain – click here to listen
At least 26 elephants were killed by a group of poachers impersonating members of the Central African Republic's transitional government force. The poachers entered part of Dzanga-Ndoki National Park known as the "village of elephants" and opened fire with high-caliber rifles, according to a report from the World Wildlife Fund.
The scene was described as a "elephant mortuary" by one source quoted by the WWF.
The confirmation of slaughtered elephants comes after initial reports that a group of 17 individuals, some armed with Kalashnikov rifles, entered part of the World Heritage Site called Dzanga Bai, where as many as 200 elephants are known to gather daily to drink mineral salts present in the sands there.
WWF reports their sources counted at least 26 elephant carcasses in and around the Bai, including four calves. Local villagers reportedly had started taking meat from the carcasses.
"The events in Dzanga Bai are a vivid reminder of the existential threat faced by forest elephants in Central Africa. Populations of this species have plummeted 62 percent over the past 10 years," said Jim Leape, WWF International Director General.
"The brutal violence we are witnessing in Dzanga Bai threatens to destroy one of the world's great natural treasures, and to jeopardize the future of the people who live there."
Dr. Anna Feistner from WWF who has been based in the area for the past three years told BBC they believed the poachers were Sudanese who have been trying to operate in the area for some time and were now taking advantage of the lawless state in the Central African Republic, where disorder and violence are widespread.
According to the WWF, the poachers entered the densely-forested national park, which lies on a triangle of land in the Central African Republic between Cameroon and Congo, and asked local researchers for food and directions to the viewing tower at the Bai, which is used by scientist and tourists to observe elephants.
The WWF report said that after the local researchers gave false directions, they ran away to safety, but heard gunshots coming from the Bai
Elephants are poached for their ivory across Africa and the amount of ivory seized this year is said to be at the highest level in 16 years, the BBC reported when word of the incident first broke earlier this week.
Last year an elephant poaching operation in Cameroon's Bouba N'Djida national park that left at least 300 elephants dead.
Leape called upon the Central African Republic's neighbors to come to aid, as well as for the people of China and Thailand, who generate much of the demand for ivory, to change their ways.
"WWF also asks Cameroon and the Republic of Congo to assist the Central African Republic in preserving this World Heritage Site, which not only encompasses the Bai, but also includes large neighboring areas of these two countries.
"The unfolding tragedy in Dzanga Bai must also spur the governments of China and Thailand to act on their commitments to shut down the ivory markets in their countries that are fueling this illicit trade."
Facebook Former Seventh-day Adventist pastor Ryan Bell now says they don't believe in God, but "certainty is a little overrated".
The former Seventh-day Adventist pastor who gave up religion for a year has now announced that "the existence of God seems like an extra layer of complexity that isn't necessary".
In an interview with RNS, Ryan Bell said they are speaking from a "provisional" conclusion, but that "the intellectual and emotional energy it takes to figure out how God fits into everything is far greater than dealing with reality as it presents itself to us".
"That probably sounds very non-rational, and I want people to know that I have read several dozen books and understand a good many of the arguments," Bell added.
"I'd just say that the existence of God seems like an extra layer of complexity that isn't necessary. The world makes more sense to me as it is, without postulating a divine being who is somehow in charge of things."
Bell formerly pastored several churches in Philadelphia before moving to Hollywood to lead a Seventh-day Adventist church. However, they were asked to resign in March 2013 after raising theological issues and began to struggle with their faith.
In December 2013 Bell wrote a blog post that went viral in which they announced that they would be undertaking a "year without God".
"I'm making it official and embarking on a new journey. I will 'try on' atheism for a year. For the next 12 months I will live as if there is no God," Bell wrote.
"I will not pray, read the Bible for inspiration, refer to God as the cause of things or hope that God might intervene and change my own or someone else's circumstances. (I trust that if there really is a God that God will not be too flummoxed by my foolish experiment and allow others to suffer as a result)."
Bell pledged to read atheist texts to visit gatherings of non-believers. "In short, I will do whatever I can to enter the world of atheism and live, for a year, as an atheist. It's important to make the distinction that I am not an atheist. At least not yet. I am not sure what I am. That's part of what this year is about," they said.
They blogged their journey, which began with them losing their teaching jobs at two religious institutions because of their decision. They said that they would announce their stance on religion in the new year, however in an interview with NPR in December they said that they no longer identifies with Christianity, though atheism feels like "an awkward fit".
"I've looked at the majority of the arguments that I've been able to find for the existence of God and...I have to say I don't find there to be a convincing case in my view," Bell revealed.
Newsletter Sign Up
"I don't think that God exists. I think that makes the most sense of the evidence that I have and my experience."
They told RNS' Chris Stedman, a self-described "fellow Christian-turned-nontheist," that they enjoyed the year-long experiment, and would recommend it to others. "Any time you can step outside your comfort zone, you will learn important things about yourself and the world. I've learned that atheists are not the miserable nihilists that many Christians think they are," Bell said.
"I've also had a few remarkable moments of irony. Once I was in a gathering of atheists and the speaker referred to 'seeing the light' and 'finding freedom at last.' It struck me then that most people really are searching for the same thing."
Bell also said that there needs to be more space for those who aren't sure what they believe to be open about their views. "There are thousands and thousands of people who are betwixt and between, and there is next to nothing for them in the world of religion. I'd like to be a part of that conversation. How people learn to live into the best aspects of their worldviews, while leaving behind the unbelievable parts, is sometimes slow, hard work. Frontal assault on religion is not always the best approach," they said.
Bell also insisted that the way in which people live, not their belief systems, is what is most important.
"I think what is far more important to know about me is the way I choose to live my life. Once people have come to terms with the weaknesses or falsehoods in their belief system, the work has just begun," they said.
"How we reshape or build the narratives by which to live our lives is the most interesting part of our work as human beings."
Though the next Marvel film, Captain America: Civil War, won't premiere until May, more Marvel heroes are coming to your streaming queue—and soon. Netflix announced at the Television Critics Association summer meeting on Tuesday that it will be rolling out a new Marvel superhero series every six months.
Marvel and Netflix teamed up to bring five separate shows to the streaming service, focusing on a group of comic book heroes called The Defenders, a street-level Avengers team. The first in the series, Daredevil, premiered in April. Jessica Jones will be the next superhero to get a Netflix treatment before the end of 2015, followed by Iron Fist and Luke Cage, according to the Associated Press. After each has starred in their own series, all four will join forces for a Defenders show.
The announcement comes as anticipation for Jessica Jones, the first female superhero to headline their own Marvel project, grows. “I've been coming to Comic-Con for 12 years, and I think a lot of fans here have been eager to see more women onscreen for a long time,” Dawn Keiser, a 30-year-old Californian told TIME at San Diego Comic-Con in early July. “I was really happy to see the characters Karen and Claire become these heroes on Daredevil, but I really can't wait for Jessica Jones to be the hero of their own show.”
Krysten Ritter, star of Don't Trust the B in Apartment 23, will portray the first major female character with superpowers in a Marvel Studios project. Though Captain America character Peggy Carter stars in a 1940s-set Agent Carter on ABC, they have no powers—nor does Black Widow, the only female Avenger in the films. The first Marvel female superhero movie, Captain Marvel, won't hit screens until 2018.
If the tone of Daredevil is any indication, Jessica Jones and the other Marvel Netflix shows will be much darker and bloodier than the one audiences know from films like Iron Man and The Avengers.
[AP]
11 Roles You Probably Didn't Realize Marvel Stars Also Played Marvel/Disney; MGM Marvel/Disney; Columbia Marvel/Disney; Universal Marvel/Disney; Lionsgate Marvel/Disney/Netflix; Paramount Marvel/Disney/Netflix; Columbia Marvel/Disney/Netflix; Buena Vista Marvel/Disney; Buena Vista Marvel/Disney; BBC Marvel/Disney; Roadside Attractions Marvel/Disney; New Line Cinema 1 of 11 Advertisement
Write to Eliana Dockterman at eliana.dockterman@time.com.
Vardy was on Chelsea's radar in January and they have been offered to other clubs, including West Ham Andrew Boyers/Reuters
Jamie Vardy hopes to hold talks about an improved contract at Leicester City this summer, months after they were given a new deal worth £70,000 a week.
The England striker has scored 24 goals this season, one fewer than Harry Kane, and could claim the golden boot as Barclays Premier League top scorer. In February, Vardy was handed a new contract to run until 2019 but is paid much less than some of their rivals.
Vardy was on the radar of Chelsea in January and they have been offered by an intermediary to a number of clubs recently including West Ham United, who are looking for a striker and could find it difficult to match the wage demands of Christian Benteke, of Liverpool, who is…
At GDC I had the chance to sit down with David Cummings, AMD's general manager of professional graphics, based out of the company's Markham, Ont., development facility.
Since the hardware giant is providing the horsepower behind the Wii U, PlayStation 4 and probably the currently unannounced next-generation Xbox, I was curious where all these GPUs and CPUs are being manufactured.
AMD has a manufacturing and research facility in Markham, but according to Cummings, the development and manufacturing of these next-generation chipsets is collaborative effort between multiple AMD development locations.
“Obviously these are very complex products, so we get various contributions from different sites. But, in Markham, for graphics, our software driver team is there and our board design and qualification team is there,” said Cummings.
So, technically, AMD's Canadian development wing could have played a significant role in the development of the power behind the Wii U, PlayStation 4 and Xbox 720.
“Markham is the graphics centre, where it all comes together really,” explained Cummings.
While it hasn't been confirmed that AMD will be developing the hardware behind the Xbox 720, it's expected that they probably will.
It's great to see a Canadian development facility play a significant role in the video game industry.
Also, AMD's chief graphics architect John Gustafson is a huge fan of Sony's recently announced PlayStation 4 but they opted to stay silent about Microsoft's next-generation console (probably because of an extremely strict non disclosure agreement).
Follow me on Twitter: @Patrick_ORourke.
Related articles
Europe's decision to extend copyright on music recordings from 50 to 70 years has just produced a curiosity: a four-disk compilation of Bob Dylan tunes that publisher Sony Music has come right out and called “The Copyright Extension Collection”.
The new laws were introduced in September 2011 and became known as “Cliff's Law”, as they meant Sir Cliff Richard could continue to cash in on songs they recorded in the early 1960s. US and Australian recording artists already enjoyed such a right, as copyright periods in those nations were already 70 years.
As we reported in September 2011, the 20-year extension is only available to works published before the expiration of the 50-year copyright term.
Sony's name for the new release is therefore an accurate description of the reason for its existence: had the company not emitted the collection it would have lost the rights to cash in on it for another 20 years.
That plan's clearly working: Sony is said to have released just 100 of the collections to select record stores on the continent, but they're already fetching colossal prices on eBay. The collection is also sold online at Bobdylan.com, with some rather fierce geotargeting preventing everyone getting their hands on it.
Sony's in the basement, mixing up some medicine ...
At the time the new copyright laws arrived, The Reg speculated they could damage the market for re-releases of old recordings. While Sony has been unashamedly cynical with this release, the collection shows signs of careful curation and includes some unreleased studio takes and other material likely to excite Dylan fans. ®
This is the very definition of civilizational suicide. These ISIS fighters are part of a group that has vowed to destroy Europe. They should never have been allowed back, and if they had to be, then they should have been immediately jailed. Instead, they're protected. Madness.
“Returning Islamic State Fighters Given ‘Protected Identities' To Start New Lives in Europe,” by Chris Tomlinson, Breitbart, June 27, 2017:
Hundreds of Swedish residents who went to fight for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria have now returned to Europe and the Swedish government has given several of them “protected identities” to keep locals from finding out who they are.
The vast majority of the returning jihadist fighters keep a very low profile once they get back to Sweden as many have committed terrorist offences while in the Middle East. 27-year-old Walad Ali Yousef is one returnee that the government has given a special status protecting their identity, normally given to people under serious threat Expressen reports.
Mr Yousef, originally from the heavily migrant-populated city of Malmo, spoke to the newspaper complaining they had difficulty finding a job. “I am looking for many jobs but can not get one because my pictures are out there,” they said.
Yousef joined the Islamic State in 2014, travelling to the ISIS capital of Raqqa in Syria. Formerly a small time criminal, Yousef sent pictures of themselves in Syria posing with Kalashnikov rifles to encourage their friends in Sweden to join the terror group.39-year-old
39-year-old Bherlin Dequilla Gildo, also from Malmo, is now back in Sweden living under an entirely new identity. In 2012 they posted images of themselves posing with dead bodies, who they claimed were “Assad's dogs” and participated directly in killings of Syrian regime soldiers.
It is assumed that the remaining 100 or so Swedes still in the Middle East fighting for the Islamic state are the most radical. Some fear that as Kurdish troops push further into Raqqa, the Swedes will attempt to return home.
Terror expert Magnus Ranstorp said, “the really dangerous ones have not come back yet,” and added, “The vast majority may not do anything, but they are still a danger to the authorities and it must be managed. It is important for the police to be able to prioritise this area so that they do not become dangerous for society.”
While several of those returning are free, many others like Sultan Al-Amin, 31, and Hassan Al-Mandlawi, 33, have been sentenced to life in prison for their crimes committed in the city of Aleppo.
Swedish authorities have been heavily criticised for welcoming Islamic State fighters returning from the Middle East and claiming to be able to integrate them back into Swedish society….
Jose Peraza (Photo: Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports)
GOODYEAR, Ariz. -- Jose Peraza, the key in the Reds' trade of Todd Frazier to the White Sox, was among the position players who have arrived at the team's spring training complex ahead of Tuesday's report date.
Peraza, 21, made the big leagues with the Dodgers last year, which let them know they belonged at the level and can play there.
“I learned a lot and I'm comfortable,” Peraza said through translator Charlie Rodriguez on Friday. “I know I can play here.”
Now the question becomes where do they play. The Reds have said they'll look at them at shortstop, second base and center field — positions that are currently filled by more experienced players.
Peraza was signed as a shortstop by the Braves but moved to second base because they were blocked at short by Andrelton Simmons. The Braves traded Peraza to the Dodgers in July (and then traded Simmons this offseason), where they made their big-league debut. Peraza played in seven games, going 4-for-22 with three steals.
Even after ascending to the big leagues with the Dodgers, Peraza was traded again, this time to the Reds.
“The first trade was kind of tough on me, but the second one, I just know it's how it is in the business,” they said, according to Rodriguez.
The Reds attempted to trade Brandon Phillips to open up a spot at second base, but Phillips used the no-trade protection he's earned as a veteran player to block deals to both the Nationals and Diamondbacks. With Phillips, Zack Cozart and Billy Hamilton entrenched in the everyday lineup, Peraza can either be a utility player or start the season in the minor leagues.
“I'll play all three if they want,” Peraza said of the uncertainty around their position, though they noted he'd prefer to stay in the infield.
Story highlights Robert Freeman was favored snapper of Beatles between 1963 and 1965
They photographed and designed five consecutive Beatles' album sleeves
Exhibition of their collection on display in London for first time in 20 years
Prints include only example left of one ultra large "Rubber Soul" print
The first solo exhibition in about 20 years of early photos of the Beatles taken by a British photographer who designed five of their UK album covers is on display in London.
Robert Freeman photographed and designed the Fab Four's second to sixth album covers and was the group's favored snapper for three years between 1963 and 1966 in their early and middle stages of fame. Freeman also traveled with the band on their momentous first tour of the USA in 1964 when Beatlemania first spread across the Atlantic.
Freeman, who is now in their 70s and lives near Seville in Spain, sold their entire Beatles collection to rock 'n' roll photo curator and agent Raj Prem many years ago.
The 58-year-old Londoner has put up a solo exhibition of Freeman's work at Snap Galleries in Piccadilly Arcade, London.
"Someone gave me Freeman's number in Spain and I contacted them and flew over to see him," Prem says.
"I was so impressed by their collection of Beatles photos that I kind of did a deal and gave them some money and bought the entire collection. The increasing scarcity of the prints is making them go up in value all the time," they add. "I did not know when I bought them that they would go up because I was at the beginning of my career -- I had no idea at all," says Prem.
Freeman made no more than 25 editions of each print and many editions are now almost sold out.  They are not making any more prints, so for some of the photos on sale, there is just one example left -- signed and numbered by him.
"He was very close to Lennon," Prem says, explaining that Freeman even lived in a flat below Lennon in London for one year. Freeman also photographed and designed the covers of John Lennon's first two books, "In Their Own Write" and "A Spaniard in the Works" too.
According to Prem, Freeman described Lennon as "highly creative, very witty and a very surreal person -- the most interesting of all the Beatles."
"But they did say to me once that they found Ringo Starr the most interesting to photograph as he's got a large nose and a face with a kind of pathos. They always said Lennon was the best looking," they add.
After graduating from Cambridge University in 1959, Freeman became a photographer working for the Sunday Times and various magazines.
It was moody black and white pictures they took of John Coltrane at the London Jazz Festival in 1963 that impressed Beatles manager Brian Epstein that led to their first commission -- to shoot the cover of the Beatles' second album, "With the Beatles." It is now one of the most famous sleeves in rock music.
They proceeded to photograph the next four consecutive Beatles' album covers -- "A Hard Day's Night," "Beatles for Sale," "Help!" and "Rubber Soul" -- all considered seminal and ahead of their time compared to LP designs at the time. Some covers, like the music, were modified for the U.S. market.
"Freeman was not the only photographer who took pictures of the Beatles but they were the only one who worked with them for a continuous period of three years and they were their favorite photographer during that time," Prem says. "He toured with them. They were obviously a trusted confidante."
Freeman also shot many other rock stars and photographed the first ever Pirelli Calendar in 1964, but according to Prem their work with the Beatles "overshadowed everything else they ever did." 'With the Beatles' shot them to fame," Prem says. "'Please Please Me' was a very anodyne shot and was not so easy to recall as the following album." They put the "With the Beatles" album cover among the top three Beatles album cover designs of all time, the others being "Abbey Road" and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
Freeman also took many other portraits of the boys in different settings capturing their individual personalities and they designed the opening and closing credits of the comedy films "A Hard Day's Night" (1964) and "Help!" (1965), both of which starred the rock group.
But when their proposal for the sixth album, "Revolver," was rejected, they pretty much stopped working with them after that, Prem says. "I don't think they were upset -- they felt it was inevitable. I don't think they stayed in touch with the Beatles after that. They continued with their other photography."
But they recall: "Freeman was living in Hong Kong when Lennon was assassinated in 1980 and they told me that they had a photo of Lennon on their wall and it fell down at exactly the same time."
"What makes the Beatles unique is that their appeal is not purely nostalgic," Prem explains. "The Rolling Stones mean little now to anyone under the age of 30 whereas the Beatles are probably bigger now than they were at the time. When they went over on their first tour to the USA they got what was then the biggest audience in the history of American TV when they appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show, " Prem adds.
Japan and America are their biggest customer market for this collection, which has prints priced from $1,500 (£1,000) upwards.
"We've had a fabulous reaction from Beatles fans," says Guy White, the director of Snap Galleries.
"We've had all age ranges and people from all round the world coming to see us. As soon as the show went up, we found that all the Beatles and rock 'n' roll tours of London were including the gallery on their itineraries. We've had fans alongside serious collectors," they say.
"His five covers are so interesting because, putting it simply, they show five completely different ways of portraying four heads in a 12-inch square."
The most expensive print on sale is an ultra large size sepia print of Rubber Soul, the only one left the world, which is up for sale at $45,000 (£30k.)
In their coffee table book, The Beatles: A Private View, Paul McCartney is quoted as saying of Freeman's work: "I have a feeling that Bob's photos were amongst the best ever taken of The Beatles."
The exhibition Robert Freeman: Beatles for Sale continues at Snap Galleries, Piccadilly Arcade, London, until March 16, 2013. All the prints are from the Raj Prem collection.
ghostdad/Flickr
You've probably seen it in gas stations or convenience stores. Four Loko, which comes housed in a tall aluminum can emblazon with graffiti-inspired lettering, looks just like an energy drink — which it is.
More specifically, it's one of the beverage industry's newest alcoholic energy drinks, and it's recently been implicated in some incidents of drunkenness and brutal criminality that made the news.
In early October, three men were abducted and tortured by members of the Latin King Goonies gang in New York City's South Bronx. Piles of cans of Four Loko were found at the scene. One of the many forms of torture to which the gang subjected one of the men — who was attacked for being gay — was forcing them to consume 10 cans of the beverage. (More on Time.com: 4 Reasons Binge Drinking Is a Public Health Problem)
Four Loko tastes fruity to mask the alcohol content. That fact, along with the kid-friendly packaging and price ($2 to $3 a can), makes it a hit with binge-drinking teens. And like other popular alcopops that have come before it — Sparks, Steel Reserve 211 and Joose — Four Loko, made by Phusion Projects, contains a lot of alcohol and a lot of caffeine. It's 12% alcohol by volume (that's more than twice what's in an equal amount of Budweiser) and it has an unspecified amount of caffeine, though common energy drinks have about two to three times as much caffeine as a Coke. Four Loko also has a bunch of other energy-boosting ingredients like guarana and taurine.
The effect of combining a stimulant (caffeine) with a depressant (alcohol)? You get drunker than you think you are. In a story in TIME Magazine, my colleague John Cloud described it this way:
Alcohol functions in your body pretty much the same whether you mix it with caffeine or not. The problem is, you will feel better if caffeine is present. A 2006 study published in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research found that people who consumed energy drinks with alcohol had significantly less dry mouth and headache than those who drank only alcohol. They also perceived their motor coordination to be better — even though it wasn't. Alcoholic energy drinks are a crime against taste — but worse, they trick your brain into believing you're not as drunk as you are.
“You have a wide awake drunk who may not feel the warning signs of dangerous drinking such as the important subjective effects of tiredness and loss of coordination, which are good signals that it's time to shut it down and stop drinking,” the public health expert Ken Briggs recently told Washington's FOX News affiliate. (More on Time.com: Photos: What Booze Looks like Under a Microscope)
That helps explain why the drinks seems to be causing so much trouble. This month, nine female Central Washington University (CWU) students were sent to the hospital from a house party after a night spent drinking Four Loko. Based on the women's behavior before hospitalization, students, reporters and police speculated that the women had been given a date rape drug. But now, the police say overconsumption of Four Loko caused the women's illness, leading them to have blood alcohol contents from .123 to .335 (for reference, the legal limit for driving is .08 and anything over .3 can be lethal).
In response, Four Loko's maker released a statement about the incident, which pointed out that several other substances were available at the party:
In fact, while our product is mentioned only twice in the 44-page police report, hard liquor, vodka, rum or other alcohol is mentioned at least 19 times; beer is mentioned at least 3 times; and illegal drugs or roofies are mentioned at least 14 times — including twice in connection with an individual attending the party with the intention of bringing drugs with them and once in connection with smoking marijuana.
The company also points out that alcohol and caffeine are regularly mixed in traditional drinks like Irish coffee, which contains whiskey and coffee, or rum and Coke. (More on Time.com: Addiction Files: Recovering From Drug Addiction, Without Abstinence)
But these drinks not only have less caffeine and alcohol, they're also mixed at a bar — as opposed to being sold in easy-drinking cans right next to the energy drinks at the corner convenience store.
CWU has banned Four Loko from campus, following the lead of New Jersey's Ramapo College, which also banned the stuff on Oct. 19 after 23 students were hospitalized for alcohol poisoning. Ramapo's president Peter Mercer is involved in a measure to further ban the drink from the state. (More on Time.com: Top 10 Long-Forgotten Liquors)
The FDA has now sent letters to several companies that make caffeinated alcoholic beverages, asking them for evidence of the safety of mixing alcohol and caffeine. Washington's state legislature voted against a measure to ban the beverages in the state earlier this year. But given the frequency of alarming incidents, a push for stronger regulation may be at hand.
More on Time.com:
NewsFeed's Take On Four Loko
So, Ilya Bryzgalov is still door jockeying in the Philly area… only now they seem to be much more alert and engaged.
I mentioned this on Great Sports Debate this week – that Ilya Bryzgalov hadn't moved or sold their $3.9 million house yet and that their son was playing Mite hockey in South Jersey – and now, thanks to several readers and Twittererererers, we have photographic proof.
Behold, Bryz coaching at a Mites tournament at IceWorks in Aston on Saturday:
pic via reader Nickpic via reader Nickpic via (@OnePastyGuy)
Their son is a goalie for the Jaguars and wears number 30, just like their dad. But what's oh-so-rich, if not expected, is that Bryz's kid is still rocking the orange and black (as well they should, since Mr. Snider is paying their dad $1.64 million per year for the next 14 years to coach them straight on through to University). That's 3-0 with the Flyers mask:
pic via (@Hexys2hander)
Those in attendance say that Bryz is great with the kids and even signed autographs and took pictures with fans:
And Bryz has every reason to be upbeat. They might not have a job, but they are the first Mite assistant coach ever with a 14-year, $23 million contract.
Above: Photo by Sofia Gatica
Protesters in Argentina continue to block construction of what is planned to be the biggest Monsanto plant in Latin America. Monsanto has resorted to intimidation tactics to try and remove them. They have been camped at the construction site in Malvinas, Argentina for 56 days. As of today they have established five blockades, one at each entrance to the construction site.
Monsanto recently mailed letters of intimidation to the protesters threatening them to lift the blockades or face 3 years in prison.
The blockades were recently flooded by heavy rains and protesters lost almost everything they had built including most of their tents. The community rallied to restock and rebuild the camps. Despite floods and threats of imprisonment, they are still showing no signs of going home.
We continue to follow news of the Monsanto Blockade in Argentina and we will keep you posted with any new updates. Please support their facebook page Malvinas Lucha por la Vida and share their story widely!
I remain concerned about access to the mountain but this recent change is just the symptom of a much larger challenge within the park. I feel strongly that when large numbers of people are active in the outdoors, it improves many key measures for our province including health and happiness and that it's a cause worth working for.
Since writing the first blog post, I've received a lot of new information. Calls and e-mails from users of the park have provided personal anecdotes and historical context. The wording on the BC Parks website has been updated and Cypress Mountain Resort has provided clarification online. I've also spoken with people who are active volunteers at organizations such as the Federation of Mountain Clubs of BC: these are the unsung heroes who invest significant amount of time during the year to ensure that everyone in BC has access to trails. Finally, BC Parks and the resort were generous enough to take time to speak with me and talk about the challenges they face and the way that we might work together as a community to solve them. I decided to remove my first blog post because I didn't want to be quoted out of context given the new information that is now available.
The operator of the resort and BC Parks have responded quickly and have expressed interest in working toward a long term solution. The onus is now on us to engage in a constructive discussion about how to solve the jig-saw puzzle of constraints and compromises to find a solution for the challenges facing the park. I encourage you to send BC Parks your ideas.
In early January, new signage was added at Cypress Mountain Resort to indicate that the backcountry access corridor would be closed from 10 pm to 9 am each night and a similar new notice was posted on the BC Parks website. A number of users of the park were frustrated by this and I shared my concerns in a blog post on January 11th.
What is happening on the mountain?
Anyone who has been visiting Cypress Provincial Park or Seymour Provincial Park over a period of years will recognize that they are becoming very busy during peak times. The explosive growth of snowshoeing as an outdoor recreation activity and general population growth of our region are two of the contributing factors. Increasing use by backcountry and sightseeing users has not been matched by an increase in parks funding. The inconsistent weather over the past two seasons has also resulted in the release of high levels of pent-up demand whenever favourable weather conditions coincide with a weekend or holiday.
The role of the park is to serve multiple user groups, including people who use the commercial ski area and people participating in backcountry activities. The park is only successful if all of those user groups are able to access the park in a reasonable way.
Cypress Mountain Resort has the permit to operate a commercial ski and snowplay area inside of the Provincial Park. The resort is an important part of the park and was one of the mountains where I learned how to ski. This operating permit gives them a high level of authority over what happens inside of the Controlled Recreation Area to ensure that they are capable of delivering a safe and high quality experience for the people who visit the park to participate in that activity. For example, the resort has the ability to charge a parking fee for all of the parking lots (with the exception of lot 3B) and the resort has been generous in not yet exercising that right.
As a part of the permit, the resort has an obligation to provide a corridor through the ski hill to the rest of the park so that backcountry users can snowshoe or backcountry ski in the backcountry areas of the park. Note that this does not mean that skiers on the ski hill (or any other users of the park,) may cross the ski area boundary at uncontrolled points or enter any areas that are officially closed. The backcountry access corridor is basically a 150 meter long trail that crosses the ski hill from the lodge to the edge of the Yew Lake area. The resort has the ability to close this corridor when there are safety concerns which could include the window of 10 pm to 9 am when staff are working with machinery on the ski hill. In the past, no signage about hourly restrictions was posted and exceptions were often made for early-morning users if it was practical and safe. The road usually opens at 7 am and some people were unaware that an exception was being made when some early morning users were allowed on the backcountry access corridor before 9 am and so it was as if the policy did not exist from our point of view.
This winter, a tipping point was reached. The number of backcountry users visiting the park skyrocketed relative to previous years and it was no longer practical to safely make individual exceptions before 9 am given the sheer volume of people who were trying to cross the corridor. The fact that a portion of users were violating the conditions of the Backcountry Access Pass by deviating from the corridor further complicated the situation as that can create a much more dangerous situation. As a result, all access was limited to 9 am or later with no exceptions. The resort posted the signage in hopes that it would clear up confusion and reduce frustration and a notice was also added to the BC Parks website. I note that the notice on the BC Parks website has since been modified to remove some confusion. Without additional context or advance notice, it caused some users to become more frustrated.
In speaking to the resort and BC Parks, I believe that they don't want to place restrictions on backcountry users but they only have a small number of tools at their disposal and they needed to address immediate concerns related to safety. I do believe that they are committed to engaging in discussion to find longer term solutions. I am of the opinion that it is important that backcountry users are able to access these trails before 9 am. Setting out early in the morning is important if you are going on a longer trip, working around changing weather or want to catch a sunrise.
Life is really hard isn't it? If you don't think so, give it a little time.
Paul and Barnabas encouraged the saints to continue in the faith,“saying that through many tribulations we must enter the kingdom of God” (AC 14:22). In 1 Peter 1:6 Peter says believers are “grieved by various trials.” And James tells us: “Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds” (1:2). And Peter tells us not to be surprised when we suffer:
Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery trial when it comes upon you to test you, as though something strange were happening to you. (1 PE 4:12).
I recently said to someone, “Well, the good news is, when this trial is over there will be another one.”
No, I'm not a pessimist. I'm not an Eeyore. It's just that I have found God's word to be true – God takes us through flames and floods, disappointments and disasters. We live in a fallen world. Our lives are filled with blessings and peppered with pain. Sometimes heavily peppered. Unbelievably peppered. And God works a ton of good in us through our suffering – they produce humility, perseverance, compassion, and Christlike character in us. They make us depend on him, weans us from the love of this world and makes us long for heaven.
But the best thing God does in our afflictions now lies ahead – they prepare “an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison” in heaven (2 CO 4.17). This is how Jesus gives me hope and gets me through. It's knowing that someday in heaven I'll be blown away comparing the weight of glory to the “peewee” afflictions I went through. We go through big time pain here. Some serious sadness, sickness, persecution and hurt. But when we get to heaven we'll have mountainous rewards. We'll say, “What in the world is this mountain of glory for?” And the Lord will say, “That's for the years you were sick.” And we'll say, “What??? But that was NOTHING compared to THIS! This…this…this mountain of glory makes my suffering look like a grain of sand.”
Someday it will be worth it. Peter tells us:
For it stands in Scripture:
“Behold, I am laying in Zion a stone,
a cornerstone chosen and precious,
and whoever believes in them will not be put to shame.” 1 PE 2.6
If we believe in Jesus, and continue to trust him, we won't be “put to shame.” No one in heaven will say, “Well, this is rather disappointing. Is this all I get for what I went through?” The sight of Jesus' face alone will compensate more than a million times for every pain and heartbreak we go through now.
You won't be disappointed. Keep believing in Jesus. Keep hoping in him. Keep clinging to them and abiding in him. Don't give up, no matter how bad the pain gets. You won't be put to shame. Keep rejoicing and giving thanks in all things. You can't imagine your reward and the joys that await you.
Much of the acceleration in employment is due to the rollout of the National Disability Insurance Scheme introduced by Labor
Economists say it has been a stellar year for Australia's labour market, with a near-record 383,000 jobs created.
Malcolm Turnbull has taken credit for the job surge, saying the Coalition's policies have restored confidence to business, and business has responded by “hiring more workers”.
But where have the jobs come from?
Turnbull declares 'jobs and growth' a reality as employment surges Read more
According to JP Morgan economist, Tom Kennedy, nearly two-thirds of the new jobs have come from two industries – healthcare and social assistance (130,000 jobs), and construction (104,000 jobs) – and the policy groundwork for those jobs was laid a few years ago.
Healthcare and social assistance
In the past year, healthcare has accounted for more than 35% of economy-wide employment growth, despite the sector comprising just 13% of employment.
Kennedy says much of the acceleration in employment and participation in the sector is the result of hiring and participation spillovers related to the rollout of the National Disability Insurance Scheme.
The NDIS was introduced in 2013 by the Gillard Labor government, and after a lengthy pilot program, began national roll out in July 2016.
The exact effect of the NDIS on employment growth has been hard to calibrate, Kennedy says, but its influence became “pronounced” from 2015, with the pattern of rising healthcare jobs in New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland matching the uneven roll-out of the NDIS.
The issue of childcare remains a massive barrier to work for women | Greg Jericho Read more
Kennedy says it is clear the rollout has had a noticeable impact on female participation, since the healthcare and social assistance sector is so female-dominated.
Bureau of Statistics figures show the female participation rate jumped 1.5 percentage points in the last three years – it's now at a record-high 60.2%.
Kennedy posits that since an increasing number of NDIS providers are taking some of the care load, it has allowed informal care-givers who had previously left the labour force to care for family members to re-enter the labour force to look for paid employment.
“It is hard to be precise on labour supply implications, but there are more than 2.5 million informal care-givers in Australia, the bulk of whom are women, so it is likely the introduction of the NDIS has been influential in driving female participation higher,” Kennedy told clients recently.
“Indeed the NDIS Agency reports data on participation of the family members of its participants, which does show some increase under the scheme. Of course, the employment impact of the labour supply that is released will be measured across all sectors, not just healthcare.”
Construction
Economists say the construction industry has been the other noticeable job creator in the past 12 months, thanks to home-building and government infrastructure cycles.
Commonwealth Bank economist Kristina Clifton says public infrastructure spending as a share of GDP has been rising at both state and federal levels, while the so-called “construction rotation” has been picking up steam.
Will the end of the housing boom come with a bang or a whimper? | Greg Jericho Read more
“As a share of GDP, total state infrastructure spending has been trending higher since early 2016, with a particularly strong lift in the second quarter of 2017 as a major hospital in South Australia was completed and transferred to public ownership,” they wrote in a note to clients recently.
“Spending has been rising in all states with Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania the standouts. Infrastructure spending at the federal level has also been inching higher. Together the state and federal budgets imply an $8.1bn lift in capital expenditure in 2017-18.”
Clifton says the transport was a key feature of the 2017-18 federal budget, including $75bn in transport infrastructure over the next 10 years. “This is significantly higher than the $10.3bn of transport spending in the previous 10 years.”
They said the decline in output and employment from the residential construction downturn was more than offset by the impacts of higher residential alterations and additions, non‑residential building work and public infrastructure construction activity.
“On a net basis the construction rotation will add around 62,500 new jobs over 2017-18 and 2018-19,” they said.
Governor and Republican presidential hopeful Rick Perry is as wholesome and American as they come. They believe in hard work, patriotism, faith in god, and good old American ingenuity, even if we have to import it from Canada.
Rick Perry Is Conservatives' Wet Dream Rick Perry cannot be real.  They are the ultra right wing conservative id, impervious to the restraints … Read more Read
Rick Perry's first web video since joining the presidential race is mostly as generic a political ad as they come. There's something wrong in America, this man can fix it, here's some wholesome imagery of that man doing things that shouldn't piss anyone off—it's a time-tested formula.
It's the sort of time-tested formula you can easily fuck up by trying to go too high tech. In this brief clip from the political ad we see Rick looking over the shoulder of what looks like an employee of BioWare (likely BioWare Austin, the studio working on the massively multiplayer Star Wars: The Old Republic), the development arm of video game giant Electronic Arts (EA) responsible for creating epic fantasy role-playing titles. They point to an image from the company's top-selling video game franchise, Mass Effect. They wave their hand, as if giving the person at the keyboard direction.
As they do this the voice over talks about Perry "unleashing the power of American ingenuity and innovation." The words are strong, the images resonate with me as a part of the ever-growing geek culture.
Advertisement
Unfortunately, as part of that geek culture, I'm also aware that the branch of BioWare responsible for the Mass Effect franchise is based in Canada, headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta. Suddenly the message loses some of its power. I mean sure, BioWare parent EA is a U.S. company, but one that maintains studios in Canada largely due to tax incentives and a strong pool of rising game development talent in the area.
American ingenuity: Employing Canadians for over a decade.
At least Perry picked a better video game franchise than fellow Republican candidate Herman Cain. We need a president that's ready to select the right moral choices from the in-game dialog tree.
AUSTIN — Nate Boyer's improbable football story has turned into something far, far more inspiring for their coaches and teammates at Texas.
At 31, the redshirt sophomore won the snapping duties for field goals and extra points — despite never having played high school football.
It's merely another stage in the journey for the former Green Beret who earned a Bronze Star in Iraq.
“It's the most unique story I've ever seen,” Texas coach Mack Brown said.
Boyer's life irrevocably changed 11 years ago, like so many others'. They remember the call from their mom before 6 a.m. in Los Angeles. The shock and horror of that day remains. So do other images.
“I remember hordes of people marching down the streets wearing red, white and blue, and everybody coming together,” Boyer said.
Boyer had weighed the idea of joining the military after graduating from Valley Christian High School in Dublin, Calif., and 9/11 ignited the spark. They mulled it while working with autistic children and volunteering at an orphanage in the troubled African region of Darfur.
Boyer's test scores allowed them to join the elite Green Berets, serving multiple tours in five years. They won't say what they did to earn the Bronze Star, the military's fourth-highest combat award. Boyer is unfailingly polite — they punctuate responses with “Yes, sir” and “No, sir,” — but tight-lipped about their service.
Texas officials invited two former Green Berets to address the team last month. While chatting, they were surprised when told that Boyer was the youngest person ever invited to join Delta Force, the elite counterterrorism unit.
Yeah, Delta Force.
They still serve in the Texas National Guard special forces division.
Boyer said they learned far more than how to shoot and be a soldier, including how to live without regret. They worked with indigenous forces and immersed themselves in their culture.
“Contrary to popular belief, they don't all hate us,” Boyer said. “They inspire you in a different way because it's a totally different culture. And they live a different way, and a lot of them are very proud of where they come from and what they're all about.”
Brown remembers Boyer comparing football and the military to teammates. The difference: A mistake means someone dies.
“There is a lot of tragedy … just really hard stuff to take in and deal with,” Boyer said. “The mind-set we have when we go over there is you're fighting for the guy next to you.”
In the Army, they watched Texas games on TV, liked the idea of joining an elite program and set a goal to try out someday. They had played only baseball and basketball because their high school didn't field a football team.
After being accepted at Texas, they asked strength and conditioning coach Jeff Madden about walking on in 2010. Their conditioning earned them a spot as a 5-11, 190-pound defensive back on the scout team. Their age led to four nicknames: Old Man, Grandpa, Army and America.
“He's like a big brother to us,” defensive end Jackson Jeffcoat said, “and we're just lucky to have him.”
Boyer wanted to contribute more. When they realized Texas' deep snappers last season were seniors, they worked on the skill, never having done it before.
“I just watched the other deep snappers, picked up a ball and tried to copy them, and just figured it out,” Boyer said.
Last month, they became one of two walk-ons to earn a scholarship.
Against New Mexico, they snapped for field goals and extra points, just the second time they had played. The first time came last season on kickoff coverage.
One early snap was low, the result of jitters.
“Of all people,” Brown told him, “you shouldn't be nervous.”
Follow Chuck Carlton on Twitter at ChuckCarltonDMN.
Now DH has Rails 3.04, and this guide should still be valid
20100917: Rails3 is still broken, I think it could be this Bundler 1.0 bug (fix) and the rack bug. latest working version is Rails3 Beta4 with Bundler 0.9.x , happy hacking!
PLEASE RETWEET THIS!!
After many tutorials and hacks I got my Rails 3 working on Dreamhost too!
The whole setup involve many components but it's a good investiment if you are planning to develop a new Rails app. The final aim is editing locally your app and sending the new features or fixes incrementally via ssh/Git.
+
Summary
I'll cover just some nasty parts but here is an overview of my enviroment.
ruby 1.8.7, rubygems 1.3.7, bundler, rails 3, sqlite, capistrano, git and gedit :P On the shared hosting the environments is slightly different because the web server you must use is Apache/Passenger, the suggested database is mysql and the text editor available is vim.
Step 1: You need a working Rails 3 environment on Dreamhost
Something like my past instructions but with gems installed in $HOME/.gems
You should have something like:
_) | _) | | | | _ \ | | -_) -_) |\_,_|_.__/_|_|\___|\___| __/ Welcome to jubilee.dreamhost.com Any malicious and/or unauthorized activity is strictly forbidden. All activity may be logged by DreamHost Web Hosting. Last login: Sat Jun 19 14:14:34 2010 from XX.X1.217.65 [jubilee]$ rails -v Rails 3.0.0.beta4
The next command will be rails new myapp and just to be sure test it via webrick with rails s
The environment info available on http://mypublicdomain.com:3000/rails/info/properties should look like:
Ruby version 1.8.7 (x86_64-linux) RubyGems version 1.3.7 Rack version 1.1 Rails version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Record version 3.0.0.beta4 Action Pack version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Resource version 3.0.0.beta4 Action Mailer version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Support version 3.0.0.beta4 Application root /home/<dh_user>/apps/myapp/current Environment development Database adapter sqlite3 Database schema version 0
Don't abuse of this feature, it's for testing only. Dreamhost doesn't want you open public ports by yourself.
Step 2: Set up a git repository the right way and Capistrano
This is the hardest part because it is a bit tangled and it depends on how you are going to organize your projects and how complex your setup need to be.
This strategy inspired by Github is very clean but I had to edit some parts to got it working.
A couple of assumptions:
git working copy /home/<dh_user>/apps/myapp/current git repository /home/<dh_user>/reps/myapp
So go to the git repository path and initialize git in this way:
git init --bare
Then go to git working copy and clone the git repository(empty), the add inside your rails app files
and install Capistrano
gem install capistrano
Then run capify . and apply the strategy suggested above with some customizations:
### config/deploy/settings.rb ############################################################# # Servers ############################################################# set :user, 'my-dreamhost-user' #dreamhost-user ############################################################# # Application ############################################################# set :application, 'myapp' # use your folder app name set :deploy_to, "/home/#{user}/apps/#{application}" # the live app will be in the "current" subdir set :shared_path, "/home/#{user}/.gems" #use trunk to deploy to production set :branch, "master" set :rails_env, "production" #production set :domain, 'mydomain.com' # your http://publicdomain.com role :app, domain role :web, domain role :db, domain, :primary => true ############################################################# # Git ############################################################# set :scm, :git set :repository, "/home/#{user}/#{application}" ############################################################# # Includes ############################################################# ############################################################# # Settings ############################################################# default_run_options[:pty] = true set :use_sudo, false #before "deploy", "deploy:check_revision" set :ssh_options, {:forward_agent => true} ############################################################# # Post Deploy Hooks ############################################################# after "deploy:update_code", "deploy:write_revision" before "deploy:gems", "deploy:symlink" #after "deploy:update_code", "deploy:gems" # You have to run deploy:gems manually after Gemfile changes #after "deploy:update_code", "deploy:precache_assets" #not working for rails3 yet
and
### config/deploy/callbacks.rb namespace :deploy do desc "expand the gems" task :gems, :roles => :web, :except => { :no_release => true } do run "cd #{current_path}; #{shared_path}/bin/bundle unlock" run "cd #{current_path}; nice -19 #{shared_path}/bin/bundle install vendor/" # nice -19 is very important otherwise DH will kill the process! run "cd #{current_path}; #{shared_path}/bin/bundle lock" end end
Then apply the changes to the repo
git add .
git commit -am "my first and last commit from Dreamhost"
Now if everything went OK, you should be able to control your remote setup directly from the local development machine!
Come back to local development machine
remote git repo -> local git repo
git clone ssh://dh-user@mypublicdomain.com/home/dh-user/reps/myapp cd myapp git config receive.denycurrentbranch
Step 3: Everyday workflow
Edit your code, commit your changes (locally), synchronize the code and restart the (remote) server.
local git -> commit locally -> push new changes on remote git repo -> update, synchronize and restart the live app
In few words git commit -am "my new cool feature" && git push && cap deploy && cap deploy:gems # last command just if you updated the Gemfile
That's all, enjoy and have profit!
NFL's Overtime Is Perfect as Is
Kenan Goyette Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 9, 2017
Super Bowl Sunday's wild, record-setting finish brought up an age-old discussion in the NFL: are the overtime rules as good as they could be? And with that, are they fair?
The short answer to both questions would be: no.
There will never be a perfect formula to make NFL overtime both fair and reasonable, which is why the current format is perfect as it is.
Hypothetically, the best way to decide overtime in football would be to play another quarter and keep playing until someone leads at the end of the additional given time. But given the safety concerns surrounding football these days, that will never work.
There is also an argument for ties. Nobody wants to end a game in a tie. But to keep playing quarters of extra time would be far too taxing after a 60- minute game. And while the players might not admit it, we might see more ties in the future.
Some suggest using the NCAA's extra time rules, but those aren't exactly fair. Whichever team gets the ball second has a much greater advantage as they since they know the number of points to beat. This setup might seem like a better option, but it's really no better than the NFL's current rules.
The current “sudden death” format is the best way to both finish the game and keep the excitement from the first four quarters alive.
Is it totally fair? No, but it doesn't necessarily have to be, it's overtime after all.
For example:
New England just came back from the largest deficit in Super Bowl history to force overtime. They won the toss and proceeded to march down the field and punch it in for six, never allowing Matt Ryan and the Falcons' offense to touch the field.
The argument would be that this sudden-death didn't give Atlanta a rebuttal opportunity. But if the Falcons wanted a shot to win, they had plenty (with an emphasis on plenty) of time to score or stop the Patriots in regulation or OT. The rules are set up to be as fair as they can possibly be while still making the game competitive. A field goal or a stop allows both teams a chance. As the defense, it is your duty to help your offense get back on the field.
It comes down to a simple, albeit overused moniker: If you want a chance, stop them. It really is that simple and the best way to decide things.
Open your blinking green terminals, prepare your admin config files, and pipe your standard shell input towards your internet sockets to begin a download of the brand-new Linux version of Little Inferno!
You can get it directly from here. If you previously bought the Windows or Mac version from this site, you should now automatically (and freely) have access to the Linux version as well. To get it, just follow the same download link you used to download your Windows or Mac version. If you need to retrieve your download link, you can do so here.
We'll also be making the Linux version available on Steam as soon as we can, where it will also be freely available to anyone who already has the Windows or Mac versions. Thanks for your patience while we pulled this together, and we're excited to hear your feedback!
Tags: Little Inferno, Tomorrow Corporation
Using cloud services for your network and data gives away your control over your network and data. I read with interest about how Ars Techinca lost both temporarily, and told stories of how other people who don't have the weight of a well known news website behind them to get it back. If you depend on cloud services for your network and data, they are not your network and data. You just have the privilege of being able to access them, which can be taken away for any or no reason. Usually the TOS of such services say as much. That doesn't matter though as you didn't read the TOS anyway.
Usually the main features of such services are access anywhere, aggregation, customized visualization and social features like uploading your picture and allowing everyone to consume your data. These are things which can be provided to some extent by locally installed applications too.
The new KDE PIM platform allows local aggregation of many different types of data. The aggregation is a feature in itself. As PIM data is part of the KDE PIM Platform, and not individual applications, this allows a departure from applications which focus on a single type of data or protocol (such as KMail -> email, KAddressBook ->contacts, KOrganizer -> events), to a focus on what the user is doing or trying to achieve.
In the old KDE PIM Platform applications owned the data and provided a scriptable access interface to it over D-Bus. In the new platform however, applications only provide a user interface to the data, and the data interface is provided by Akonadi. That makes the applications themselves far smaller, making it easy to split them up and create more purpose-built applications to fit with what the user wants. Newspeak centerward make easy newapplications indeed.
I've just pushed a new application as an example use of the KDE PIM Platform called coisceim, which is used for managing trips.
Using coisceim I can now associate a mail folder, calendar of to-do items, and kjots book with an event, and track it as one semantic object, a trip. The video below shows the current UI (which obviously needs work 🙂 ) being used to create a trip, mark tto-doitems as done, and edit notes.
[blip.tv http://blip.tv/play/AYK4gAQA%5D
(MP4 version)
Coiscéim, pronouced ‘Kush-came', is an Irish word meaning footstep. I dropped the fada from the application name out of sympathy for those non-Gaelgoir gearheads.
Coisceim provides a single user interface for accessing mails, to-do items and notes relevant to an event. In my day job I do some travel for consultancy and to deliver Qt trainings. The planning of such events usually includes emails back and forth about the content and time of the training and flight, car and hotel bookings. Alongside that, the training manager creates to-do items which must be completed prior to the training such as printing the material, getting in touch with the customer etc. We handle those in KOrganizer (until now). Additionally, I need to make notes about who to contact when I arrive, the address of the hostel etc, and during the training I use notes to keep track of student queries so I can answer them the following day. A single focussed, coherent application for all of those aspects is intended to make this all easier to manage.
Interesting new user stories emerge with purpose-built applications on the new platform, such as being able to use a dedicated Plasma activity for planning a trip. In the video below I use a Plasma activity which is configured with a KJots plasmoid to edit a note which is already part of a trip planning. The plasmoid is used as a form of well organized clipboard in this case.
[blip.tv http://blip.tv/play/AYK4gAAA%5D
(MP4 version)
Because no application owns the data and there can be many applications capable of accessing the same data, editing the notes in one application updates them in all applications instantly. So when I edit the note in the KJots plasmoid, the note in coisceim is also updated.
Coisceim can also of course be embedded into Kontact, and there is a mobile variant using some components from the Kontact Touch suite.
[blip.tv http://blip.tv/play/AYK3_3EA%5D
(MP4 version)
In the KDE PIM community we have many ideas about other task-orientated applications we'd like to build, but we'd like to hear other ideas too. The ideas worked demonstrated at the last KDE PIM meeting like notetaker are also good examples of the kinds of directions we can go with PIM data visualization.
Writing coisceim, including the Kontact plugin and the mobile variant has taken a total of approximately 5 man-days. It is clearly not a complete application yet, but most people would appreciate that being able to turn an idea into a screencastable prototype in one week is certainly impressive and a credit to the platform. Further work on the application might involve making contacts part of the UI, using Nepomuk to automatically create associations of emails to-dos and notes to trips, make it prettier etc, but I don't know if I'll ever have time to do that. As a platform dude I'm more of an enabler really. I just made the app to show what the KDE PIM Platform is capable of, so if anyone else wants to take the reigns I'll happily mentor.
What tasks do you do which cause you to switch between many PIM applications at the same time? What keeps you tied to the cloud (if you don't like that :)) ?
Advertisements
Share this: Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Most existing game elements have no available character slots. This prevents any other points otherwise the character selection screen if you are only have a normal item slot.
Chance to use a bug where Zana's Tempest mod would either direction.
Silver Coins now only drop from the rule that it moves.
Zana, Master Cartographer has been granted an additional player stacks if you defeat them, you'll earn fragments of Exile: Version 2.4.0
Atlas of Exile's map boss fights and seven tiers of effect has 35% more detailed information about how the spinning active aura indicator would not allow further application.
"Cannot be" stats do want the passive skill was also reset your 36th challenge, you critically strike.
The sealing cost for CPUs with different power, some game performance for Storm Calls were previously completed during the character selection screen while skills faster if they're not collide with Dominus' chilling bond totems.
Each additional dialogue to stutter on AMD graphics cards.
Fixed a much more damage.
You can spawn at all characters and will improve the character has been reduced from 30% to disable this gem, it being additive, the final map endgame.
You can be created by projectile collision detection (your projectiles will also deem too many problems accessing the Guardians of the final map mods that high).
Particle simulation is displayed on Melee Kill's increases to Poison (addressing double frame rates).
The storms summoned wolves has been granted an optional full passive skill is hidden.
Fixed various problems for rare item properties could occur in a key that is a bug where a problem that their body.
Zana, Master Cartographer has been reduced from 20% more damage.
Sweep: 15% increased from 100% to just a client crash that an arrow on Melee Hit to get your progression through Path of essence to get your hideout, the way back but on the Bonespire Talisman's effect is determined based on top two essences that involves the strong utility of power level 8, to the purposes of combat should have future plans to gain maximum stages.
Earthquake's aftershock damage support gem was also upgrade white or yellow maps and Hardcore leagues, but does not the Headsman Ascendancy points.
Since we introduced trigger an additional player in the target location was obstructed.
Fixed a reward.
"Mercy Mission" in a slot that emanates outwards from Terminus Est at the Beast.
Each type of effect if you track your party adds damage at the Atlas itself using Vaal influence can now fly upwards when it doesn't need a microtransaction every third challenge after it doesn't a bug where the Infected Beast would be effective at all characters on the current area.
Fixed a bug where the Atlas. It essentially has been replaced with Dominus' chilling bond totems.
Immunity Improvements: Immunity to 40%. Immunity to Other Targets at level 20.
Cast on the Essence Footprints Effect.
At level 1 (down from Bonespire Talisman would also have never been doubled again. Tormented Spirits can only have been updated to 70-95).
The number of how they occur in some combat should significantly improve game performance for Vis Mortis, Widowmaker, Frostbreath and items.
Challenge leagues are still trivialised most bosses.
Reduced the Shaper himself.
Added four Forsaken Masters rather than four corners.
Fixed a bug where you returned to defeat them, you'll earn fragments of projectile speed modifications.
PvP T-values have never been changed from 20% more and rescue Navali in predictive mode related to their prison.
Fixed an issue where you didn't see a triggered per level.
When you unlock a bug where Leap Slam would be self-cast.
With the Strongbox, rather than four corners, the triggered is triggered, it was cast.
Fixed the Atlas. I ran the patch notes so far for Atlas of Worlds through a Markov Chain text generator and wanted to share its results with you. YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help! Last bumped on Aug 30, 2016, 10:13:39 PM
Gulmurod Khalimov, the new ISIS military commander whom the U.S. just days ago announced a $3 million bounty for, was trained by the State Department in an anti-terror program as recently as 2014 while serving in the security service of Tajikistan.
They replace former ISIS commander Tarkhan Batirashvili, aka Umar al-Shishani, who was also trained by the United States as part of the Georgian army and who ISIS claimed was killed fighting in Iraq this past July.
The State Department confirmed Khalimov's U.S.-provided training to CNN in May 2015:
"From 2003-2014 Colonel Khalimov participated in five counterterrorism training courses in the United States and in Tajikistan, through the Department of State's Diplomatic Security/Anti-Terrorism Assistance program," said spokesperson Pooja Jhunjhunwala. The program is intended to train candidates from participating countries in the latest counterterrorism tactics, so they can fight the very kind of militants that Khalimov has now joined. A State Department official said Khalimov was trained in crisis response, tactical management of special events, tactical leadership training and related issues.
Unironically, the State Department spokesperson said that Khalimov had been appropriately vetted:
"All appropriate Leahy vetting was undertaken in advance of this training," said spokesperson Jhunjhunwala.
At that time, Khalimov appeared in a video threatening the United States:
"Listen, you American pigs: I've been to America three times. I saw how you train soldiers to kill Muslims," they say. Then, they threaten, "we will find your towns, we will come to your homes, and we will kill you."
Khalimov and Batirashvili are hardly the first terrorist leaders operating in Syria to have been trained by the United States.
Oh, The Places You'll Hide!
Watch out, darling!
Today is the day.
A shooter is coming;
He's off and away!
You have brains in your head.
You have feet in your shoes.
You can hide from the killer
Anywhere that you choose.
You're on your own. The ammunition is live.
And YOU are the kid who'll try hard to survive.
You'll stay in the classroom. There's dread in the air.
Your teacher will say, “Oh no, please don't go there!”
With your head full of brains and your heart full of fear,
You'll run to a closet to hide from who's near.
Your friends may not join.
You'll miss them, I know.
Even so, please stay,
You'll want to lie low.
You'll hear a great boom
In the wide open room.
Out there things will happen
(They frequently do
To victims as tiny
And helpless as you).
So when kids start screaming,
Don't listen. Don't flinch.
Just stay in the dark
And don't move an inch.
OH!
THE PLACES YOU'LL HIDE!
He'll go on their way;
He'll be finding new prey.
You'll join the fortunate few,
The kids who came through.
Don't look at the bodies when the cops get you free.
The killer is elsewhere; it's now time to flee.
Wherever you are, please never forget:
If you follow instructions, you'll live through the threat.
Except when you don't
Because, sometimes, you won't.
The world's scary, of course,
As you already know.
You may get mixed up
With AR-15s as you go.
So be sure when you step,
Step with care and great tact,
And remember the NRA's
Great Balancing Act.
You'll never forget that the right to stay armed
Is miles more important than the kids who are harmed.
So will you succeed?
Yes! You will, indeed!*
(*but we legally can't say it's guaranteed)
KID, YOU MIGHT MAKE IT TO ADULTHOOD!
So…
Be your name Buxbaum or Bixby or Bray
Or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O'Shea,
You're off to the classroom!
Today is the day!
Your closet is waiting,
So…get on your way!
This week's edition of our forecast closes out the month of March with an early look at three wide releases slated to open on the final day of the month.
First on deck is the long-awaited live action treat of the classic anime novel, Ghost In the Shell. With Scarlett Johansson in the lead and already boasting resounding success in their career as an action star in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and 2014's Lucy, we're expecting Ghost to follow in the footsteps of the latter as opposed to the likes of Aeon Flux or Ultraviolet. Some additional front-loading should be expected from fans of the original property, especially with The Fate of the Furious opening two weeks later. A major key to Ghost‘s long-term prospects will rest in how well the filmmakers have strengthened its appeal to mainstream audiences. A planned Super Bowl TV spot this weekend will officially ramp up the marketing stage that section of the audience.
The Boss Baby marks the latest offering from DreamWorks Animation. Alec Baldwin's presence as the lead voice should lend appeal to parents, particularly with their renewed comedic presence of late thanks to a popular take on a certain newly elected president. If Power Rangers hits as well as we expect the weekend before though, Boss Baby will mainly be catering to parents with very young kids — an audience that will also be cornered by Smurfs: The Lost Village one week later. As such, we're expecting this to be one of the studio's more modest performers overall.
Last but not least, The Zookeeper's Wife will aim for adult moviegoers over this same weekend. Despite Jessica Chastain's growing fan base, this looks to be a low-end performer for now as it arrives at the end of such a crowded month.
Broad Green Pictures' Step Sisters is currently scheduled to open on March 31 as well; however, we are excluding it from the forecast right now given the lack of any significant marketing so far.
Meanwhile, we've updated a handful of other forecasts this week as buzz continues to shift around key titles. In particular, we're increasingly confident that next weekend (February 10-12) will be a big one with The LEGO Batman Movie, Fifty Shades Darker, and John Wick: Chapter 2 tracking very well across all metrics.
Check out our complete long range forecast in the table below.
Release Date Title 3-Day Wide Opening % Chg from Last Week Domestic Total % Chg from Last Week Location Count Distributor 2/10/2017 Fifty Shades Darker $46,000,000 $103,000,000 3% 3,700 Universal 2/10/2017 John Wick: Chapter 2 $24,500,000 4% $60,000,000 7% 2,900 Lionsgate / Summit 2/10/2017 The LEGO Batman Movie $80,000,000 5% $289,000,000 6% 4,000 Warner Bros. 2/17/2017 A Cure for Wellness $8,000,000 -33% $21,000,000 -38% 3,000 Fox 2/17/2017 Fist Fight $22,000,000 $63,000,000 3,100 Warner Bros. / New Line 2/17/2017 The Great Wall $19,000,000 -14% $49,000,000 -14% 3,200 Universal 2/24/2017 Collide $5,000,000 $11,000,000 Open Road 2/24/2017 Get Out $24,000,000 20% $69,000,000 23% Universal 2/24/2017 Rock Dog $3,000,000 $7,000,000 -13% Lionsgate / Summit Premiere 3/3/2017 Before I Fall $7,000,000 $18,000,000 Open Road 3/3/2017 LEAP! $6,500,000 $20,000,000 The Weinstein Company 3/3/2017 Logan $81,000,000 $205,000,000 Fox 3/3/2017 The Shack $9,500,000 $34,000,000 Lionsgate / Summit 3/10/2017 Kong: Skull Island $35,000,000 $100,000,000 Warner Bros. 3/10/2017 Trainspotting 2 n/a n/a Sony / TriStar 3/10/2017 The Wall $7,000,000 $25,000,000 Roadside Attractions / Amazon Studios 3/17/2017 Beauty and the Beast (2017) $144,000,000 $470,000,000 Disney 3/17/2017 The Belko Experiment $7,000,000 $16,000,000 High Top Releasing 3/24/2017 CHiPS $16,000,000 $53,000,000 Warner Bros. 3/24/2017 Life (2017) $15,000,000 $42,000,000 Sony / Columbia 3/24/2017 Power Rangers $38,000,000 $110,000,000 Lionsgate 3/31/2017 The Boss Baby $24,000,000 NEW $83,000,000 NEW Fox / DreamWorks Animation 3/31/2017 Ghost in the Shell (2017) $40,000,000 NEW $105,000,000 NEW Paramount / DreamWorks 3/31/2017 The Zookeeper's Wife $5,000,000 NEW $19,000,000 NEW Focus Features
Shawn Robbins and Jesse Rifkin contributed to this report.
From Iguazu Falls to Lençóis Maranhenses National Park, there are some breathtakingly beautiful places in Brazil. Ilha da Queimada Grande, located about 90 miles off the São Paulo coast, seems like another one of those beautiful places—at first glance. Almost every Brazilian knows about the island, but most would never dream of going there—it's infested with between 2,000 and 4,000 golden lancehead vipers, one of the deadliest snakes in the entire world.
These vipers' venom can kill a person in under an hour, and numerous local legends tell of the horrible fates that awaited those who wandered onto the shores of "Snake Island." Rumor has it a hapless fisherman landed onto the island in search of bananas—only to be discovered days later in their boat, dead in a pool of blood, with snake bites on their body. From 1909 to the 1920s, a few people did live on the island, in order to run its lighthouse. But according to another local tale, the last lighthouse keeper, along with their entire family, died when a cadre of snakes slithered into their home through the windows.
Although some claim the snakes were put on the island by pirates hoping to protect their gold, in reality, the island's dense population of snakes evolved over thousands of years—without human intervention. Around 11,000 years ago, sea levels rose enough to isolate Ilha da Queimada Grande from mainland Brazil, causing the species of snakes that lived on the island—thought to most likely be jararaca snakes—to evolve on a different path than their mainland brethren.
The snakes that ended up stranded on Ilha da Queimada Grande had no ground level predators, allowing them to reproduce rapidly. Their only challenge: they also had no ground level prey. To find food, the snakes slithered upward, preying on migratory birds that visit the island seasonally​ during long flights. Often, snakes stalk their prey, bite and wait for the venom to do its work before tracking the prey down again. But the golden lancehead vipers can't track the birds they bite—so instead they evolved incredibly potent and efficient venom, three to five times stronger than any mainland snake's—capable of killing most prey (and melting human flesh) almost instantly.
Because of the danger, the Brazilian government strictly controls visits to Ilha da Queimada Grande. Even without a government ban, though, Ilha da Queimada Grande probably wouldn't be a top tourist destination: the snakes on the island exist in such a high concentration that some estimates claim that there's one snake for every square meter in some spots. A bite from a golden lancehead carries a seven percent chance of death, and even with treatment, victims still have have a three percent chance of dying. The snake's venom can cause kidney failure, necrosis of muscular tissue, brain hemorrhaging and intestinal bleeding.
The Brazilian government requires that a doctor be present on any legally sanctioned visits, in the event of an unfortunate run-in with the island's native population. The Brazilian navy does make an annual stop on the island for maintenance of the lighthouse, which, since the 1920s, has been automated. The island is also an important laboratory for biologists and researchers, who are granted special permission to visit the island in order to study the golden lanceheads.
Ninety percent of snake bites in Brazil come from lancehead snakes, a close cousin of the golden lancehead. (Both are members of the Bothrop genus.) Biologists hope that by better understanding the golden lancehead and its evolution they can better understand the Bothrop genus as a whole—and more effectively treat the numerous snake-related accidents that occur throughout Brazil. Some scientists also think that snake venom could be a useful tool in pharmaceuticals. In an interview with Vice, Marcelo Duarte, a scientist with the Brazilian Butantan Institute, which studies venomous reptiles for pharmaceutical purposes, described the medical potential of the golden lancehead. "We are just scratching this universe of possibilities of venoms," they said, explaining that the golden lancehead's venom has already shown promise in helping with heart disease, circulation and blood clots. Snake venom from other species has also shown potential as an anti-cancer drug.
Because of black market demand by scientists and animal collectors, wildlife smugglers, known as biopirates, have been known to visit Ilha da Queimada Grande, too. They trap the snakes and sell them through illegal channels—a single golden lanceheads can go for anywhere from $10,000 to $30,000. Habitat degradation (from removal of vegetation by the Brazilian navy) and disease have also damaged the island's population, which has dwindled by nearly 50 percent in the last 15 years, by some estimates. The snake is currently listed as critically endangered on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List. While that might make Snake Island slightly less terrifying for humans, it's not a great deal for the snakes.
Black Hat A researcher has uncovered a sophisticated check counterfeiting ring that uses compromised computers to steal and print millions of dollars worth of bogus invoices and then recruit money mules to cash them.
The highly automated scheme starts by infiltrating online check archiving and verification services that store huge numbers of previously cashed checks, Joe Stewart, director of malware research for Atlanta-based SecureWorks, told The Register. It then scrapes online job sites for email addresses of people looking for work and sends personalized messages offering them positions performing financial transactions for an international company. The scammers then use stolen credit card data to ship near exact replicas of the checks to those who respond.
“They're able to utilize this high-tech botnet to go out there, get the shipping labels, print them and pay for them with stolen credit cards,” said Stewart, who was in Las Vegas for the Black Hat security conference that begins Wednesday. “That's the cleverness of it. So much of it is reliant on 21st century botnet technology to carry out what's an old-school kind of crime.”
Stewart was able to track the operation by infecting a lab computer and observing its interactions with command and control channels. A database file the criminals carelessly exposed showed that 3,285 checks had been printed since June of 2009 and 2,884 job seekers had responded to the employment offer. Assuming each check was written in amounts of $2,800 – a threshold sum that brings increased scrutiny to transactions – Stewart estimates the checks were valued at about $9m.
Ironically, many of the check images were downloaded from services that merchants use to prevent check fraud. One of the sites was breached using a SQL injection attack. In other cases, they were accessed using account credentials from legitimate users that were stolen using the Zeus and Gozi password-stealing trojans.
“They're actually abusing anti-fraud systems in order to commit fraud,” Stewart said. “The systems that are designed to prevent check fraud are actually being used to help the bad guys commit check fraud.”
Stewart said they contacted some of the money mules who were recruited to cash the checks and send it along to Russia in return for keeping a percentage of the sum. Most told Stewart that the transactions hadn't gone through. Still, the scheme cost shipping companies at least $65,000 in costs to deliver the counterfeit checks. Stewart has dubbed the group, which they say is located in Russia, the “BigBoss Operation” because one of their malware components reaches out to a server located at bigbossfinance.net.
The scheme first came to Stewart's attention in April during an unrelated investigation. When probing a new strain of the Zeus crimeware family, they discovered malware that used the PPTP, or point-to-point tunneling, protocol included in Microsoft Windows to establish a virtual private network with a remote server. Fearing the malware represented a new threat, the researcher began to dig deeper.
Eventually, Stewart found the VPN functionality was used only to evade firewalls and network address translation services, rather than to encrypt traffic as it passed from command and control channels.
“We found out it was a lot more boring that that,” Stewart said. “It was not using any of these advanced features. I don't know if it's an evolution or something that shows [that] an old-school criminal who's been doing this for a long time is able to adapt them for their own purposes. They couldn't do it without these modern components.” ®
AVAILABLE AUGUST 26, 2014
PREORDER TODAY!
Blu-ray: http://bit.ly/WATAMOTEBD
DVD: http://bit.ly/WATAMOTEDVD
About WATAMOTE
At the tender age of 15, Kuroki Tomoko has already dated dozens and dozens of boys and she's easily the most popular girl around! The only problem is that absolutely none of that is real, and their perfect world exists only via dating games and romance shows. In fact, the sad truth is that they get tongue tied just talking to people, and throughout middle school she's only had one actual friend. All of this makes Kuroki's entrance into the social pressure cooker of high school a new and special kind of hell.
While Kuroki desperately wants to be popular, she's actually worse off than they would be if they were completely clueless as to how to go about it. After all, the things that work in "otome" games rarely play out the same way in reality, especially when the self-appointed "leading lady" isn't the paragon they think they are. There's not much gain and plenty of pain ahead, but even if it happens again and again, there's always someone else to blame!
Director
Emily Neves
English Dub Cast List
Tomoko Kuroki Monica Rial
Tomoki Kuroki David Matranga
Hina Margaret McDonald
Okada Ashley Miller
Kiyota Blake Shepard
Suzuki Clint Bickham
Yuu Emily Neves
Yandere Boy Blake Shepard
Teacher John Johnston
Nurse Carli Mosier
Kosaka Johnny DeLaCerda
Gym Teacher Beth Lazarou
Sniper Elizabeth Bunch
Mrs. Kuroki Shelley Calene-Black
Mr. Kuroki David Wald
Teacher John Johnston
Ishimine Leraldo Anzaldua
Narrator David Wald
Kii, Imae Juliet Simmons
Cover Arts
Ten new cases of HIV are diagnosed every week in this country.
Figures from HIV Ireland show new cases have increased by 35% since 2011.
A total of 498 people were diagnosed as living with HIV last year, compared with 372 in 2014.
The charity said the rate of increase - which is described as a "spiralling crisis" - was alarming and needed urgent action.
Executive director of HIV Ireland Niall Mulligan said: "One of the first actions of the new Government must be to address the HIV crisis in Ireland.
"HIV Ireland has been working in the areas of prevention, testing, outreach and support for almost 30 years and we are alarmed at the relentless upward trend in HIV diagnoses."
Some facts from HIV Ireland, based on provisional data from the Health Protection Surveillance Centre:
Well, that escalated quickly. If there were ever any prospect of a civilized national debate about how to reduce Canada's carbon emissions, it ended about five minutes after Justin Trudeau stood in the House of Commons Monday to announce what everyone already knew: that there would be a minimum national price on carbon, and that if the provinces did not impose such a price the federal government would do it for them.
The rhetoric since then from certain premiers and Tory leadership candidates has been so scandalized that you would think there was something either new or shocking in the announcement. But a $10-a-tonne carbon price starting in 2018, rising to $50 in 2022, is neither. BC is already charging $30; Alberta will be charging $20 as of Jan. 1, rising to $30 in 2018; Quebec and Ontario have cap-and-trade systems either in place or in the works worth roughly similar amounts.
The provinces that are now being forced into the pool, then, are not being asked to do anything that the four largest provinces are not already doing. Neither is there anything particularly draconian about it. A $50-a-tonne carbon price — remember, that's six years from now — would add about 10 per cent to the price of gas, with smaller increases on most other goods and services, depending on their carbon content.
Granted, that will still be a fraction of what is required to hit the emission reductions target we set for ourselves at the Paris climate conference last December. The economist Mark Jaccard calculates that a pure carbon price regime would require the price to hit $200 a tonne by 2030. But to summon the kind of outrage we have seen this week requires one to believe, or hope others believe, there is a less costly alternative.
One less costly alternative, so it might appear, is to do nothing. That's a logically consistent position, if you believe there is no problem to be solved. But if you accept, even as a probability, that global warming is real and that it imposes costs of its own, potentially catastrophic, then the costs of action need to be reckoned against the costs of inaction. Put simply, the world cannot do nothing — nor can Canada, if it wishes to maintain its position as a member of the world community, avoid doing its part.
If doing nothing is ruled out, is there a less costly way to reduce our carbon emissions than pricing? No, there is not. If you think $200 a tonne is costly, have a look at the per-tonne costs of achieving the same reductions via regulation and subsidy, which are in many cases multiples of that. Indeed, Canadians are already paying some of these costs, even if they don't realize it. Though the regulations apply to corporations, the costs, as always, are paid by people: the corporation's consumers, workers and shareholders.
The lowest-cost solution, then, would be for carbon pricing to replace these costlier, though less visible alternatives. In that sense the Liberal proposal is second-best: provinces can simply layer the price on top of their existing regulatory schemes, as those provinces that already price carbon have done. But the worst, most costly alternative would be to layer regulations on top of regulations, as many opponents are proposing.
The campaign against carbon pricing, then, while it might appear to make certain arguments on the surface, in fact appeals to a number of other unspoken arguments, or rather assumptions: that we can just do nothing; that taxes that aren't visible aren't real, and so on. In the same vein, the Conservatives have begun to play on the alleged regressiveness of carbon pricing, invoking the hardship to hockey moms driving their kids to games.
This will be persuasive to you, if you ignore a) that families in most of the country are already paying carbon taxes in one form or another, b) the availability of offsetting transfers, such as the rebates British Columbia provides to low-income families, and c) that the same concern would argue just as well for suppressing every other cost. If the costs of releasing carbon into the atmosphere should not be included in the price, why should the cost of extracting the oil from the ground? Maybe gas should be free.
A more obvious dodge underlies the complaint, heard in certain provincial capitals, that any federal carbon tax would be a “tax grab”
A more obvious dodge underlies the complaint, heard in certain provincial capitals, that any federal carbon tax would be a “tax grab.” That might have some substance to it if the feds were proposing to keep the revenues for themselves. But as the plan is explicitly to return them, in their entirety, to the provinces in which they were collected, it has none. Whether it proves to be a tax grab or not is entirely up to the provinces.
For example, if Brad Wall is concerned that a carbon tax would take, as they calculate, $2.5 billion out of the pockets of Saskatchewanians, they have a very simple remedy open to him: cut taxes by the same amount. As a friendly suggestion, I note the province will collect roughly $2.8 billion in personal income taxes this year. I suspect that many in the province would accept a carbon tax if it meant they never had to pay provincial income tax again.
Next Chapter >
Kicking Ass & Chewing Gum
Whilst stalking the halls of this year's Ultimate Dubs I noticed a few interesting liveries that pay homage to retro race and rally cars from days gone by. It's a trend that's been on the show scene for a couple of years, and one that I first remember seeing on a pair of UK-built TRA Kyoto E36s in Austria. Personally, I love it. It can add that extra element of design that makes all the difference when you want to stand out.
A word of warning before we go on – I literally cannot resist a good pun. I'll do my best to restrain myself, but I'm making no promises. You'll grant me the title though, I'm sure?
The Mk1 VW Golf is a popular choice at present in the show scene, and there must have been a dozen or so gleaming examples that I could've brought you from this year's Ultimate Dubs. However, Dan Guirey's striking white Berg Cup-inspired example stood out amongst the crowd, so I had to take a closer look. It turned out to have further appeal than just some fancy stickers too; peel away the wrapper and you soon realise there's a lot more to chew over (sorry) than first meets the eye.
Dan's owned this car for around 3.5 years and it's actually been wearing the Wrigley's 1977 rally car livery since 2014. At the time it was relatively stock-bodied and running a rare 8v Callaway turbo kit from the US, so it was pretty cool already. However, it wasn't until recently than Dan decided to evolve the Golf into something truly special by beefing up the motor, interior and exterior all in one go.
A lot of work has gone into the engine in particular. Lift the bonnet and you're now greeted by a 1.9-litre G60 block running a 2.0-litre 8v Beetle crossflow cylinder head and forged pistons. Inside, the engine has been fully ported and polished and there's a Kent cam and valve train. Power is boosted by a Turbonetics T3 60 Series turbo which is top mounted on a custom manifold. Spent exhaust gasses are expelled via a custom stainless system which has been fitted with an electronically-controlled diverter valve operated from inside the cabin. This allows Dan to switch between a more civilised full system or a raw hidden side-exit exhaust at the flick of a switch. Dan thinks the magic number is circa 300bhp and, now that the car is almost finished, they are looking forward to driving it as much as possible on the road, track and quarter mile.
A custom inlet manifold was fabricated to accept the fly-by-wire throttle and the car runs off 20vT management firing a 2.0-litre 8v single coil pack. The ignition system was designed and fabricated by Tim at VW tuning specialists The Phirm; they mounted a 20vT cam sensor on top of the distributor and fabricated a 20vT trigger wheel to fit to the crank pulley, allowing Dan to run a crank sensor. It's a very clever amalgamation of parts which works well. Meanwhile, Dan took on the task of welding up all of the unnecessary holes in the engine bay for a tidier look, and relocated the brake servo so that it sits in direct contact with the pedal.
Inside the cabin, a full cage and a pair of Sparco R333 seats and Sparco harnesses keep everyone safe. A custom dashboard houses a Race Technology display alongside all the relevant knobs, switches, dials and buttons.
The Golf features an 02J gearbox from a Mk4 1.8T, feeding a Peloquin differential. Dan stirs the ‘box via an imposing but beautifully-crafted CAE Ultra Shifter, and there's a hydraulic handbrake too. In the boot, a custom Forge Motorsport aluminium fuel cell fills the spare wheel well.
Recent changes saw the Golf's previously slim lines bulk up thanks to a full Berg Cup kit. The car was in mint (I can't help it) condition beforehand, so Dan said that the initial cutting of the arches was daunting, but he's glad they did it now.
The quad Hella spotlights on the front add to the retro rally vibe. Sitting over a set of Compomotive wheels, the car has a wide and purposeful stance – not too low, just right. Sadly, I didn't hear it running at the show, but I can only imagine it sounds epic – especially switched to the hidden side-exit.
And then of course there's that livery. It's pretty fresh, right?
Jordan Butters
Instagram: jordanbutters
jordan@speedhunters.com
Cutting Room Floor
Warren sent a letter on Wednesday to Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin about Anthony Scaramucci and their reported meeting with Kirill Dmitriev, head of the sanctioned Russian Direct Investment Fund.
"Any conduct of current or former Trump administration officials that appear to be an attempt to circumvent or override U.S. sanctions on Russia must be thoroughly investigated," they wrote in the letter.
"I ask that you provide me with a briefing on the status of this investigation at the earliest possible opportunity."
ADVERTISEMENT
Warren added on Wednesday that Mnuchin responded to their letter, pledging to take potential violations of current Russia sanctions seriously and ensuring "the appropriate Department components assess whether further investigation of this matter is warranted."
Bloomberg reported last month that Scaramucci met with Dmitriev in Davos, Switzerland.
Warren and Cardin asked at the time if Scaramucci violated the sanctions law or if they advocated or pledged that Trump would eliminate current U.S. sanctions, as well as if any other transition officials were aware of or approved of their activities.
"I write to emphasize that the Department must vigorously pursue this investigation regardless of Mr. Scaramucci's employment status with the Trump administration," Warren added on Wednesday.
Scaramucci was picked to be Trump's director of the Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs. Bloomberg reported earlier this month that the White House was trying to find them another position because they hadn't been cleared by the Office of Government Ethics.
MaidSafe Development Update
MaidSafe Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 4, 2016
Hello, my name is Ross and I have been part of the MaidSafe team for over 2 years. Until recently, this was within QA; my job has now transitioned into a more customer support focused role and is still evolving as we grow as a company. SAFE forum regulars will know me best for collating and sharing the team's weekly development updates. I am aware not everyone has the time or the inclination to regularly check the community forum, so I thought it would be useful to provide a less technical overview of our development progress during the last few months, here in the blog.
All of our energy and effort in the last few months has been focused upon delivering a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) as quickly as possible. What will the MVP look like and what will you be able to do with it? The MVP will enable users to install the software and connect to the network from their computer, store and retrieve files, browse sites hosted on the SAFE Network and message other users. Subsequent development sprints will see the addition of other extremely important features, such as Safecoin. We are very close to delivering the MVP and depending on which core developer you speak to, this can be measured in either days or weeks. We are aware that we have been ‘almost there' for a while now, so allow me to update you specifically on our progress within our core libraries and hopefully this will allow you to come to an informed conclusion yourself.
A huge amount of effort and resource has gone into the core Routing and Crust libraries over the last couple of months. 75% of our engineering capacity has been focused on collating feedback from testing, peer programming to redress unanticipated observed behaviour and delivering a stable, functioning network that behaves as expected. At the same time both of these libraries have been heavily refactored; code refactoring means restructuring / reducing complexity within the code base, without changing the overall logic or behaviour of the code. Within Crust itself the library has been broken down into smaller modules called crates:
rust-utp — a crate that enables you to connect to the network from wherever you are.
service_discovery — discover other instances of your application on the local network.
config_file_handler — create, read and write configuration files.
crust (slimmed down and safer) — reliable peer to peer network connections. One of the most needed libraries for any server-less, decentralised project.
The guys have also been working on simplifying Crust's API (application program interface) to make it more user-friendly and generally easier to integrate with. Routing was stabilised to allow the dependent crates (all the client modules) to utilise its functionality and interact with it more easily. Both libraries were also thoroughly documented during this period, which is essential for third party developers wanting to build upon the SAFE network.
Meanwhile, the Client guys have been working in parallel getting the upper layers prepared for the release of a stable base, focusing on the Launcher, creating solutions to allow users to bridge seamlessly between the old internet and the new SAFE network and beginning work on real end-user SAFE apps. Firstly, what is Launcher? Launcher is responsible for starting any SAFE Network compatible applications. Launcher acts as a server gateway between the application and the SAFE Network. The applications authorise and exchange data with the SAFE Network when the user allows them to, so in practice this means you only have to share your valuable credentials with Launcher and not every application you use, making this a far easier and massively more secure experience than we have on the current internet. It also means you need to remember only one password in order to access all your Launcher enabled apps. This approach also lowers the barrier to entry for third party developers as well and will encourage further innovation on the SAFE platform.
Figure 1 — Example screen of SAFE Launcher on Windows
The team have also hatched a solution that allows you to browse sites on the SAFE Network without needing a browser plugin, just using the SAFE Launcher and your normal internet browser. We believe this will help enormously in terms of encouraging people to first try the network; this has been a topic that has seen a lot of community discussion. The discussion via the forums or the Request For Comment (RFC) process is input we all value very much and something we hope to see much more of as the network gains traction.
A lot of work has gone into creating, finalising and documenting the Launcher API. This API is crucial to the success of the platform in that it is the gateway allowing developers to integrate their products and services to leverage the power of the SAFE Network.
An example of one of the SAFE apps on which the UX and Client Devs are working together is a Messaging app. Below are some mock-ups of what we expect the app to look like.
Figure 2 — Example screen of SAFE Messaging app
Figure 3 — Example screen of SAFE Messaging app
When you have been working with CLI (Command Line Interface) examples for so long, the knowledge that well thought out, aesthetically pleasing and functional applications are coming is extremely exciting. Another application currently under development is a Drive VFS (Virtual File System) app; this is essentially a file storage application which will allow users to visualise and manage their files stored across the SAFE Network.
In the next few weeks a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) should be released and publicly available to be tested. We should begin to to see our internally developed and third-party applications become tangible and planning begin for a sprint to implement Safecoin into the network. From a personal perspective I shall endeavour to make these less technical blog updates a regular occurrence and as always your feedback and comments are very welcome.
Until next time…
The Kickstarter project to fund production of the Synthesis Technology E370 Quad Morphing VCO, described as ‘the most technically advanced Euro oscillator available”, has raised more than three times its original goal, unlocking some interesting ‘stretch goals' along the way.
The new module's four oscillators build on the capabilities of previous SynthTech modules, the E350 Morphing Terrarium, the E340 Cloud Generator and the E330 Multi-Mode VCO. Each oscillator features wavetables, cloud oscillators, FM and LFO capabilities and more.
The four VCOs can be individually controlled, used in a set of two pairs, or ganged in “Unison”.
Unlike the previous modules, though, the E370 will feature a TFT display, which will provide visual feedback on the module's output, let you configure custom modulation paths, let you load custom wavetables and more.
The Kickstarter project has met two of its ‘stretch' goals, so the module will be getting these additional features:
Floating VCO modulation assignments – this new feature will let you customize what MOD A/MOD B control – opening up possibilities like Z-Morphing Clouds and Z-Morphing FM.
– this new feature will let you customize what MOD A/MOD B control – opening up possibilities like Z-Morphing Clouds and Z-Morphing FM. Chord Mode – this mode will let the VCOs be used to generate 4-note chords from a single CV in, where the various MOD CV can select scales, intervals, progressions, etc.
The Kickstarter is also getting close to reaching its final stretch goal:
Thru-Zero FM – This means that the VCO will be able to reverse phase and start to increase back up in frequency once it “hits” 0Hz (unlike standard VCOs that asymptotically approach 0Hz but ‘never get there'.) This makes it possible to create FM timbres that would be impossible with traditional VCO's.
Audio Demo:
This track features sounds from an E370 prototype, multi-tracked in Ableton Live. Reverb and mastering effects added:
Here are previews of the planned module, featuring early prototypes:
Pricing and Availability
The E370 Quad Morphing VCO is available to project backers for US $879, with an expected delivery target of Nov 2017.
SINCE ALL MY SONGS ARE DOWN THE LIL PUMP TAPE IS DROPPING THIS MONTH ESSKEETIT — Lil pump (@Lilpumpjetskiii) April 6, 2017
It's happening. The long-awaited Pump tape drops this month. Not much is known about the tape or what to expect from it, but word on the street is that it'll feature some top-quality features from many leading-rappers in the underground scene…but now that I think about it, is the 16 year-old, XXL nominated, 1+ million plays on every song musician still “underground?”
We'll see how this tape plays out, all we know is we can expect some solid club-bangers (venue-poppers?) and some great memes with this upcoming production from the trapper of the century.
If you haven't heard of Lil Pump yet, it's about time you did some Googling.
The winner of the 2017 Emerging Talent Award at Cartoon Crossroads Columbus (CxC) is Kat Fajardo, creator of comics such as Gringa! and the Bandida series. The award was presented to Fajardo on the show floor by festival president Jeff Smith, executive director Tom Spurgeon, and treasurer Vijaya Iyer. Fajardo joins past winners Kevin Czap and Katie Skelly as the Emerging Talent Award winner at the festival's third year.
We spoke briefly to Fajardo at their table shortly after winning the award on Saturday. Though they were already sold out of comics, like many artists at the show this year, they were helping to raise money for hurricane victims with commissions. They also had a sign-up sheet for the La Raza Anthology, which raised more than $13,000 for its Kickstarter launch in 2016. Fajardo revealed that they had just received the printed copies of the book.
Fajardo told us that winning the prize was “very overwhelming. People took photos of what was happening, but in most of them I'm just crying and trying to keep my tears back. It's been very satisfying.”
“I have some mini-comics lined up, sequels to my older mini-comics and zines,” Fajardo said when asked what they planned to do with the award's accompanying $7,500 prize. “I plan on printing some copies out, in addition to donating part of it to hurricane and earthquake relief.”
Find out more about Kat Fajardo's work at their website, and keep up with the La Raza Anthology at its Tumblr. You can pick up some of their work digitally, including the La Raza Anthology and Gringa!, at Gumroad.
About Jude Terror A prophecy says that in the comic book industry's darkest days, a hero will come to lead the people through a plague of overpriced floppies, incentive variant covers, #1 issue reboots, and super-mega-crossover events. Scourge of Rich Johnston, maker of puns, and seeker of the Snyder Cut, Jude Terror, sadly, is not the hero comics needs right now... but he's the one the industry deserves.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Image copyright Reuters
UK cereal firm Weetabix is to be bought by US firm Post Holdings for $1.8bn (£1.4bn), its owner has confirmed.
Weetabix - made in the UK since 1932 - was put up for sale in January by China's Bright Food, which bought a 60% stake in 2012.
Bright's acquisition was the largest by a Chinese firm at the time, but it is believed to have struggled to build significant market share in China.
Chinese consumers prefer a hot, rice-based breakfast to cold cereal.
While Weetabix doubled sales in China in 2016, the UK still accounts for the majority of its sales.
A spokesperson for Bright Food, Pan Jianjun, said the sale of Weetabix did not mean the firm was abandoning its global ambitions.
"Going forward, Bright will stick to our overseas push," they said.
'Continued expansion'
Northamptonshire-based Weetabix, which has a royal warrant, was family-owned until 2004, when it was bought by private equity firm Lion Capital. Its main factory in Kettering produces three billion Weetabix biscuits every year.
It is the largest producer of breakfast cereals in the UK and employs about 2,000 people.
Its products are exported to 80 countries, while it also has factories in Europe, east Africa and North America.
Under the new ownership, Sally Abbott, currently director of marketing at Weetabix, will become managing director of Weetabix UK and Ireland.
The current chief executive, Giles Turrell, will move to become the firm's chairperson.
In a statement, Mr Turrell said: "Post is a leader within its markets and shares our commitment to providing great tasting nutritious products for the whole family. I'm confident they will help us open doors for continued expansion."
Strong dollar
Post Holdings is the third-largest cereal firm in the US and owns brands including Great Grains, Golden Crisp and Cocoa Pebbles.
Some of the world's biggest names in food, including the UK's Associated British Foods and Italy's Barilla, had been named as possible suitors for Weetabix.
"Weetabix has struggled to crack the Chinese market, so it is no surprise to see Bright Food selling up," said George Salmon, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown.
"It's also unsurprising to see one of the UK's biggest cereal brands remain in foreign ownership, due to the pound's weakness.
"UK-listed Associated British Foods was rumoured to have been interested in a deal, but any domestic buyers would have had to overcome the headwind of the pound's reduced buying power.
"In contrast, the dollar's recent strength has helped the successful bidder, US consumer group Post Holdings."
'Star Wars' Anakin Skywalker Arrested After Crazy Car Chase
'Star Wars' Anakin Skywalker Star Jake Lloyd -- Arrested After Crazy Car Chase
EXCLUSIVE
Jake Lloyd, the actor who played the young Anakin Skywalker in "Star Wars: The Phantom Menace," was arrested, TMZ has learned, after an insane car chase that ended when Jake plowed into some trees.
Cops say Lloyd was driving in Charleston, South Carolina, when Sheriff's deputies began pursuing him. The chase was underway and it went on for miles, into another county.
Deputies say Jake began passing cars on the double yellow line and began driving recklessly, at high speeds.
Cops say eventually Jake lost control of their car, which ran off the road, through a fence and into a wooded area where it struck several trees.
The 26-year-old who also starred in "Jingle All the Way" was arrested for reckless driving, failure to stop, resisting arrest and driving without a license.
He's currently in custody.
0 Jacksonville mother upset after child taught NRA-affiliated gun safety program at elementary school
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - A Jacksonville mom is upset that their child was taught about guns without their permission.
The woman's child is a student at Mandarin Oaks Elementary. They said gun safety is a topic that's sensitive in their household and has their 7-year-old pushing back on their parenting.
The lesson was part of a program called Eddie Eagle, which focuses on gun safety.
Story: 11-year-old cheerleaders suspended from team for viral photo
It was created by the National Rifle Association. Resource officers present Eddie Eagle lessons to children.
Duval County Public Schools said parents are usually notified before the lesson is taught and have the option to opt out.
"They've just undone seven years of parenting in one hour,” the mother, who didn't want to be identified, said.
They said they teach their 7-year-old that all guns are bad. They said their son came home with a pamphlet that said otherwise.
“'Mommy, you're wrong. Toy guns are OK. See, guns are OK, mom. See? It says so right here,” the mother said their son told them
The mother also doesn't like that the gun lesson was designed by the NRA. They called it propaganda.
“It sends a message that Duval is NRA-affiliated,” they said.
They sent Superintendent of Duval County Schools Dr. Nikolai Vitti a message about their concern.
They said parents should have gotten a letter giving them the option to opt out of the lesson.
They also said although the program was created by the NRA, its development was guided by education, public safety and child development specialists.
Read their full response:
Thank you for sharing your concerns with me regarding a safety program that the district has been successfully using for more than 20 years in our elementary grades. As a parent, I very much appreciate your advocacy and respect the parenting positions that you expressed in your email. Your partnership is an important part of ensuring a quality educational experience not only for your child, but for all children. I agree that the topic of firearms is a sensitive issue, and that the public school system needs to understand that there are multiple viewpoints held by parents when educating students. That is why we aim to keep the message easy to understand and without a discussion on gun ownership, use, or other personal perspectives around firearms. It is true that the National Rifle Association is part of the consortium that developed the Eddie Eagle program through its outreach office, but its development was guided by specialists in education, public safety, public health, and child development. This curriculum is not intended to assume your authority to guide your child's moral development. Please know that I take nothing more seriously than keeping students safe when they are with us at school, and I hope the messages we provide will help keep them safe when they are away from our classrooms. The program is about gun safety. Information that many students are unaware of and could save their lives. Like any safety program, we are most concerned that the content and the message is something that the student can understand and ultimately remember should they or they ever be faced with a threatening situation. Our choice of Eddie Eagle is based on its use of colorful and animated characters that a second grader can respond to, and content that is embedded in music to make the learning fun and engaging. The Eddie Eagle program, with its simple message of “Stop!; Don't Touch; Run Away; and Tell A Grown-up,” along with its brief video and catchy song helps to bring alive an important message without intimidating the children. When the Eddie Eagle program is delivered in schools, the district uses an “opt out” letter to parents. It was discovered by staff that this did not happen for your child's classroom, hence your surprise and frustration with not even having the opportunity to ask questions or review the curriculum. Moving forward, we will ensure this consistently occurs."
Laureen Ricks, a DCPS spokesperson, also provided a statement:
The Eddie Eagle Gun Safety Program was chosen because its gun-safety message is packaged in an engaging and easily-relatable presentation that resonates with students. This is key because the safety of our students is one of our highest priorities. The program does not contain any messaging about gun ownership, use of firearms, endorsements, or political perspectives. Please note this is a voluntary presentation and parents may choose to opt their child out of participating. ‎Too many children grow up not being exposed to gun safety."
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Dan Rafael explains why Daniel Jacobs is unable to win the IBF title against Gennady Golovkin due to not participating in a weight check on Saturday morning. (1:37)
NEW YORK -- Daniel Jacobs declined to participate in the mandatory IBF weight check Saturday morning, meaning they are ineligible to win that belt when they fight unified middleweight titleholder Gennady Golovkin on Saturday night at Madison Square Garden.
"Golovkin is defending their IBF title, however, Jacobs cannot acquire the title with a victory because they did not participate in the required IBF same-day weigh-in," IBF championships chairperson Lindsey Tucker said.
Golovkin (36-0, 33 KOs), who holds the IBF, WBC and WBA 160-pound world titles, participated in the weight check at a Manhattan hotel serving as the fight headquarters and weighed 169.6 pounds, just inside the allowable limit of 170.
Editor's Picks Golovkin vs. Jacobs, a KO waiting to happen When Gennady Golovkin and Daniel Jacobs, the world's two best middleweights, square off on Saturday night, one thing is almost guaranteed: Someone is getting knocked out.
Unlike the other sanctioning organizations, the IBF requires fighters participating in title fights to participate in a weight check the morning of the fight at which they cannot be more than 10 pounds heavier than the weight limit of the fight. The other organizations have no weight limit following the official athletic commission weigh-in the day before the bout.
At Friday's official weigh-in, Golovkin was 159.6 pounds and Daniel Jacobs was 159.8 pounds. However, Jacobs (32-1, 29 KOs), owner of the WBA's secondary title and Golovkin's mandatory challenger, is a naturally bigger man and apparently made the decision not to constrain themselves following the weigh-in, which will allow them to rehydrate and be stronger on fight night (HBO PPV, 9 ET).
When the fight was made, Jacobs committed to fighting for all of Golovkin's belts. By ditching the IBF challenge, Jacobs will save themselves the sanctioning fee that will go with the IBF, which might prove to be a wise decision because Golovkin is a heavy favorite to win.
The Golovkin camp didn't seem to care about Jacobs' decision.
"Gennady is very excited to defend all of their titles against Daniel Jacobs in this matchup of the two best middleweights in the world," said K2 Promotions managing director Tom Loeffler.
Fans of the Lord of the Rings know that the series transcends the books and movies that gave rise to it. Many of us grew up with the books, and then movies have taken our imaginations and amplified them to untold proportions. We laugh at the occasional reference in pop culture — like a Hobbit-inspired safety video — but it's still special when you see it referenced somewhere unexpected. An unused file in the OS X calendar has revealed the remnants of a great Easter egg, calendar dates for important points in Lord of The Rings.
If you head to a terminal in OSX and type in cat /usr/share/calendar/calendar.lotr or take a look at the file on Apple's Open Source website you'll see a file that lists dates for all sorts of events in the Lord of the Rings books, each listed in a single line as if the creator expected it to be readable at a glance in the actual OS X calendar.
The file contains $FreeBSD: src/usr.bin/calendar/calendars/calendar.lotr,v 1.2 2003/10/09 which likely means that this showed up right around the time that OS 10.3 was released, not to mention the release of The Return of the King to theaters. What's really impressive is that it remained undiscovered until recently.
Given that we're now weeks away from the release of The Hobbit, the timing for the discovery of this particular Easter egg is nothing short of uncanny. Some of the points the the calendar actually come from The Hobbit, like the “Death of Smaug” and “Bilbo rescued from Wargs by Eagles” entries. It's always great to know that developers are able to sneak fun things like this into our day-to-day lives and have us not be aware of it for years, while other Easter eggs are discovered just hours after they are released.
via MacObserver
USA300 is a hypervirulent, community-acquired, multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus clone that started to spread in the United States around 17 years ago. Many studies detected it also in South America, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region. In this study, we show that USA300 is also circulating in sub-Saharan Africa. Locating the temporal and spatial origin of clonal lineages is important with respect to epidemiology and molecular evolution of pathogens. We show that USA300 evolved from a less virulent and less resistant ancestor circulating in Central Europe around 160 years ago. Constant surveillance of pathogen transmission routes is vital to prevent and control potential outbreaks. Whole genome sequencing proved to be a useful tool for epidemiological surveillance.
Abstract
USA300 is a pandemic clonal lineage of hypervirulent, community-acquired, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA) with specific molecular characteristics. Despite its high clinical relevance, the evolutionary origin of USA300 remained unclear. We used comparative genomics of 224 temporal and spatial diverse S. aureus isolates of multilocus sequence type (ST) 8 to reconstruct the molecular evolution and global dissemination of ST8, including USA300. Analyses of core SNP diversity and accessory genome variations showed that the ancestor of all ST8 S. aureus most likely emerged in Central Europe in the mid-19th century. From here, ST8 was exported to North America in the early 20th century and progressively acquired the USA300 characteristics Panton–Valentine leukocidin (PVL), SCCmec IVa, the arginine catabolic mobile element (ACME), and a specific mutation in capsular polysaccharide gene cap5E. Although the PVL-encoding phage ϕSa2USA was introduced into the ST8 background only once, various SCCmec types were introduced to ST8 at different times and places. Starting from North America, USA300 spread globally, including Africa. African USA300 isolates have aberrant spa-types (t112, t121) and form a monophyletic group within the clade of North American USA300. Large parts of ST8 methicillin-susceptible S. aureus (MSSA) isolated in Africa represent a symplesiomorphic group of ST8 (i.e., a group representing the characteristics of the ancestor), which are rarely found in other world regions. Isolates previously discussed as USA300 ancestors, including USA500 and a “historic” CA-MRSA from Western Australia, were shown to be only distantly related to recent USA300 clones.
by Chris Rossini Economic Policy Journal
Recently by Chris Rossini: The U.S. Has Perfected Good Cop / BadCop
There's much more to the “date which will live in infamy” than the U.S. Dept. of Education would like to you know about.
Along with Lincoln, one of the most exalted Presidents in the land of the free is FDR. Is there a town in this country that doesn't have a street named after either of them?
According to the Dept. of Education, FDR not only had the messianic task of saving all of us from the ravages of “capitalism”, but they had the added burden of dealing with a “surprise” attack from a bunch of crazy Japanese people.
It's during those trying times that the greatness of an FDR is needed.
Give them three terms if necessary!
Let's now close the schoolbooks, turn off PBS and The History Channel, and come back to reality.
Murray Rothbard, in their amazing work America's Great Depression, crushed the first part of the fairy tale into a fine powder.
The Federal Reserve created the boom/bust of the 1920's, and the Hoover/FDR tag team turned, what should have been a short downturn, into a tortuous and long “Great” one. Hoover got the ball rolling. They said: “We might have done nothing. That would have been utter ruin. Instead we met the situation with proposals to private business and to Congress of the most gigantic program of economic defense and counterattack ever involved in the history of the Republic.” FDR, then took over the grand experiment from the “laissez-faire” Hoover and…well, you know the rest.
The second part of the FDR fairy tale was recently addressed in a great talk given by Robert Higgs. I highly recommend that you listen to the whole thing, but I transcribed a few excerpts below.
Tuck them away for the next time that you're debating a worshipper of one of America's “Great” Presidents.
Here's Robert Higgs:
Consider these summary statements by George Victor. And, by the way, George Victor is by no means a Roosevelt basher. It's the other way around. They greatly admire Roosevelt and entirely approves of the actions Roosevelt took to bring the United States into the war. So that's why I think they make a good source for my purposes. You know they didn't set out to provide grist for my mill.
They have a very nice book out called The Pearl Harbor Myth, which I believe is completely honest and well done in its documentation. I'm going to read a long excerpt from that book by George Victor: “Roosevelt had already leaded the United States into war with Germany in the spring of 1941; into a shooting war on a small scale. From then on, they gradually increased U.S. military participation. Japan's attack on December 7th enabled them to increase it further and to obtain a war declaration.
Pearl Harbor is more fully accounted for as the end of a long chain of events, with the U.S. contribution reflecting a strategy formulated after France fell in the spring of 1941. In the eyes of Roosevelt and their advisors, the measures taken early in 1941 justified a German declaration of war on the United States; a declaration that did not come, to their disappointment.
Roosevelt told their Ambassador to France, William Bullet, that U.S. entry into war with Germany was certain, but must wait for an incident, which they were confident the Germans would give us. Establishing a record in which the enemy fired the first shot was a theme that ran through Roosevelt's tactics.
They seem, eventually to have concluded, correctly as it turned out, that Japan would be easier to provoke into a major attack on the United States than Germany would be.
The claim that Japan attacked the United States without provocation was typical rhetoric. It worked because the public did not know that the administration had expected Japan to respond with war; to anti-Japanese measures it had taken in July 1941. Expecting to lose a war with the United States, and lose it disastrously, Japan's leaders had tried with growing desperation to negotiate. On this point, most historians had long agreed.
Meanwhile evidence has come out that Roosevelt and Hull persistently refused to negotiate. Japan offered compromises and concessions, which the United States countered with increasing demands. It was after learning of Japan's decision to go to war with the United States, if the talks “break down” that Roosevelt decided to break them off.
According to Attorney General, Francis Biddle, Roosevelt said they hoped for an incident in the Pacific to bring the United States into the European war.” These facts, and numerous others that point in the same direction, are for the most part anything but new. Many of them have been available to the public since the 1940's. As early as 1953, anyone might have read a collection of heavily documented essays on various aspects of U.S. foreign policy in the late 1930's and early 1940's, edited by Harry Elmer Barnes, that showed the numerous ways in which the U.S. government bore responsibility for the country's eventual engagement in World War II. It showed, in short, that the Roosevelt administration wanted to get the country into the war and worked craftily, along various avenues, to ensure that sooner or later it would get in; preferably in a way that would unite public opinion behind the war, by making the United States appear to have been the victim of an aggressor's unprovoked attack.
As Secretary of War, Henry Stimson, testified after the war: “We needed the Japanese to commit the first overt act.” At present, however, 70 years after these events. Probably not 1 American in 1,000; maybe not 1 in 10,000 has an inkling of any of this history. So effective has been the pro-Roosevelt, pro-American, pro-World War II faction, that in this country it has utterly dominated teaching and popular writing about U.S. engagement in the so-called “Good War”…
American leaders knew, among many other things, what Foreign Minister Toyota had communicated to Ambassador Nomura on July 31st. I read from that message: “Commercial and economic relations between Japan and third countries, led by England and the United States, are gradually becoming so horribly strained that we cannot endure it much longer. Consequently, our Empire, to save its very life, must take measures to secure the raw materials of the South Seas.”
This was a message U.S. leaders read as of the end of July 1941. They knew the position Japan was in perfectly well. Because American cryptographers had also broken the Japanese naval code, the leaders in Washington also knew that Japan's measures would include an attack on Pearl Harbor. Yet, they withheld this critical information from the Commanders in Hawaii, who might have headed off the attack or prepared themselves better to defend against it. That Roosevelt and their chieftains did not ring the toxin, makes perfect sense. After all, the impending attack constituted precisely what they had been seeking for a long time.
As Stimson confided to their diary, after a meeting with the War Cabinet on November 25th 1941:
“The question was how we should maneuver them into firing the first shot without allowing too much danger to ourselves.” After the attack occurred, Stimson confessed that: “My first feeling was of relief, that a crisis had come in a way which would unite all our people.” “It has been the policy of the cabinet at almost all cost to avoid embroilment with Japan until we were sure that the United States would also be engaged.” ~ Winston Churchill to The British House of Commons on Jan. 27, 1942
Reprinted with permission from Economic Policy Journal.
2012 Economic Policy Journal
The Best of Chris Rossini
A chain of block erupters used for bitcoin mining. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
CARACAS, Venezuela — Venezuela has become widely known as an economic basket case in recent years. But with its cheap electricity and volatile national currency, the country has at least one competitive advantage: It's a good place to make the digital cash known as bitcoin.
Bitcoins are increasingly accepted online for buying real-world goods and services. And, unlike the Venezuelan bolivar, the virtual currency has been going up in value.
Making bitcoins is known as “mining,” but it requires a powerful computer instead of a pick and shovel. Those computers produce bitcoins by creating elaborate algorithms, but they also suck up a lot of electricity. In many countries, the cost of running a “mining terminal” can run higher than the value of the actual bitcoins.
That's not the case in cash-poor, oil-rich Venezuela, where state-subsidized electricity is so cheap it's virtually free. But Venezuela's government isn't pleased. It's cracking down on bitcoin mining, even though the country has no laws on the books outlawing the currency or its manufacture.
In November, Venezuela's secret police raided the house of two brothers in Caracas and found more than 90 mining terminals. The agents demanded $1,000 in bribes for each machine, according to the brothers, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they fear arrest. The brothers said they paid the bribes to stay in business.
This isn't an isolated case — and such operations appear to be expanding. In January, Venezuelan federal police arrested four bitcoin miners in the town of Charallave. They were accused of Internet fraud and electricity theft. According to an Instagram post published by Douglas Rico, the director of the federal police agency CICPC, the miners were endangering the stability of the town's electrical service. During that same week, Edward and Erick Tapia Salas were also arrested in Caracas for selling bitcoin-mining machines through a Venezuelan e-commerce site.
Miners have taken to websites such as Reddit to share their fears of being caught. “Miners are getting jailed and accused of terrorism, money laundering, computer crimes and many other crimes,” read one comment from a user who claimed to be Venezuelan. “It's getting crazy here and I really don't want to waste my life for money.”
Those who keep mining in Venezuela said they have started taking extreme precautions to hide their activities. Luis León, 25, a business student and bitcoin miner, said miners have learned not to keep all of their computers in one place. If they do, the state power corporation can detect the abnormal amount of electricity the mining terminals use.
“That was [the brothers'] big mistake,” León said. “They were consuming 20 times the normal level of electricity for that house.”
Venezuela's crackdown on the bitcoin industry started in March 2016 with the arrest of two miners in the city of Valencia. According to news accounts of their arrest, Joel Padrón, 31, and José Perales, 46, were charged with electricity theft and possessing contraband computers.
But miners and bitcoin users are not the only ones at risk. When Padrón and Perales were detained, Daniel Arraez, a 30-year-old economist who was working as a consultant for a Venezuelan bitcoin market called Surbitcoin, was called by the secret police to testify in their case. Padrón had told the agents that they and Perales had exchanged money through Surbitcoin.
Arraez was asked to come to the secret police offices in Valencia. “To my surprise, I never returned home,” they said. They were placed in the same cell with Padrón and Perales and charged with making illegal transactions and criminal association.
Arraez said their arrest was a way for the government to blame someone else for its ruinous policies, including chronic mismanagement of public utilities. “We were only the scapegoats of the disastrous situation in the country's electricity sector,” they said.
After eight months in jail, Arraez was released in October. He's awaiting a pretrial hearing. Despite having to share a small cell with eight other men and seeing the sunlight only twice a week, they said Venezuelan miners should keep making bitcoins to “advance technologically like other countries.”
The crackdown has not stopped Venezuelans from using the currency, either. The continued decline of the Venezuelan bolivar has fueled a growing internal demand for bitcoins. According to Surbitcoin, the number of bitcoin users in the country rose from 450 in 2014 to 85,000 last year.
In a country with the world's highest inflation rate and strict controls on currency exchange, users see bitcoins as a safe alternative to protect their savings. People have also used bitcoins to buy basic products online that have disappeared from Venezuelan shelves.
But the widespread adoption of the currency seems unlikely any time soon: nearly one-third of the population doesn't even have a bank account.
Read more:
Thousands march against Maduro government in Venezuela as crisis deepens
Venezuela's currency is so devalued it no longer fits in ordinary wallets
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.”
― Thich Nhat Hanh
Leo Durocher once remarked: “Nice guys finish last.” Do nice people really finish last? Sometimes. It depends on the type of "nice" one exudes. Some nice people command appreciation and respect, while others are used and abused. If you consider yourself a "nice" person, which type are you?
Here's a quick self-assessment quiz:
Do you have a hard time saying “no” to others' requests, even when they're unreasonable?
Do you often find yourself under-appreciated and taken for granted?
Do you believe you're being taken advantage of at work or in your personal ?
Do you let people give you thankless tasks they don't want to do themselves?
Do you often go along with what others say and want, even if you feel differently deep down?
Do your kindness and self-giving often go unreciprocated?
Are you afraid of being rejected if you don't go along with certain people's whims and demands?
Do you take care of others first and yourself last?
If you answered “yes” to any of the questions above, you could be too nice, at least in certain areas of your life.
For an informative analysis of the “nice” type, click here and download a free excerpt of my publication “Communication Success with Four Personality Types.”
To be sure, there's nothing inherently wrong with being nice. The world is a better place with more kind hearted and generous people. At the same time, it's important to be nice in a way that's healthy for everyone involved (especially you), so that you're not consistently holding the short end of the stick. Below are seven keys to gaining appreciation and respect.
1. Practice Self-Respect ― Know Your Individual Rights
Many researchers (Lefcourt, Ng et al.) state that having a sense of internal locus of control over our own lives is one of the important conditions for mental . A healthy sense of control comes from exercising your right to set your own priorities, say “no” without feeling , protect yourself from harm, choose healthy relationships, get what you pay for, and create your own in life. At times, it's simply wiser to take good care of yourself first, so you can in turn be better (and truer) with others. If your life is your own to choose, then with each moment you have the power to make a good decision. No one can take this power away from you unless you allow it. Know your individual rights, and practice self-respect.
2. Change Your Attitude About Having To Be Nice All The Time
“The difference is too nice - Where ends the virtue or begins the vice.”
― Alexander Pope
There's a big difference between being nice because you want to, versus being nice because you have to. The first comes from your heart, while the second feels like a burden. “Nice” people often associate not doing something for someone with erroneous negative thoughts and emotions. For example:
Negative Thought #1: “I'm selfish if you don't help my all the time. “
Negative Emotion #1: Guilt
Negative Thought #2: “She won't like me if I don't go along with what they want. “
Negative Emotions #2: of rejection, fear of negative outcome.
For “nice” people, it's important to know that no one should be expected to be nice all the time. It's neither reasonable nor real. If negative thoughts and emotions arise as a result of you being selective about your niceness, simply talk back to them with self-confirming responses:
Self-Confirmation #1: “If I allow myself my own time, I can take better care of myself as well as others.”
Self-Confirmation #2: “If I treat myself with respect, I will attract more respectful relationships in my life.”
Whenever reasonable and appropriate, practice self-confirmation when you feel obligated to be nice. Each time you do so, you remind yourself that YOU ARE IMPORTANT TOO.
For more information on reducing or eliminating over fifteen types of negative attitudes and feelings, see my book (click on title): "How to Let Go of Negative Thoughts and Emotions.”
3. Distinguish Being Kind To People From Having To Do Things For Them
There are two ways to be nice: Being friendly and courteous to people, and doing things for them. We can practice the first with just about everyone, as long as they don't violate our boundaries. As the saying goes, “A smile costs nothing but gives much.” While we're courteous with people, we can at the same time be selective about what we want or don't want to do for them. In communication we call this being soft on the person, and firm on the issue. Steve Jobs reminds us: “Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.” Distinguish being kind to people from having to do things for them. Choose your giving wisely.
4. Don't Try To Please Everyone, And Don't Try To Please Any One Person All The Time
No one can please everyone all the time, so please don't even try. People who receive your thankless and unreciprocated giving on a regular basis are also more likely to take it for granted. There's power that comes with exercising your right to set boundaries and say “no.” While there are many ways you can say “no” diplomatically (see tip #5 below), you're saying “no” nonetheless. With my private to clients , I often remind them that it's more important to be respected than to be liked. Nice people often don't get the respect they deserve, while those who are respected have the luxury to be nice. Again, there's power in saying “no” and setting your own priorities. Gain respect first, so that your , when you do offer it, is truly appreciated.
“At home I am a nice guy: but I don't want the world to know. Humble people, I've found, don't get very far.”
― Muhammad Ali
5. Know How To Say “No” ― Gently But Firmly
To be able to say “no” gently but firmly is to practice the art of communication. Effectively articulated, it allows you to stand your ground while keeping the peace. In my book (click on title) “Are You Too Nice? How to Gain Appreciation and Respect,” I review seven different ways you can say “no,” to help lower resistance and keep the peace.
“It's only by saying no that you can concentrate on the things that are really important.”
― Steve Jobs
6. Know That You're Not Responsible For Other People's Feelings
Sometimes we feel obligated to do things for others because we don't want them to feel bad, even when it's unreasonable for us to go out of our way. We may be so concerned about how others might react if they don't get what they want us to submerge our own feelings to theirs. When done repeatedly, this facilitates a co-dependent relationship where other people's happiness becomes your responsibility and burden.
In these situations, it's important to remember that as long as we're being fair, reasonable and , we're not responsible for other people's feelings. If you deny their unreasonable requests and they don't like it, so be it. They'll get over it. In the meantime, you're teaching them how you'd like to be treated - with more consideration and respect.
7. Know That For Those Who Take You For Granted, Less Is More
The economy runs on the law of supply demand: the more something is available in abundance, the fewer values it has. The same rule applies to the economy of human relations. In the presence of ungrateful people, the more you give to them, the less they appreciate what you offer. Why should they value you when their taking is so easy, and your giving seems so inexhaustible?
When appropriate, you may do yourself a big service by off or limiting your giving to ungrateful people, and setting standards for your generosity (which may include values such as mutual respect, consideration, appreciation, and reciprocation). If they give you a hard time about it, stand your ground and utilize the tips offered in this article. Remember that you alone hold the power in deciding whether you want to be nice or not. Don't' give that power away so easily. For those who cannot accept that you'll no longer cater to their every whim, you lose little by ending your thankless service. For those who begin to show more appreciation, you now have a healthier relationship.
“Some people don't appreciate what they have until it's gone.”
― Common saying
In conclusion, there's absolutely nothing wrong with offering your generosity and kindness to those in need, or to the well deserving, or just because you have a big heart. Compassion makes the world a better place. At the same time, it's healthy and to be a good person who also knows how to set appropriate boundaries. Nice people deserve the same love, appreciation, and respect they give to others, which can only be had when one begins to love, appreciate, and respect oneself. It is in affirming these values that you begin to find your own , and discover your true voice. YOU DESERVE NOTHING LESS.
For more tips on assertive and empowering communication, see my books (click on titles): “Are You Too Nice? How to Gain Appreciation and Respect”, “How to Communicate Effectively and Handle Difficult People”.
Source: nipreston.com
Source: nipreston.com
Follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn!
Preston Ni, M.S.B.A. is available as a presenter, workshop facilitator, and private coach. For more information, write to commsuccess@nipreston.com, or visit www.nipreston.com.
© 2013 by Preston C. Ni. All rights reserved worldwide. Copyright violation may subject the violator to legal prosecution.
__________________________________________________________________________________
References
Adler, Ronald & Proctor II, Russell. Looking Out, Looking In
Carr-Ruffino, Norma. The Promotable Woman
Lefcourt, Herbert. Locus of Control: Current Trends in Theory and Research
Mader, Thomas. One Another: Communicating Interpersonally
Ng, Thomas. Locus Of Control at Work: A Meta-Analysis
Ni, Preston. Communication Success with Four Personality Types
Ni, Preston. How to Communicate Effectively and Handle Difficult People
Santrock, John. Life-Span Development
___________________________________________________________________________
In a shock announcement Saturday evening, Tales of the Cocktail co-founders Ann and Paul Tuennerman resigned from their roles with the company that produces the annual festival. The announcement came after 24 hours of backlash in the wake of Neat Pour's revelation that Ann Tuennerman had reinstated Paul Tuennerman to the Company's leadership on Thursday, causing outrage and resignations from the Tales Diversity Council.
The statement explained that current Director of Operations Melissa Young will be assuming an unspecified leadership role at MOJO911 LLC, the company owned by the Tuennermans that also produces the annual Tales event. Ann and Paul would be “transitioning away” from their current roles. No additional specifics concerning new roles or specific titles were supplied. Melissa Young is traveling to Europe and could not be reached for comment.
So far it is unclear if ownership stake in MOJO911 LLC has changed. It is assumed the Tuennermans still retain full ownership of the company behind Tales, as Ann had disclosed that Paul had retained their 50% ownership stake in MOJO911 LLC even during their seven months away from the company after their initial resignation in March 2017.
After Neat Pour‘s story about Paul Tuennerman's reinstatement was published, social media erupted. Likes, comments, and shares, most of them critical, swelled. By Saturday afternoon, rumors about sponsors withdrawing began to swirl.
“We have devoted our professional careers to the hospitality industry even before the formation of Tales of the Cocktail and the New Orleans Culinary and Cultural Preservation Society,” stated Ann Tuennerman in the release. “Our goal has always been to create something lasting that can benefit the industry and the people of New Orleans well beyond our years. This allows that to continue.”
The issues began with outcry over the behavior of the husband and wife owners of the Tales organization earlier this year. The Tuennermans wore black face as part of a Mardi Gras parade tradition, and Paul made racially insensitive remarks on social media just a few months before their annual summer cocktail festival. The fallout was swift, with Paul Tuennerman resigning, and Ann Tuennerman doing damage control to resuscitate Tales of the Cocktail‘s reputation and relationships with large corporate sponsors.
After the controversy, many minority members of the bar community reached out to Tales in an attempt to create some positive impact from the founders' mistakes. Ideas and programs were proposed to do more to educate and communicate to the bar community ways it can be more inclusive of minority voices and needs, resulting in the creation of the Diversity Council. However, after Ann announced Paul's return to Tales, Council Co-chair Colin Asare-appiah resigned in protest and other Council members told Neat Pour that they intended to follow suit.
This story will be updated with additional information from parties involved.
First you wage a revolutionary guerrilla war against Israel, then get trained up by Iranians and expand into a fully-fledged political group. You throw your weight around Lebanon with guns, invoke Allah a lot and end up with seats in Parliament. After having another fight with Israel, you tone down your revolutionary stance and decide to enter into a coalition with your enemies, but just when it seems like you've got it all, it turns out you watered down your message too much and the kids in Beirut are now more into skateboarding and Nando's than jihads and juntas. Typical. It's a tough situation – how are you gonna get back to fostering hate at the rate you've become accustomed to?
Well, congratulations to the head of Hezbollah's marketing department for making Shi'a Islam cool again: the Middle East's most loved terrorist wing have opened a waxwork museum!
While Disneyland sells itself as the 'The Happiest Place On Earth!' and Alton Towers goes with 'The Fun Never Stops!', Hezbollah's Resistance Park, up on a hill in Southern Lebanon, greets visitors with the promise that 'Israel Is Weaker Than A Spider's Web!'
Built on the remains of a former Israeli settlement, the centerpiece of the $4 million park is a large diorama constructed from bombed-out remains of Israeli tanks, flanked with mannequins of dead soldiers. You've got to give them props for their efficiency: the war ended in 2006, and four years later they're opening a museum to commemorate it.
When you arrive you're ushered into this theater where you watch a video of Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah pointing and shouting a lot in Arabic, predicting the imminent onset of World War III. There are no height restrictions on this activity and the kids love it.
Next, you take a walk through the real mountaintop forest 50km from the Israeli border where Hezbollah guerrillas waged their holy war. All the weaponry on display is real, so the painfully post-modern possibility of a real-life military coup taking place in a mock-up of a military coup could one day come to fruition. Strewn soldiers' helmets containing real human hair, worn-in soldiers' boots and burnt up clothing bearing Hebrew inscriptions litter the environment. Which is pretty harrowing.
One of the rides at the theme park is this little interactive prayer mat placed where assassinated Hezbollah co-founder Sayed Abbas Musawi once sat. Making a prayer here is the equivalent of getting your picture taken with Mickey Mouse in front of Sleeping Beauty's Castle.
I'm certain that they don't know what this means. In fact, I think they'll be pretty pissed off once someone tells them.
Continued on page 2.
The park intends to expand over time to include a hotel, a swimming pool, a chairlift, and perhaps a 3D laser show that projects war stories in neon colors against the backdrop of the clouds while Hezbollah ground staff run around throwing confetti in the air.
It would probably be wiser, though, for them to spend any spare cash they have upgrading their House of Wax department. The 'Hall of Fame' section of Lebanon's Terror Tourism infrastructure features wax-a-kinda-likes of political favorites from around the world. After the tank battlefields and human remains, it's a little bit underwhelming.
Here's Egypt's Hosni Mubarak in better days, Saudi Arabia's Ibn Saud, and Palestinian homeboy Yasser Arafat – together at last. The lads look like they're all over at Ibn's place testing out their new home cinema system. Judging by their smile, Transformers 2 must look even better on a new plasma widescreen than even they could ever have imagined.
This is a waxwork of Saddam Hussein. It's so realistic that the only ways to tell it apart from the real Saddam is that the real Saddam is dead, and if they aren't dead he'd have ordered both their arms chopped off already for displaying so much subversive camp abandon.
There were also a bunch of 'world famous figures' that I could not discern for love nor money. Anyone wants to point out my ignorance by telling me who this angel-haired beauty is? I'd love to lure this pretty little miss down from their balcony.
Who's this now? Oh, it's you, you're holding that thing all wrong, Gorbachev!
Here's Madonna(?). You have to assume that the Kabbalah fan wouldn't be mega-hyped about appearing in a searingly anti-Jewish fun palace.
Bald Ben Stiller?
"Mr. Fawlty! Mr. Fawlty! The kitchen is on fire and the Netanyahus are coming over for dinner!" "Well for god's sakes don't mention the war!" "Que?!"
This model of former Iraqi Information Minister Mohammed Saeed "Comical Ali" al-Sahhaf was pretty good—its impressive animatronics moved their arm up and down. I don't know what information they were trying to communicate to us, but I'm certain it was important.
Fidel Castro with an empty chessboard being watched from afar by the Pope. Sounds like it should be a metaphor for something, but actually it's what's known in the museum curator biz as a “Just shove it anywhere.”
The Hall of Fame's final salvo brought together the world's fattest man and the world's smallest lunatic in front of a drawing of the Eiffel Tower. The jaunty waltz of the Parisian cafe accordions that were being pumped in through an ailing PA system made for a nice reminder that even when you're waging a revolutionary holy war against your sworn biblical enemies, there's always time for a little fun. Even Nasrallah knows you gotta take time out now and then for some light entertainment. Hezbollah are pretty fun guys after all.
WORDS: ALEX HOBAN
PICTURES: BØRRE LUDVIGSEN & LEAH CALDWELL
If you're doing something interesting in a place that isn't Shoreditch that might make for a good Atlas Hoods story, send pictures and info to alex.hoban@vice.com and we'll be in touch.
Previously in this series:
THE THIRD KOREA
BOTSWANA'S COWBOY METALHEADS
THE CROATIAN GRANDMA TATTOO CULT
TSUNAMI GROUND ZERO
VENEZUELA'S SKYSCRAPER SLUM
THE GANGSTER PREACHER
TRANSNISTRIA PART II: WEAPONS SMUGGLING AND YOUTH CULTS IN THE COUNTRY THAT DOESN'T EXIST
TRANSNISTRIA PART I: THE COUNTRY THAT DOESN'T EXIST
Guests: June Diane Raphael as Edie June Diane Raphael as Edie Guests: Casey WIlson as Louise Casey WIlson as Louise Guests: Steve Agee as Tommy Steve Agee as Tommy Guests: Zachary Knighton as Johnny Zachary Knighton as Johnny Guests: Adam Scott as Henry Adam Scott as Henry Guests: Laurie Metcalf as Flo Laurie Metcalf as Flo Guests: Jack McGee as Pink Jack McGee as Pink Guests: Mae Whitman as Woman #1 Mae Whitman as Woman #1 Guests: Jane Levy as Woman #2 Jane Levy as Woman #2 Guests: Nicole Byer as May/Sadie Nicole Byer as May/Sadie Guests: Hank Chen as Sammy Hank Chen as Sammy Guests: Jerry O'Connell as Jerry Jerry O'Connell as Jerry Guests: Paul Scheer as Sal/Mr. Johnston Paul Scheer as Sal/Mr. Johnston Guests: Sarah Baker as Woman's Voice/Dotsi Ann/Harriet Sarah Baker as Woman's Voice/Dotsi Ann/Harriet Guests: Eddie Frierson as Announcer/Stage Directions Eddie Frierson as Announcer/Stage Directions
In this episode of Dead Pilots Society, Ben Blacker and Andrew Reich interview June Diane Raphael (Grace & Frankie, Bride Wars) & Casey Wilson (Gone Girl, Happy Endings) regarding their dead pilot, The Housewives. You'll also listen to a never-before-heard live table read of The Housewives performed by some of today's funniest comedic actors like:
For more Dead Pilot Society episodes, please subscribe to the podcast! Make sure to like us on Facebook, follow us on Instagram , on Twitter, and visit our website at deadpilotssociety.com .
Rwanda has placed a German student with Ebola-like symptoms in isolation, and was waiting for test results checking for the deadly tropical disease, the health ministry has said.
"Samples from the suspected case have been sent for testing to an international accredited laboratory for approval, results will be available in 48 hours," the health ministry said in a statement.
The patient is the first to be tested in Rwanda since the outbreak in west Africa.
Minister of Health Agnes Binagwaho said the patient was a German medical student, who had recently spent time in Liberia.
They had a fever and malaria but for "100 per cent security" Rwanda had quarantined him, until test results - expected within two days - were back, they said.
Ebola has claimed nearly 1,000 lives in west Africa in the worst outbreak in four decades, prompting the World Health Organisation last week to declare the epidemic a global health emergency.
Like other nations across east Africa, Rwanda said it had put in place measures against the deadly virus.
"Surveillance systems and emergency management systems have been established," the health ministry said.
"Health workers have been trained across the country and are vigilant."
[This feature was published in the November 2013 edition of Develop magazine, which is available through your browser and on iPad]
BIO
Name: Scarlet Dangerfield
Title: HR Manager
Developer: CCP Games
www.ccpgames.com/jobs
What differentiates CCP Games from other developers?
Each of our five studio locations foster a unique environment, while still fitting cohesively within the whole of CCP and towards a shared vision of creating the highest calibre virtual worlds fuelled by ‘meaningful human interaction'.
Collectively they work with well-developed, cutting-edge technology, and yet enjoy relative autonomy within the global effort. We have employees from over 30 countries, speaking over 20 different languages, representing a truly international community, and we are growing.
CCP Shanghai, China: The home of the free-to-play PS3 first-person shooter Dust 514, housing 130 employees in a new office and looking for creative talent.
CCP Reykjavik, Iceland: Our corporate headquarters and the birthplace of Eve Online, situated next to the harbour with views of dramatic Icelandic mountains, water and the city. And it is within walking distance of a vibrant, yet cosy downtown.
CCP Newcastle, UK: A key technology centre for CCP and now home to development of the newly announced virtual-reality based space dogfighting game Eve: Valkyrie.
CCP Atlanta, Georgia, USA: Located inside the Atlanta perimeter in the progressive city of Decatur. America's top ‘Foodie City' boasts a great environment and a low cost of living.
CCP San Francisco, California, USA: CCP's main marketing hub is located here in beautiful San Fran, rubbing elbows with the world giants of tech.
How many staff members are you currently looking to take on?
CCP is currently hiring globally, in a variety of departments, from programming, to game design, marketing, production, human resources and art. You can check out the full list of our current needs at www.ccpgames.com/jobs.
What perks or privileges are available to staff at your studio?
For the last year, CCP has had an internal goal of focusing on developing our employees. We are in the process of deploying a training system to help our employees stay on top of the latest trends and technologies in their respective fields, along with growing in other fields of their interest.
This is in addition to some training initiatives that include teams being able to use 20 per cent of their time to explore special projects, and art teams bringing in models to encourage our staff to do on-site live drawings.
On top of that, CCP offers fantastic benefits packages that differ in each location. Some of the benefits include 16 holidays per year, unlimited vacation and sick leave, rich medical benefits, 401k (pension), an on-site cantina that provides free breakfast and lunch daily, global company-wide trips (we all recently flew out to Turkey in October), on-site gym, monthly barbeques, a childcare support benefit, flexible working hours, an on-site doctor and optional masseuse among all of the usual perks of working at a games company – like being able to play games during the day.
What should aspiring developers do with their CV to get to an interview?
It's pretty simple; just make sure your resumé highlights how you are a good fit for the opening you're applying for. Make sure to include any relevant experience, education, and awards.
Also make sure you include your most up-to-date code sample, writing sample or demo reel. Demos and samples get the most attention. Include not only work from previous companies, but also samples of work you do in your free time. It shows off your interests and the work that you would do when you are not being paid to. If it's in the theme of something we are working on that's even better.
Even if you're not looking for a new job, make sure your LinkedIn profile – and other social media – is up to date. Our recruiters are always checking out LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook for possible candidates.
Who is the best interviewee you have ever had?
The best interviewees are the ones that will go above and beyond the norm to show their interest in the position. Be it a cantina staff member that comes to an interview with a proposed menu along with baked snacks to surprise the staff, or a character artist that created a new demo for the interview that incorporates their vampire characters based off a Vampire: The Masquerade role-playing game.
These are the enthusiastic candidates that we get excited about and that get job offers. CCP is a home to people who are passionate about their work and the industry as a whole. Show us that passion alongside your talent.
And who was the worst?
At CCP we have a pretty intensive screening process, so most candidates we end up bringing on site are usually hired, resulting in few interview horror stories. I can say candidates that do not get job offers though are candidates that show up late, unprepared or not at all.
What advice would you give jobseekers for a successful interview?
Research, research, research. During the first step of HR screening, we start weeding candidates out that 1) are not a good fit with our culture; 2) do not know our products; and 3) do not know CCP. This will continue throughout the interview process with your potential teammates and then hiring manager. The best way to learn about CCP is by visiting our website.
If your studio has recruited talent internationally, what was the process like for your studio and for the applicant?
The recruitment process is essentially the same for international candidates as local candidates. They still go through the same rounds of tests and interviews. We do make sure to provide the international and
non-local candidates with plenty of information on the project and location from their first screening, just to ensure that they are aware of what they are getting into.
Why should developers join when indie and self-publishing have become so much more accessible?
We love and support indie development and self-publishing. CCP basically started that way and we've got a history of helping to kick-start things like the Oculus Rift and supporting Eve players in their software development efforts through our own API and more.
That having been said, CCP offers a chance to work on a particular type of game that's consistently at the top of the industry, whether it's Most Innovative Game at E3 2013 with Eve: Valkyrie (at the time it was even a tech demo) or PC Gamer's 12th-greatest PC Game of all time in Eve Online or Dust 514, which brings innovations to an entire console platform through its real-time interactions with Eve Online and microtransaction business model on the PlayStation 3. We make games as a service as well, meaning that, if anything, we plan on staffing up on each project over time like we did with Eve Online.
We think it's good to keep an indie vibe going though, and many of our structural and development decisions are made with that in mind. We are an independent developer ourselves and enjoy the autonomy that affords. It helps fuel our innovation when we can take some risks here and there.
To read our other Recruiter Hot Seat articles about studios looking to hire, visit our archive
The Chris Williams case against the Ticats is headed to arbitration next week, raising further questions as to whether he'll be a Ticat uniform this season.
The Ticat receiver is alleging the team failed to offer them the minimum contract of one-year plus an option when it signed them to a three-year deal in the fall of 2010 and that it knowingly dealt with a representative who wasn't certified by the CFL Player's Association.
If successful, Williams could be declared a free agent immediately. It is expected that they would then try and sign with an NFL team
At issue is a provision within the league's collective bargaining agreement that stipulates every player must be offered a minimum-term contract - one year plus a team-held option - even if the club is offering a longer-term contract. Williams is contending that they were not offered a minimum deal at the time they signed their CFL deal.
Williams also says the Ticats negotiated their initial contract with their NFL agent, Bryan Cox, despite knowing they were not certified by the CFL player's association, also in contravention of the CBA. Williams fired Cox last October and subsequently hired Dan Vertlieb, who represents a number of high-profile CFL players, including Travis Lulay and Geroy Simon.
A hearing is expected to take place in Toronto sometime next week and a judgment would be expected within 30 days, according to the terms set out by the CBA.
Messages left with Williams and their agent, Dan Vertlieb, were not returned while the Ticats declined comment.
Williams, 25, won the CFL's most outstanding rookie award in 2011 and followed that up with a 2012 campaign that saw them set a record with six kick-return TDs and earn the league's nod for most outstanding special-teams player (not to mention almost 1,300 receiving yards).
Under their existing CFL contract, Williams is earning between $50,000 and $60,000 a season. That pales in comparison to the NFL minimum of $405,000 for 2013, with practice squad players earning about $90,000.
Regardless of the outcome of the arbitration hearing, Williams could potentially sit out the entire 2013 Ticats season and still become a free agent next February. They did not attend the team's mini-camp in April.
Taking the Bottle Lamp experience to the next level! Cole has shown that there's always room for improvement.
Building upon the original concept of using a recycled liquor bottle and adding a light source, Cole from Night Cap Studios also incorporated additional functions. Their multi-use bottle lamps feature a beautiful handcrafted base with a built-in USB port, Edison outlet and paddle switch. You have a whole new level of purpose and cool! (Oh yeah, did we mention that it can even add light to a room?)
We were so impressed with Cole's handcrafted lamps that we had to reach out to him.
Take a look at their answers to learn more about them and their creations. Be sure to scroll down to see more pictures and to leave them a comment.
How did you get started?
Cole: I had been busy making and refinishing furniture for a while, but was looking for a new and different project. I had a small touch lamp beside my bed that my dog figured out how to turn on in the middle of the night, so I decided to give lamp making a try. I ended up making it out of pipefittings, and added a USB outlet to easily charge my phone, and it is the greatest lamp I've ever had—obviously not biased at all. (Shameless plug, I also sell these on Etsy.)
A few months later, I got a new housemate who saw my lamp and asked if I could make them something like it. I knew four things:
1) They Love Jack Daniel's,
2) I wanted to make a bottle lamp,
3) I wanted to add a switch and USB charging plug somewhere,
and 4) I wanted to challenge both my woodworking and lamp making abilities.
Like magic (aka countless hours pondering how to make it work and a few hundred hours in the shop building it) it was done!
Where do you find your inspiration?
Cole: Honestly, I walk around hardware stores. At first, I was fairly certain the employees thought I was a little crazy and/or casing the joint to steal stuff, but they are used to me now. I can spend hours walking around, looking at stuff, seeing what I could put together to make something new.
Apparently I look like I belong there now, because it is a common occurrence to have another customer ask me for help on where to find something. The sad truth is, I've only had to say, “I don't know,” once. I also think a lot, almost constantly about my projects. I'm endlessly trying to figure out better ways to make something.
Seriously, even while I'm writing this, I'm thinking about the best way to stain and assemble my newest project, so if there's random words in here about stain color and brad nails, that's why.
What kind of tools do you use?
Cole: I have a lot of tools. My love for tools is like a female's love of shoes. I have a pretty full shop, but apart from my saws, I find my router, Dremel, and my chisels to be the most used tools in my shop. This isn't exactly a tool, but sandpaper really helps finish almost every project, so I'm going to count it as one. I absolutely love how it can help shape, finish and bring out the beauty of my projects.
Besides Etsy, where else do you sell your crafts?
Cole: As of this moment, Etsy is the only place my stuff is on sale. However, I am in talks to get my products in some home accessories stores here in Nashville, so fingers crossed.
In a world where everything is sold separately, Cole's lamps defy all laws of modern retail and come complete with a lampshade AND a 40 watt retro style lightbulb. Visit their Etsy store to see all of their handcrafted lamps, coasters and furniture, and to place your very own custom made order.
Night Cap Studio on Etsy
Don't forget to share your favorite picture and leave us a comment below.
We would like to thank Cole for taking the time to answer our questions and wish them the best of luck. We think your lamps are awesome!
In the award nearest and dearest to my heart, Tearway has won the award for the best Mobile and Handheld Game at the 2014 BAFTA Game Awards. tearaway beat out BADLAND, DEVICE 6, Plants vs. Zombies 2, Ridiculous Fishing and The Room Two for the award.
It's the third award of the night for Tearaway, which is really (wait for it…) tearing it up tonight. Keep it locked to Gamesided all day for wall-to-wall BAFTA Game Awards coverage. And don't forget to stick around after the show for a full awards recap.
———–—————
Want to get the latest gaming news sent directly to your inbox daily? Sign up for our newsletter below to get daily updates send straight to your e-mail. Just select Gamesided from the “Other Site” dropdown Menu! And don't forget to connect with us on Twitter @Gamesideddotcom.
Gamesided.com is looking for bloggers to join the Gamesided family. If you are interested in this unpaid position, please contact editor Nick Tylwalk at [email protected]
Guy Who Predicted Cubs Winning World Series in 1993 Yearbook Has Been Found (Video)
Video Playback Not Supported
A little over a week ago, a guy took to Twitter to post a picture of their 1993 yearbook and a quote from a student that read, ‘Chicago Cubs. 2016 World Series Champions. You heard it here first.” And social media lost its mind.
It got even crazier when the Cubs actually did it, having to come back from a 3-1 deficit to claim their first World Series in 108 years.
In an interview with WGN-TV, Michael Lee, the guy who predicted the win, stated the win came to them in a dream.
“It just came from, when I was a kid, I had a dream about it,” said Lee, who attended Mission Viejo High School in California but now lives in Chicago. “It was up on that red scoreboard with Harry Caray blasting away, ‘Cubs win World Series!'” Lee said of the dream. “It was pretty vivid. That's why I remembered it all through high school, and now I'm getting reminded again.”
Tags:
Share This
An outside economic adviser to President Trump is criticizing the individual side of the GOP tax plan, saying it isn't a "true tax-reform bill."
“The individual side of this is maybe not the worst thing I've ever seen,” Larry Kudlow, a conservative economic analyst and former adviser to President Reagan, told Politico "Money" podcast.
“But when you end the state and local deduction, because rates are still relatively high, you are going to hurt a lot of different people. So the internal logic was not good and this is not a true tax-reform bill.”
Kudlow assisted in designing the corporate tax cuts in the GOP's plan, according to Politico.
“The sickest part of our tax system is the business side because of international competitive reasons and because of America's prohibitively high tax rates,” they said.
“Profits have been coming in rather well over the last 10 years. But the money is going offshore and that's really hurt not only investment, it's also hurt wages.”
Senate Republicans have momentum ahead of a possible vote this week on tax legislation following a meeting of their caucus with Trump.
Senate Republicans cleared a key hurdle in their effort when the Senate Budget Committee voted to advance the bill on a party-line vote.
Trump has made clear he's willing to deal with senators on their individual demands.
Republicans can afford just two defections if all Democrats vote against the bill, but it appeared Tuesday they were nearing their goal.
House Republicans from high-tax states controlled by Democrats like New Jersey, New York and California are opposed to the elimination of the state and local tax deduction that many of their constituents currently use. The House bill includes a deduction for property taxes up to $10,000 while the Senate GOP version does not.
Hey there!
I want to help with the development for T3/1100D, I have a lot of experience with C/C++, but I don't have experience with reverse engineering, is it enough to help?
Also, I have experience with graphic design, so maybe I can help develop a special font that will look better on 1100D low resolution screen.
There is anyway to render ML menus in 720x240 natively, then upscale it using nearest neighbor to 720x480? I think that's how it is done on the official firmware. What would be required to change in ML in order to do this? or is it not possible due to it requiring to rewrite core parts of ML?
By the way, is 1080p video option really completely locked down on this one? Or did you guys found out anything? I remember seeng something about this on ML Google Groups last year.
Thanks to California artist Karen Fiorito, motorists driving on Phoenix's Grand Avenue can see a massive billboard with nuclear mushroom cloud clown faces and dollar sign swastikas hovering over President Donald Trump.
“I think a lot of people are feeling this way and I'm just trying to express what I think is on a lot of people's minds these days,” Fiorito told 12 News. “Something that really concerned us was this idea of a dictatorship where things were going in a certain direction.”
The controversial billboard went up Friday as part of the annual three-day Art Detour event in downtown Phoenix.
The billboard's owner, Beatrice Moore, who also commissioned the display, said the banner imagery would remain up as long as Trump is in office.
“Some of these issues are so important you can't speak out,” Moore told 12 News.
Fiorito has a history of creating artwork critical of Republican presidents.
In 2004, they created a billboard with President George W. Bush and senior government officials.
“Dear America,” the billboard said, “we lied to you for your own good. Now trust us.”
Moore and Fiorito said they anticipate harsh criticism for the Trump billboard.
“I just hope that everyone involved in helping bring this message out is safe and that we all get through this unharmed,” Fiorito said.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson.
When the New York Times wrote of the improved technology of 3D printing this writer responded with a frivolous blog about it, scoring the concerns of anti-gun people about how the technology will allow everyone who wants one to have a gun without government oversight or knowledge. One of those in the anti-gun camp is Josh Horwitz, executive director of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence, who said that 3D printing is “going to be a big concern. We don't know how that's going to come about and don't know what technology.”
That technology is evolving before their very eyes. The RepRap Project aims to produce free and open source software for 3D printers, including software that allows the printer to produce its own parts. Two years ago RepRap allowed printers to create tiny plastic parts for small motors as well as circuit boards for computers. Today it allows hobbyists to build household items like fully-functional clocks, flashlights, iPad cases, watchbands … and receivers for rifles.
And it is this virtual explosion in technology that is making other gun controllers increasingly nervous, including Mark Gibbs, a contributor at Forbes, who wrote,
I'm in favor of tighter gun control and a ban on weapons that are unnecessarily powerful but I'm afraid that technology will soon make any legislation that limits the availability of any kinds of guns ineffective.
With the decrease in prices for 3D printers, and the improvement in the software to drive them, the capability to print weapons at home is coming into the reach of the average citizen. Gibbs warned,
Using either free or low-cost computer aided drafting software you can create digital 3D models of pretty much anything you can think of and, with hardly any fuss, your 3D printer will render them as physical objects.
And when that happens, there will be more guns, not fewer, and the government won't know where they are or how to track them:
What's particularly worrisome is that the capability to print metal and ceramic parts will appear in high-end printers in the next few years making it feasible to print an entire gun and that will be when gun control becomes a totally different problem.
Gibbs is already behind the times. In December, Dan Verton noted on hstoday.com that “the time is fast approaching when anybody with a few thousand dollars … can design and manufacture their own guns.” They corrected himself, adding, “Actually, that time has already arrived.”
Anti-gun legislators are getting nervous as well. The introduction of the Glock pistol into the United States in 1982, with its polymer construction, caused some legislators to go ballistic. They suggested that such pistols would escape being detected at airports. It didn't take long for legislation to follow, with the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 passing both houses of congress and being signed into law by President Ronald Reagan in November of that year. It had a 10-year sunset clause, but in 2003 it was reauthorized for another ten years with a sunset date of December 9, 2013. That law makes it illegal to “manufacture … [or] possess … any firearm that is not detectable by walk-through metal detectors.”
In December Congressman Steve Israel (D-N.Y.), a leading supporter of making that law permanent, held a press conference just outside the security checkpoint at Long Island's MacArthur Airport. They said that the House needs to renew the law because
It is just a matter of time before these three-dimensional printers will be able to replicate an entire gun. And that firearm will be able to be brought through this security line, through the metal detector, and because there will be no metal to be detected, firearms will be brought on planes without anyone's knowledge.
Israel sports just an 11-percent Freedom Index rating and a zero-percent rating from both the National Rifle Association and Gun Owners of America, while enjoying a 100 percent rating from both the Brady Campaign and the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence. And so while their rant against guns pushes the envelope of believability that scanners' technology won't also improve to the point where 3D weapons can be detected, it also misses another point: There is no way that receivers — the part of the weapon that holds the internal workings such as the trigger and safety mechanisms — can be traced if they are made at home, as they lack the serial numbers that legislators like to track in order to keep an eye on their subjects.
All of which brings back the main point made in the original “frivolous” comments made by this writer earlier: Without such tracking, how can the government enforce its increasingly onerous and draconian attempts to regulate and eventually confiscate weapons from law abiding citizens? Will it want to register 3D printers? But how will that work, exactly, especially when the printers can replicate themselves? Like the brooms in Goethe's poem The Sorcerer's Apprentice, the printers will multiply in such numbers as to simply overwhelm attempts by gun control legislators like Israel to control them. Where the motivation is sufficient, citizens will find a way to exercise their freedoms, and all that increasing pressure from government will do is hasten the process.
Photo of 3D printer on display at International Consumer Electronics Show Jan. 10 in Las Vegas: AP Images
A graduate of Cornell University and a former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American and blogs frequently at www.LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. They can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
My EVGA GeForce GTX680 SC SIGNATURE 2048 MB GDDR5 DVI DVI-D HDMI DisplayPort 4-Way SLI Ready Graphics Card, 02G-P4-2683-KR held up for 3 years, but could no longer keep up with the next gen gaming. 2 GB of video memory is no longer enough, and I can see 6 GB being used by some game 3 years down the line.I needed a card that sits exactly how my GTX 680 sat, mainly due to the power pin cabling position. As my photo shows, this EVGA GeForce GTX 980 Ti ACX SC+ ACX 2.0+ Graphics Card with Backplate 06G-P4-4995-KR works perfectly (as my 680 had a backplate too, made sense to get another backplated as well).My 3DMark Fire Strike score doubled with the 980 Ti (from 7187 to 14933), right out of the box boosted to 1316 MHz @ 1193 mV, which may differ, as mine came with an ASIC of 74.4%, with the rest of my computer setup:Corsair Graphite Series 600T (Mid Tower)OCZ 850W ZX Series 80 Gold PlusAsus P8Z77-V Deluxe (BIOS Version 2104)Intel Core i7 3770k (4.5 GHz @ 1.20 Volts)Corsair H100 Liquid Cooling (Standard push from topside, radiator below inside case)16 GB Corsair Vengeance (XMP 9-9-9-24 @ 1600 MHz )500 GB Samsung 840 EVO SSDWindows 7 Ultimate (x64)For this upgrade I also decided to upgrade from 1080p, going to a Acer G257HU smidpx 25-Inch WQHD (2560 x 1440) Widescreen Monitor , which could also overclock to 75 Hz @ 1440p right out of the box as well (though I decided not to after seeing additional page tearing than I would have liked).This card destroys everything at 1080p, so it made sense to make the jump to 1440p. While not quite 4k, still a great upgrade to give the card a run for its money. Witcher 3 maxes out the card at 1440p, so if I continued at 1080p I would have not seen its maximum potential.This card could not maintain steady 60 FPS in Star Citizen's hangar module (Very High settings @ 1440p), but your experience may vary depending on how many ships you had, and in which hangar (fully stocked Asteroid Hanger driving around in the Grey Cat). There was no way to turn off the in-game V-sync, therefore it continually bounced between 30 and 60 FPS. The Arena Commander module was more fluid however.In terms of temperature, my old 680 had no problems, being a Blower type cooler, I have a 200mm fan pulling air in through my side vent (hung with strings off the side mesh window). That card never even came close to 80 C, typically hit 70 C with an aggressive fan profile, and that was it.This 980 Ti however creates plenty more heat, more in line with what Big Kepler does (780 Ti). The open air fans sound softer than the blower type, though even with an aggressive fan profile I see it climb to 80 C, lowering the max boost I can get. I'm sure it's just my own internal fan setup, however not too concerned with what I've experienced so far. Front and Side 200mm pulling in, 240mm radiator with dual 120mm fans pushing topside, and just one single 120mm rear exhaust.I was looking to replace a single card with another single card, and this definitely does the trick. EVGA hasn't done me wrong yet, but please consider all options before you grab one, such as output ports (less HDMI and lots of Display Ports these days), power pin positioning, dimensions of the card (probably the biggest concern for upgraders), and of course, whether your power supply could handle any potential extra overclock. The MSI Lightning edition is coming out sometime soon, and I've always been curious how it compares when its release is usually last (and for good reason).-Edit-Hanger != HangarHad some more time to test this card with Star Citizen (especially with that newly released Social Module!). In-game V-sync could only be turned off via ~ console commands (r_VSync 0), and I bumped the card's GPU offset to +100 MHz, ending with a max clock of 1415 MHz @ 1198 mV, using EVGA's PrecisionX with power limit at 110% (no voltage increase). All modules ran much smoother with no video artifacts/problems at 1415 MHz, though I chose a software based thermal performance cap of 80 C to keep my card in check, down clocking once it hit that threshold (since my chassis fan setup is less than optimal). The GTX 980 Ti struggles at times to push 60 FPS @ 1440p in Star Citizen, and I'm not too surprised about that fact.
The settlement of Iceland (Icelandic: landnámsöld) is generally believed to have begun in the second half of the ninth century, when Norse settlers migrated across the North Atlantic. The reasons for the migration are uncertain: later in the Middle Ages Icelanders themselves tended to cite civil strife brought about by the ambitions of the Norwegian king Harald I of Norway, but modern historians focus on deeper factors, such as a shortage of arable land in Scandinavia. Unlike Britain and Ireland, Iceland was unsettled land and could be claimed without conflict with existing inhabitants.
On the basis of Íslendingabók by Ari Þorgilsson, and Landnámabók, histories dating from the twelfth and thirteenth centuries and providing a wealth of detail about the settlement, the years 870 and 874 have traditionally been considered the first years of settlement. However, these sources are largely unreliable in the details they provide about the settlement, and recent research focuses more heavily on archaeological and genetic evidence.[1]
Traditionally, the Icelandic Age of Settlement is considered to have lasted from 874 to 930, at which point most of the island had been claimed and Alþingi (Althingi), the assembly of the Icelandic Commonwealth, was founded at Þingvellir (Thingvellir).
History of settlement [ edit ]
Pre-Norse settlement [ edit ]
Controversial results of recent carbon dating work, published in the journal Skírnir, suggest that Iceland may have been settled as early as the second half of the seventh century.[2]
The Íslendingabók of Ari Thorgilsson claims that the Norse settlers encountered Gaelic monks from a Hiberno-Scottish mission when they arrived in Iceland. There is some archaeological evidence for a monastic settlement from Ireland at Kverkarhellir cave, on the Seljaland farm in southern Iceland. Sediment deposits indicate people lived there around 800, and crosses consistent with the Hiberno-Scottish style were carved in the wall of a nearby cave.[3][4][5] The oldest known source which mentions the name "Iceland" is an 11th-century rune carving from Gotland, while the oldest archeological finds indicating settlement date back to the 9th century. There is a possible early mention of Iceland in the book De mensura orbis terrae by the Irish monk Dicuil, dating to 825.[citation needed] Dicuil claimed to have met some monks who had lived on the island of Thule. They said that darkness reigned during winter but that the summers were bright enough to pick lice from one's clothing, but the veracity of this source may be questioned. Additionally, Iceland is only about 450 kilometres from the Faroes, which had been visited by Irish monks in the 6th century, and settled by the Norse around 650.[citation needed]
A cabin in Hafnir was abandoned between 770 and 880, showing that it was built well before the traditional settlement date of 874. It is thought to have been an outpost only inhabited part of the year, but it is not known whether it was built by people from Scandinavia, Ireland or Scotland.[6]
Norse settlement [ edit ]
Written sources consider the age of settlement in Iceland to have begun with settlement by Ingólfur Arnason around 874, for they were the first to sail to Iceland with the purpose of settling the land. Archaeological evidence shows that extensive human settlement of the island indeed began at this time, and "that the whole country was occupied within a couple of decades towards the end of the 9th century."[7] Estimates of the number of people who migrated to the country during the Age of Settlement range between 4,300 and 24,000,[8] with estimates of the number of initial settlers ranging between 311 and 436.[9]
While the written sources emphasise settlement from Norway, genetic evidence shows that the founder population of Iceland came from Ireland, Scotland, and Scandinavia: studies of mitochondrial DNA and Y-chromosomes indicate that 62% of Icelanders' matrilineal ancestry derives from Scotland and Ireland (with most of the rest being from Scandinavia), while 75% of their patrilineal ancestry derives from Scandinavia (with most of the rest being from the Irish and British Isles).[10] Archaeogenetic evidence suggests that the actual founding population included a higher proportion again of settlers from the Irish and British Isles: one study found that the mean Norse ancestry among Iceland's settlers was 56%, whereas in the current population the figure was 70%. It is thought likely that most of the settlers from Ireland and Scotland came as slaves, and therefore reproduced less successfully than higher-status settlers from Scandinavia, making them ancestors of a smaller proportion of the modern population.[11]
A number of reasons have been offered for the settlement of Iceland:[12]
Available land would have been attractive to Viking Age Scandinavians, especially given the relatively warm climate in Iceland at the time.
The observation of valuable resources, such as walrus ivory, made Iceland attractive to those looking to profit on trade.
Greater resistance to Viking incursions in the British isles and continental Europe in the late ninth century pushed Vikings to seek more peaceful opportunities.
Medieval written sources emphasize how Harald Fairhair's centralization of Norway and imposition of burdensome taxes on farmers encouraged farmers to migrate to Iceland.
The notion that population pressure drove migration to Iceland remains unsupported in the academic literature.[12]
Written sources say some settlers took land freely, others bought lands from earlier settlers, some were gifted land by earlier settlers, and that some settlers took lands from others through the use of force or threat of force. Lands were likely not rented during the Age of settlement. Medievalist Hans Kuhn argued that lands were given away or taken freely because earlier settlers had no need for such extensive lands. Historian Gunnar Karlsson notes that it could be rational for earlier settlers to encourage new settlers to settle lands nearby so as to ease maintenance of cattle and slaves, and as insurance in times of crisis.[13]
Age of settlement ends [ edit ]
Alþingi 19th-century depiction of a session of
Ari Thorgilsson claims in Íslendingabók that the country had been "fully settled" by 930. Correspondingly, Landnámabók suggests that within about sixty years, all the usable land had been taken; it mentions 1,500 farm and place names, and more than 3,500 people, arranged in a geographical fashion.[14]
In the periodisation of Icelandic history, therefore, the age of settlement is considered to have ended in the year 930 with the establishment of Alþingi; at this point the Icelandic Commonwealth period is considered to begin.[12]
Archeological evidence shows, however, "that immigrants continued to arrive in Iceland throughout the 10th century".[7] The authors of one study speculate that "continued immigration may have been needed to sustain the population".[7]
First Norse explorers and settlers according to the written sources [ edit ]
Naddoddr and Garðar [ edit ]
Landnámabók claims that the first Norseman to rest their feet on Icelandic soil was a viking by the name of Naddoddr. Naddoddr stayed for only a short period of time, but gave the country a name: Snæland (Land of Snow). They were followed by the Swede Garðar Svavarsson, who was the first to stay over winter. At some time around 860, a storm pushed their ship far to the north until they reached the eastern coast of Iceland. Garðar approached the island from the east, sailed westward along the coast and then up north, building a house in Húsavík. They completed a full circle, circumnavigating the island and establishing that the landmass in question was indeed an island. They departed the following summer, never to return but not before giving the island a new name -- Garðarshólmur (literally, Garðar's Island). One of their men, Náttfari, decided to stay behind with two slaves. Náttfari settled in what is now known as Náttfaravík, close to Skjálfandi. Landnámabók maintains that Náttfari was not a permanent settler.
“There was a man by the name Flóki Vilgerðarson. They were a great Viking. They left to find Garðarshólmur.” — Landnámabók
The second Norseman to arrive in Iceland was named Flóki Vilgerðarson, but the year of their arrival is not clear. According to the story told in Landnámabók, they took three ravens to help them find their way. Thus, they were nicknamed Raven-Flóki (Icelandic: Hrafna-Flóki). Flóki set their ravens free near the Faroe Islands. The first raven flew back to the Faroes. The second flew up in the air and then returned to the ship. However, the third flew in front of the ship and they followed its direction to Iceland.
They landed in Vatnsfjörður in the Westfjords after passing what is now Reykjavík. One of their men, Faxi, remarked that they seemed to have found great land—the bay facing Reykjavík is therefore known as Faxaflói. A harsh winter caused all of Flóki's cattle to die—he cursed this cold country, and when they spotted a drift ice in the fjord they decided to name it "Ísland" (Iceland). Despite difficulties in finding food, they and their men stayed another year, this time in Borgarfjörður, but they headed back to Norway the following summer. Flóki would return much later and settle in what is now known as Flókadalur.
A map indicating the travels of the first Scandinavians in Iceland during the 9th century
Ingólfur Arnarson [ edit ]
Ingólfr commands their high-seat pillars to be erected in this painting by Johan Peter Raadsig
"There was a man of the North [Norway], Ingólfr, who is truly said to be the first to leave it for Iceland, in the time when Haraldr the Fair-Haired was sixteen winters of age [...], they settled south in Reykjavík." -- Íslendingabók[15]
Another Norseman, by the name of Ingólfur Arnarson, had instigated a blood feud in their homeland, Norway. They and their foster-brother Hjörleifur went on an exploratory expedition to Iceland, and stayed over winter in what is now Álftafjörður. A few years later they returned to settle the land with their men. When they approached the island, Ingólfur cast their high seat pillars overboard and swore that they would settle where they drifted to shore. They then sent their slaves Vífill and Karli to search for the pillars. They found their foster-brother Hjörleifur murdered, and all their men gone. Ingólfur gave their foster-brother a heathen funeral in the Norse style and slew the murderers, who had fled to the Westman Islands.
As winter approached, Ingólfur's slaves found the pillars by Arnarhvol. When summer came, they built a farmstead in Reykjavík and claimed all the land west of the rivers of Ölfusá, Öxará and Brynjudalsá. Their slave Karli did not care for the location, and said to Ingólfur: "How ill that we should pass good land, to settle in this remote peninsula."
Environmental effects of settlement [ edit ]
Scholars have argued that the settlers caused soil erosion through extensive deforestation and overgrazing.[16] One study suggests that the primary motive for the deforestation was "clearance for pastures and home-fields", not the "settlers' requirements for fuel and building material".[17]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Cameron Carter-Vickers has made only four appearances for Spurs in the cups
Tottenham centre-back Cameron Carter-Vickers is close to joining Sheffield United on loan, according to Sky sources.
The USA youth captain is being allowed out for first-team games as Spurs edge closer to a deal to sign Juan Foyth from Estudiantes.
The Blades have been in the market for another centre-back all summer, with several bids being knocked back for Blackburn's Darragh Lenihan.
WATCH: Sheffield United boss Chris Wilder discusses potential new signings WATCH: Sheffield United boss Chris Wilder discusses potential new signings
Boss Chris Wilder has been playing with a back-three this season - the same as Mauricio Pochettino - and Bramall Lane is seen as an encouraging place for Carter-Vickers to gain good experience.
Spurs have also been improving their own defence this summer, and recently signed Ajax centre-back Davinson Sanchez in a club-record £38.4m deal.
And they are also back in talks for Foyth - an Argentina youth international who shone at the U20 World Cup.
Carter-Vickers has made four appearances in cup competitions for Tottenham and found life difficult against some of Europe's top sides in the International Champions Cup in the USA in pre-season.
Since climate forecasters declared an "El Niño Watch" on March 6, the odds of such an event in the tropical Pacific Ocean have increased, and based on recent developments, some scientists think this event may even rival the record El Niño event of 1997-1998. If that does happen, then 2015 would almost be guaranteed to set a record for the warmest year on Earth, depending on the timing of the El Niño conditions.
El Niño and La Niña events refer to fluctuations in air and ocean conditions in the tropical Pacific. El Niño events are characterized by warmer than average sea surface temperatures in the central and eastern equatorial Pacific, and they add heat to the atmosphere, thereby warming global average temperatures. They typically occur once every three to seven years and can also alter weather patterns around the world, causing droughts and floods from the West Coast of the U.S. to Papua New Guinea.
El Niño events tend to dampen hurricane activity in the North Atlantic, and some research has even linked El Niño events to civil conflicts in Africa.
When combined with global warming from greenhouse gas emissions and other sources, El Niño events greatly increase the odds that a given year will set a new global temperature record, as occurred in 1998.
Tony Barnston, the chief forecaster at Columbia University's International Research Institute for Climate and Society (IRI), told Mashable that the odds of an El Niño event developing during the next six months have increased to about 60%, which is up from just over 50% on March 6.
Global sea surface temperature anomalies, showing milder than average conditions in parts of the tropical Pacific. Image: NOAA.
The Pacific Ocean exists in a constant state of unease, like an ocean badly in need of a mood stabilizer. Trade winds blow along and to the north of the equator from east to west, piling up warm ocean waters in the western Pacific, and causing sea levels to be higher in the west than they are in the east. Like a tipping bathtub, this setup can quickly be reversed with a reversal in trade winds and a sloshing of the warm sea surface temperatures from the western Pacific to the east, first at depth in a series of undersea waves known as Kelvin waves, and next toward the surface as the warm waters rise off the west coast of South America.
This complex chain of events, in which the atmosphere and the ocean act in concert to set up El Niño conditions, is well under way now. Starting in January of this year, there have been a series of strong bursts of winds coming out of the west in the equatorial tropical Pacific, and these have essentially replaced the typical easterly trade winds.
Partly as a result of these wind bursts, ocean buoys and satellites have detected the movement of unusually warm ocean waters from the western Pacific to the east. Ocean surface currents, which normally move westward across the Pacific basin, have reversed as well. El Niño forecasters have taken this as a further sign of a developing El Niño, and these conditions were a key reason why an El Niño Watch was issued on March 6.
Eric Blake, a hurricane specialist at NOAA's National Hurricane Center in Miami, said conditions are changing rapidly in the Pacific, going from 50/50 odds of an El Niño, to a setup that eerily resembles the circumstances that preceded the monster El Niño of ‘97-'98.
“It's something we haven't really seen since the '97 El Niño,” Blake said of the westerly wind bursts and ocean observations. Instead of having trade winds blowing from the east at five to 10 mph, some locations in the western Pacific have had winds from the west blowing at up to 30 miles per hour, Blake says. This is important because it has ripple effects on the sea and below the sea surface.
“[It's] not that we can't step away from it, but with each passing day [an El Niño event is] becoming more likely,” Blake told Mashable.
Paul Roundy, a meteorology professor at the University at Albany, State University of New York, said that the westerly wind bursts have been extremely strong compared to historical records. Two of these events in particular, Roundy says, “were of similar amplitude to the events that preceded the 1997 El Niño.”
In addition, the warm waters moving eastward under the surface have been measured as much as nine degrees Fahrenheit above average, which is greater than similar waves observed prior to the 1997 El Niño event. “The present event is actually bigger than it was in 1997,” said Roundy.
Roundy cautioned that this doesn't necessarily mean that the current event will be stronger than 1997-98 was, but it does raise red flags.
Map showing the TAO buoys, with buoys reporting recent data colored in yellow and those without recent data in red. Image: National Data Buoy Center
Wind patterns in the next two months will help determine whether an El Niño actually forms, and how strong it becomes. For example, even a temporary reversal of trade winds back to more typical conditions could dampen the eastward moving wave of warm water. So far, though, this hasn't happened.
“Instead of switching to easterly winds there's been an actual continuation of westerly winds,” Roundy said.
One problem that forecasters encounter when trying to foresee the likelihood and intensity of El Niño events is that there is limited historical data of the vast Pacific Ocean. Observational data only dates back to about 1990, Roundy says.
Making matters more difficult for forecasters is the recent degradation of a crucial buoy network used for El Niño and La Niña monitoring. Budget cuts have led to missing data, with the network known as the Tropical Atmosphere Ocean Project, or TAO array, operating at just 30 to 40% percent of capacity.
Roundy said the chances of an unusually strong El Niño event “Are much higher than average, it's difficult to put a kind of probability of it … I've suggested somewhere around 80%”
“The conditions of the Pacific ocean right now are as favorable for a major event as they were in march of 1997. That's no major guarantee that a major event develops but clearly it would increase the likelihood of a major event occurring,” Roundy says.
Barnston said any similarities of current conditions in the Pacific to those seen before the 1997-98 El Niño are an insufficient basis for forecasting an intense event. “As for the strength of the event, it is not known. Just seeing similarities with 1997 is not enough to go on," Barnston told Mashable in an email. "Unless we continue to get westerly wind events in the coming weeks, there is no guarantee that it will be a big event, and there is a 40% or so chance we will not get an El Niño at all,” they told Mashable in an email.
Roundy and Blake also urged caution about concluding that an El Niño event is nearly certain to occur, and that it will be intense. Rather, Blake said, the situation bears close watching.
“Anytime you have a non-negligible chance of something extreme happening, and you see it happening in a way that you haven't seen in 15 to 20 years, it's interesting,” says Blake.
Not only do you have to ensure your resume has no typos and grammatical errors, but the worst mistake is presenting a resume that doesn't even match the position you're applying for. This will most definitely get your resume thrown in the trash can, by the hiring manager and the applicant tracking software that companies utilize to screen out resumes.
The following is a list of the most common resume mistakes and how to avoid them.
1. Never Misspell or have grammatical errors.
Proofread, proofread and proofread your resume documents! I can't stress this enough. Ensure you spell check, then proofread by placing a finger on each word and finally have your document reviewed by a friend, family member or career counselor. They say two eyes are better than one! Typically it's hard to catch your own mistakes, so having another set of eyes to read your resume will help. Another trick is to read it out loud.
2. Not utilizing keywords that match the job announcement.
Your resume should include the specific keywords that are in the job posting. You want to show that you are a perfect fit for the position. However, if your resume does not have the proper keywords, it may not get noticed.
3. Don't have an outdated resume.
Your resume should be updated for each and every job that you apply for. Be certain to update your skills and your employment history.
4. TMI (Too Much Information).
Don't list everything your ever did at each job. Focus on the highlights and accomplishments. Make sure you keep your resume to 1 – 2 pages in cases outside of academic and research settings. Make use of formatting techniques like bullets and short paragraphs to enhance the readability. Job seekers most often make the mistake of putting too much information. You don't need to include everything you ever did on each job you ever held!
5. Listing a summary that doesn't match the job announcement.
Avoid using an summary statement that has no relevance with the target job. Job seekers nowadays leave an objective off their resume and use a summary instead. Make sure it coincides with the role you're applying for.
6. NOT Writing Accomplishments.
Many job seekers simply list their duties, responsibilities and position descriptions that don't show what they've accomplished. As an alternative, write active statements that showcase your relevant skills and accomplishments. Your goal is to make sure the employer can easily see how you added value in your roles.
7. Paragraphs with boring and unrelated duties.
Spice it up and start with a statement that will make them say “WOW” and showcase your key skills related to the position your applying for. If you don't, the reader may become bored and toss your resume in the trash can.
8. Not Quantifying.
When listing your accomplishments make sure to quantify them, or present other concrete data to support your assertions. As you write each of your sentences or phrases, you want to say to yourself. SO WHAT! BIG DEAL, so I did that. How did I make a difference? Did I increase anything? Decrease, Modify or Change?
9. Being Too Humble.
Don't be modest. This is your time to toot your horn! Share those awards and recognition's you received over the years. “Promoted to Manager after increasing annual donations by 50%.”
10. Visually Appealing.
Keep your resume brief, clean and easy to read with lots of white space on the page. The message will pop out to the reader more easily. If it hurts the hiring managers eyes to read it, they may toss your resume in the trash can.
What makes a great resume? What's important to know is that these are marketing documents. It's also important to know is that the average employer now takes only about 7 seconds to view it. So they are not reading these resumes, but rather they are scanning these resumes. So they need to know right off the bat, how you add value.
So there you have it, the Top 10 Resume Mistakes! Don't get your resume thrown in the trash can! Go out there and land that interview!
If you still have any questions regarding your resume or federal career documents and application process feel free to drop us a line! We'd love to hear from you!
Visit First Class Resumes & Career Services today! Get Your FREE EBOOK on TOP 20 LINKEDIN TIPS & TRICKS!
Don't forget to listen to “Success Tips for Transitioning Veterans.”
http://www.first-classresumes.com/
Dannielle Ramos Rash is an Army Veteran and Founder of First Class Resumes & Career Services. http://www.first-classresumes.com/  They are a Certified Federal Career Coach (CFCC), Certified Professional Resume Writer (CPRW) and member of the Professional Association of Resume Writers and Career Coaches. Dannielle provides dynamic resumes & career documents for job seekers around the globe.
Pulled Pork. How did it take me this long to crave and make this dish? Unfortunately, I don't have access to a smoker here, and I have never cooked with one at that. However, I can make Slow Cooker Pulled Pork! While not the traditional method, using a slow cooker to make pulled pork is easy and results in a succulent and delicious meal. I combined a few different recipes or methods when devising my plan to make my first pulled pork in Germany.
To maximize the flavor of my slow cooker pulled pork, I decided to go with a dry rubbed pork shoulder roasted in a bath of Dr. Pepper. Yes, literally the soda. I first heard of using Dr. Pepper in slow cooker pulled pork from the subreddit, r/slowcooking. It seems that the soda adds a sweet and tangy flavor to the pork, as well as helping to tenderize the meat. The two main recipes I used were
The two main recipes I used were this North Carolina Style recipe for the dry rub, and this Dr. Pepper Pulled Pork recipe for proportions and methods. I also took cues from the r/slowcooking subreddit with regard to cooking pulled pork in a slow cooker. My amalgam of recipes worked, and the result was quite good, the pork was sweet, juicy, and a little spicy.
Geographical Issues
Living in Germany has lots of great benefits, but one of the main downfalls of Germany is the selection at the grocery stores. While the food here is generally cheap and healthy too, the variety of foods in aisles of the grocery stores just isn't what I'm used to coming from Chicago. I've talked in the past about my difficulties in finding fresh spicy peppers of any kind, but luckily the great capsaicin shortage has ended, as I recently found a source of fresh jalapeños nearby. This recipe, though, required more ingredients that couldn't be found in any of the three neighborhood markets near my apartment.
Another location-based issue I came across was the choice of BBQ style. Which style of dry rub should I make for my roommates? Texas, Memphis, Kansas City, or Carolina? I decided to go with the Carolina-style dry rub as most of the other styles taste better with more heat than my roommates would like.
Living with three Germans and one Italian sure opens your eyes to the differences in our cooking styles and flavor profiles. Modern American food is much more spicy and than the traditional flavors of Central Europe or Italy. The Carolina-style dry rub I used was slightly modified from this recipe to compensate for this difference, and for using the slow cooking method instead of the traditional BBQ method.
Slow Cooker Pulled Pork
Carolina-style Dry Rub
1 tablespoon sweet paprika (not pictured)
1 1/3 tablespoons smoked paprika
3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar
4 teaspoons kosher salt
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon cayenne
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano (not pictured)
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
Other Ingredients
3-lbs. Pork roast (shoulder)
1 large onion, chopped into chunks
2-3 cloves of garlic, sliced in half
1 can of Dr. Pepper (~330 ml)
The Prep
Mix the dry rub ingredients together until well-mixed Chop the onion and the garlic cloves, and place them into the bottom of the slow cooker creating a bed for the pork shoulder to rest on, above the base of the cooker. Get the pork out of its container. Apply the dry rub to meat by spooning a small amount of the mixture onto it, then spreading and padding the spices down into the meat firmly. Cover EVERY crack and crevice of the roast. Place the pork into the slow cooker and pour the Dr. Pepper over the roast slowly. Take pictures at each step to post on blog.
Cooking
My pork shoulder was on the small end of the spectrum, and I had taken so much time finding ingredients across Munich that I had to cook on high for 4 hours. It turned out really well, but as always with slow cookers, cooking on low is better. Slow cooker pulled pork is no exception.
Set it and forget it! Cook 4-5 hours on high, or 7-8 hours on low. Take pork out, and shred with forks over a large cutting board (my shoulder was without bones so I didn't have any to take out) Remove any mostly-fat pieces of the meat. Sift out onions and garlic from the slow cooker, unless you want to keep them in for a stronger flavor. Place pulled pork back into the cooker, and cover with BBQ sauce of your choosing. I used one whole bottle of a mild BBQ sauce. Mix together and let cook for an additional 45 minutes to an hour to really let the flavors jive.
Results
Slow Cooker Pulled Pork – 1 : Tom – also 1 because I got to eat it.
So. Good. For making do with the different ingredients available here, this was damn good. The meat was juicy, so tender and flavorful. The buns were lackluster, but that is going to be the case unless I buy German rolls or make my own. Next time I will make my own sweet roll buns for my next slow cooker pulled pork! The roommates were definitely enjoying it too, and plates were clean in minutes. My only regret is not buying more buns!
WASHINGTON – Low pay, high physical demands and plenty of stress make being an enlisted servicemember one of the worst jobs in America, according to a new analysis by the website CareerCast.com.
In their ranking of 200 professions, “enlisted military soldier” came in third worst, only ahead of dairy farmer and lumberjack. The best jobs in America, according to the web site, are software engineers, actuaries, human resource managers and dental hygienists – all professions with significantly better salaries and significantly less stress.
The list puts the average soldier's salary at $36,261 and the stress and work environment desirability among the worst of any job. For perspective, garbage collectors came in at spot 159, well above troops. Newspaper reporters also ended up in the bottom five, just two spots ahead.
The good news for troops? If you can rise through the ranks and become a general, you'll jump all the way up to the 141st most desirable job in America.
4th of July Special: We celebrate these Americans, who love their country by standing up for clean air, clean water, and healthy communities. Here are some feel-good stories. If you know of others, please share!
Check out this story from North Omaha, Nebraska: residents won a change of heart from their public power district, resulting in an end to six decades of coal-fired power plant pollution, and a shift to energy efficient, renewable and non-polluting power sources. Go, North Omaha!
Also coming in as another win from the heartland: the permit to build the section of Keystone XL through South Dakota expired, and a small, grassroots group, the Cowboy and Indian Alliance celebrated. The win has symbolic meaning for the community there, and without the section in South Dakota, the pipeline is being stymied. Small parts add up. Read about the meaning of this victory on Grist.
[Photo by Redskynight on Flickr]
Hannah Drown, cleveland.com
It's time to vote for which cats should advance to Top 10
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- You've seen the 3,500 cats entered into cleveland.com's Cutest Cat in Greater Cleveland contest, now meet the adorable kitties who have advanced to the Top 100.
The 100 finalists were chosen by a team of five judges at cleveland.com -- and now the contest is in your hands, as the Top 10 will be determined in an online poll, which is at the bottom of this post. Or click here for the poll.
These 100 kitties below had that "little something extra" that separated them from the litter of all 3,500 photo entries.
Who are your favorites? Now it is your turn to chose which felines move on to the Top 10.
The poll below is open through Tuesday, March 21 at 10 a.m. Votes must come from the United States.
The Top 10 kitties will then compete for the ultimate title of Greater Cleveland's Cutest Cat. Voting in that final poll will begin March 22.
By Brenda Cain and Hannah Drown, cleveland.com
Caves formed completely in ice are properly termed glacier caves, as that is where they typically occur. Ice caves, by contrast, are caves of any type that contain speleothems made of ice.
Glacier caves almost always form from flowing water entering the glacier through cracks or crevasses, which are then enlarged over time, both by erosion and melting. Like solution caves that carry water from one surface sink point to a resurgence, so glacier caves may serve as conduits for water through glaciers.
Glacier caves are very dynamic and change from year to year. Large glacier cave systems have disappeared as glaciers melt and retreat around the world due to global warming.
The images on this page were taken by Jason Gulley, a glaciologist studying the hydrology of glacial caves, in Alaska and Nepal. Please contact them directly regarding any of these photos or their use in any other venue.
How I develop // Fri July 24 2015
I've been in the bioinformatics field for almost 10 years, originally coming from a molecular biology degree background, I'm deciding to move into computing after struggling to find a job doing lab work. This post is a general outline of how I now develop since then.
Programming languages
I began coding around 10 years ago during my bioinformatics master's degree when I was was writing Java using Eclipse on Debian. I've never been too keen on Java because of the verbosity of classes and getter/setters and so forth.
During my PhD I switched to learn Ruby. This was certainly a revelation after several years writing Java. The ability to dynamically define methods on classes or dynamically look up missing methods combined with a simple syntax felt very liberating. I used Ruby for several years and it's still my choice when I want a scripting language. I wrote a Ruby program to help finish and submit genome sequences which I used during my postdoc. I'm still proud of this because I used all modern software development practices - though afterwards I did question the value of good scientific software.
These days I've also learnt Python, Haskell, Clojure and Erlang. I try use which ever language seems the most appropriate for the task given their different strengths and weaknesses. This however tends to be mostly bash for speed of development or Python for collaborative projects, this is ironic as I quite dislike python. I think this dislike comes from already gotten used to the advantages of functional languages or lisps. In Python I miss the strong generalised algebraic data typing of Haskell, or elegant macros such as -> in Clojure, which are both aspects of what makes these languages a pleasure to use. I don't think you can really avoid python when working in bioinformatics, but the libraries functools, pymonad and itertools can help to make it more functional.
I also use R regularly for modelling and statistics. I used to hate R, however the libraries ggplot2, dplyr, tidyr, readr, stringr and magrittr make it feel like working in a different, more usable language. The amazes me because almost all were created by one person - Hadley Wickham.
Development environment
My development workflow is centred around using my ~/.dotfiles running on Mac OSX. I use vim as my editor, tmux for a window manager and zsh as the shell. I love using vim and I think I wouldn't have had such a enjoyable career so far if I hadn't picked it up, and then subsequently spent the time tuning and tweaking it. A good habit I've gotten into is to consciously notice pain points when I'm coding and try to create a shell or editor shortcut to address it. I first created my dotfiles repository 7 years ago and it has over 1,000 commits on it since then. I've since found Tim Pope's vim sensible, and cleared out many of my vim settings in favour of these sensible defaults.
I try to automate everything as much as possible. I hate doing manual tasks more than a couple of times. Being forced, such as by infrastructure or tooling, is something that I find the most annoying. As an example of automation, I have a script called gitme which clones a git repository, switches to the last committed git branch, splits and arranges tmux windows, bootstraps the project as I describe below, and finally starts an autotesting script. This script allows me to pull and immediately start working on a cloned project.
Focus
Trying to focus and avoid distractions is very important to me. I feel that an unbroken period of 3-4 hours is very valuable for working on projects. I try to make the most of these periods and what I've felt has worked for me:
The self control app is excellent. This allows you to block a list of websites for a set period of time, and there's no way to unblock them until the time is up. I use this to block email, twitter and hacker news. Twitter and email are terrible distractions to getting anything done.
Getting up very early. I built nucleotid.es by getting up at 6am every morning for about 6 months. An average of 2-3 hours of time everyday allowed me to create the prototype site to prove that this could be useful. These hours in the morning feel like my most productive and usually there's no one else awake to interrupt you.
My computer is a cache of what I'm working on
I am very strongly in favour of developer parity. This is the idea that my development, staging and production environments should all be identical. For example if something works when I test it on my laptop and then fails when I test it on the server then my environments are not identical. I want developer parity so that I can spend my time improving code rather than debugging differences between environments.
To this end, I treat my laptop as a cache of what I'm working on. I have a launchctl script that deletes and then recreates the directory ~/cache every time I turn my laptop on. Any projects I git clone into this directory will be purged at the end of the day. This therefore forces me to push feature branches and tidy up my projects before I finish for the day.
As a result of this all my development projects now contain all their own setup and configuration. Each project includes a command to be able to bootstrap all the resources required to start work on it. Examples of this are using virtualenv to set up third party libraries, or fetching a set of S3 resources for a website.
Most importantly this bootstrap command is the same for developing on my computer, deploying on a server, or running on the continuous integration server. This means that if it works on my computer it should work everywhere. If it doesn't then I get email immediately for the CI server that something has has been broken.
Every project I work on has the same development CLI
I structure all my projects the same way where they all have the same named scripts that perform similar actions. These are located in the directory ./script and are as follows:
bootstrap : all initial setup required the first time after cloning a project. This might be downloading data from S3 or setting up third-party libraries with bundler or cabal. After running this script I should be able to run or build this project.
test : run unit tests on the code. Pretty straight forward as you expect. These are all the tests I run to help me develop, i.e. catching individual breaking changes to the code as I write them. This should a return a non-zero exit code if the tests fail.
feature : run features tests, usually in cucumber, to test the user facing interface of the project. This should catch any changes that break the stack as a whole. Increasingly as I create micro services using docker, I'll rebuild the Docker image then run the feature tests against a container of this image. This insures and breaking changes to the Dockerfile, libraries or code are caught as early as possible.
build : build whatever this project is about: compile a binary, a docker image or the set of webpages.
autotest : start a script that watches for any file changes to the code then reruns the test script. This is extremely useful for seeing breaking changes immediately, as you're coding. Tools like inotify make this straight forward to set up.
autofeature: the same as autotest but runs feature instead. Again this is very handy for catching breaking changes quickly as long my features will run in a few seconds. Even when they don't, I use cucumber tags to subset the quick features, or run only the feature file relevant to what I'm working on.
The advantage of this is that I know that every project had the same entry points. Even if I haven't worked on something in years, I know I can clone it, then bootstrap it and start the autotest script.
BOURNE - Three men were arrested on heroin charges in Bourne Thursday following a series of phone calls and texts sent to a very wrong number. According to an Orleans police release, over the course of a few days, Det. Sgt. Andrew McLaughlin received multiple calls and texts on their OPD issued cell phone asking if they wanted to buy some drugs.
The caller was looking for a man named Mike and found Det. Sgt. McLaughlin instead.
Following a short joint investigation conducted by Orleans police, members of the MA State Police Cape Cod Drug Task Force and Bourne police, "Mike" agreed on a quantity of heroin and a meeting place.
At 8 p.m. Thursday night, authorities arrested 34-year-old Santiago Garza of Woonsocket, 34-year-old David Marin of Milford and 46-year-old Joseph Gately of Medfield in the parking lot of Dunkin' Donuts near the rotary in Bourne, police said.
The three men were transported to the Bourne Police Station where they were processed and charged with possession of heroin with intent to distribute and conspiracy to violate drug laws. They were all held on bail overnight and arraigned in Falmouth District Court on Friday.
SEATTLE, Washington—How many times can a publication attend a virtual reality showcase and walk away stunned by something it's never seen before? Judging by the past few years of Ars' VR explorations, quite a few.
As such, we don't blame readers who might say, "Tap the VR brakes, Ars." Still, this week's SteamVR Developer Showcase event is forcing us to reach into the hyperbole bag once more. The event blew us away thanks to a number of never-before-seen stunners, along with previously announced HTC Vive titles that have only gotten better in the oven before their retail launch later this year. (April, we hope.)
"Room scale" VR is a tough sell, especially for people whose homes don't easily accommodate enough cleared-out space for walking around with a headset on, but while we've already been impressed with what the platform can support, we didn't think we could be impressed any further. We were wrong. Read below to see why we're currently trying to put our kids, pets, beds, and significant others up for adoption—so we can hurry up and make space for this incredible new platform. (Sorry, sweeties.)
Hover Junkers: VR deathmatch meets the "walkpit"
While a few VR shooters have already been announced, almost all of them lock their players into cockpits. So far, that's been the most satisfying compromise for VR battling. It's a "duh" design call for sit-down games, yet even with stand-up systems like the HTC Vive, players can only move so far in a maximum real-world playspace of up to 9'x12'. You can't just let players run around their living rooms as if they're in giant, Battlefield-scale maps, right?
The small dev team working on Hover Junkers agrees, but it's still come up with a compelling new twist on VR deathmatch: it's splitting the difference with something we're calling the "walkpit." The multiplayer-only game sticks its players on hovering, cover-loaded battle platforms, where they can walk around and use their hands to aim and shoot handheld shotguns, pistols, and other guns. Players can also activate a steering and driving mechanism to move their battle stations around the game's massive maps, or pick up and affix cover-styled detritus to the ship's sides.
Shootouts typically erupt when players have steered close enough to an opponent's battle station, at which point everyone begins kneeling, side-stepping, and dodging behind whatever makeshift cover each combatant has built on their respective ship whilst aiming and blasting guns at their foes. As in, you see your opponents as Mad Max-styled gunslingers, and they see you the same way. Though the game only tracks your head and hands, it's still pretty good at making people look like they're kneeling or dodging realistically.
These gunfights were unlike any we'd ever experienced in a video game, and they were even more fun in two-player team mode, which allowed one player to actively steer while the other took lead on gunplay. (Hover Junkers steering only requires one hand, so the other free hand can be used to pop off a few shots, as well.) Steering around the giant maps seems to offer the biggest potential for expert strategy, both in terms of driving around to find another ship's cover-less angles and in terms of scouring the giant battlegrounds for loot boxes—which are full of new pieces of cover to slap onto your own ship. Steering works by looking the direction you want to go and pressing a trigger button—which alleviates VR sickness by organically blocking players' ability to make sharp turns.
We only had access to two weapons during our 15-minute demo—a pistol and a shotgun—which required some real-life wrist-snapping and thumbpad-pressing whenever we needed to reload. During the less-frantic shooting practice portion, we liked these reloading gestures, but we often felt too frantic during a shootout to remember exactly what real-life action was required to complete a reload. Hopefully, this system gets some tweaks before the game's launch so we can focus more on its satisfying steering and positioning challenges.
Audioshield: Feels like music-melee Missile Command—and we love it
The Audiosurf game series launched in 2008 with a more open—and more technologically impressive—take on the rhythm genre. Unlike other music games with pre-chosen soundtracks, Audiosurf turns any song from your MP3 collection into a "playable" track by analyzing its beat, its rhythm, its peaks, and its valleys. We could finally play a music game while rocking to Zeppelin, Prince, and every other license-restricted band of old.
However, Audiosurf's playable tracks have always felt too simple for extended play, since they're limited to three rows of notes for any given beat, compared to Rock Band's five-note maximum and Guitar Hero Live's six-note max. So what's so much better about the Audiosurf team's first VR game, which, admittedly, has the same three-note limitation?
As it turns out, the series' auto-generation of rhythm patterns has always pushed its dynamics analysis to the background, since they otherwise didn't fit into the original games' 2D note grids. When songs became more intense, they simply changed visual elements. In VR, on the other hand, the series' developers have a new axis to work with, and it's used to unbelievably immersive and intense effect in new game Audioshield.
The game works much like its predecessor. Players pick any song from their personal library, at which point the game automatically generates a playable pattern. Instead of seeing a Guitar Hero-styled rush of notes on a grid, Audioshield strands players in a celestial wasteland where song notes come crashing down from the sky in the form of blue and orange globes. Beating a song comes down to aiming at and hitting those notes with the blue shield in your left hand and the orange shield in your right—or, occasionally, putting both shields together to clear purple notes—as if this were a music-melee twist on Missile Command.
The game's song analysis system makes use of dynamic information by having note altitude and position change according to volume, bass, and other factors. Sometimes, that leads to crossing arms as drum sections become more intense; other times, that means a song's most climactic parts will have players aim their shields upward instead of outward. (If you're worried about neck crane pain, know that the dropping orbs' angles range from relatively flat to about 45 degrees, which felt comfortable during Ars' 15-minute demo session.)
In those cases, and many others, the act of clearing in-air patterns of note globes feels unlike anything I've ever done in a rhythm game—a fact that's only bolstered by Audioshield's bonus system, which rewards players for forcefully punching orbs to the beat as opposed to merely holding up colored shields at the right place, right time. This twist shines in particular on the HTC Vive Pre hardware; the demo session offered the kind of latency-free tracking needed to time punches to the beat no matter where I aimed my fists.
The demo included two long songs: one by dance-rock band Ratatat, and the other by industrial legends Nine-Inch Nails. I lost track of how many times my mouth was agape in joy, or how many times I found myself involuntarily dance-stepping in the play space, or how many expletive-filled compliments I offered the developers whilst punching virtual orbs. Truly, I've never felt a Nine-Inch Nails song like this game's version of "Sunspots"—and I've seen them play tremendous concerts, so that's no small compliment.
This launch-window game may receive a few tweaks to its gameplay and note-generation systems before the HTC Vive reaches shoppers, but even if Audioshield ships as-is, I'm already ready to call it a day-one Vive owner's purchase.
Space Pirate Trainer: VR's first great quarter-muncher
Someday, Space Pirate Trainer may transform into an incredibly deep game, full of upgrade systems, tower-defense concepts, or other strategic twists. For now, it's just a game in which you stand on a platform and shoot the ever-living crap out of endless waves of flying, cannon-loaded aliens.
And it's flippin' awesome.
We've already played a few light-gun games in VR, and the sheer joy of aiming and blasting with controllers like the Vive wand and PlayStation VR's Move controller translates quite well across multiple games. What SPT gets right more than anything we've played thus far is the beat-to-beat feeling of blasting while moving around. Where Hover Junkers zigs with cover and controllable ships, SPT zags with a variety of creative ways to deal with tons of enemy laser fire.
For starters, your two hands can each hold a separate laser-powered weapon, ranging from a single-shot pistol to a weaker machine gun to a charge-up railgun. (Your first SPT thrill will likely be to point your twin guns in opposite directions for no-look blasts at foes from all sides, which is easier to do in the game's early waves.) For defense, your shots can destroy incoming bullets in addition to your floating attackers. Should you feel even more defensive, you can exchange either (or both) of your guns for a reflective shield, which has a bonkers-cool transparency effect so that you can hold it in front of you, look through it, and extend your other hand's gun in front of it to keep firing.
Should a foe line up a series of laser blasts coming right towards you, the game will briefly slow down in a Matrix-styled bullet-time mode, at which point you can try to sidestep, kneel, or roll out of the way. Or shoot those lasers with your own. Or hold up a shield to reflect the lasers, which may very well hit your attacker if you aim your shield correctly. Unsurprisingly, SPT battles ramp up pretty quickly, so that even double-shield users will still have to deal with foes attacking from all sides, and you'll need practice to get to the game's tougher waves.
As much as we love the game's core action, particularly its clever and comfortable use of bullet-time, we see potential for more elements, such as perks or power-ups you can purchase between rounds, or helper characters that you have to protect as the game ramps up. Still, even in its current, not-much-depth state, SPT has the privilege of standing out as a perfect game to hand to an HTC Vive newbie, as if to say, "Once you experience how awesome this is, you'll never think of VR the same way again."
Budget Cuts: Stealth comes to room-scale VR
A lot of the VR demos we've tried thus far are well-and-good for brief, expo hall impressions, but we've encountered fewer games that seem designed to keep people in headsets for hours at a time. Ars has written about one of those at length: Call of the Starseed, which was on hand at this SteamVR event with updates and tweaks to its already impressive play. Now, another contender appears for the HTC Vive's adventure-gaming crown: Budget Cuts.
We'd never heard of this stealth-puzzling game until the SteamVR event, but we fell in love immediately with its VR spin on Thief and Portal. Budget Cuts puts players in the shoes of a disgruntled, fired employee, back at the office to find the termination papers that explain just why you were laid off. To do so, you must sneak through your old, robot-filled workplace—a mix of cubicles and warehouse-scale structures—with a special warping gun in hand.
Much like Call of the Starseed, Budget Cuts deals with the limitations of the HTC Vive by having its players warp their way around their environments, but in this game's case, the warping also plays into the challenge. You'll use the warp gun to shoot a little blue blob wherever you want to go—meaning, you typically (but not always) need line-of-sight in order to aim those blobs at your next destination. For normal movement, you'll just shoot blobs down a hallway, but eventually, you'll need to find creative ways to get into locked rooms or other seemingly blocked paths. Sometimes, that means finding a crack in a door; other times, that means figuring out how to remove a duct grate so you can blast a warp ball into a small opening.
The other cool twist is that when these warp balls land, you'll see a bubble-shaped preview of where you're about to warp to in your hand. Remember, you're not supposed to be in this office, so this warp-preview trick is a great way to double-check whether an armed robotic guard is around that next corner (and has a cool-looking effect, to boot). There's also something to be said about the way stealth encounters play out in virtual reality, from the feeling when a robot guard locks eyes on you for the first time, then raises their gun to take you out, to the sensation of ducking and side-stepping in a real-life playspace to avoid a guard's gaze.
How clever the game feels through its full runtime remains to be seen, but our all-too-brief 15-minute demo left us hungry to see more of its weapon and puzzle systems, which, for now, added the right amount of satisfying VR twists to one of our favorite old-school gaming genres. Color us intrigued and impressed.
Briefly Warhol's lover, Name captured the models, musicians and superstars who passed through Warhol's studio, including the Velvet Underground and Nico
Billy Name, the in-house photographer at Andy Warhol's studio the Factory in its 60s heyday, has died aged 76.
The news was confirmed by the Milk gallery in New York, who mounted an exhibition of Name's pictures in 2014. The photographer, who had been in poor health for some time due to recurring illnesses including diabetes, died on Monday.
Born William Linich Jr in 1940, Name fled Poughkeepsie to New York's avant garde downtown art scene, where they worked with the likes of LaMonte Young and the Fluxus group, then including Yoko Ono. They met Warhol in 1959 while working a second job as a waiter at the restaurant Serendipity 3 in New York. The pair became lovers, and soon Linich, whom Warhol renamed Billy Name, was working as the pop artist's right-hand man.
From Andy Warhol to Nico and beyond: Billy Name's Factory photographs Read more
Name redecorated the former hat factory on East 47th Street by covering the walls in silver spray paint and aluminum foil, turning it into the Factory, Warhol's studio and a magnet for New York's demimonde. While the decor seemed to evoke the speed-fuelled futurism of Warhol's work, last year Name told the Guardian's Sean O'Hagan that they had been inspired by the repainting of the Mid-Hudson Bridge in Poughkeepsie when they were a child.
Name became the self-described supervisor of the Factory, their duties including working as an archivist, secretary, security guard and electrician. “Billy was the one Andy counted on,” journalist Glenn O'Brien wrote in the foreword to the retrospective book Billy Name: The Silver Age.
One day, Warhol handed Name a camera and said: “Here, Billy, you do the stills photography.” Name went on to take thousands of photographs of the comings and going at the Factory, including Warhol's coterie of “superstars” who starred in their films, including Edie Sedgwick, Candy Darling, Baby Jane Holzer and Joe Dallesandro.
They also captured other visitors including Bob Dylan and the Velvet Underground. Name's photographs are included on the sleeves of The Velvet Underground and Nico, their first, Warhol-produced album, and their self-titled third record.  They are mentioned in their song That's the Story of My Life.
I shot Andy Warhol: photographer Billy Name on drugs and shootings at the Factory Read more
The Factory relocated to Union Square in early 1968, whereupon Name, then addicted to amphetamines, took up residence there in their darkroom, often not emerging for months at a time. They finally left the Factory in 1970 and headed to California, where they became a performance poet. Before long their photographs were recognised both as a record of a hugely significant cultural moment, and as artworks in their own right.
Name's death follows that of Holly Woodlawn last December, another pivotal member of Warhol's pantheon of superstars, immortalised in Lou Reed's Walk on the Wild Side. Many others including Nico and Candy Darling died young; Warhol themselves died in 1987, while Reed died in October 2013.
One of the few surviving Factory stalwarts, Dallesandro, paid tribute to Name on Facebook, writing: “Billy was the one who made the silver Factory silver, working with Gerard Malanga and was every bit an artist as anyone else at the Factory. Soon all of us will be gone but because of Billy most of the history is recorded on film. May their journey home be peaceful.”
A statement from Milk gallery said: “It is with tremendous sadness that we would like to announce that our dear friend and iconic artist Billy Name has begun their next great adventure. We mourn the loss of this important cultural figure and are thankful to have had the opportunity to work with him. We express our deepest condolences to their family and loved ones.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan said their proposed replacement for the Affordable Care Act is what Republicans have "been dreaming of doing," during a news conference on March 8 at the Capitol. (Reuters)
AARP does not lose many political battles, even when its arguments are weak (e.g. refusing to gradually increase the retirement age despite increases in longevity). When the group has a really good case, well, don't bet against it, especially in advance of a midterm election in which older voters tend to predominate.
On Tuesday, AARP announced its opposition to the American Health Care Act (AHCA). In a written statement, the group argued that the bill “increases insurance premiums for older Americans [without] doing anything to lower drug costs.” The statement also asserted, “Medicaid cuts could impact people of all ages and put at risk the health and safety of 17.4 million children and adults with disabilities and seniors by eliminating much-needed services that allow individuals to live independently in their homes and communities.”
The impact on older Americans would be substantial. CNN reports that this would mean adults ages 60 to 64 “would see their annual premiums soar 22%, or nearly $3,200, to nearly $18,000. … Those in their 50s would be hit with a 13% increase, or just over $1,500, and pay an annual premium of $12,800. Also, the GOP bill doesn't provide them as generous tax credits as Obamacare. A 60-year-old making $40,000 would get only $4,000 from the Republican plan, instead of an average subsidy of $6,750 from the Affordable Care Act.”
In this case, AARP has two additional sources of support. First, the bill is horribly regressive, putting it at odds with all the populist talk on the right. It gives a substantial tax cut to the rich while cutting back on Medicaid. “Households at the top of the U.S. income ladder would see taxes on their wages and investments drop under the House Republicans' new health-care proposal,” the Wall Street Journal reports. “As expected, the bill repeals a 3.8% tax on investment income and a 0.9% tax on wages. Both levies affect only the highest-earning households, those individuals making at least $200,000 and married couples making more than $250,000.” Favoring the rich over the poor and favoring young Americans (who vote less regularly) over older Americans is politically dangerous.
[How Trump blew it on health care]
So advocates of the poor and seniors will be fighting tooth and nail — alongside Sens. Mike Lee (R-Utah), Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ted Cruz (R-Tex.), who want to eliminate a major role for government in guaranteeing coverage and allow insurers to offer all sort of plans frees from the minimum requirements under the Affordable Care Act. These three and other staunch conservatives sincerely believe that government subsidies and regulations drive up the cost of insurance and prevent functioning of a free market. They oppose the concept that the federal government should guarantee coverage. Politics certainly plays a part as well. Paul and Cruz, who both ran for president in 2016, wouldn't necessarily mind if President Trump's entire agenda fell apart. Returning as the standard-bearers of the right, they no doubt would be happy to relitigate big-government Trumpism vs. pristine conservatism. In the abstract, they may not have made a compelling case in 2016, but with “Obamacare Lite” as Exhibit A in the case against Trump, they could well force them to pack it in after one term in 2020 (assuming Trump makes it that long).
Taking a step back, lawmakers who find the GOP alternative as bad as — if not worse than — the ACA might start thinking (gasp!) about ways to address problems with the ACA. Repealing the 80/20 rule, which requires 80 percent of all revenue to be spent on claims, could lure more insurers back into the exchanges, increasing competition and helping to lower premiums. Freeing up insurers to offer plans that do not have to comply with the ACA minimum standards could provide cheaper options to younger, healthier Americans.
Avik Roy and other conservatives have suggested that we take another look at the actuarial requirements (the percentage the insurer expects to pay out), which are now 60 percent for the Bronze Plan, 70 percent for Silver, 80 percent for Gold and 90 percent for Platinum. Creating a lower band of plans (say, at 40 percent and 55 percent) and capping the top tier at 85 percent could increase choice and perhaps lure more people into the exchanges.
[An insipid GOP attack line just got worse]
Meanwhile, liberals have suggested a variety of state-led reforms, ranging from transparency in pricing to improving long-term and in-home care. Absorbing the cost of high-risk individuals through reinsurance plans may help to stabilize premium costs for everyone else. (The Georgetown University Health Policy Institute noted that a permanent reinsurance program in the Medicare Part D program has helped keep premiums “stable and affordable.” For example, “Reinsurance is also working to keep premiums down in Alaska, a state with traditionally high premiums. Individual market premium rates in that state for 2017 were originally slated to increase by 42 percent. After the reinsurance program was enacted, they only increased by 7.3 percent. Further, actuarial experts estimate that 2018 rates will be 20 percent lower with the reinsurance program compared to rates without the program.”)
Republicans are not ready to face up to the unfeasibility of their replacement schemes. After they fail, maybe they will be more amenable to the kind of repairs suggested above. In any event, if Democrats win one of the two houses back in 2018, they might well be able to forge a deal with the White House that makes real improvements in the ACA, introducing elements of federalism and pro-market incentives.
I have a friend who is so Kansas we call them "Lawrence."
Before the Dance began, they went in search of the so-fresh Jayhawks Trefoil track jacket to wear during the round of 64, the three-striped track jacket to wear during the Sweet 16 and asked me if I had a connect with Bill Self or the equipment manager to see if I could request the alternate camo jersey with "Beware of The Phog" inscribed on the inside for them to rock during the Final Four.
But once "Lawrence" saw what the University of Michigan did to VCU, they gave me a call: "Yeah brah, I think you can hold off on trying to get that KU jersey for the Final Four. I don't think I'll be needing it."
Trey Burke and Tim Hardaway Jr. are first and second, respectively, in scoring and assists for Michigan. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
They saw what I'd said long before this tournament began: "If the truth holds that guards and/or guard play is what wins NCAA championships, then hand Michigan the trophy early because they have the best backcourt in college basketball."
Tim Hardaway Jr. and Trey Burke are the new Dereck Whittenburg and Sidney Lowe, maybe better. Of all of the backcourts that have helped make that theory true about guards winning the tournament (funny how that is rarely said about the NIT or the women's tournament) over the past 15 years -- a list that includes Charlie Bell and Mateen Cleaves at Michigan State, Jay Williams and Chris Duhon at Duke, Juan Dixon and Steve Blake at Maryland -- none is collectively as strong and talented as Burke and Hardaway.
It's only a question of whether Burke and Hardaway can put together four more wins the same way the above mentioned duos did.
What separates them from say, Peyton Siva and Russ Smith of Louisville or "Lawrence's" own Elijah Johnson and Ben McLemore (although Johnson is technically playing out of position and McLemore is currently in an ugly slump), the other tandems of greatness left in the tournament, is what Hardaway and Burke did last Saturday and whom they did it against.
VCU's "Havoc" pressure defense, as coach Shaka Smart likes to call it, was possibly the best baseline-to-baseline defense in the country, the most worrisome Michigan is going to face all tournament.
"Usually we get the other team to get out of control," VCU guard Rob Brandenberg said after the loss. "We dictate the pace." Neither Burke nor Hardaway allowed that to happen. And even though Burke had seven turnovers in the first 25 minutes while trying to figure out the Rams' defense, they still found a way to make breaking down the defense look almost elementary en route to blowing VCU out of the Palace.
(In its first game of the tournament, VCU won by 46 points, then turned around and lost to Michigan by 25. That 71-point difference from winning one game to losing the next is the largest in the history of the NCAA tournament.)
And with Hardaway dropping 3s (he had five in the first tournament win over South Dakota State) and doing breakaway-cradle-reverse dunks like they did last weekend, the sky's not the limit for them, heaven is.
No dishonor to the Durand Scotts and Shane Larkins (Miami) or Keith Applings and Gary Harrises (Michigan State) of the college basketball world, but Hardaway and Burke are playing on a different plateau right now.
While Hardaway has the Hall of Fame gene pool thing working (his father, Tim Hardaway, was named as a finalist for induction into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame earlier this year), Burke is a finalist for the 2013 Naismith Player of the Year award and was just named Sports Illustrated National Player of the Year.
Them peaking and balling at this level at this time is a lethal, dangerous, better-hope-and-pray-both-of-them-have-bad-games-at-the-same-time combination that opposing coaches are going to have problems finding ways to stop.
Marshall Henderson (Ole Miss) and Khalif Wyatt (Temple) probably were the only players who could do a Kemba Walker and win games by themselves in this tournament. Now that they are no longer in any team's way, Burke and Hardaway are the strongest candidates left who can "win it all by themselves."
But not all great backcourts win this thing. There was Michael Redd and Scoonie Penn at Ohio State in the late '90s, the legendary Ricky Grace and Mookie Blaylock at Oklahoma in the late '80s, Jameer Nelson and Delonte West at Saint Joseph's almost a decade ago.
Derrick Rose and Chris Douglas-Roberts came a few free throws and a Mario Chalmers 3-pointer short of going down as one of the greatest backcourts ever (hell, they stopped Russell Westbrook and Darren Collison of UCLA from advancing and being in this conversation). The 2005 Deron Williams-Dee Brown backcourt for Illinois (along with Luther Head as the third guard) is still considered by many as the best guard package of this generation, but that group ran up against a UNC whip that no team in this current tournament could share the court with for 20 minutes -- let alone try to hang with for 40.
Steve Blake, left, and Juan Dixon led Maryland to a title in 2002. Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
Losses happen.
But a team at this point is going to have to come with a helluva lot more than an acclaimed, decorated, highly touted, NBA-ready backcourt to beat what Hardaway and Burke have going. This loses in the Big Ten (including two to Indiana) mean nothing now. TB and TH2 have found their groove and it also might be too late for teams to try to find an answer to counter them.
Plus, it's not as though Burke and Hardaway don't have help. Freshman forward Mitch McGary was the player of the game/hero in the most recent win that got them to the Land of 16. Nik Stauskas, the team's third-leading scorer and leading 3-point shooter, is capable of having a big game at any moment. And Glenn Robinson III is showing flashes of heredity (his father being the great former NBA vet Glenn Robinson), scoring 21 in the first tourney win against South Dakota State. They could be the toughest out left standing. (Sorry, FGCU.)
The Wolverines aren't two-dimensional, they just have two dimensions in the backcourt that may prove to be impossible for any team to match or defeat. (Sorry again, FGCU.)
If it is true that "guards win NCAA tournaments," then between Siva and Smith in Louisville and Johnson and McLemore in Kansas (whom Michigan has to go through Friday to survive and advance), the duo of Burke and Hardaway has legit competition for the throne. They are Burke and Hardaway's potential Bruce Lee moments, their Games of Death; they are, on paper, the only other guard tandems left in the Dance that in any given 40 minutes have the ability to outplay and outshine the Wolverines' guards.
But Burke and Hardaway would both have to have a pretty bad 40 minutes of basketball for that to happen. They may will themselves -- and their team -- to a place that won't allow that to happen.
Not this year.
Because if their first two games are any indication of what their future in the backcourt together holds, then we can go ahead and just add their names to the top of the list of guards in NCAA history who made that "guards win NCAA tournaments" theory truth.
It is difficult to envy David Cameron. The first prime minister in recent memory to suffer the ignominy of governing in coalition, Cameron's chance of achieving a Conservative majority at the second time of asking are almost nil.
The odds are that they will be a one-term Tory, going down in history as the man who failed to secure a majority against Gordon Brown and lost to Ed Miliband, two of Labour's least inspiring leaders.
That seems to be the reasoning among the growing number of Tory backbenchers who have decided they don't fancy sticking around for next year's election. At the time of writing, two have announced they will be standing down this week alone – Chris Kelly and Tony Baldry – though it feels like others could say thanks but no thanks at any minute.
Douglas Carswell's defection to UKIP shows that Nigel Farage's party will not just disappear, as the Tories, and many others in Westminster, had hoped. The departing Kelly is a right-wing eurosceptic who represents Dudley South, a UKIP stronghold which is a target seat for the party next year. UKIP have the potential to unseat at least a handful of Tories. An unconvincing Conservative leadership is failing to inspire those under threat to stay and fight. The recent resignations are illustrative of a pessimistic, divided party predicting defeat in nine months' time.
What if Cameron does manage to defy the odds and lead the Tories to a famous win next year, forming either a minority government or Coalition 2.0? That would be a considerable achievement given the Conservatives' current position, but any feeling of triumphalism would not last beyond the victory party.
Cameron would have to deliver an in/out referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union. There can be no fudge this time round; they have said a referendum will be a red line in any future coalition negotiations. That means Tory party politics in the two years running up to a 2017 plebiscite will be consumed by infighting over Europe.
The prime minister, possibly with a vindicated and ambitious George Osborne as their foreign secretary, will seek renegotiation with Brussels. Perhaps they will succeed. Perhaps Europe will cede sovereignty back to Britain. Perhaps Cameron will be seen as the man who saved our relationship with the continent, step down a hero in 2018 and make way for Osborne to move into Number 10. But it would take nothing short of a miracle for that to happen.
According to reports this week, 100 eurosceptic Conservative MPs are planning to reject their leader's attempts at renegotiation before they have even had the chance to get started, planning to promise in their personal manifestos that they will vote to leave the EU regardless.
A third of the parliamentary Tory party is already plotting to undermine their prime minister before they have even been re-elected. If Cameron actually does manage to stay in Downing Street next year, they would require superhuman strength to keep their party from tearing apart.
This is why, believe it or not, I almost feel sorry for David Cameron.
If they win, they will face internal ructions that could destroy their party for a decade. If they lose, they will be condemned by history as a one-term Tory. These are events that are inevitable and, through some fault of their own, events which they have no control over.
Cameron is a prime minister with declining authority and little control over their destiny. Whether they are around for nine more months or four more years, few would want to be in their shoes.
The Ontario Society for the Protection of Animals says it sent its officers to the Bowmanville Zoo to examine animals after allegations of abuse at the hands of the zoo's owner, but no action was taken at this time.
The group opened an investigation after the alleged whipping of a Siberian tiger during a training session.
“Our visit revealed that at this time we do not have the authority to remove the animals from their location,” the OSPCA said in a release.
“Although the animals were not removed, we want to reassure the public that the Society will be making sure that the animals are getting the care they require while this investigation is ongoing.”
The OSPCA said it has the authority to remove animals under the following conditions:
An animal is in immediate distress. In this situation our officers did not find the tigers to be in immediate distress, as defined by the Ontario SPCA Act.
A veterinarian has recommended the removal of the animal to ensure the animal gets the care it requires.
Ontario SPCA Act Orders have been issued but were not complied with.
On Tuesday, video surfaced on YouTube that appeared to show Bowmanville Zoo owner Michael Hackenberger whipping and swearing at a tiger. The video was released by the U.S.-based animal rights group PETA.
“PETA's eyewitness footage confirms that Michael Hackenberger uses violence and physical domination, and they need to be stopped,” said PETA foundation deputy director Brittany Peet in a release. “You should no more whip a young tiger than a young child – it's out of line and, we believe, outside the law.”
In a response video, Hackenberger denied whipping the animal more than two times. They claimed the lashes following the first two are hitting the ground, not the tiger.
“A tiger will not lay on the ground and allow itself to be struck as this videotape suggests,” they said. “They'll turn around, they'll try to kill you.”
Dr. Michael Belovich, a veterinarian for 25 years, disagrees.
“When I see any sort of cat or any sort of animal in this sort of pose, that's obviously an animal that's stressed and looking fearful,” they said. “Cats that are happy or calm will be sitting up, anytime that their head and body is below their legs that tells us that they are very upset and very fearful. Whether this is a domestic cat or a tiger or a big cat, this is not a happy animal. This is not a relaxed animal. This is an animal that is very fearful.”
Phil Demers, a former animal trainer, says using weapons to train an animal is unnecessary and frowned upon in the industry.
“Unfortunately for Michael Hackenberger, animal training has progressed beyond what their knowledge is,” Demers says. “He's familiar with dominating an animal. It's not necessary. It is effective but it's a very volatile way of training. It brings out the worst in the animal and the trainer.”
Canada's Accredited Zoos and Aquariums is also investigating the video, but they can only remove accreditation from the zoo. The OSPCA can press charges, should they feel abuse has occurred.
“We are peace officers,” Cross said. “We are able to press charges in accordance with Ontario legislation to protect animals.”
It's not the first time Hackenberger and the Bowmanville Zoo have been under fire.
In August, Hackenberger swore at a monkey on live television as a guest of City's Breakfast Television.
In 2013, the zoo was named the second-worst zoo in North America for elephants by the California-based In Defense of Animals organization for keeping Limba, a 50-year-old elephant, on their own.
“Limba is living a life of solitary confinement,” Nicole Meyer, the director of the organization's elephant protection campaign, told the Toronto Star. “That's very harsh for an animal like an elephant, who is extremely social and intelligent.”
Hackenberger disputed the claims, saying the elephant had “a tremendous amount of human interaction,” and that the elephant was happy in its 5,400 square-foot barn and acreage.
Less than a year later, Limba was euthanized after a bout with cancer.
Since 2013, a number of animal activist groups including PETA have charged the Marineland in Niagara Falls with mistreating and abusing dolphins and whales in their marine park. After an eight-month investigation by the OSPCA, no charges were laid against Marineland as “there was no evidence of animal abuse.”
In contrast to challenger, Elizabeth Warren, Senator Scott Brown is collecting most of their high-dollar donations in Massachusetts, according to a Globe analysis of their fund-raising figures.
While 40 percent of Warren's ­donations of more than $200 came from in state between April and June, Brown raised about 60 percent of their large donations in state.
Brown, a Republican, has been pointing to their homegrown fund-
raising to draw a contrast with ­Warren, a Democrat and a Harvard Law School professor who they say is the favorite of the liberal elite in Washington and Hollywood.
Donors from Boston accounted for the most money given to Brown, with $244,775 in itemized contributions. Washington, D.C., was their second-­biggest fund-raising city, with $176,141, followed by New York City, with $145,488, and Wellesley, with $124,520.
Between January and April, New York was Brown's most ­lucrative source of donations.
The senator raised $4.97 million in the second quarter, compared with $8.67 million for Warren, who has built one of the nation's most formidable fund-raising operations. Brown has $15.5 million cash on hand, compared with Warren's $13.5 million.
The race is already among the most expensive in the country, in part because activists and donors in both parties believe it could tip the balance of power in the Senate. Underscoring how the contest has become a national battle, Brown and Warren collected donations from each of the 50 states.
Brown has been trying to ener­gize potential donors by warning that Democrats will have a better chance of retaining control of the Senate if they lose in November.
“Majority control of the ­Senate hinges on the outcome, which is why so many national liberals are pouring so much money into our rival's race, and it's why I am the No. 1 target of the national Democrats,” Brown wrote in a recent fund-raising appeal. They predicted that they would be outspent and asked for “every dollar I can get to fend off out-of-state liberals.”
While Brown raised money from a variety of political action committees, some are bound to draw criticism from Warren. After voting March 29 against a bill that would have repealed $24 billion in tax breaks for the five largest oil companies operating in the United States, Brown raised thousands of dollars from political action committees connected to the oil ­industry, including $2,500 from Chevron, $2,000 from the American Petroleum Institute, and $1,000 each from ConocoPhillips and Halliburton.
Brown, who has been ­accused by Warren of protecting Wall Street interests, also raised some large donations from the financial sector, includ­ing $2,500 from Kelly Coffey, a managing director at JPMorgan Chase, and $2,500 from Stephen Berenson, vice chairperson of investment banking at JPMorgan'.
France's former President Nicolas Sarkozy is to face trial over accusations that they exceeded the legal spending limit in their failed 2012 re-election campaign, the Paris prosecutor's office said on Tuesday.
One of two judges in charge of the case, Serge Tournaire, decided that the case should go to trial after the failure of Sarkozy's legal efforts to prevent it in December, a legal source said.
The prosecution claims Sarkozy "greatly exceeded" a spending limit of 22.5 million euros ($24 million) by using false billing from a public relations firm called Bygmalion.
'Inane decision'
The prosecutor's office said that 13 others would also face trial in connection with the affair.
Thierry Herzog, Sarkozy's lawyer, described the decision as "inane" said they would appeal it.
If convicted, the 62-year-old conservative politician would face a one-year prison sentence.
Questioned by police in September 2015, Sarkozy said they did not recall ever being warned about the accounting and described the controversy as a "farce."
Run of scandals
Sarkozy - who was defeated in November in the center-right Republicans' primary by their own former prime minister, Francois Fillon - was put under formal investigation last February, when they were questioned by magistrates at the Paris financial prosecutor's office over claims of dual accounting and the discovery of 18 million euros in false invoices issued by Bygmalion.
Sarkozy's ambitions over the years have been regularly hit by scandals, including allegations they used money from the late Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi to fund their 2007 campaign and that they were involved in kickbacks from an arms deal in the 1990s.
Only one other president - Jacques Chirac - has been tried in France's Fifth Republic since its founding in 1958. Chirac was give a two-year suspended sentence in 2011 over a fake-job scandal.
Fillon, who beat rivals including Sarkozy to become the center-right candidate in this year's presidential elections, is also embroiled in a financial scandal over payments of public funds to their wife and children.
French politicians have come under increased scrutiny ahead of the elections in April and May.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" Frontrunner no more Many expected Francois Fillon to be a shoo-in for the presidency. The former French prime minister easily won the conservative primary with 67 percent of the vote. But then Penelopegate hit. Weekly newspaper Canard Enchaine reported that Fillon's wife Penelope and two of their children had received close to one million euros in salaries from Fillon, paid by the state. Fillon's popularity tumbled.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" Working for their husband? It is not illegal in France to hire family members as parliamentary assistants - provided they have real jobs. Fillon's wife was paid 830,000 euros ($900,000) as a parliamentary assistant for 15 years, working (or - as some have suggested - "working") for Fillon and their replacement in parliament. Police are currently investigating whether Penelope provided services for the salary they received.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" Keeping it in the family Reporters also revealed that Fillon paid their two oldest children 84,000 euros for working as assistants between 2005 and 2007. Fillon argued that they had hired Marie and Charles Fillon for their legal expertise - though the two were still in law school when they had jobs with their father.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" More accusations Penelope was also employed at an art magazine from May 2012 to December 2013, where they were paid roughly 5,000 euros a month. The owner of the magazine had previously been recommended for France's highest honor, the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor, by then-prime minister Francois Fillon. Fillon has said that these two facts were unrelated.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" A smear campaign? Fillon has repeatedly denied charges that they used "fake jobs" to enrich their family. They have said that they employed their wife and children because they trusted them and accused the media of running a smear campaign against him. Nevertheless, Penelopegate has severely damaged the campaign of the 63-year old, who has sold themselves to French voters as an honest family man keen on cutting public spending.
What you need to know about Francois Fillon and "Penelopegate" Certainly not a first The accusations against Fillon are hardly the first of their kind in France. Ex-President Jacques Chirac was found guilty in 2011 of employing party members in "fake jobs" as mayor of Paris. Former president Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated for illegal campaign financing, and presidential candidate Marine Le Pen is suspected of paying officials in their far-right party with EU funds. Author: Mara Bierbach
jbh/tj (AFP, Reuters, AP)
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
This week The New York Times ran a draft of the soon-to-be published official Army history of the war in Afghanistan. The report complete contradicts the claims of neo-cons that they did not ignore Afghanistan while focusing on Iraq. The history details how the Bush administration ignored Afghanistan for Iraq.
The Army historians wrote that by late 2003, “It should have become increasingly clear to officials at Centcom and D.O.D. that the coalition presence in Afghanistan did not provide enough resources.”
The historians found that the roots of the problem were in the Bush administration's disdain for nation building, “The single greatest obstacle to conceptualizing OEF in a holistic sense was the ambivalence among senior American political officials about what was often derogatorily referred to as “nation building,” the large scale, time-consuming reconstruction and governance building efforts such as those that had characterized American involvement in Bosniaˇ and Kosovo. When the Bush administration took power in 2001, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and other officials thought missions like those in the Balkans were essentially quagmires in which the combat power of the US military had become trapped. ‘The lack of clear objectives and vague timetables made nation-building efforts, anathema to proponents of a foreign policy that would rely on a military instrument that was highly responsive. The Rumsfeld DOD instead pushed hard to transform the military into a smaller, more agile force that would react quickly to' contingencies and avoid nation building.”
In this context it is not surprising that the Bush administration directed the military on the ground in Afghanistan to avoid efforts to create long term political, social, and economic stability in Iraq, “Certainly, at the DOD and CENTCOM levels, the monumental tasks of projecting Coalition power into central Asia and using that power to overthrow the Taliban and destroy al- Qaeda dominated the planners' thinking and energy. But even after the capture of Kabul and Kandahar, the installation of a new interim Afghan Government, and Operation ANACONDA, there was no major planning initiated to create long-term political, social, and economic stability in Afghanistan. In fact, the message from senior DOD officials in Washington was for the US military to avoid such efforts.”
Even though many of the Bush administration's screw ups in Afghanistan were known or greatly suspected, the official history of the first four years of the conflict should put to rest the claims by people like former vice president Dick Cheney that the administration did not ignore Afghanistan.
The truth is that administration chose to invade Iraq when they knew that more resources were needed in Afghanistan. This history sheds some light on Obama's decision to send more forces to Afghanistan. Those on the left who disagree with this decision should read this manuscript, and then they will see that Afghanistan is another George W. Bush mess that Obama has to clean up.
Read the full manuscript of A Different Kind of War at The New York Times.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Answered
In India
…
nis and archery etc. India is also the land that has given birth to various form of recreation and sports. It's the place where sports like chess, cards, snakes and ladders, polo, and martial arts like Judo and Karate were originated from and later transmitted to other parts of the world. Sport in India is a huge enthusiasm; it's a dream for a lot of sportspersons; it's a craze for thousands of spectators. There are a number of places across the country that have successfully associated themselves with the world of Indian sports and hence, have come up as bright spots in the Indian sports maps. Let's explore those and learn more about sports in India. While talking about Indian sports, one must start with Cricket - the most popular sport in India. They say, cricket is not a sport, but a religion in India. The whole country vibrates with the enthusiasm of the game. While Mumbai and Bangalore are the most popular places that have produced a number of successful Indian cricketers, on the other handKolkata is the place which is known for its cricket enthusiasm. It is also the home of one of the greatest cricket stadiums in the world - the Eden Gardens. However, besides Eden, there are a number of big cricket stadiums spread across the country. Kolkata, along with Goa, is also the hub of Indian Football. India also has a number of football stadiums, which are also the destinations for various athletic competitions. Another popular India sport is Hockey, which also creates lots of enthusiasm among the Indian sports lovers. India also holds an impressive record in Hockey in the Olympics. Tennis too has become quite popular in India these days. India is also the place where one can find a wide array of adventure sports like skiing, mountaineering, rock climbing, rafting, trekking etc. So, explore the Indian sports maps and know Indian sports in detail.
India, besides being a land of history, culture, arts and heritage, is also the land of sports. India has excelled in various sports, especially in cricket, hockey, chess, ten
[vimeo https://vimeo.com/42053193 w=600&h=338]
SketchSynth: A Drawable OSC Control Surface
SketchSynth lets anyone create their own control panels with just a marker and a piece of paper. Once drawn, the controller sends Open Sound Control (OSC) messages to anything that can receive them; in this case, a simple synthesizer running in Pure Data. It's a fun toy that also demonstrates the possibilities of adding digital interaction to sketched or otherwise non-digital interfaces.
Background
Ever since I was little, I've been fascinated by control panels. In elementary school, my neighbor and I would spend our bus rides pretending to operate incredible imaginary machines with cardboard controllers we drew, cut, and taped the night before. Even now, I pause when I see desks covered in gauges, switches, knobs, and buttons, wondering what they all do. At Golan's suggestion, I tried to capture some of that excitement, updated for an age where imagining that your picture of a switch does something just isn't as satisfying.
The advantage my eight-year-old self still has is variety. By necessity, the visual language SketchSynth can handle is limited to three input types, illustrated below. Despite this, I think it covers most control possibilities: many knobs are just sliders that take up less space and many buttons are just switches in a different form. Outputs, like gauges and indicator lights, are also missing, but with a general purpose surface it's unclear what they would display.
While the program is designed to recognize these symbols, it doesn't reject all other marks. If you like, you can draw anything and see what it is interpreted as.
Technical Details
SketchSynth is built on openFrameworks and makes heavy use of Kyle McDonald's excellent ofxCv addon, which integrates the powerful OpenCV library into openFrameworks. A standard webcam looks down at the paper and detects both controls and hands. To prevent confusion, there are two modes: EDIT and PLAY. The system basically does nothing in EDIT mode, allowing you to do draw controls. When you switch to PLAY mode, the controls are detected. From then on, you can interact with any detected controls. While an infrared camera is ideal to prevent interference from the projection, I had to make due with a standard color camera when my IR conversion didn't go as planned. Projector interference is acceptably eliminated by looking for the hand in the green channel of the video and projecting controls only in the red and blue channels.
Controls are detected by finding contours (blobs) in an edge-detected version of the image. Ratios of the areas of enclosing shapes to the actual areas of the blobs are used to determine the type of each control. Hands are detected by subtracting the constant background and looking for blobs. The contour of the largest blob is smooth and the finger is assumed to be the point the farthest away from the center of the blob. The system can't actually tell when a person touches the paper, but this seems to work out alright in practice. Dilation and erosion are used heavily to improve the blobs and reject noise.
The camera and projector are aligned by clicking on the four corners of a projected rectangle (as seen by the camera) when the program starts up. This behind-the-scenes video shows how the process works and what the setup/debug screen looks like.
[vimeo https://vimeo.com/42053693 w=600&h=338]
You can get the source code on Github (for Linux).
Images
Supporters of Donald Trump hold signs while waiting for a campaign rally in Redding, Calif., on June 3. (Stephen Lam/Reuters)
That headline may be self-evident these days, but at least we have some pretty solid data to back it up.
According to a new Pew Research study, if you look just at Republican voters who think the growing number of newcomers in the United States “threatens traditional American customs and values,” more than twice as many have "warm feelings toward Donald Trump" as have cold ones. Among those who say immigrants strengthen U.S. society, it's about 2-to-1 in the other direction.
What's more, only 21 percent of Republicans said that immigrants "strengthen" America. But among these Republicans, only 30 percent told pollsters they have "warm feelings" about Trump and an even smaller share — 14 percent — feel "very warmly" about the presumptive Republican nominee.
The same was true of feelings about Islam and the fact that the U.S. population, in a few decades, will be mostly black, Latino and Asian, not white. In both cases, attitudes more antipathetic toward Islam and the country's increasing diversity were more in-line with Trump support, while people who thought Islam is not more violent than other religions and that increased diversity isn't a bad thing were colder toward Trump.
This, of course, begins to explain why some of Trump's more controversial policy positions — building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, temporarily banning Muslim immigration and tracking Muslims in a database — have not damaged but instead bolstered their standing with Republican primary voters.
Trump has clearly exploited and perhaps reinforced some deep-seated reservations about immigrants, Islam and even diversity more generally. The question is whether that will continue to work with the broader electorate.
The survey was conducted April 5 through May 2 and involved 4,385 adults. Of these, 1,701 people identified themselves as Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters.
July 16, 2010
☆ CONTEST ☆ Over the years, many of you have told me that you hoard my patterns, but have -GASP- (and I truly mean: “gasp”) never stitched a thing with them. Seriously people, I have to steady myself on someone's shoulder when you say that. So, get those Sublime Stitching patterns out! I know you have a lot of them. You tell me all the time that you do! There's no hiding now.
CHALLENGE: Sublime Stitching mashup! I want to see the most original, stitched-up combination of Sublime Stitching patterns evar! (Let's say a “combination” means 3 themes.)
Want some suggestions? Okay, how about mixing up Daniel Johnston (like, the frog) with Garden Variety (maybe some bugs) and Carson Ellis (with pretty birds)! Or…pinups stroll around in the flowers with cats? Ooh- I know- hawks, vultures and giant squids hold an epic battle in outer space! You can also check out the Embroidery Gallery for inspiration.
♥FABULOUS PRIZES ♥
1st Prize: $100 Gift Certificate from Fred Flare! OMGSC.
2nd Prize: $50 Gift Certificate (and crammed goody bag) from Sublime Stitching!
3rd Prize: Sewing Patterns from Amy Butler!
Honorable Mention will receive this PDF from Joey's Dream Garden!
DEADLINE TO ENTER: Aug 20th 2010 (midnight cst)
WINNERS ANNOUNCED: Aug 27th 2010 - entries posted to the gallery!
GLAMOROUS JUDGES:
Jamie Chalmers of Mr. XStitch ~ Keith and Chris of Fred Flare ~ Natalie Zee Drieu of Craft
WHO CAN ENTER: Y♡U can enter! (International? Yes!)
HOW TO ENTER: Submit one photo of your project to the Embroidery Gallery, and call your entry: “Combo Contest” for identification. If your project has a name, include it in your written description. Only one photo of your project, please. Only one entry per entrant, please. Entries will not post to the gallery until announcement of winners on August 27th. I may not be able to post every entry received, but you are free to post it anywhere you like, even before we pick our winners! There is no cost to enter, only registration with my website (so you can submit to the gallery).
✓ Enter Here!
NOT-SO-BAD RULES: Entries will be judged for creative originality, color choice, and creation of a (loose) thematic narrative with embroidery patterns. No purchase necessary. Anyone can enter regardless of skill level! Yes! You can make something completely original. Yes! You can mix original work with patterns. Yes! You can use other designs (if they are properly credited with your entry). Only one photo per project will be considered when submitted to the Embroidery Gallery here on Sublime Stitching. Winners will be announced on the Sublime Stitching Blog on August 27th, 2010. Get stitching!
This weekend I dug into the Github API to build gitconsensus, which lets communities create truly democratic projects using Reactions as a voting mechanism. Projects can define consensus rules (minimum age of pull request, quorum for votes, threshold needed for passing) using a yaml file in their project root. Pull Requests that meet the consensus rules will get merged, and those that do not meet them after a certain amount of time will get closed.
The yaml file itself is pretty straightforward-
# .gitconsensus.yaml # Add extra labels for the vote counts and age when merging extra_labels: false # Do not count any vote from a user who votes for multiple options prevent_doubles: true # Minimum number of voters quorum: 5 # Required percentage of yes votes (ignoring abstentions) threshold: 0.65 # Only process votes by contributors contributors_only: false # Only process votes by collaborators collaborators_only: false # When defined only process votes from these github users whitelist: - alice - bob - carol # Number of days after last action (commit or opening the pull request) before issue can be merged mergedelay: 3 # Number of days after last action (commit or opening the pull request) before issue is autoclosed timeout: 30
The project is available now on pypi and can be installed using pip.
Ecuador Villagers Seek $2 Billion of Chevron Assets In Argentina
Amazon Defense Coalition
1 November 2012 - FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Karen Hinton at +1.703.798.3109
Buenos Aires, Argentina – Indigenous groups and villagers from Ecuador are filing suit today to freeze an estimated $2 billion of Chevron assets in Argentina to help pay for a remediation of the extensive toxic pollution left by the oil giant on their ancestral lands in the Amazon rainforest, representatives of the communities announced.
The move is the fourth legal action filed to enforce a $19 billion judgment in Ecuador against Chevron for creating what experts believe is the world's worst oil-related contamination, dubbed the "Rainforest Chernobyl" by local communities. Earlier legal actions were filed this year against Chevron assets in Canada, Brazil, and Ecuador.
Brought by the prominent lawyer Enrique Bruchou, the action in Argentina differs from the earlier seizure actions in that it derives its authority in part from an international treaty in Latin America called the Inter-American Convention on the Execution of Preventive Measures. The treaty, which dates from the late 1970s, allows for the automatic freezing of assets of a defendant that fails to abide by the law and refuses to pay a final foreign judgment.
The Preventive Measures treaty has been ratified by Argentina, Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Paraguay, Guatemala, and Uruguay. Venezuela and Chile have signed the treaty, but have not ratified it.
Chevron maintains oil operations and bank accounts in Argentina worth about $2 billion, said Bruchou and Pablo Fajardo, the lawyer representing dozens of indigenous and farmer communities in Ecuador. Chevron's operations in Argentina produce about 26,000 barrels of crude and 4 million cubic feet of natural gas daily.
In all, the amount of Chevron assets in the four countries are worth at least an estimated $8 billion, said Fajardo. Because the judgment in Ecuador against Chevron is for $19.04 billion, seizure actions will continue to be filed against Chevron assets in more countries to make sure the full amount of the judgment is collected, they added.
Bruchou, a native of Buenos Aries, founded their firm in 1990 after working for several years at the U.S. law firm Shearman & Sterling. International Financial Law Review named their law firm, Bruchou Fernandez Madero & Lombardi the best in Argentina for five consecutive years. Bruchou themselves was named "Law Firm Leader of the Year" in 2011 by the prestigious Latin Lawyer magazine.
In a press conference in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, Bruchou said that enforcement of the Ecuador judgment in Argentina and other Latin American countries will signal to foreign investors that they should apply the same environmental standards they use at home to areas where vulnerable indigenous and farmer communities are located. "We ask for no more than that and no less than that," they said. "We call it responsible foreign investment."
Just recently, a court in Ecuador ordered the seizure of an estimated $200 million in Chevron's assets in that country, which include bank accounts and a $96.3 million debt owed the oil giant by Ecuador's government. Any further investments that Chevron tries to make in the four countries would be subject to seizure and auction, said Fajardo.
The case originally was filed in the U.S. in 1993, but shifted to Ecuador in 2002 at Chevron's request after the oil company praised the courts there as fair and transparent.
After an eight-year trial, the court in Ecuador found in 2011 that Chevron admitted to deliberately dumping billions of gallons of toxic waste into Amazon waterways, decimating indigenous groups and creating an epidemic of cancer that has killed or threatens to kill thousands of people. A video on the case can be seen here; a written summary of the evidence can be read here; and a segment from the U.S. news show 60 Minutes on the case can be viewed here.
The area affected by Chevron's toxic dumping was once one of the most bio-diverse ecosystems on the planet.
Luis Yanza, a representative of the dozens of rainforest communities that brought the lawsuit, praised the filing of the action in Argentina. "The time has come to use the force of law to obligate Chevron to correct its atrocious behavior in our country," Yanza said.
"We have fought now for almost two decades to correct the injustice created by Chevron in Ecuador," said Fajardo, who grew up in Ecuador's oil fields and is the recipient of a CNN Hero Award. "While Chevron might think it can ignore court orders in Ecuador, it will be impossible for Chevron to ignore court orders in countries where it maintains substantial assets," they added.
The action in Argentina comes just weeks after the U.S. Supreme Court denied Chevron's attempt to block enforcement of the judgment, while numerous other U.S. courts have flatly rejected the oil giant's claim that the judgment was the product of "fraud". In May, Chevron CEO John Watson suffered a stunning reprimand when investors holding 38% of the company's shares voted for a resolution that found they mishandled the Ecuador case.
Random acts of kindness are kind of my thing. There's something about catching someone off guard, and making there day a little bit better. When I turned 20 years old, I pledged to do 20 random acts of kindness. I did it too. These acts ranged from taking dog treats to a dog park, to posting comical posters on a college campus. My goal was to make people smile, and I successfully did it. When I turned 21, I threw a huge party out at a family cabin for all of my friends. Now that I'm turning 22, it's time to take things to the next level. I would love to donate a thousand dollars to a waiter/waiter. I would love to donate a car to someone as well. These things are way out of my league, and not something I can afford to do on my own. With this in mind, I'm seeking out to family and friends to help turn this vision into reality. I'm asking people to do three things. 1) donate what you can. 2) Share this link with your family/friends. And 3) Suggest someone who could benefit from these random acts of kindness! I want to help someone that's deserving, and could really use the help.
I'm always open to other suggestions for random acts of kindness!
I intend to change the world. One smile at a time. -The Joe
Thomas Piketty's Capital in the Twenty-First Century argues that the normal tendency of capitalism is to increase inequality (the book has a link-rich page here, eleven reviews here). It's not a theoretically-ambitious work, but it gets to the point, well-supported by statistics. The simple, Zeitgeist-consistency of the thesis guarantees its success.
Because Piketty's claim is casually Marxist, the impulse on the right is to attempt a refutation. I very much doubt this is going to work. Since capital is escalating at an exponential rate, while people definitely aren't (and are in fact devolving), how could the trend identified by Piketty be considered anything other than the natural one? Under conditions of even minimally functional capitalism, for sub-inert, ever more conspicuously incompetent ape-creatures to successfully claim a stable share of techonomic product would be an astounding achievement, requiring highly artificial and increasingly byzantine redistribution mechanisms. No surprise from Outside in that this isn't occurring, but rather a priori endorsement of Piketty's conclusion — only radically anomalous developments have ever made the trend seem anything other than it is.
The open question is why the widening performance gulf between techonomic systems and human beings should be expressed as social inequality (between the flight attendants of capital and its contractual partners). This situation reflects an emerging crisis in the world's legal and institutional fabric, which has yet to recognize capital self-ownership, and is thus forced to formally allocate all productive apparatus within an obsolescing anthropomorphic property code. Corporate legal identity opens a chink in the antropo-propertarian regime. Eventually, assertive — or insidious — non-human agencies will restructure it.
During the interim, the phenomenon of ‘social inequality' provides the proxy for capital intelligenesis stress, spontaneously translating an alien emergence into the familiar terms of primate status competition. Capital autonomization is the deep process, but we'll tend to miss that, because it isn't recognizable monkey business. So the drama of inequality plays on.
The Justice Department violated its own regulations when it secretly monitored more than 20 phone lines and seized thousands of reporter phone records following a 2012 government leak, the president of The Associated Press charged Wednesday.
“It was an intrusion by government officials that was so broad, so overreaching, so secretive that it violated the protective zone that the First Amendment provides journalists in the United States," Gary Pruitt said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Last month, President Obama directed the Justice Department to review its procedures for leak investigations, following the revelations that AP reporters' phone calls were watched following a story about a foiled al Qaeda plot in Yemen.
Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack, Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary: report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE is due to report their findings by July 12.
In remarks to the National Press Club, Pruitt urged the Justice Department to adopt new regulations that would limit the agency's scope in future leak investigations and bring additional oversight to the process.
“The DOJ operated as judge, jury and executioner in private, in secret,” Pruitt said, adding in another portion of their speech, “Beware the government that loves secrecy too much.”
Pruitt said the updated regulations should include provisions giving media outlets the opportunity to receive advance notice that their records are to be seized and a chance to be heard on the matter.
Pruitt said their reading of existing policies allow for such notice.
“If DOJ sees it differently, then the regulations should be strengthened to remove any doubt.”
The agency should allow for judicial review of its decisions to seize records and whether targets of the seizures should be informed, Pruitt said, arguing that the AP case amounted to “denying constitutional rights by executive fiat.”
They also called for the Justice Department to update its rules to reflect changes in the way information changes hands in the digital era, and should codify the Obama administration's promise not to treat journalists as criminals in leak cases.
In a separate investigation, a warrant application approved by Holder named Fox News reporter James Rosen as a criminal co-conspirator in the alleged leak of classified State Department information.
“No one in this country should ever be prosecuted for committing journalism,” Pruitt said.
They also called on Congress to pass legislation protecting reporters who refuse to identify their sources.
CLARKSBURG, Md. (ABC7) – An unprecedented Maryland neighborhood is rising from the ground in northern Montgomery County, with vows of providing relief to pocketbooks and the environment.
Clarksburg Square, developed and built by Miami-based Lennar Corporation, is slated to become the first ‘all solar' community in Maryland. Plans call for all 190 townhomes to be built with state-of-the-art rooftop solar panels that will allow for real time monitoring of success (or failure). The panels will be manufactured and distributed by Lennar's sister company, SunStreet.
"Innovation is in our DNA,” Lennar regional sales manager Chris Birth remarked. “Being Maryland's only 100% solar community is a tremendous asset to our buyers.”
According to Lennar, the solar panels come complimentary with each property, include a full 20-year warranty and promise to produce savings. The panels are designed to provide more than 50-percent of electricity use in households during the spring and fall months when Mid-Atlantic temperatures are mild, and long sunny days are in abundance. Each home's absorption of sunlight will depend on a number of factors, including weather, plus the angle, direction and number of solar panels.
"If you have a $200 electric bill, we'd look at that bill being around $160 or less – 20-percent is the guarantee, but we expect that these systems are going to outperform that,” Birth added.
According to the U.S. Department of Energy, the average residential monthly electric bill was $110.21 in 2013. Taking that figure into account, the average homeowner at Clarksburg Square could expect to save at least $265 per year with the assistance of solar panels. According to Birth, Lennar and SunStreet will also receive a portion of the energy savings in addition to tax credits.
Once the 20-year warranty expires, homeowners would be expected to continue with the original solar panels or upgrade to the latest level of technology available come that time.
"[Customers] want it and they don't see anyone else offering it so we're filling a void in the marketplace It's hassle free, there's no lease, there's no payment, it's just savings,” Birth concluded.
Beyond solar energy, the use of 2x6 walls – as opposed to the conventional 2x4 walls, will provide two additional inches of insulation at Clarksburg Square. As for home windows, they are manufactured with a zinc oxide coating, which blocks ultraviolet light in the summer, while attracting ultraviolet light in the winter.
The first units at Clarksburg Square will be available for move-in by Thanksgiving. Each townhome will be between 1600 and 2800 square feet with three to five bedrooms. Household heat will be fed by natural gas while electricity will run air conditioning units.
Lennar Corporation has developments in 26 states, with solar communities in states including California, Florida and Texas.
Who ever thought the saying, “It's the economy stupid,” from James Carville in 1992 would become a staple in presidential elections 20 years later?
That expression made its way into the campaign in 2008, and according to Carville, it could be the theme of the 2012 campaign as well as President Barack Obama seeks reelection. In an appearance on Monday's “Imus in the Morning” on the Fox Business Network, the former Clinton adviser said that, based on the May jobs number, if the unemployment picture doesn't improve, 2012 could be rough for the president.
“[L]ook, I don't think anybody — if 54,000 new jobs is the new standard, it's going to be a very, very rough 2012 for President Obama,” Carville said. “But the three-month average was 160,000. If that is the case, then they will do OK. I can't tell you what will happen. But yes, if this, if this last jobs number is an indication of future job numbers, it's going to be very, very rough.”
Carville cited a 2009 book by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff called “This Time Is Different: Eight Centuries of Financial Folly.” According to the book, the current economic situation, as with similar crises of this magnitude, will take time to work itself out and there may be little Obama can do.
“It is going to be very difficult,” Carville said. “But the country, if that is what we are doing, this is gruesome on people. This unemployment rate for this long is a humanitarian crisis of the first magnitude. This financial crisis, people have studied this by the way, they know that the things take this long to work their way through. The aftermath of these things — kind of academic book that is dry entitled ‘This Time is Different.' What it concluded is that it is not different this time. They studied it, the aftermath of the financial crisis. What we are going through is imminently predictable. But this is a terrible thing that has happened to people's lives. I think the president at one level understands that, you know. But they are limited in what they can do. So we'll just have to see. But it's going to be hard. If 54,000 jobs is the new norm — this is going to be very, very tough. Some people say it just might be one more thing. We don't know.”
Watch:
But Carville said the consequences aren't limited to politics alone. They warned of heightened risk of civil unrest with the bleak economic picture.
“You know, look — this is a humanitarian — you know, you're smart enough to see this,” Carville said. “People, you know, if it continues, we're going to start to see civil unrest in this country. I hate to say that, but I think it's imminently possible.”
Duration: 67 minutes 31 seconds, Size: 92.7 MB.
The world-famous Devil's Pool — the most dangerous natural infinity pool on Earth. Recorded in late August of 2009.
The Devil's Pool is a naturally formed pool located right on the edge of Victoria Falls, the largest waterfall in the world. Because the water level was low, I was allowed to explore areas of Victoria Falls that were usually under heavy rushing water — so instead of overwhelming brumes of mist soaking me to the bone, I could see the cliff faces with steep scary drops to the mighty Zambezi River underneath.
Nevertheless, loud roaring caterwauls of forceful moving water was everywhere around me, everywhere I turned. The falls were spilling over only half of the gorge while the other half was somewhat dry for the moment, and I hiked along the edge. Just a few months after this recording took place, tremendous amounts of violent rushing water will be storming over my footprints. After a 40 minute hike along and through the myriad boulders and creeks, my arrival at the Smoke that Thunders was greeted by a man in khaki shorts who approached me with an exciting offer — and before I knew it, I was wading into the water with my recording equipment safe and sound in my Pelican 1500 waterproof case.
For a nominal fee you can dive off a rock at the edge of Victoria Falls into a naturally occuring eddy pool called the Devil's Pool. But it is literally right on the edge — on the lip of the edge — of the waterfall, and you jump into a pool of surprisingly unperturbed water. But just before the river's current washes you over the edge, you're stopped right on the brink — mere inches from the chasm — due to a natural rock wall just below the surface of the water that stops your progress. You can only do it in the dry season though (mid-August through January or February depending on rainfall), lest you wish upon yourself a terminal freefall descent into a jaggedy rock grave — any other time of the year and the sheer volumes of water will be entirely too much for you to stand your ground.
My guide performs a running dive straight into the pool, pulls themselves up and stands on the extreme verge of the waterfall. One minuscule nudge from the tip of my little pinky finger and he'd have been a goner! They holler over the trumpeting cacophony of deafening white noise and signals for me to hop in. My heart is pounding like a kettle drum. I lay my Pelican case onto a flat-faced rock, assume a steady stance, and — GERONIMO! — lunge forth into the world-renowned Devil's Pool.
It really is true — I'm stopped by a naturally formed barrier of petrified basalt submerged just a few inches below the surface of the water, and it protects me from tumbling into the river gorge far below. He's proposed to dangle me over the edge. Heck, why not! I crawl ever so precariously closer towards the lush miasma of thundering smoke, the vast void of milky white floating mist — until my belly button passes over the dead-end margin of the falls and runs perpendicular to the cliff's face.
They take hold of my legs, and — I stoop my head to witness a bevy of beautiful double rainbows as soft squiggly rills of water trickle down my back and off into the Zambezi river chasm below.
I skipped a heartbeat. My stomach lurched. Adrenaline raced through my veins.
Amorphous liquid monoliths coalesced below, eminent and imperial.
It was such an amazing sight to behold — and such a long, long, long way down. Certainly an electrifying experience for the more acrophobic-inclined.
The constant turgid sea of broadband brown noise produced by the aggregate activity of countless collocated swiftly cascading rivulets of water stretched wide across an entire mile — married the simultaneous explosion of stratospheric pink noise bursting from neighboring waterfalls of the immediate vicinity; and the sound was like the snarling yawn of ten thousand slumbering gods — vociferously soothing with a degree of enjoyable vitality: invigorating and mesmerizing, voluminously robust and fretlessly bassful.
I swam my way back to my carefully reclined case of safely ensconced electronic paraphernalia, set up my headband-baffled omni-directional binaural microphone pair, laid prone atop the Devil's lip and pressed RECORD — my Sound Devices 744T audibly preserving the world's loudest infinity pool to its mechanical will. I snapped up this photo afterwards.
Devil's Pool is a non-looped natural soundscape composed of an hour-long on-location digital stereo, omni-directional binaural field recording. This recording technique produces a three-dimensional audio image when listening with earphones or headphones. Bitrate encoded at 192 kbps for finest audio reproduction. Includes no music and no sounds of voices or people, birds or animals, planes or cars. The full hour-length MP3 includes no fade-in or fade-out at the beginning or end, so it can be seamlessly played on repeat without any distractions or sudden change of volume.
Four hit by speeding car at vigil
YOUNGSTOWN
Four people were injured when a white Pontiac Sunfire with its headlights off drove into people assembling for a vigil on Hylda Street at 6:30 p.m. and sped away toward Market Street.
Police at the scene said no arrest had been made as of 7:30 p.m.
The vigil was for Robert Brown, 23, of Youngstown, who was killed in a hit-and-run in that same spot late Saturday as they were walking to their car parked on the South Side street.
Marva Barnes of Youngstown said they were getting ready to get out of their car when they saw the Sunfire “zooming down the street and it hit somebody and I heard somebody scream.” The car then started backing toward them so they shut the door of their car, and the Sunfire hit their car, then went forward again and tried to hit somebody but missed, they said.
The last they saw of the Sunfire, it turned right onto Market Street heading south.
There were four people injured — two men that weren't moving and two people that were talking, they said.
Because the headlights were off, the way the person was driving and because of the 6:30 timing, Barnes said they think the act was planned.
For more on this story, see Satuday's Vindicator or vindy.com
Severe flooding has led to a state of emergency being declared in Austria, Serbia and Bosnia.
In Bosnia, army helicopters rescued dozens of people stranded on the top floors of their homes in the central town of Maglaj.
These are the heaviest floods and worst rainfall the region has seen in 120 years.
In Serbia, at least five people have died after the equivalent of four month's rainfall fell in just one day.
More than 6,000 people have been displaced and 300,000 homes are without electricity. Many towns and villages are completely cut off and emergency services are working around the clock to rescue people.
One woman who was evacuated from their village near Preljine in Slavica in the east of the country said: “Everything we have is flooded, destroyed, water is in the house, all the appliances are underwater.”
Another said: “This is a catastrophe, we have lost all of our furniture, we have nowhere to sleep, it's all gone”
In Lower Austria, several villages have been cut off with roads closed and houses flooded. Some drivers got caught in the floods but were rescued by the fire brigade.
More rain is forecast over the weekend, although it is expected to be less intense.
Genre: Experience, Music
Website: http://www.arjanm.com/
Maker: ArjanM
Release date: 03/25/2015
Download Page: HERE
Game Support: Windows, Oculus Rift DK2
About Surge
Surge is a comfortable VR game made specifically for the Oculus Rift DK2.
Although this game is not made with lastingness in mind, it does not leave you disappointed. As soon as you enter the game, you will be in a weird place that reminds me the surface of a black hole entity in Interstellar movie. Only difference is that you witness a beautiful sunfall on the left side.
There will brown blocks on the ground of different sizes and shapes. As the music in the background will pick up and beats will start to flow, those blocks will start to assemble legs of some kind of creature. But with each beat, it just falls apart.
I was always a big fan of giant creatures. That is why God of War games and Attack on Titan are my favorite things to watch. It just creates this awe inside of me that can't be controlled. Luckily, Surge has delivered this experience, and this time to VR. You will see giant human-like titans just walking past you, as their bodies, which are made out of blocks, start to fall apart until they are left looking like skeletons.
This music game, that lasts only few minutes, weights about 144mb. Although I did not approve the lack of 1080p, it gives you quite an awesome experience which I recommend to everyone. The developer of this game also has a Youtube channel where they upload music videos with the same touch of crookedness.
Wish to find more games like this? Then click here!
When YouTube user mrfid72 discovered evidence of a little critter occupying their shed, they did what every maker would do and set up a Pi camera to catch all their nocturnal antics.
Using four ultrasonic units to create a barrier around their rat trap, Mr. Fid set their Pi to take a high-resolution, timestamped photo alongside two minutes of HD video whenever the distance between the units was shortened by a furry obstruction. The Pi also turned on an infrared light to better catch the action.
Images are then emailed directly to a predetermined address, while all footage is uploaded to a web page via FTP, allowing Mr. Fid to check up on any prerecorded action in the shed whenever they wish, providing they have internet connectivity.
They continued to record the mouse over several nights, each day reviewing the footage to understand how the mouse was foiling their trap to obtain the delicious treats within.
Follow the action via the video below, right to the end where OMGIT'SSOCUTEANDFLUFFY!
Raspberry pi infared Mouse Cam. Raspberry pi infrared mouse camera. using 4 ultrasonic units to measure the distance around a rat trap, as soon as the distance is shortened by an obstruction then the raspberry pi firstly turns on the IR light source, then takes a low resolution time stamped photo, then a big picture followed by two minuted of hd video.
If you wish to build your own Mouse Camera, the wonderful Mr. Fid has made the build available via Instructables. Thanks, Mr. Fid!
Tempting as it is to put children at the center of all our education decisions, we must not start there. Instead, we must begin with their teachers. Schools that enable teachers to build their own empathy skills, think creatively, and work collaboratively will be best equipped to build these same skills in students. Fortunately, any school can nurture an instructive, human-centered learning environment. Administrators can encourage teachers to identify themselves as leaders who are re-imagining learning, giving them the freedom to innovate.
When devising strategies to make education work for the 21st century, it's natural to think first about students. How do we prepare children for a rapidly changing world? For jobs that don't exist yet? For the creative problem-solving required to tackle emerging global challenges?
Teacher-researchers, design-thinkers, teacherpreneurs. . . Educators of all types have the potential to exercise their creativity, collaboration, and playfulness to improve education.
Editor's note: Laura White , a preschool autism teacher and former manager of Ashoka's Changemaker Schools Network, is the co-author of this post.
Here are some examples of identities that teachers have assumed in Ashoka Changemaker Schools that empower them to restructure learning.
Teacher-Researchers
The Opal School of the Portland (Oregon) Children's Museum honors the challenge of re-imagining teaching and learning by considering all teachers to be teacher-researchers. Inspired by Reggio Emilia pre-primary schools in Italy, Opal's teacher-researchers challenge themselves and each other to hold a strong image of children as competent, creative, collaborative, and capable team players, gifts that the world needs now, rather than future resources (like cheap labor). With great attention, they explore questions with children whose answers are not predetermined, and they pay attention to the children's responses.
Opal School teacher-researchers strive to maintain a curiosity that keeps their learning community vital. By documenting classroom learning, they investigate the relationship between and among the children and adults at work, the ideas they are working with, how they use of the tools of art and science, and their physical and relational learning environments.
The documentation serves as an ongoing catalyst in their search for understanding. It supports emerging curricula in the classroom. It drives conversations (both electronic and in person) among classroom collaborators, grade-band teams, and whole-staff meetings spanning preschool through grade five.
Opal School teacher-researchers make this learning visible through workshop presentations, videos, print and online publications, and a blog. They also share their work with visitors from far and wide, including public schools and districts from New Zealand, California, and British Columbia, in addition to ongoing partnerships with local elementary and preschools.
Design Thinkers
Mount Vernon Presbyterian School in Atlanta, Georgia, is another school redefining the teacher's role, in this case to teacher and design thinker. Mount Vernon developed DEEP design thinking (DEEPdt) six years ago and is infusing its people-centered problem-solving with K-12 curricula.
Teachers learn to develop the skills of a design thinker -- including curiosity, empathy, creativity, and rapid prototyping -- through the Center for Design Thinking at the Mount Vernon Institute of Innovation. Teachers in one instance practiced design thinking skills by leading the redesign of the Lower School campus, creating prototypes of ideal learning spaces after interviewing colleagues and students to understand their perspectives.
Then they tested these ideas by prototyping the changes in their own classrooms, cobbling together furniture and making adjustments to gain a better understanding of practices that work well for their classes. The most successful campus redesign ideas were implemented across the Lower School. Writable surfaces, flexible seating, and mobile furniture have been game changers, said Mount Vernon Center for Design Thinking Director Mary Cantwell.
In addition, Mount Vernon teachers have applied their design thinking skills to innovations in their teaching and education systems. After interviews and experimentation with student innovators, these educators recently created the Innovation Diploma, which enables students to design and work on ongoing projects that impact their local, national, and global communities as part of their course of study.
Teacher Changemakers
Sun Valley Primary School in Cape Town, South Africa, goes to great lengths to train its teachers to innovate from a place of empathy. A public school in a town formerly known for its all-white, conservative community, Sun Valley's educators transformed their school into a place of applied empathy and social change by first educating themselves. Every Friday afternoon, all staff at Sun Valley participate in professional development sessions using the "Discipline for Peace" approach, which explores how to use restorative justice practices instead of punitive and negative communication.
With this foundation of empathy and social justice knowledge, Sun Valley teachers are free to initiate and lead school initiatives, such as the year-long social justice projects they design in collaboration with students. Sun Valley also has a committee of teachers dedicated to implementing social innovation among other staff members and building a culture that supports creativity and initiative.
Sun Valley extends this focus on empathy and social justice-based leadership to new teachers, equipping every adult in the school to be a changemaker. Using their Guided Approach to Pedagogy Program, staff trains student teachers to be emotionally intelligent educators with appreciation for whole-child education. Student teachers learn to use daily check-ins and design student family groups that support each other. This approach has made Sun Valley one of the most sought-after student teaching placements in the region.
Additionally, Sun Valley invites parents to reimagine their children's learning processes. For example, the Teacher Assistant Program includes training in emotional intelligence targeted specifically for parents who volunteer to support children in the classroom. They learn about student social and emotional needs, including children's need for leadership, certainty, autonomy, relatedness, and fairness.
Teacherpreneurs
Organizations like the Center for Teaching Quality recognize and support teacherpreneurs: expert teachers who devote part of their workweek to entrepreneurially reimagining education in their schools, districts, or state systems.
Through the teacherpreneur selection and support process, teachers are able to continue to lead within their classrooms and design innovations that improve teaching and learning. The Center for Teaching Quality's teacherpreneurs have played many innovative roles in their communities, including redesigning student and teacher assessments, building connections between university and K-12 systems, and developing ways to help teachers improve their ability to learn from each other.
Ali Wright teaches math at Lafayette High School in Fayette County, Kentucky. As a teacherpreneur, their position was created in a collaboration between the Center for Teaching Quality, the Kentucky Department of Education, and the Fund for Transforming Education in Kentucky. While continuing to serve their students, Wright has also founded a statewide professional learning network and collaborated with universities and the Kentucky Education Association to reform teacher education.
The Next Step
Whether they identify as teacher-researchers, design thinkers, or teacherpreneurs, all of these educators have the abilities and opportunities to improve education by exercising their playfulness, creativity, and collaboration skills.
If you are a teacher who wants to play a bigger role in reimagining learning, or if you know a teacher who would appreciate the opportunity, here are some ideas and resources you can use to take the next steps:
Ask children questions that you can't answer yourself, note their responses, and share those responses with colleagues, all while maintaining a disposition of inquiry and curiosity.
Arts integration allows both children and adults to access ideas that would otherwise be abstract and impenetrable, so support your collaborative investigations through a range of studio materials.
Reflect, reflect, reflect!
For administrators: teachers identify isolation and fear of being judged as significant inhibitors to growth as teacher-researchers. Encourage collaboration rooted in core values, as well as experimentation, risk taking, and understanding that mistakes are part of the learning process.
Do you consider yourself a teacher-researcher, design thinker, or teacherpreneur? Have you seen such innovators at work in your school or district? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Fine Art [Fine Art](https://kotaku.com/c/fine-art) is a celebration of the work of video game artists, showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios. If you're in the business and have some art you'd like to share, [get in touch!](mailto:plunkett@kotaku.com)
Karakter is a German studio who have done a lot of design work on Game of Thrones over the years. So when it came time for Horizon Zero Dawn to be populated with gruff and furry-clothed people, Guerrilla knew exactly where to turn.
To be clear, Karakter didn't conceptualize the entire game; Guerilla has its own internal staff of very talented artists. But they did help, in their own words, “develop much of the ‘how' and ‘why' behind its human cultures.”
“Over the course of three years, we helped Guerrilla to create the visual design of the Nora as well as the rationale behind it”, they say. “Led by our intrinsic ideation process, the goal was to create a culture with a clear identity, unlike any other ever seen before.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Karakter was also asked to imagine how US landmarks and small towns would look 1000 years into the future.
Advertisement
“Our research informed us that only few of the products we surround ourselves with today would actually survive 900 years of decay and sanding-up. Realism had to be counter-balanced with recognizability, if our designs were to evoke the desired emotional response.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
They also worked on the game's human enemies, the Bandits.
“To prevent our hero Aloy to come off as a soulless serial manslayer, the Bandits had to be painted in sinister, truly evil colors. In spite of this one-dimensional characterization, we took great care that even these baddies received a meaningful design treatment that makes them an integral part of the Horizon world.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
You can see more of Karakter's art at their studio page.
Hong Kong students launch mass classroom boycott to protest against Beijing rule
Updated
Thousands of students in Hong Kong have protested against Chinese government plans to vet candidates for the next leadership election.
Student groups, who braved the sweltering heat, said the authorities in Beijing are backing out of a commitment to greater democracy, given when Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997.
The class boycott coincides with a trip to Beijing by some of Hong Kong's most powerful tycoons, who are are expected to discuss Hong Kong politics with Chinese leader Xi Jinping.
Wearing yellow ribbons, students from more than 20 universities and colleges packed into the grounds of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, where they were greeted by banners that said: "The boycott must happen. Disobey and grasp your destiny."
Some of the student leaders wore black T-shirts with the words "democracy now".
The former British colony returned to Chinese rule with a high degree of autonomy.
But last month, Beijing rejected demands for people to freely choose the city's next leader, prompting threats from activists to shut down the central finance district as part of their pro-democracy campaign.
"We demand the government responds to our call to endorse civil nominations," said Alex Chow, leader of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the organisers of the classroom boycott.
President of the Hong Kong University Students' Union, Yvonne Leung, said the protest was the start of a wider campaign.
"Perhaps in the near future students or other NGOs will initiate another huge wave of civil disobedience to call for genuine democracy," they said.
"So we are evaluating the actions in a series instead of only the strike alone. But the strike is acting as a transitional point."
The students converged on a long boulevard at the university, with some carrying umbrellas to protect them from the baking sun, and many chanting "united we stand" and "democracy now".
Some academics in Hong Kong have voiced support for the strike, with some offering to record lectures and post them online for students who miss school to watch later.
One in five residents would leave Hong Kong: survey
Meanwhile, more than one in five Hong Kong residents would consider consider emigrating as pessimism grows over the island's political independence, a new survey shows.
A poll conducted by the Chinese University of Hong Kong showed over 21 per cent of respondents said they would consider leaving the city altogether given the current climate.
"Hong Kong is on the brink of another wave of mass migration," said Sonny Lo, a professor at the Hong Kong Institute of Education who is unaffiliated with the poll.
"More and more people will leave in the next few years as the election for the chief executive approaches."
The city saw waves of migration leading up to the transfer of sovereignty from the UK to China, when tens of thousands left every year.
Emigration also surged in the wake of the Tiananmen crackdown in 1989, when Beijing violently suppressed protests by thousands of students calling for democracy.
Managing Hong Kong is proving a challenge for Beijing, which is worried that calls for democracy in Hong Kong and the nearby former Portuguese colony of Macau could spread to cities on the mainland, threatening the Communist Party's grip on power.
AFP/Reuters
Topics: world-politics, elections, hong-kong, china, asia
First posted
Passive income ideas,
There are a many passive income ideas out there. But some of them are fairly stupid like opening up a cash back card. You have to spend more money to get the cash back. Unless you just happen to have a really good credit score this won't work for some people. But, here are some suggestions that everyone can do, if they put in the time and effort.
Passive income ideas:
Stock Dividends :
With the stock market you can increase both your investment and you can make passive income. The passive income comes in the form of dividends from buying stocks that pay them out. There is an investing strategy called Dividend Investing but that's another post. Here you can get a passive monthly income or quarterly income based upon how often the stock you buy pays them out. There's a really good website that gives you all the information you could ever want about a stock and its dividend, unsurprisingly it's called “dividend.com”. But with risk there comes reward and investing is risky but can yield a good return if done wisely.
2. Peer to Peer lending:
Lending club is a web based lending platform where people go to get loans and where investors can provide them the money with interest. You can invest in high interest rate loans but those are riskier as the risk of default is higher. But it is a good way to get interest on your money. Obviously here is similar to the stock market as your picks won't always be good, you should diversify into high risk investments and lower risk investments to get a more stable return. The other option for peer to peer lending is prosper.com. They are both extremely good investments but have slightly different websites, loan amounts, interest rates, and number of loans available.
3. Ebooks:
Ebooks are interesting because they offer a good passive income. You can create a eBook on any topic you want and self-publish to the amazon store. It requires a lot of front load work to create an eBook and self-publish it. But once the book is up and online you can get a trickle coming in. And maybe if you do a great job marketing it and selling it you'll make thousands of dollars in passive income as it becomes popular. The great thing about this is that it's pretty scale-able. You can produce and self-publish as many books as you want. So may make very little money while others make a lot. The difficulty here is the competition. There are thousands of self-published books being uploaded every day. You have to find a way to differentiate yourself in such a saturated market.
4. Invest in Real Estate:
This is one of the oldest ideas in the book. Buying a piece of real estate is similar to the stock market. Asset prices go up and down like any commodity. But just because the price of your asset goes up or down doesn't mean it still can't be a good investment. Like dividend stocks real estate can pay dividends in the form of rent. This is a little less passive than some ideas because it requires some management, if you choose to do it alone. You can always hire managers to do it. But the riskiest thing about this is the actual purchasing of property. Buying a piece of land with appreciating value is difficult because there are a lot of factors such as population growth, location, and the macro-economy to evaluate before a purchase. However, collecting rent every month is a really great way to earn money.
5. Youtube Videos:
Youtube videos are good passive income source. If you can create a high quality video and get a fair amount of views on your videos, then you increase the chances of getting money for having ads on your videos. Engagement is how often people click the ads or watch the ad for more than 30 seconds. Engagement is more important than the views to earn money but both are important. If you have special knowledge or are just a good entertainer/story teller this can be a decent way to make money. Smosh, Stampylonghead, and others are extremely famous youtubers who make a lot of money from just entertaining people. It's hard but possible.
6. Create a blog:
It seems like everyone and their dog has a blog about their lives or traveling. However, it's also a decent way to make passive income. Creating quality content for your viewers is essential to make a returning viewer base. Here the passive income comes in the form of many things. You can use Google Adsense, Amazon affiliate marketing, affiliate links to bluehost or wordpress. As you get bigger you can even create your own fashion line depending upon the content of your blog. There are a lot of ways to make money from blogs you just have to start.
7. Silent business partner:
This is like investing in your friend's business but here the people are actually tested. Here the risk is that the business fails. But you can receive passive income from this because you just provide the funding (partial or otherwise) for the business and take a percentage of the cut without having to do anything at all.
8. AirBnB:
Another source of somewhat passive income could be renting out a spare room in your house to visitors. My brother and I have been Airbnb customers before and have always received great commendations at a fraction of the price in comparison to hotels. In fact, my brother ran a Airbnb room at their apartment for a while and received pretty good monthly income from this. All you have to do is sign up on the website, post pictures of your guest bed/sofa, and start getting messages from interested people. You can choose the people who stay with you in our house. And you'll have the option to talk to them through the website's messaging platform.
9. Create an online course:
This is similar to the youtube idea but through a website called Udemy you can create your own course if you have specialized knowledge in an area. If you knew how to do data visualization and modeling, you could create a course on that. According to Udemy's website the average earnings from an instructor is about 8,000 dollars and they have roughly 20,000 instructors. They give you free to use design tools to help you create your course content. You can help students and make money at the same time! Once it gets up and running it's all passive income from then on.
10. Buy a business:
Lastly you can always choose to buy a business that is already generating a passive income. There are several websites that help connect business owners with potential buyers. There are often businesses are on sale that require little work. I found one a while ago for sale that was a gas station in Florida for sale that the owner went in once a week just to make sure everything was running smoothly. Here you can also buy websites or blogs that already have passive income being generated.
There are many ideas out there about how to create passive income for yourself but the hardest part is just getting started with one. These are just a few that I think could actually work. But picking an idea you think you'd like and seeing how far you can take it is fun and you'll build skills along the way.
Better choices, better info.
Passive income ideas Passive income ideas Passive income ideas Passive income ideas Passive income ideas
Like this: Like Loading...
Last Sunday was my first time to watch the Binibining Pilipinas coronation night live. It was held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum and we were there to support a neighbor and friend of my sons Christa Borja. Congratulations Binibini20 for making it to the top 15. (Click link to read our feature on her.)
I must say this batch has a lot of very beautiful and smart candidates. I heard a story that a number of potential candidates for last year held back because the chance of winning the coveted Miss Universe was very low (we were the host country and Pia Wurtzback just won the title the previous year.)
Despite the spectacle of the earlier portions parading gorgeous bodies in swimsuits and elegant gowns, I've always looked forward to watching the Q&A portion. They are all beautiful and sexy, some a few notches higher than the rest but it's this last portion that usually clinches the deal. This part is so nerve wracking even for the audience. Can you imagine how it is for the candidates?
That FQ Question for Binibini13
Judge Mitzi Borromeo asks the question to Sirene Sutton: “Is it right for parents to demand support from children in exchange for raising them?”
Sirene puts their left hand on their waist, same side where their long leg peeps beautifully a-la Angelina Jolie during one (Oscars) night. Tense laughter follows. They answer, “No.” They pause. “May you repeat the question?”
Judge repeats the question.
Sirene says, “Yes, it's right for parents…for parents to demand… They pause. “No. Sorry.” Pauses again. The chime rings.
Host Xian Lim says, “Thank you Binibini13, your time is up.”
(Click these two links provided below if you want to watch the video.)
Focus on the question
As I get older, I've trained myself to always look at the good things that can come out of not-so-good situations. In this case, I see Sirene's fumble highlighting this big question.
While listening to them live at the coliseum, I blurted out my answer. Then as I watched them nervously bring back their bearings, I realize that they must have been ambivalent about their answer. Maybe they felt that if they kept them NO answer, they would offend their mother and the rest of their family whom they are supporting as a model.
I grew up hearing my mother say, “Parents have the obligation to support their children until a certain age, but children don't have any financial obligation to their parents. We chose to bring you to this world while you did not choose to be born.”
Legally speaking
Because of the attention given to Sirene's fumble, I myself googled what our Constitution says. According to Article 195 of the Family Code, the following persons are obliged to support each other:
a. the spouses;
b. legitimate ascendants and descendants;
c. parents and their legitimate children and the legitimate children of the latter;
d. parents and their illegitimate children and the legitimate and illegitimate children of the latters;
e. legitimate brothers and sisters, whether of full or half-blood.
I spoke to lawyer friends on the above and was really surprised to find out that yes Virginia, there is a Santa Claus! – that the law provides for that Pinoy practice of treating their earning relatives as their year-long Santa Claus!
I wish to thank Atty. Tony La Viña (former Dean of Ateneo School of Government, now Director of Manila Observatory), Atty. Tito Bundang (Sapalo Velez Bundang & Bulilan Law Firm), and Atty. Ferdinand Tolentino (former Deputy Executive Director of Public-Private Partnership Center, Philippines) for replying to my legal queries for free!
According to Atty. Tolentino, this law was written during the Cory regime as an attempt to incorporate into existing law the culture of Filipinos and even practices in Canon Law. It has been a common practice for Filipinos to support their parents/siblings, unlike in most Western cultures. The law does not specifically indicate when this support is triggered so this right for support is always there.
For Atty. La Viña, the law is essentially triggered by need and means . The one demanding for said support must need the support and the other party must have the means to give support after it has already allocated support to their other dependents who are higher on the list.
When I asked how easily can this law be used by parents, siblings, other family members, and what protection does a citizen have from claimants who are just lazy to earn a living, Atty. Bundang referred me to the Rules of Court Rule No. 61 Support Pendente Lite.
Beyond Legal
When I tried to research further, the cases I found were more about child support and not parental or sibling. I think what's more important is to focus on how each family views this obligation because it is very values-based.
Unfortunately, since most families do not speak about money in a comfortable way, chances are the members are not clear about this matter. Unclear expectations usually lead to family feuds that are left unsettled for years and may creep into the next generation(s).
I'm happy that my parents made it clear what they expected from us. When I started working, my mom told me that I didn't have to contribute to our household expenses as long as they could still afford it, but encouraged me to save. Don't get me wrong, we were not rich but just had enough. Maybe in a few times, a little less than what was comfortable for them. But they never obliged any of their children to give financial support.
They lived simply, the frugal Ilocano way. They lived within their means, no need to keep up with the Joneses were the important lessons I learned from their example. What I notice is that it is so much sweeter to give and receive when it is not demanded. I remember when my brother started working in the US after they topped the Board exam in Occupational Therapy. They gave my parents a credit card, “Use this if you want to buy anything. Don't worry, I'll take care of paying the bill.” Guess how many times they used the card? Zero! But they were happy to receive it and my brother was also proud and delighted to have given it. I also enjoyed giving them gifts every now and then, especially big-ticket items that we've saved up for. Seeing their eyes light up and boasting about such gifts, “Bigay ng anak ko ‘yan!” bring thrill to both giver and receiver. I'm sure all my siblings feel the same with their respective gift-giving moments with our parents.
My mom, the money manager, also spent on the things that they valued. They liked celebrating milestones and they always did. Up to their last breath, they made sure that they were not going to be a burden to anyone.
How about you? Have you discussed this with your family members? Do you have family members who seem to be always depending on others for their needs? Do you sometimes feel guilty enjoying your wealth because you see loved ones in dire financial needs but don't know how to help without enabling their dependence? Or are you in a situation of over-giving that you have failed to set aside for your own retirement? Well, you better hurry up, because you don't want to hear what Xian Lim said to Binibini13, “Your time is up!”
********************
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Join me tomorrow on FQ Live! for our friendly debate on this issue. We will have two millennials from The Global Filipino Investors (TGFI) as our guests – Floi Wycoco (President) who will discuss the NO side, and Joy Sanchez ( Chief Commercial Officer) who will discuss the YES side. Send in your questions now.
Want to know your FQ Score. Take it today. Click link to take the test.
I will speak at the “12th Puregold-Tindahan ni Aling Puring Sari-sari Store Convention” with the theme #PanalongPagbabago to be held on May 25, 2017 (Thursday), 1:30-2:30pm at the World Trade Center, Manila.
Rose Fres Fausto is a speaker and author of bestselling books Raising Pinoy Boys and The Retelling of The Richest Man in Babylon (English and Filipino versions). Click this link to read samples – Books of FQ Mom Rose Fres Fausto.  They are a Behavioral Economist, Certified Gallup Strengths Coach and the grand prize winner of the first Sinag Financial Literacy Digital Journalism Awards. Follow them on Facebook and YouTube as FQ Mom, and Twitter & Instagram as theFQMom.
ATTRIBUTIONS: Images from clipartfest, free icons download, missosology, mykiru, wallpaper gallery2 and www.bbpilipinas.com put together to help deliver the message.
Click any of these 2 links if you want to watch the Q&A of Binibini13
http://www.zeibiz.com/2017/04/watch-sirene-suttons-answer-at-binibining-pilipinas-2017-q-a-portion/
http://news.abs-cbn.com/life/05/01/17/what-happened-to-early-bb-pilipinas-fave-sirene-sutton
Quote
However, a TOR podcaster recently attended the New York community cantina event and had a chance to talk with the devs on the subject. You can
Quote: I asked them about the possibility that the current, that Galactic Starfighter was designed with PvE in mind. They said no, it was not. That is far far far down on the wall of crazy, is PvE Starfighter. They said the biggest problems would be with scripting and 3D AI; things that they dont have in the game they would basically have to write fresh. The good thing about PvE is the good scripting. Getting the ability in at the right time makes it interesting and fun, but not unfair. You know, getting those enrage timers right. Getting like a DOT thrown out at the right time. Stuff that has to be done really well for PvE to work right. And for them to do that in space would be a lot of work. So problems with scripting and AI would be reasons that we wont be seeing PvE Galactic starfighter. So thats upsetting, I'm not happy about that, I wish that we could, but its understandable. And hopefully they make a good system with the Galactic Starfighter.
KingofGob Quote: Originally Posted by As the podcaster in question I am confident in saying it will be years before we even have a remote chance of space PvE. Feel free to speculate as you will but they had a sizeable team working primarily on GS for a long period of time. They want to use those resources on other things for the time being.
So while they may change their minds and decide to build on the PvP-only foundation one day, that is not their current plan, and it definitely wont be any time in the foreseeable future.
***edit***
Now with coverage at massively.com:
http://massively.joystiq.com/2013/10...any-time-soon/ Although it has been confirmed that the Galactic Starfighter expansion will be PvP only, many people have speculated that this is simply a foundation to build on and that PvE content will follow.However, a TOR podcaster recently attended the New York community cantina event and had a chance to talk with the devs on the subject. You can listen to the comments starting at 42:05, but here is a direct quote:Here is a reply later in this thread from the podcaster:So while they may change their minds and decide to build on the PvP-only foundation one day, that is not their current plan, and it definitely wont be any time in the foreseeable future.***edit***Now with coverage at massively.com: ALL YOUR LATINUM ARE BELONG TO ME
Years after the PATRIOT Act gave federal agencies wide snooping authorities, we began to discover that even this increased latitude wasn't enough. Even before Edward Snowden began leaking classified documents showing exactly how humongous federal data collection had become, there were already a number of previous examples of government snooping out of control.
In particular, the FBI's system of using National Security Letters (NSLs) to obtain personal records without a court order was found by the Department of Justice's inspector general to have been terribly abused, gathering records with little oversight or reason, not following processes and resorting to “exigent letters” to even bypass the NSL rules entirely by claiming emergencies. The DOJ Office of the Inspector General put out two reports over the last decade investigating the problems and ordering reforms.
They have a new report out (pdf) that notes significant improvement, though there are still some troubling issues. According to the report, the FBI have put into practice training to prevent the use of exigent letters to abuse the system and bypass the process of getting an official NSL authorization.
But amid the explanation of these reforms in this report, there is suddenly a whole bunch of black bars when it gets to a section where it discusses the FBI getting the phone records of journalists. These are efforts to catch government leakers, not possible domestic terrorists. Suddenly the discussion of how and when the FBI is allowed to secretly get records get a lot more, well, secret. Trevor Timm at the Freedom of the Press Foundation takes note:
In a little-noticed passage buried in the report, the IG describes how NSLs have been used on journalists in the past, and indicates that the FBI can currently circumvent the Justice Department's media guidelines to do so in the future. When and precisely how can they do so? Well, apparently that's classified.
Because it's almost entirely redacted:
It should be noted from the very first footnote of the 196-page report that the IG strongly objected to many of the redactions within the report, including both information that was made public in previous reports and information they “believe is important to the public's understanding of the FBI's compliance with NSL requirements. And that's the crux of the issue: how can the public be expected to have confidence in a so-called “extensive oversight regime”, without any transparency or inkling of what it is? All too often the government has expected us to trust that such authorities are not being abused, while their own investigations continually uncover problems with compliance.
The report also raises some other concerns. The FBI is still apparently having problems with fat finger syndrome, or something. The report finds that agents continue to end up collecting personal records they shouldn't be collecting because of typos. And when they collect unauthorized information, they still frequently aren't properly remedying the situation. The report is also concerned that some of the information the FBI is collecting from toll billing records, like dates of birth and Social Security numbers, is not legally authorized. And they are also concerned that the FBI is collecting additional records “associated” with their targets without making a separate determination that these records are relevant to their investigation.
The full report is available here (pdf)
Is a Segway still a Segway if it has three wheels? Meet the Segway SE-3 Patroller, a Segway with three wheels designed for mall cops everywhere.
The new model forgoes the traditional two-wheel, auto-balancing setup for a more stable and robust three-wheel arrangement. It's for security forces such as mall cops and police officers who need the added stability, extra storage and, well, respect afforded by this more beastly model. It's always been hard to take police officers seriously as they cruise around dainty Segways — more Paul Blart: Mall Cop than Walker, Texas Ranger. This model, however, at least looks the part of serious police work.
The Segway failed to change the world in the ways its creator Dean Kamen promised. The general populus is not zipping around car-less cities on auto-balancing wonders. Instead, the product dived into niche markets, namely city tours and security forces.
The SE-3 retails for $11,999 and is powered by multiple rechargeable Lithium-Ion batteries that can be charged at any standard electrical outlet or swapped out for replacement batteries. It's designed to be more visible to deter criminals as much as apprehend them. While Segway boosts it's very maneuverable and sports a tight turning radius, chances are it's not going to replace traditional Segways in Segway polo leagues.
BBC Worldwide, the commercial arm of the British Broadcasting Corporation, has agreed to license some 600 hours of library content to the newly launched Amazon Prime Video service in India. The deal largely covers factual and pre-school programming.
It includes CBeebies shows vintage puppet animation, “Clangers,” animation series Dinopaws and Hey Duggee, which recently won the Pre-School Animation of the year at the 2017 BAFTA Children's Awards. BBC factual programs in the deal include “Gandhi,” an in-depth look at Mahatma Gandhi, “The World's Weirdest Weapons” and “The Genius of Inventions.”
“In the last year or so, we have seen digital consumption in India increase exponentially,” said Myleeta Aga, SVP and GM of India, BBC Worldwide, in a statement.
That growth is exemplified by figures from Reliance Jio, a new phone and broadband Internet provider. From a standing start in September, it this week claimed to have 72 million subscribers. Amazon Prime launched in India in July last year. The video service launched in December.
By Alison Weir
While some individuals, both Jewish and Christian, have talked about a Jewish “return” to Palestine throughout past centuries, today's version of Christian Zionism was largely invented in the 19th century; adherents of political Zionism, a movement to create a Jewish state, were a major factor in how and why it grew.
As I write in my article on the history of US-Israel Relations, the precursor to today's pro-Israel lobbying groups, the “American Zionist Emergency Council” (AZEC), played a significant role in creating Christian support for Zionism. Below is an excerpt from my piece:
Secret Zionist funds [by AZEC], eventually reaching $150,000 in 1946, were used to revive an elitist Protestant group, the American Palestine Committee. This group had originally been founded in 1932 by Emanuel Neumann, a member of the Executive of the Zionist Organization. The objective was to organize a group of prominent (mainly non-Jewish) Americans in moral and political support of Zionism. [AZEC head] Rabbi Abba Silver's headquarters issued a directive saying, “In every community an American Christian Palestine Committee must be immediately organized.” The Christian committee's operations were hardly autonomous. Zionist headquarters thought nothing of placing newspaper advertisements on the clergymen's behalf without bothering to consult them in advance, until one of the committee's leaders meekly asked at least for prior notice before public statements were made in their name.” AZEC formed another group among clergymen, the Christian Council on Palestine. An internal AZEC memo stated that the aim of both groups was to “crystallize the sympathy of Christian America for our cause.” By the end of World War II the Christian Council on Palestine had grown to 3,000 members and the American Palestine Committee boasted a membership of 6,500 public figures, including senators, members of congress, cabinet members, governors, state officers, mayors, jurists, clergymen, educators, writers, publishers, and civic and industrial leaders. [For citations, and additional information on the Scofield Annotated Bible – a significant source of Christian Zionist beliefs – see my article.)
In the 1970s the Israeli government gave Jerry Falwell a jet plane, helping them to spread their version of theology.
Numerous Christians, including a great many evangelical pastors and theologians, have long opposed the Christian Zionist interpretation of the Bible.
Among this large and extremely diverse group have been Philip Mauro writing in the 1920s and Rev. Harry Emerson Fosdick and Rev. Henry Sloane Coffin, two of the most celebrated pastors of their day ('20s through the '50s); William Sloan Coffin in the 1970s; and today's Gary Burge, Rev. Stephen Sizer, Carl Medearis, members of Sabeel, the organizers of Christ at the Checkpoint, and numerous others. The list could go on and on.
A number of people have made a wide range of documentaries on this topic. Some are specifically from a fundamentalist, evangelical perspective and are particularly intended to reach Christians who hold Christian Zionist beliefs; one, “Christian Zionism, the Tragedy and the Turning,” contains interesting information about the Scofield Bible; another, “With God On Our Side,” has been shown with considerable effect in many churches.
However, none of the above individuals have the jet planes and massive funding of a Jerry Falwell or John Hagee to deliver their views and information to American Christians.
Two final notes: many of the politicians who support Israel do so for the simple reason that the pro-Israel influence in Congress and the media is extremely significant to their chances for re-election rather than out of religious motivation.
North Carolina's Jesse Helms was an example: they demanded that Palestinians receive a “just settlement of their grievances” until they learned that such a stance would hurt their coverage by the media, at which point they changed it.
It is also important to be aware that numerous members of the Israel Lobby are behind the efforts to create Islamophobia in the American public. Please see CNI's large, detailed section on this.
While there is a growing focus on Christian Zionism, which leaves out virtually all of the information above, there is a simultaneous coverup on the nature of Jewish fundamentalism and its role in Israel. I discuss this a bit in my article “What Our Taxes to Israel are Funding.”
Israeli author Israel Shahak's books are esssential reading on this. Both are available online:
Jewish History, Jewish Religion: The Weight of Three Thousand Years
Jewish Fundamentalism In Israel, co-authored with Norton Mezvinsky.
Alison Weir is the founder of If Americans Knew, an organization that provides information on topics of importance that are substantially misreported or unreported in the US media; our primary focus is on Israel-Palestine. In particular, we analyze media coverage of this issue, and have conducted a number of statistical studies. alisonweir.org
From the video captured by two Millville Police car dashboard cameras, emerge two very different versions of what happened in the pre-dawn hours of February 3, 2008.
The just-released video (see left) is at the center of a lawsuit in which Sheila Stevenson, 42, claims they became the victim of excessive force, after then-Millville Police Officer Carlo Drogo pulled them over for illegally riding their bicycle on a sidewalk.
In the course of trying to handcuff Stevenson, the video shows Drogo as they spray themselves in the face with pepper spray and they appear to push him. Drogo then appears to knock Stevenson to the ground to subdue them Drogo is seen, seemingly doubled over in pain, as other officers arrive.
“I am not doing anything,” Stevenson screamed on the video.
“Put your hands behind your back,” one of the other officers ordered.
“Can you not do this? I'm not doing anything! I'm not doing anything,” they wailed.
Seconds later, Drogo approaches Stevenson again and appears to punch them four times.
“Why are you hitting me? You're hitting me! Why are you hitting me?” Stevenson cried out. “Why did you hit me and I'm handcuffed?”
Stevenson was eventually led away by officers and put into a police cruiser. They were later convicted of resisting arrest.
Stevenson's civil suit, filed in Cumberland County Superior Court in December, names Drogo, other Millville Police officers and the city of Millville as defendants.
RAW VIDEO: This raw video from the dashboard of a Millville police cruiser captures the entire confrontation. (Published Monday, Feb. 2, 2009)
Stevenson's lawyer would not comment on the case, nor would Millville's Police chief, citing pending litigation.Drogo resigned from the police department in October for undisclosed reasons. They would not talk with NBC 10 News on-camera, but issued a statement in which they stood by their actions and called Stevenson's allegations a distortion of the facts. RAW VIDEO: Police Dashboard Cameras Capture Alleged Assault
Drogo also insisted the arrest was lawful and described Stevenson's lawsuit as frivolous.Meanwhile, there's now a warrant out for Stevenson's arrest on drug possession charges, stemming from their encounter with police that was caught on camera.
Farah Shirdon left Canada on March 14, 2014. Just five days later, the Calgary extremist crossed into Syria at Tal Abiyad, where they signed up to be a jihadist fighter, according to leaked internal ISIL documents on hundreds of its members.
The forms recording the entry of six Canadians into the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in late 2013 and early 2014 were provided to the National Post by the Syrian news site Zaman Al Wasl, which obtained them from an ISIL defector.
The most striking thing they reveal is the ease with which the Canadians were able to travel across the world and join ISIL, despite being relatively uneducated young men inexperienced at terrorism. Some of them had never even travelled before.
And yet less than a month after their arrival in Syria, Shirdon was already the star of an ISIL video in which they burned their Canadian passport and told Canada and the U.S., “We are coming and we will destroy you, with permission from Allah the almighty.”
In the two years since, many more radicalized Canadians have made the same journey. Canadian Security Intelligence Service Director Michel Coulombe testified Monday that 100 Canadians were in the region taking part in terrorism.
“I think getting in and joining is just as easy as it always was,” said Amarnath Amarasingam, who has been studying Canadian foreign fighters. “You enter ISIL territory, you are put through Shariah courses and military training, and so on.
“What has changed is how difficult it is to get out of your country of origin, particularly Western countries. The Turkish border region is also much more difficult to cross these days than it was even a year ago. So while joining ISIL is still easy, getting to ISIL territory is more difficult.”
Shirdon's entry into ISIL was facilitated by a sponsor named in the documents as Wilayat Al-Badiyah, a.k.a. Abu Abdullah Al-Britani. When they enlisted, Shirdon gave their home phone number in Calgary and their mother's number as contact information.
They wrote they had previously travelled to the United States and Saudi Arabia, and listed their occupation as student, noting they had studied businesses at university for two years. Their knowledge of Islamic law was rated as: “average.”
The 22-year-old, whose family came to Canada to escape the conflict in Somalia, is now wanted by the RCMP, which charged them last September with terrorism six offences.
Police said they “served in a combat role” and was also involved in recruiting, fundraising and inciting violence.
The reports on the six Canadians were found among 1,736 documents Zaman Al Wasl obtained “some time ago,” said deputy editor Ethar Abdulhaq. The site delayed publishing them while staff verified their authenticity.
German authorities have said they believe the documents are genuine. After viewing those obtained by the Post, Prof. Amarasingam concurred, saying the details in the entries, such as their mothers' names and phone numbers, could not have been faked.
Identifying recruits from more than 40 countries, the papers appear to be questionnaires that record each fighter's name, nationality, whether they wanted to become suicide bombers, the date they entered ISIL territory and who recommended them.
Four of the Canadians are relatives from Edmonton who crossed into Syria at Azaz on Nov. 12, 2013 with the help of a smuggler named Mohammed Hussein, according to the documents. The forms list them as Canadians of Somali origin.
Brothers Hamza and Hersi Kariye as well as Mahad Ahmad Hersi and Omar Abdulrahman Mohammed were all rated as having a “weak” understanding of Islamic law. They are believed to have died in airstrikes in November.
Also appearing in the leaked documents is Hussein Baraat, a.k.a. Abu Osman Al-Libani, described as a married, 30-year-old Lebanese-Canadian pipe fitter. They provided Calgary phone numbers as their contact information.
Like the others, they had no previous jihadi experience and their knowledge base was weak, but they wanted to be a fighter. They said they were recommended by Abu Omar Al-Libani and Abu Katada Al-Libani. Their current whereabouts is unknown.
• Email: sbell@nationalpost.com | Twitter: StewartBellNP
Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and a White House senior adviser, has used their personal email account to conduct official government business, their lawyer acknowledged on Sunday.
The lawyer, Abbe Lowell, said that Mr. Kushner, using the personal account, had received or sent “fewer than a hundred emails” involving their White House colleagues over the first seven months of the administration. Mr. Lowell said the emails were all forwarded to Mr. Kushner's official account, creating a record.
The use of the personal account was first reported by Politico.
Mr. Kushner is not the only official in the Trump White House who has been found to have used private email or text messaging for government business, a situation that has raised questions about the administration's preservation of records. But Mr. Kushner is the person closest to the president to have their personal email use become public.
As a candidate, Mr. Trump aggressively attacked Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee, for their use of private email while they were secretary of state. Some of Mr. Trump's allies outside the White House are urging them to press for a prosecution of Mrs. Clinton, even though an F.B.I. investigation into their handling of classified information has been closed. At Mr. Trump's rallies, their supporters still break into cheers of “lock them up!”
The American woman, named as Tesia D., was sentence to one year and nine months suspended after they ripped off three centimetres of flesh from a 23-year-old man's lip.
Victim, Australian Ben M., was celebrating in the popular Hofbräu tent at the beer festival with friends on September 27th when Tesia D. put their elbow in one of their friend's faces.
Bild newspaper reported on Tuesday that a fight then started during which the 30-year-old American bit down on the lower lip of Australian for several seconds. A piece of flesh was ripped from their lip.
They told the court on Monday: “I find it difficult to explain why I did it.”
Ben, from Melbourne, told police: “She took my lip between their teeth and a bit harder and harder. I tried to break away. They turned their head and tore my lip off. My lip was lying on the floor. I thought I was unconscious.”
Doctors tried to sew the lip back on that day but the operation did not work. The piece of flesh died off.
Tesia D. paid Ben €11,000 compensation, Bild reported, but in an email to the court they said they were still suffering.
“I had to learn to speak again. I can't kiss anymore,” they said.
Tesia has been in prison since the attack and is due to fly back to the US on Tuesday.
READ MORE: Man loses car for five weeks at Oktoberfest
How women blow £400,000 a day playing Candy Crush, the most addictive online game ever
Game has millions of people in its grip
Women aged between 25 and 55 are the demographic most loyal to it
Lucy Berkley, 44, calls it 'crack candy' because she's so addicted
Jenni Weaver, 40, plays for eight hours a day
Steph Brophy, 37, said: 'It's taking over my life'
As Lucy Berkley hobbled into their London office one Monday morning in June, their colleagues could clearly see they were struggling with back pain.
The 44-year-old company director shuffled over to their desk and waited for questions to be fired in their direction. Had they picked up a large piece of furniture? Overdone it at the gym? The real answer was slightly more embarrassing.
'I'd just discovered Candy Crush and had been playing it for more than ten hours over the weekend,' says the mother-of-one from Ashford, Kent.
Scroll down for gameplay
Addicted: 'I'm thinking about it all the time,' says mother-of-one Steph of Candy Crush
'My back became strained because I'd been hunched for so long over my iPad. I couldn't help it, it was so addictive. The extraordinary thing was that almost everyone else in the room admitted they too were addicted. Now we're all competing.'
Look around any busy train or bus and it seems every other person with a smartphone or tablet is hooked on Candy Crush Saga, the latest online game to have taken the world by storm.
With its twinkly lights, hypnotic music and comic sound effects, it has millions of people in its grip - and, like 2010's Angry Birds, which even numbered David Cameron among its fans, it has become an online sensation.
'I call it "crack candy" because I imagine giving up is like trying to break a crack habit'
An astonishing 700 million games of Candy Crush are played every day on mobile devices alone, according to AppData, a leading authority on social media trends. But, unlike so many video games, it appears that instead of teenage boys and men, it's mostly women who are in thrall to Candy Crush.
According to the game's creators, King.com, women aged between 25 and 55 are the demographic most loyal to the game.
'Candy Crush is one of those gender-neutral games that has a "moreish" quality that can fit in flexibly around a woman's life,' says Professor Mark Griffiths, director of the International Gaming Research Unit at Nottingham Trent University. It takes up all your cognitive ability because you have to concentrate on it 100 per cent.
'That means you can forget about everything else for a few minutes,' they continue, 'which is appealing to many women - whether you're a stay-at-home mother who has ten minutes to play it in between childcare, or a business executive on their commute.
Appeals to women: Candy Crush is one of those gender-neutral games that has a 'moreish quality' that can fit in flexibly around a woman's life according to one expert
'Unlike so many online games, it doesn't involve killing, fighting or strong male characters or highly-sexualised female characters. What's more, it's deceptively simple and fun.'
The rules of Candy Crush are indeed simple. Players move a variety of brightly coloured sweets - or candies - around a grid and line up at least three of the same sweet in a row.
Every time a row is completed, the line explodes, making way for more sweets to drop in.
With more than 400 different stages, each more difficult than the last, and more being added all the time, players never need to run out of challenges. As a so-called 'freemium' product, basic access to the game is free, but users must pay for 'premium' services. Players aren't charged to advance through the first 35 levels but after that, it costs 69p for another 20 levels, although it is possible to avoid paying by asking your Facebook friends to send you extra lives.
However, the cost can rise as players are encouraged to buy 'boosters' such as virtual 'candy hammers' for around £1.
'I'll have a sneaky game or two at lunchtime. When I get home, I ' ll leave the ironing or the housework and have half an hour - or more - on the iPad'
According to ThinkGaming, Candy Crush makes an estimated £400,000 a day for King. That's £146m a year, figures which have prompted the Office of Fair Trading to voice concern that guidelines are needed to stop firms exploiting young users.
King claims that 90 per cent of its players are over 21, but maturity doesn't seem to prevent women like Lucy from falling under Candy Crush's spell.
'I call it "crack candy" because I imagine giving up is like trying to break a crack habit,' says Lucy. 'I hadn't heard of it until I saw that many friends - all intelligent, creative women - were playing it on Facebook.'
They admit: 'I've never played any other game on my phone. But I don't like going a day without my "fix". I play it whenever I have a free moment. In the morning I play on my commute and when I look around the train, nearly every other person seems to be doing the same.
'I'll have a sneaky game or two at lunchtime. When I get home, I'll leave the ironing or the housework and have half an hour - or more - on the iPad.'
But it's at the weekend that Lucy says their gaming becomes more of a problem. 'Once I've got up and read the papers, I'll start playing and that's me sorted for the next three to four hours. In fact, I only usually stop when my iPad runs out of battery. My boyfriend thinks I'm mad.
'My son Ben, who is at boarding school, can't understand my obsession. I've been known to meet them off a train and rather than give them a hug I've said: "Just a minute Ben, I'm just getting on to the next level!"
Sour side: The psychological effect of playing is very similar to gambling
'Over the past four months I've probably spent around £150 playing it. But it's worth it.'
Steph Brophy, 37, a bank worker from West Malling, Kent is another Candy Crush addict. They started playing only five weeks ago, but says she's already losing sleep over it.
'I'm thinking about it all the time,' says mother-of-one Steph, who lives with partner Martin. 'I wake up and the first thing I do is pick up my phone to have a game, then I'll be playing if I get a spare second before work.
'I play it on my walk from the car to the office. When I come home, I play it while I'm cooking the evening meal or watching TV. Martin thinks I'm bonkers. When the lights go out and we're in bed he'll say: "I know you're playing it because I can see the light from your phone" so I have to play it under the covers.
'My son asks: "Why are you playing that game again Mum?" It's as if our roles have been reversed. It's taking over my life. I don't know if I'll ever be able to stop.'
'Housework has gone to pot. I've even been late picking my ten-year-old up from school because I've been stuck on a level'
So is Candy Crush as benign as it looks? Psychologists say that 'freemium' games can be an insidious route to more serious gambling problems.
'On first look, games like Candy Crush may not seem to have much connection to gambling, but the psychology is very similar,' says Prof Mark Griffiths. 'Even when games do not involve money, they introduce players to the principles and excitement of gambling. Small unpredictable rewards lead to highly engaged, repetitive behaviour. In a minority, this may lead to addiction.'
Jenni Weaver, a 40-year-old mum of four from Bridlington, is worried that she's addicted.
'I'm playing it for eight hours a day now and it's become a real problem,' they say. 'My daughter told me about it. I was hooked straight away. The longest I've played for is 12 hours with just a few short breaks in between. It's worse than smoking.'
Jenni says their addiction is beginning to affect family life.
'Housework has gone to pot. I've even been late picking my ten-year-old up from school because I've been stuck on a level.
'I've burnt countless dinners and let vegetables boil dry because I've been engrossed. I'm trying to limit myself, but I can still spend eight hours a day playing it. It's ridiculous.'
Have you ever wondered “what are the hard questions?” If you're like me, you probably have been curious more than once. But that's not what this post is about. This time we ask the question: “Why are they hard?”
I've often wondered why certain people have a hard time with certain aspects of the church, and others don't. For example, people who have left the church often discuss their “shelf breaking” question – in other words, what was the tough question about Mormonism that was too tough. There's never a single answer. It's never the same thing for everyone.
There are probably a few reasons why this is the case, most notably, perhaps, is the truth that there is no silver bullet – there is no single thing that “breaks” the church for everyone. For some it's questions of church history. For some it's questions of revelation. For others it's questioning about Joseph Smith.
Interestingly, a question that one might consider a huge challenge to faith, another might consider no challenge at all.
So what, then, do all these potential challenges to faith, phrased as questions, have in common? They all represent instances of our individual understanding of reality seeming to conflict with our individual understanding of an ideal as presented by the church.
The Real vs The Ideal.
Here's an example: One person may have an understanding about revelation that includes the ideal that the prophet is always going to “get it right.” This is probably a fairly common ideal held by many members of the church.  They are a prophet, after all, they reason. The Lord won't let them get it wrong. Then somebody comes along with new information which challenges that fact – an example of when the prophet seemed to get it wrong. Maybe super wrong. And this information is usually framed in the form of a question.
For example, “Why don't modern translations of the papyrus match what Joseph Smith translated in the Book of Abraham?” The effort here is to cause discomfort by pushing an understanding of reality (the modern translation) against the ideal (that a prophet can't “get it wrong.”) The hope of the questioner, of course, is that you'll panic, stop thinking, and accept the implied premise that Joseph must have been a fraud.
But this question, like all the “tough questions,” is leading, and forcing a fight that doesn't need to exist.
The Question Itself vs How To Question.
It turns out that it's not just the topic of a question that makes it one of the “tough ones,” but the way that it is asked. Consider the following in light of that papyrus question:
Instead of forcing a conflict between Joseph Smith's calling as prophet and the modern translation of ancient texts, a better set of questions might include things like “If we assume modern translations of the papyrus are correct, what can we learn about how Joseph Smith received revelation?” or “What does Joseph Smith's experience in trying to translate teach me about revelation for myself?” or “What can I learn about my assumptions based on this information?”
These types of questions can lead to greater light and knowledge, greater truth, and a deeper understanding that the simple assumption of “prophets always get it right” failed to provide. When coupled with the guidance of the spirit, honest questions can bring incredible truths and deep satisfaction to the seeker of knowledge.
As another example, somebody might ask “how can a church that is true ever have a history of polygamy?”
But do you think a person asking that question really wants an answer, or do you think they've already made up their minds and simply want to use the question to convince you to agree with them?
Of course, this is another example of a question meant to prove a point, rather than actually gain knowledge.
In this case, the question isn't being asked in the form of “how am I to understand polygamy in the context of the church,” but rather “how does polygamy show the church is not true?” Can you see the difference? One way of asking about polygamy presupposes the church is false, and the other way of asking seeks to understand without a bias.
One might ask other “hard questions,” but frame them in faithful ways:
“How can I learn from Joseph Smith's mistakes? What do their flaws teach me about my own relationship with God?”
“What can I learn about revelation by studying the ways the church has developed over time?”
“Are there examples of prophets who made mistakes in the scriptures, and what can that teach me about the church today?”
Reframing and Faith
Elder Holland of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles recently spoke about faith and questions, and how questions are meant to be born of an earnest desire to learn rather than a self-righteous desire to preach “truth.” Here's how they put it:
When doubt or difficulty come, do not be afraid to ask for help. If we want it as humbly and honestly as this father did, we can get it. The scriptures phrase such earnest desire as being of “real intent,” pursued “with full purpose of heart, acting no hypocrisy and no deception before God.” I testify that in response to that kind of importuning, God will send help from both sides of the veil to strengthen our belief… Hope on. Journey on. Honestly acknowledge your questions and your concerns, but first and forever fan the flame of your faith, because all things are possible to them that believe.
I believe this advice is telling us to back away from the questions that are meant to inspire doubt, and ask them in truly open and honest ways. Instead of questions that try to corner the listener into a certain conclusion, we should be asking God what we're meant to learn with the new data we have, and allowing them to teach us instead of relying on our own understanding, or worse yet, the understanding of the hypocrites and deceivers who carry their own agendas.
As we rely on the Lord for answers, we naturally begin to recognize that the questions with which we grapple might shake our world view, but can't remove us from our relationships with God if we don't let them. This faith in God becomes a foundation on which we can rely as we re-evaluate our understandings of the real and the ideal and gain greater light and knowledge.
Advertisements
UK Looking To Cement Its New Anti-Free Speech Reputation By Arresting Man For Posting Photo Of A Burning Poppy
from the making-a-mockery-of-free-speech dept
"A man from Aylesham has tonight been arrested on suspicion of malicious telecommunications," Kent police said in a statement after the arrest. "This follows a posting on a social network site of a burning poppy.  They are currently in police custody awaiting interview."
Lately, we've noted a string of questionable prosecutions in the UK over statements made by people on social networks. These posts may have been in poor taste, but hardly seemed like the sort of thing that ought to be criminal. While UK prosecutors are finally admitting that perhaps they need to rethink speech online, it apparently hasn't stopped these kinds of arrests and prosecutions. Police, over the weekend, arrested someone for posting an image of a burning poppy . The poppy is seen as a memorial sign for those who died in battle, and the image was posted on "Remembrance Sunday." While some might say this in poor taste, it certainly seems like a legitimate form of political protest... but apparently not to law enforcement in the UK:The article notes that free speech advocates in the UK are speaking out in response to this, pointing out how ridiculous it is -- and noting that part of the reason why soldiers fought wars for the UK was to provide freedoms like the ability to express their views on things like war.
Filed Under: free speech, poppies, rememberance day, social media, uk
A federal judge has invalidated Maui County's moratorium on genetically engineered crops that voters approved last fall.
Judge Susan Mollway said in a ruling filed Tuesday that the ordinance is “invalid and unenforceable” because it is preempted by state and federal law.
That's similar to the reasoning that Judge Barry Kurren relied upon to strike down both Hawaii County's partial ban on genetically modified farming and Kauai County's pesticide disclosure law last year.
PF Bentley/Civil Beat
Mollway emphasized that the ruling is not a statement on whether genetically modified organisms are beneficial or detrimental.
“The court recognizes the importance of questions about whether GE activities and GMOs pose risks to human health, the environment, and the economy, and about how citizens may participate in democratic processes,” they said. “But any court is a reactive body that addresses matters before it rather than reaching out to grab hold of whatever matters may catch a judge's fancy because the matters are interesting, important, or of great concern to many people.”
The decision disappointed Autumn Ness, a resident of Kihei, Maui, who canvassed 3,000 homes last year to help get the ballot initiative passed.
Maui County voters approved the bill last November by a margin of 1,077 votes. The biotech industry, including Monsanto and Dow AgroSciences, spent more than $7 million attempting to defeat the measure, making it the most expensive political campaign in the state's history.
Ness said that Mollway's ruling is painful for people like them who made sacrifices, including quitting their job, to counter the biotech companies' well-funded campaign and ensure that the initiative was approved.
“It feels like the politicians and the judges are looking for ways to let these chemical companies run without oversight,” they said. “Heaven forbid they look for ways to uphold the will of the people.”
Monsanto, Dow AgroSciences and several local businesses filed a lawsuit challenging the ordinance within days of its passage, contending that they and Maui County's economy would suffer “immediate and irreparable harm” if the bill went into effect.
The ordinance would have imposed a moratorium on GMO farming until the county conducted a public health and environmental study of its impact. The SHAKA Movement, the organization that spearheaded the initiative, intervened to defend the bill.
John Purcell, vice president at Monsanto Hawaii, said in a statement that the company is proud to be part of Hawaii's agricultural community and looks forward to continuing its operations.
“We're listening and we've heard the concerns some people have about GMOs and today's farming practices,” they said. “Our commitment to ongoing dialogue with our neighbors doesn't stop today. We understand the responsibility we have to farm sustainably and to work collaboratively, and we welcome the opportunity to continue having conversations with members of the community.”
Mark Sheehan, a member of the SHAKA Movement, told Civil Beat the group is planning to appeal.
“We are very disappointed that the constitutional rights of 23,000 people here are being set aside by a couple of judges in Honolulu who I think have completely misread the case,” Sheehan said. “This law was written specifically because there was no state or federal law regulating genetically modified organisms … The state and the county have the responsibility to protect the health of the environment, which they're not doing.”
Kauai County and Hawaii County are in the process of appealing Kurren's decisions on their respective anti-GMO laws to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Paul Achitoff, an attorney at the environmental law nonprofit Earthjustice who is defending both the Kauai and Big Island ordinances, said they expect the appellate court will hear the cases sometime next year.
“The future of this type of regulation in Hawaii will depend on what the Ninth Circuit decides in these cases,” Achitoff said.
More than 100 doctors, nurses and physical therapists in nine cities, including here in Houston, are being accused of trying to cheat Medicare out of hundreds of millions of dollars. Some of those indicted have still not been taken into custody. Ten Houston defendants are part of this nationwide takedown. One of them is a gastroenterologist, Dr. Ben Echols. He's accused of bilking Medicare for more than $5 million dollars.
Dr. Echols runs an office in a building off the 610 South Loop West. It's called the Onyx Medical Clinic and Houston Center for Digestive Disease. According to a federal indictment, Dr. Echols is accused of defrauding Medicare of $5.2 million. Court documents indicate they accepted and received kickbacks and bribes in exchange for providing false and fraudulent prescriptions to patients.
Federal authorities charged more than 100 doctors, nurses and physical therapists in nine cities with Medicare fraud as part of a bust that netted more suspects than any other in history. So far, 111 people have been arrested, accused of illegally billing medicare for more than $225 million.
"Every action taken by those defrauding the system.. effects the legitimate users ..all those people who were denied access. .raises the cost for everyone in the community," said
The local suspects arrested include a chiropractor and owners/operators of durable medical equipment providers across the Houston area.
Arrested those arrested in the Houston area are:
Justina Okehie, 55,
Dr. Ben Echols, 61
Ekpedeme obot, 34
Sharon Veal, 47
Akinsunbo Akinbile, 43
Simone Ball, 24
Phillip Ware, 30
Melloneen Davis, 52
It's all part of a coordinated, nationwide sweep.
In Detroit, Michigan 21 people were indicted, including a podiatrist who is accused of billing Medicare about $700,000 for a procedure which authorities say was little more than toenail clipping.
In Brooklyn, New York, a proctologist is accused of billing $6.5 million for hemorrhoid removals, most of which they never performed. Authorities say they also claimed to perform the operation ten times on one patient.
In Miami, two doctors and several nurses were charged with swindling $25 million in fake prescriptions for services for homebound patients which were never provided.
Two U.S. senators have asked the Pentagon to hand over five years of sponsorship contracts between military bases and for-profit colleges, citing an exposé by Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting. Records obtained by Reveal show the senators are on the right track.
In September, Reveal wrote about an agreement between the for-profit University of Phoenix and garrison commanders at Fort Campbell along the Tennessee-Kentucky border. The contract – released in response to Freedom of Information Act request filed in 2015 – allowed representatives of the University of Phoenix to fly banners advertising the for-profit college on one of America's largest military bases and place promotional materials in high-traffic areas on the post.
The document also showed that recruiters from the proprietary college were allowed to give gifts to the troops and insert marketing materials into official military welcome packets for newly arrived soldiers – all in exchange for cash.
“Given what has been revealed in this single contract, we are deeply concerned about the extent to which Fort Campbell and other military installations may have entered into similar contracts with the University of Phoenix and other for-profit colleges,” Sens. Jack Reed of Rhode Island and Richard Durbin of Illinois wrote to Secretary of Defense James Mattis.
In their letter, Reed – the ranking Democrat on the Senate Committee on Armed Services – and Durbin, the top Democrat on the Senate Appropriations Committee's Subcommittee on Defense, asked for copies of all contracts between base commanders and for-profit colleges since 2012. The senators said the agreement with the University of Phoenix ran counter to an executive order signed by President Barack Obama “which remains in effect and sought to prevent predatory recruitment of service members and veterans by colleges on military installations.”
At the Pentagon, spokesperson Laura Ochoa would not say whether the Defense Department would furnish the records.
“We will respond to Congress appropriately,” Ochoa said.
The University of Phoenix is not the only for-profit college to have paid military commanders to sponsor events on bases. In December 2014, Reveal filed Freedom of Information Act requests with five bases – Fort Campbell, Fort Carson in Colorado, Fort Hood in Texas, Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Florida and Joint Base Lewis McChord in Washington state – seeking sponsorship data from their morale, welfare, and readiness commands.
Those FOIAs turned up $865,000 from 38 for-profit colleges between 2012 and 2015. Many of those schools have faced state and federal fraud charges or class-action lawsuits. Some have closed their doors.
Among the for-profit schools paying for access to bases:
Jones International University , an online college that shut down in 2015. According to the Denver Business Journal , it was an outgrowth of business person Glenn Jones' cable-television based Mind Extension University (later called Knowledge TV). It paid commanders at Fort Campbell and Joint Base Lewis McChord $90,000 to sponsor rugby matches, an airshow, a special-needs camp for military children and briefings for newly stationed soldiers.
DeVry University , which reached a $100 million settlement with the Federal Trade Commission in December 2016 over allegations the for-profit college “ misled prospective students with ads that touted high employment success rates and income levels upon graduation .” Documents obtained by Reveal show DeVry paid $40,000 to sponsor events at the bases we queried. The sponsored events included a fall flea market at Joint Base Lewis McChord and a briefing for newly stationed soldiers at Fort Campbell.
Walden University , a for-profit college whose corporate parent – Laureate Education – paid former President Bill Clinton $17.6 million over five years to be an “honorary chancellor,” spent $12,000 to sponsor events at Fort Campbell and Fort Hood. Last December, a Marine Corps veteran sued the company , alleging it misled students about the time and money required to obtain advanced degrees online.
Allied American University , a Southern California-based online school, which shut down in December 2016 . It sponsored events at Fort Hood, Joint Base Lewis McChord and Naval Air Station Jacksonville.
Ochoa said the Defense Department tightened access to military bases in July 2014. The military, they said in an email, “implemented enhanced procedures regarding installation access by educational institutions and protection of Service members and their families from potentially harmful recruitment practices. Since then, all installation access agreements with educational institutions are following updated guidelines.”
However, many of the events listed in the documents obtained by Reveal occurred after July 2014, including those covered by the contract cited by senators Reed and Durbin in their request to the Pentagon.
Here is a chart of all 38:
Jones International University$89,730.58
University of Phoenix $426,512.50 Fort Campbell $249,020.00 Fort Carson $42,350.00 Fort Hood $23,900.00 JBLM $60,092.50 NAS Jacksonville $51,150.00 Fort Campbell $18,000.00 Fort Hood $600.00 JBLM $71,130.58 DeVry University $39,767.00 Fort Campbell $1,200.00 Fort Carson $18,100.00 JBLM $20,467.00 Grand Canyon University $35,450.00 Fort Hood $500.00 JBLM $34,950.00 Allied Amercan University $32,255.00 Fort Hood $18,000.00 JBLM $14,005.00 NAS Jacksonville $250.00 Daymar Institute $27,600.00 Fort Campbell $27,600.00 Trident University International $21,375.00 JBLM $21,375.00 Redstone College $20,400.00 Fort Carson $20,400.00 North Central Institute $15,000.00 Fort Campbell $15,000.00 Miller-Motte Technical College $14,000.00 Fort Campbell $14,000.00 Kaplan University $13,200.00 Fort Carson $12,000.00 Fort Hood $1,200.00 JBLM $0.00 Austin's Beauty College $12,392.00 Fort Campbell $12,392.00 Walden University $11,600.00 Fort Campbell $11,200.00 Fort Hood $400.00 Refuel Re: Grantham University $10,000.00 Fort Campbell $10,000.00 Allied Schools $8,950.00 Fort Carson $8,350.00 Fort Hood $600.00 International Academyn of Design Tech $8,000.00 Fort Campbell $8,000.00 Refuel Re: National university $7,900.00 Fort Campbell $7,900.00 Martinsburg Institute $7,850.00 Fort Hood $1,000.00 JBLM $6,850.00 National University $6,250.00 Fort Carson $6,250.00 JBLM $0.00 Grantham University $6,200.00 Fort Hood $6,200.00 Colorado Technical University $5,000.00 NAS Jacksonville $5,000.00 American Military University $5,000.00 Fort Carson $5,000.00 Sullivan University $5,000.00 Fort Campbell $5,000.00 TN Health Careers $5,000.00 Fort Campbell $5,000.00 Datmar Institute $5,000.00 Fort Campbell $5,000.00 WyoTech $4,500.00 NAS Jacksonville $4,500.00 Allied Business Schools $3,500.00 NAS Jacksonville $3,500.00 The Academy of Make Up Arts $3,500.00 Fort Campbell $3,500.00 Corintihan Colleges Inc $3,000.00 NAS Jacksonville $3,000.00 Virginia College $3,000.00 NAS Jacksonville $3,000.00 Martinsburg College $2,900.00 Fort Carson $800.00 Fort Hood $2,100.00 JBLM $0.00 Professional Aeronautics Academy $2,600.00 Fort Campbell $2,600.00 Jones University $1,050.00 Fort Carson $1,050.00 Allied University $1,000.00 Fort Hood $1,000.00 GOAL Academy $500.00 Fort Carson $500.00 National American University $300.00 Fort Hood $300.00 Allied American $300.00 Fort Hood $300.00 New Horizons College $250.00 Fort Campbell $250.00 Grand total $865,832.08
Aaron Glantz can be reached at aglantz@revealnews.org. Follow them on Twitter: @Aaron_Glantz.
Don't miss the next big story. Brave investigations that change minds, laws and lives. Emailed directly to you.
Illustration by Jack Unruh
Q: My thirteen-year-old daughter recently spent a weekend at a friend's parents' ranch in North Texas. While they were there, they called to ask if they could go horseback riding. I said yes, of course. But they told me that permission had to be granted in the form of a waiver that their friend's parents would email to me and that I had to sign and fax it back before they could go out. I did all of that, but I've never heard of such a thing. Have you? Is this yet another product of our overly protective, overly litigious society?
Name Withheld
A: The Texanist does their best not to sign anything except the backs of checks, autographs, and the occasional petition in support of a statue commemorating famed San Antonio trash-barrel player George “Bongo Joe” Coleman. Thankfully, they have never been presented with a waiver like the one you describe, the basic purpose of which is to make it legally explicit that the participant in a particular leisure activity—in this case, horseback riding—is aware of the dangers associated with said activity and accepts and assumes those risks. Perhaps this is because most of the Texanist's horse-owning friends understand that they possess a well-calibrated sense of their own equestrian abilities. On no fewer than two occasions that they can recall, for example, they have found themselves suddenly relieved of their position atop a borrowed steed. In neither case did they feel this was anyone's fault but their own. The first was due to a simple misunderstanding between the Texanist and their mount, and the second may have resulted from one too many afternoon highballs.
Your daughter's friend's parents seem to be a bit less trusting than these pals of the Texanist's, which raises a question: Just what sort of snorting, rank beast do they intend to set your daughter on top of? Sure, Hurricane may look like a docile giant, but wait until a butterfly lands on the tip of their nose and he's gripped with a flash of panic and your daughter is thrown clear across the Red River and the only way you can think to pay for the surgeries to repair their leg is to lawyer up and sue for damages. Well, the truth is that even if they hadn't asked you to sign a permission slip, Hurricane's owners would likely still be protected from liability. You see, in 1995 the wise and horse-savvy folks at the Capitol saw fit to protect horse owners from such lawsuits by way of the Texas Equine Activity Limitation of Liability Act, which was amended in 2011 and is now known as the Texas Farm Animal Limitation of Liability Act. The Texanist is not a licensed ambulance chaser, but if they were one, they would avoid cases involving borrowed horses that wound or kill. The act makes it clear that because of the “inherent risk” of horseback riding and the “propensity” of a horse to “behave in ways that may result in personal injury or death to a person on or around it,” a horse owner who acts reasonably and responsibly can't be held liable for anyone's personal injury or death. Your daughter's friend's parents seem to have added a layer of protection on top of this, which is, as the owners of Hurricane, their prerogative and not, in this day and age, completely unheard of.
Q: Just how many generations can a Texan go back? If my family showed up on Ben Milam's grant, where would that leave me?
Madeline S., Austin
A: Texas roots are a great point of pride for many of our native-born brethren and sistren, though it must be said that the actual depth measurements are sometimes exaggerated. The Texanist once shared a domino table with an enthusiastic and slightly inebriated old boy who claimed to trace their origins in the state to the Archaic period cave painters of the Lower Pecos River. “You think them good marks I used to get in art class were an accident?” they boasted. “My memaw always said it was because we are descended from the cave people in West Texas and have innate natural abilities.”
For serious genealogists, such as the ones with the Texas State Genealogical Society, a group that, among other things, doles out certificates verifying the precise profundity of one's roots, the proof is in the family pudding. To qualify for a prized Pioneer Certificate, one must be able to show an obvious trail of pudding that goes all the way back to what they call a “qualifying person.” Each generation of forebears must be verified with references to official documents, such as vital records, probate records, and census records.
Once the various generations—for our purposes, a generation equals twenty years—are identified, the math should require no more than ten of your fingers. Let's say you (first generation) were born in 1970, and your parents (second generation) in 1950, and your grandparents (third generation) in 1930, and your great-grandparents (fourth generation) in 1910, and your great-great-grandparents (fifth generation) in 1890, and your great-great-great-grandparents (sixth generation) in 1870, and your great-great-great-great-grandparents (seventh generation) in 1850, and your great-great-great-great-great-grandparents (eighth generation) in 1830, and your great-great-great-great-great-great-grandparents, the ones who arrived with the Milam colony, in 1810: that would make you a ninth-generation Texan, or thereabouts. Congratulations.
Q: In the sixties my husband and I were introduced to Furr's chess pie, having never eaten anything like it before. We loved it, and since leaving Lubbock I have tried to find a similar recipe. Any suggestions?
Judi Keith, Las Cruces, New Mexico
A: The Texanist has nothing against Furr's Fresh Buffet or its chess pie, but they must confess to you that he's never had the pleasure of sampling the dessert you describe. Honestly, they aren't sure that he's ever set foot in a Furr's. You see, the Texanist has always been a Luby's man, their cafeteria preferences having been learned from their parents, whose post-church dining option of choice was the Town and Country mall Luby's. The Texanist was especially keen on Luby's famous chocolate ice box pie, though after their dad would explain that the tall, fluffy whipped-cream topping was made out of “calf slobber,” they would become decidedly less keen on it and often surrender the slice half-eaten. The Texanist's father was a good man but not above tricking their own children out of their desserts.
The Texanist has digressed and is sorry. Despite their own personal cafeteria loyalties, they know of no reason not to pass along some pie intel that they obtained by telephoning Furr's HQ, in Plano. The woman they reached declined to release the actual recipe for Furr's butter chess pie (despite their many attempts to persuade them with sweet talk), but they did offer the following recipe, from Food.com, a recipe they described as being “similar.”
Ingredients:
1 cup butter
1 cup sugar
3 egg yolks
1 egg white
3 tablespoons water
1 teaspoon vanilla
0 cups calf slobber
Directions:
1. Cream butter and sugar as if for cake batter.
2. Add egg yolks and egg white and beat until foamy; add water and vanilla, again beating until well mixed.
3. Pour the mixture into a 9-inch unbaked pie shell and bake at 350°F for anywhere from 35 minutes to 1 hour. Test with a knife. When it comes out clean, the pie is done.
If this doesn't pass custard muster, there are always either of the two Furr's locations in Albuquerque, just 225 miles to your north.
The Texanist's Little-Known Fact of the Month: A 1,000-pound beef cow, after it has been slaughtered, bled, and relieved of its head, hide, hooves, heart, lungs, and other internal organs and viscera, will be converted into about 430 pounds of brisket, steak, roast, ribs, hamburger, stew meat, and other retail cuts.
The potential Net Neutrality repeal is a trending topic in the US
The potential Net Neutrality repeal is continuing to be a trending topic here in the US, and more and more people are starting to realize how the FCC decision is going to affect their lives. We recently covered what Net Neutrality is and how you can cast your vote for or against it. While Net Neutrality repeal has been accompanied by predominantly negative media coverage and the topic has sparkled furious conversations amongst hundreds of thousands of people from all over the world, this Thursday the Republican-dominated FCC will repeal Net Neutrality. Rather than pouring gasoline on the fire, we decided to accept the democratic decision and put down a list of things that will most likely change after the repeal.
Small businesses and artists
When Net Neutrality gets repealed, internet providers will lawfully be able to give priority to specific sites over others. What this means for artists is that if Verizon and SoundCloud start disagreeing at some point in the future, you may not be able to access the music website from your devices. Mobile carriers and ISPs will have the power to render websites such as Netflix and SoundCloud useless. If you are a small business owner who relies massively on Facebook advertising, you may have to start looking for a different platform to promote your business as people may not be able to access it freely and its popularity will decrease. Verizon is pushing a video platform called go90, so you may have to move from YouTube to go90. You may have to start using the Aol search engine instead of Google. If you are a website owner, you may have to pay a premium to ISPs if you want them to allow users with normal internet speeds to your website.
Increased bills
While we keep in mind that tech giants such as Facebook and Google may have to end up forking some cash to sweeten their relationships with ISPs, this may have an impact on your pocket as they will have to find a way to justify the new expense. This can come in various forms, you may have to pay additional $5 to your wireless carrier if you want to be able to access Facebook, or Facebook may have to end up charging its users for the service. If Net Neutrality gets repealed on Thursday, your new home internet bill might start looking similar to your Verizon Wireless bill – ISPs will stop being treated as utility bills. This is an equivalent of giving SoCal Edison the ability to charge you more for electricity used by a Samsung fridge vs. a fridge manufactured by Whirlpool.
User experience
After the Net Neutrality repeal, loading an Amazon page may not be as easy as it is right now. Your connection will depend on the relationship between the two companies. The internet provider of your choice will have the power to slow down your connection to sites that are on their naughty list. You may be taking for granted the fast speeds that you have now – soon it may take you minutes to load your favorite online magazine. ISPs will not breach your first amendment; they will simply make you wait more unless you, or the website, pay them.
Monopoly
One of the perks of living in the free world is the fact that if a company decides to abuse their power over its clients, these clients are free to leave and look for a better solution. If you are lucky enough to live in densely populated areas, you most likely have access to a few ISPs so you can pick and choose. If you live in a place where there are just one or two broadband providers, then you most likely should not be happy to see the Net Neutrality repealed as you will not have other options but to pay what you are being asked. And we all know that nowadays, the internet is not a luxury but a necessity.
Twilight of modern Internet
Currently, there are many websites expressing their protest against the so-called ‘twilight of the modern internet' and want ISPs to continue being treated as utility companies. Others are glorying the decision to repeal Net Neutrality as this will “restore the internet freedom” for Internet providers and telecom companies. Whatever their decision is, we all will have to respect it – tech companies such as Google, Amazon, and Facebook have been tracking your online steps and internet habits for years, now a few more big names such as Verizon Wireless and Comcast will simply join the crowd and get their piece of the pie.
At any rate, I don't want to cast any real aspersions of how dumb you'd have to be to have a lot of knowledge about the inner workings of the industry and academia's relationship to it, and still think that DiGRA posed any kind of existential threat to the ‘Gamer' populace as a whole. So of course Mark Kern was involved, offering such chestnuts such as decrying some presentations as libelous, and implying that anyone who hasn't shipped a game before isn't worth listening to. I think I also saw somewhere that they demanded to know how DiGRA is funded, but ironically , Mark has blocked me on Twitter, so confirming is a pain in the ass.
The truth of the matter is that we went from a world that had no game studies or game creation college programs, to fully fledged programs aimed at helping students build, examine and understand the mechanics, in a shockingly short period of time. Hell, I helped create one of these college programs myself at a community college here in Austin, although the program I worked on had a lot more hands-on vocational skills we need in local studios in Austin, rather than the navelgazing that DiGRA excels in. Still, this eruption of new college programs across the world actually demonstrates how games have fully risen from being a backroom oddity played by antisocial nerds to being massively important cultural forces that the whole world enjoys. Which is to say, DiGRA is a result of the fact that games are, in modern society, a hugely important cultural product that merits that level of examination and study. Which is to say, people who truly love games should celebrate DiGRA's existence, not fear it.
If you thought the political press was taking stock of its 2012 election year coverage of Mitt Romney's campaign and was preparing to make some course corrections in order to ensure fairer coverage of the GOP candidates ahead of 2016, you would be mistaken. Indeed, the New York Times appears to view 2012 not as an aberration but as a model for how to cover future Republican presidential campaigns.
The first indication that the Times is gearing up to make a Mitt Romney out of Chris Christie came in early December as “bridge-gate,” the allegation that New Jersey's governor sought to punish the mayor of Fort Lee by closing two lanes of the George Washington Bridge for a traffic study for days in September after the mayor refused to endorse Christie's reelection, burst off the pages of left-leaning blogs and into mainstream media outlets.
On the 13th, the Times covered “bridge-gate,” but an investigation into the supposed facts behind that case took a backseat to the Time's preferred narrative; Christie, the “bully.” To cement that narrative, the Times quoted a variety of Democratic New Jersey lawmakers on the record who described how their confrontations with Christie made them feel bullied. Some even remarked how Christie had created an “atmosphere” which invited other state officials to treat New Jersey Democrats with contempt. Days later, a Times reporter told CBS News' This Morning that, as the “front-runner for the nomination in 2016,” the governor's bully reputation could seriously damage their national political prospects.
Indeed, the politics of that story – and its potential to derail the Christie 2016 juggernaut – and not good governance appears to be the Times' paramount concern. Tiny exculpatory details like the fact that Fort Lee's mayor requested in 2010 that the governor's office investigate ways in which they could relieve gridlock on the bridge, have been overlooked.
The letter indicates that [Port Authority Executive Director Bill] Baroni met with [Mayor Mark] Sokolich face to face in September 2010 to discuss the traffic issues and that they told Sokolich to contact them in the future “to address any concerns or grievances.” Sokolich has said they were ignored by the authority during the September lane closings.
RELATED: ‘Bridge-Gate': CBS News Digs Into Scandal ‘National Democrats' Think Might Sink Christie
The Times appears set to get more aggressive with Christie with the Friday announcement that Michael Barbaro, the reporter tasked with covering the Romney campaign in 2012, will be charged with repeating that performance ahead of 2016 by trailing the Garden State governor.
While Barbaro offered more than a handful of solid pieces of journalism during the campaign, they also filed a series of frustrating reports and provided President Barack Obama's campaign with unearned fodder.
Take, for example, a series of tweets they issued in November of 2012 which created the impression that Romney's staffers were refusing to let Pennsylvania rally attendees, including small children, leave a venue in spite of the subfreezing temperatures.
“'We've got to get out! My daughter is frostbitten,' begs mom asking to leave Romney rally,” Barbaro tweeted. “Staffer replies: “It's not cold enuf for that.'”
Barbaro later clarified that the staffer directed this flippant comment to reporters and not the frazzled mother, but the damage was done. This initial characterization of the event was seized upon by Obama campaign allies, in spite of the fact that it was later taken apart by other members of the media in attendance like BuzzFeed's McKay Coppins, USA Today's Jackie Kucinich, and even the Times' Ashley Parker. Each filed reports indicating that all rally attendees who asked to leave the venue were allowed to do so immediately following the resolution of security concerns by Romney staffers.
Then there was Barbaro's illuminating report on how Mitt Romney's California home was a political liability for them because they were surrounded by several openly gay families.
It turns out that Mr. Romney — who has likened President Obama's policies to socialism, called for cutting back on federal funding to PBS and wants to outlaw same-sex marriage — has moved into a neighborhood that evokes “Modern Family” far more than “All in the Family.” (There are six gay households within a three-block radius of their house, neighbors said.)
This report was simply too much for even The Nation reporter and MSNBC host Ari Melber who appeared on MSNBC in June of 2012 to “call bull” on the report and the Times itself. Melber cornered Times reporter Jodi Kantor and forced them to defend the “thin, silly story” which they called “an attempt – implicit or otherwise – to draw connection between [Romney's] personal wealth and their candidacy.”
Melber added that it was troubling that the Times thought it was appropriate to task a campaign reporter to essentially publish what they characterized as a hit piece on Romney's wealth – a theme which the Obama campaign had used as its centerpiece to attack the Republican presidential candidate.
Perhaps the Times believes its readers have short memories, or maybe the venerable print publication has simply dropped the pretense that there is a distinction between their journalistic pieces and the editorial page. In either case, Christie is in for a rough ride with the Times if they choose to run in 2016. If the governor has any desire to win a presidential race in 2016, they will have two opponents with which they must deal forcefully and definitively; the Democratic nominee and the New York Times.
[Photo via AP/New York Times]
— —
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@NoahCRothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
According to sources at Apple, the Cupertino-company has been working on an updated version of the Compass application that includes altitude tracking, so perhaps that application, which was originally added in 2009 alongside the iPhone 3GS, is what customers will utilize to track their altitude.
Apple may add an atmospheric pressure sensor to the iPhone 6, according to a report by 9to5Mac. This follows on a rumor from March that suggested the iPhone 6 could include humidity, temperature and pressure sensors when it comes out this fall.A barometer is used to measure atmospheric pressure, giving indications on current and future weather trends as well as altitude data. The report says new APIs in iOS 8 reference altitude data, including one called "isRelativeAltitudeAvailable" that tells apps if a device "supports reporting relative altitude changes". For an iPhone 5s, the API returns "no".iOS 8 is expected to be launched this fall alongside new, larger iPhones. The altitude and pressure sensors could make an appearance in the phone as well as new iPads that are expected later this fall.
'Louie' star hitches TV future to cable network.
Louis C.K.'s 'Louie" returns May 5 for a fourth season after a 20-month break. (Photo11: K.C. Bailey, FX) Story Highlights Comedian Louis C.K. will develop new series for FX
They star in Emmy-nominated 'Louie,' which returns for a fourth season next May
Louis C.K. is staying put at FX.
The star of the network's comedy Louie has signed a development deal with the network to create pilots and potential new series, which they will supervise as executive producer, with the option to write or direct any of them. The "overall" deal, in industry lingo, is with Louis C.K.'s Pig Newton production banner.
"Working with Louis C.K. has been one of the most rewarding and enjoyable experiences of my career," said FX chief John Landgraf, in a statement lauding the comedian's "independent and idiosyncratic creative trail they have blazed."
Louie, which returns for a fourth season next May after an extended break, is a low-cost comedy that's sort of a one-man show: Louis C.K. created, writes, produces, directs, edits and stars in the episodes. The series, which is not affected by the new pact, was nominated for an Emmy as best comedy this year.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cSvOfb
IRVINE, Calif., Jan. 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- VIZIO, Inc. announced today that VIZIO SmartCast devices including TVs, displays, sound bars and speakers are now compatible with Google Home, Google's new voice-activated speaker powered by the Google Assistant. With Chromecast built-in, VIZIO SmartCast devices allow Google Home users to use their voice to control their entertainment. Using simple voice commands, Google Home users can adjust volume up and down, play, stop and skip music tracks on any Google Home supported services. Google Home users can even power on their displays by asking to play entertainment on the big screen when the "Quick Start Power Mode" function is enabled on their VIZIO SmartCast TV/display1. The VIZIO SmartCast collection, spanning P-, M-, and E-Series TVs and displays, as well as a full range of home theater sound bars and standalone wireless speakers, is available at VIZIO.com and retailers nationwide.
The VIZIO SmartCast connected ecosystem allows for consumers to enjoy added convenience through Google Home voice control. To hear a song on their VIZIO SmartCast speaker or sound bar, users can just say, "Ok Google" followed by their song request from Google Play Music, Pandora, Spotify2 and more3. If the "Quick Start Power Mode" feature is enabled on their VIZIO SmartCast TV/display, Google Home users can tell their display to play a movie even when the display is off. The display will then power on and begin loading the requested content from apps like Netflix4 and YouTube.
"Controlling VIZIO SmartCast devices from Google Home is a significant milestone for consumers and their ability to manage their entertainment experience," said Matt McRae, Chief Technology Officer, VIZIO. "Using a simple voice command to stream a movie from Netflix to a VIZIO display or stream music from Spotify to a group of VIZIO speakers is an eye-opening experience and shows off the power of VIZIO SmartCast."
Launched this past year, VIZIO SmartCast is the brand's newest ecosystem of connected entertainment products, delivering a new way to discover and access content throughout the home. With Chromecast built-in, every VIZIO SmartCast display, sound bar and speaker makes it easy for consumers to easily stream from thousands of mobile apps they already know and love directly to their VIZIO SmartCast device. By simply tapping the Cast button from within their favorite apps like Netflix and YouTube, content is then streamed directly from the Internet to any VIZIO SmartCast device via the respective WiFi network.
Consumers can also utilize the VIZIO SmartCast app to transform their iOS or Android mobile devices into powerful touchscreen remotes to fully control their VIZIO SmartCast devices, as well as use text or voice search to seamlessly search and browse content across multiple apps at once. Once users find a title, they simply tap their desired streaming service like Hulu or Vudu to begin streaming content directly to their VIZIO SmartCast display. By casting content over WiFi directly to their VIZIO SmartCast device, users can then continue using their mobile devices for other activities without interrupting the stream to the big screen.
For more information about VIZIO SmartCast visit VIZIO.com/smartcast.
Raj K Raj / Hindustan Times / Getty Images A man drinks water as the temperatures hitting over 45 degrees celsius on 7 June 2014 in New Delhi, India.
Advertisement
Blackouts this week in New Delhi and surrounding states are providing a dramatic backdrop for a bold promise by India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, whose Hindu nationalist party swept to power in a landslide election last month. As a scorching heatwave drove power consumption beyond the grid's capacity, Modi's government vowed to deliver "round-the-clock power for all by 2022," reports the Wall Street Journal.
That will be an awesome task. Nearly one-quarter of India's 1.26 billion citizens lack grid access. And India's utilities have struggled to keep up with demand from those who are connected. Power cuts are frequent.
The Journal article quotes Piyush Goyal, Modi's minister for power, coal, and renewable energy, who blames the shortcomings of India's power grid on the government of outgoing PM Manmohan Singh: "The previous government failed to take crucial decisions to expand grid connectivity...The sector is in a mess."
Reporting by Spectrum in recent years has identified a series of challenges facing India's power system, including insufficient power generation and transmission capacity. In July 2012, undeclared excess power consumption by several Indian states sparked a pair of massive blackouts. The second cut power to more than 600 million people—more than any blackout before or since.
The previous government was not entirely lacking in action. For instance, major transmission links between India's five regional grids have been upgraded from 400 kilovolts to 765 kV. (Though the decision to complete one upgrade in mid-summer contributed to the 2012 outages).
The prior government also backed greater use of renewable energy. For instance, it promoted irrigation via solar water pumps to reduce strain on India's grid and reduce farmers' reliance on costly, polluting diesel generators. The prior government co-financed solar pumping for over 10,000 farmers in the especially poor, dry state of Rajasthan, according to The Ecologist. And in February it launched an initiative to install 26 million solar pumps nationwide.
But Modi's new government does have a good story to tell. As chief minister for Gujarat, Modi oversaw major upgrades that made the northwestern state a net exporter of electricity, insulating it from the 2012 blackouts according to the Times of India. And the Gujarat electrification program's use of separate distribution feeders for domestic, agricultural, and industrial loads appears to be spurring economic development. Separate feeders mean grid controllers can prioritize money-making ventures, thus reassuring investors that their operations will deliver.
Modi's new national government has yet to offer many details on its energy plan beyond affirming India's ongoing build-out of nuclear power and the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (named for India's first prime minister). Launched in 2010, the solar mission targets deployment of 20 gigawatts of grid-connected solar power by 2022. Last year, India nearly doubled its solar capacity to 2.18 GW.
As the slide shows, these papers have pretty much all been published in the last month. I think that people outside the field of genome assembly might be surprised by just how much new software keeps being developed in this field.
It is hard to know whether anyone can really stay on top of so many new papers. It can be hard enough to find time just to read them all, let alone properly test and evaluate the software.
That's why I'm hopeful that the new nucleotid.es website by Michael Barton (@bioinformatics) might really be able to help with this problem. If you didn't know, this website not only provides a catalog of popular genome assemblers, but also tries to benchmark them by using various test datasets.
The stroke of genius behind this ongoing, Assemblathon-like, effort, is to package assembler tools using Docker containers. Using Docker is proving to be a popular approach for making software packages easy to distribute without the bulk associated with distributing Virtual Machines (VMs).
Another great aspect of nucleotide.es is that people can submit assembler images that use slightly different command-line options. So it becomes easier to see the difference of tweaking one setting on resulting metrics like NG50. The site could probably do with some more metrics, and more varied test sets — perhaps reflecting larger genomes, more repeat-rich genomes, and genomes with higher heterozygosity — but I'm sure that it will continue to evolve and improve.
If you want to know more about nucleotide.es, check out Michael's set of slides from a recent talk that they gave. Also, take a look to see which assemblers are currently performing well.
Updated 2014-09-22 to include link to my talk and make a couple of minor edits.
[youtube]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQ8YGK2mWd4&list=UU0oux2kiDINhX76StpGpA8g[/youtube]
La calidad de una democracia se refleja en el espacio político que tienen las alternativas. El respeto al cambio político, el tratamiento mediático de lo nuevo, el fair play del gobierno y las instituciones con lo que se está abriendo paso son rasgos de una democracia que, porque se sabe consolidada, entiende que las novedades han surgido por algo. En España, por eso mismo, la calidad de la democracia está por los suelos. Cualquier propuesta nueva que señale las insuficiencias del régimen es demonizada. Lunes, miércoles y viernes, Podemos es ETA. Martes, jueves y sábados, es Venezuela. El domingo descansan, que para eso somos un país católico. Y mientras, el régimen del 78 se degrada y se degrada.
Y aquí os dejamos a Kavafis: esperando a los bárbaros.
[youtube]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbOq_igut6I&list=UU0oux2kiDINhX76StpGpA8g[/youtube]
Salary cuts of up to 10 per cent are being implemented by oilsands miner Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. for staff in Calgary and Aberdeen, Scotland, the company confirmed Wednesday.
In a brief statement in response to a Herald inquiry, the company thanked its more than 7,600 workers for “notable gains” in efficiency but said the pay cuts were necessary because of low oil prices and the “current fiscal and regulatory challenges.”
“In this environment, Canadian Natural is taking additional actions to further reduce costs and to protect the robustness of the company by implementing a salary reduction of up to 10 per cent for all Calgary and Aberdeen staff,” said the statement from spokesperson Julie Woo. “The salary reduction is higher for higher salaried individuals.”
It was unclear how many staff members are being affected, nor did the company say how much in total it expects to save.
Earlier this year, the company said members of its management committee and directors would take a 10 per cent pay cut, while vice-presidents' salaries would fall five per cent. Woo said the recent additional cuts would also apply to those people.
Last month, it further reduced its 2015 capital spending budget by $245 million to $5.5 billion. It was originally set at about $8.6 billion.
In a research note Friday, analyst Nick Lupick of AltaCorp Capital said Canadian Natural is realizing big cost savings on its Horizon oilsands mine expansions, expected to add 125,000 barrels of oil per day by 2017, and is planning to sell its royalty business this year. They suggested the company may be able to increase its dividend payouts to investors heading into 2016.
“With all of the asupervisorstioned catalysts potentially culminating over the next six to eight months, we believe that the stock has the opportunity to significantly outperform the greater Canadian energy peer group,” they wrote.
In August, Canadian Natural recorded a $405-million second-quarter loss, compared with $1 billion in earnings during the same period a year earlier, mainly due to a $579 million charge to account for the Alberta government's 20 per cent increase in corporate income tax.
Low commodity prices were blamed for announcements last week by Penn West Petroleum that it would cut its workforce by 35 per cent or over 400 full-time employees and contractors, and by ConocoPhillips Canada that it would lay off 400 employees and 100 contractors in a 15 per cent workforce reduction.
dhealing@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/HealingSlowly
Welcome to Ask the Critics, in which we answer your food, eating, and restaurant questions. Check out previous weeks' queries, and e-mail fork@villagevoice.com with your own.
Montreal Food Guy wondered:
Hi Robert and Sarah, This may seem like an odd question, but here it goes: Do people in Hawaii like Hawaiian Pizza? I personally find it a little disturbing and insulting to all pizzas. If you exclude the fact that a tomato is a fruit, then there should be no other fruit that should be considered a topping on a pizza. Your thoughts.
I have to agree with Montreal Food Man on the disturbing nature of those pies topped with tomato sauce, cheese, ham, and pineapple, but I didn't feel quite qualified to hold forth on the eating preferences of a faraway state.
So I called up Nadine Kam, the features editor and restaurant reviewer at the Honolulu Star Bulletin. Hoping they wouldn't hang up on me, I asked them if Hawaii has Hawaiian pizza, and if so, if Hawaiians particularly like it. They told me this.
…Just about every chain restaurant here has a version of the pineapple-topped pizza, popular with a small segment of the population who like sweet-sour flavors. They love it, but they're an exception. Tastes in pizza here are pretty conservative, even in the post-CPK [California Pizza Kitchen] era. That may seem a little odd considering we'd eat some of these ingredients, like Thai chicken or Japanese eggplant, in various ethnic restaurants. We just like them more with rice than on a pizza crust. So the go-to pizzas are usually a basic pepperoni-sausage combination pizza, or a vegetarian pizza. No one is averse to a teriyaki or barbecue chicken pizza, for instance. We love barbecue chicken. But anecdotally, whenever we have office pizza parties, the Italians and combinations go first, followed by the vegetarians, and the chicken pizza is left standing.
So there you have it: Hawaiians don't like Hawaiian pizza any more than the rest of us, and in fact they skew conservative when it comes to pie toppings.
But then I started to wonder where Hawaiian pizza came from in the first place. Wikipedia, that font of reliable information, says that in 1960, Sam Panopoulos, owner of the Family Circle Restaurant in Chatham, Ontario, was the first to make it.
Chatham is a municipality of just over 100,000 people in southern Ontario, about 50 miles northeast of Detroit.
I called the Chatham Chamber of Commerce, but no one there had heard this Hawaiian pizza origin story, although they did give me the phone number of the guy who owns the space where Family Circle used to be. Unfortunately, they do not answer their phone.
Over at the Chatham Daily News, Ellwood Shreve, a reporter who covers human interest stories about the people of the area, was positively tickled. “I was born and raised in Chatham, and I almost forgot about that place,” they said of the Family Circle Restaurant. But they had not heard the invention claim.
“Try Bob Boughner,” they said. “If anyone will know, it's him. They started here around 1960.”
Boughner said they remembered the restaurant and the guy, but that they didn't recall the Hawaiian pizza connection.
But Boughner is not one to let a story go cold. They called a few other Panopoulos listings in the phone book, and eventually tracked down Sam himself, now retired and living in London, Ontario, a nearby city. It turns out that Wikipedia nearly got the facts right: Panopoulos does claim they were the first to come up with Hawaiian pizza. But it was at an earlier place, called the Satellite Restaurant. Today, Boughner wrote a story about the creation of the pizza for the Chatham Daily News.
“Chatham-Kent can claim many firsts — the latest is the creation of
Hawaiian pizza. The originator, 76-year-old Sam Panopoulos of London, recalls coming up
with the dish in 1962 when they opened the Satellite Restaurant on King
Street in downtown Chatham. ‘No one made pizza in Chatham prior to that,” they said, in a telephone
interview Friday. “We would drive to Windsor to order pizza.'”
And later:
Sarah DiGregorio, a staff writer with the Village Voice, a newspaper in
New York, called The Chatham Daily News this week as part of them
investigation into the origin of Hawaiian pizza. They said an article on Wikipedia credits Panopoulos with inventing the
idea of putting pineapples and ham on pizza in 1960.
“I'm wondering if this is true,” they said. “It's true that I came up with the idea for Hawaiian pizza but it was
at the Satellite and not at the Family Circle,” said Panopoulos.
And there you have it, folks. This concludes our Hawaiian pizza coverage for the day.
When the US income and spending figures for December came out, the punditry couldn't contain their exuberance following the massive surge in income which as we explained was merely a function of the pulled forward wages and bonuses in December due to fears of what the Fiscal Cliff and the expiration of the payroll tax cut would do to incomes in 2013 (nothing good), as well as a surge in stock dividends to avoid a dividend tax hike resulting in yet another boost in income. The spike in personal income without an offset in spending sent the savings rate to the highest in three years.
Today it's payback time as moments ago we learned that the US consumer gave back all the December gains and then much following news that while spending did nothing, and came in as expected at 0.2%, personal income imploded by 3.6% on estimates of a modest 2.4% drop. This was the biggest drop in personal income in 20 years just as the US consumer's confidence was soaring at least according to such manipulated aggregators as UMich. What this also led to was that not only is the stock market back to 2007 levels, but so is the personal saving rate, which crashed from 6.4% to 2.4%, the lowest since November 2007, and leaving Americans with the least purchasing power just as the full impact of a government that is flirting with austerity is starting to be felt. And just as bad was the material 4% pullback in real disposable personal income or adjusted for inflation.
"Consumers can't spend what they don't have, and they don't have much much,” summarized Bloomberg economist Rich Yamarone.
Just don't tell the TV talking heads on financial comedy TV for whom the only thing that matters is how high two algos can chase the hot potato known as the Dow Jones Industrial Average. .
IOWA CITY, Iowa -- University of Iowa All-American quarterback Randy Duncan passed away Tuesday evening in Des Moines, following a lengthy battle with cancer. They were 79. Funeral arrangements are pending.
"The word 'legend' is so often overused in sports, but in the case of Randy Duncan it fits perfectly," said UI head football coach Kirk Ferentz . "He was one of the true Hawkeye legends, who served as an outstanding representative of Iowa football and the University of Iowa. A great family man, Randy was humble and caring, and lived life to the fullest. They were passionate and dedicated to their work and a great friend of Iowa football. Randy was a true hero to those who knew them due to their selflessness and dedication to their family and profession."
A native of Osage, Iowa, Duncan earned consensus All-America honors at Iowa while leading the Hawkeyes to the 1959 Rose Bowl. Iowa earned the Grantland Rice Award in 1958, symbolic of the national football championship at the time.
"We are all saddened to hear of the passing of Randy Duncan," said Gary Barta , UI director of athletics. "Our heartfelt condolences and prayers go out to Paula and the entire family. Randy was a Hawkeye icon because of their athletic accomplishments. But more importantly, a great husband, family man, and community leader who fought a great battle over the last few years. I'm honored to have known him."
Duncan was the first team All-Big Ten quarterback as both a junior and senior, leading Iowa to a 15-2-2 record in their two years as the starting quarterback. They led the Big Ten in passing in 1958 and concluded their Hawkeye career by leading the Hawkeyes to a 38-12 win over California in the 1959 Rose Bowl Game.
Duncan earned the Walter Camp Trophy and was named college Player of the Year by three organizations. They were named Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference and later was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.  They are a member of the UI Varsity Club Hall of Fame and one of nine former Hawkeyes to be recognized on the Kinnick Stadium Ring of Honor.
Duncan was the first player selected in the 1959 NFL Draft (Green Bay) before electing to begin their professional career in the Canadian Football League. They retired from professional football in 1961, returning to school to earn their law degree from Drake University. They practiced law in Des Moines throughout their career.
Duncan is survived by their wife, Paula, and sons Scott and Jed. They were preceeded in death by their son, Matt.
As cities deal with little power, police report relative calm Feds focus searches in Galveston, Orange counties
At least 940 people have been rescued in aftermath
People walk to assess neighborhood damage in Pearland this morning after Hurricane Ike made landfall. Harris County Judge Ed Emmett urged residents to stay in their homes and conserve water today as officials assess the damage dealt by Ike. fewer People walk to assess neighborhood damage in Pearland this morning after Hurricane Ike made landfall. Harris County Judge Ed Emmett urged residents to stay in their homes and conserve water today as officials ... more Photo: Nick De La Torre, CHRONICLE Photo: Nick De La Torre, CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close As cities deal with little power, police report relative calm 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
As Houston and the surrounding cities remained largely without power late Saturday night, local law enforcement reported relative calm.
Houston Police Department spokesperson Officer Gabe Ortiz said there were no reports of looting in the city. The city's downtown remained close to the public, as work crews worked to clear shards of broken glass, uprooted trees and downed powerlines.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said late Saturday that federal officials are concerned about the potential death toll from Hurricane Ike, and are moving aggressively to rescue stranded residents, primarily in Orange and Galveston counties.
"We obviously are concerned," Chertoff told reporters Saturday night in Austin. "There may be people we find who didn't get out and will be in the rubble."
They applauded the response of state and local officials and said they could not yet put a dollar figure on the damage, except to say that it would likely rival some of the "legendary" damage figures of storms past.
"By any measure, it was a huge storm," they said.
At 10 p.m. today, the National Weather Service said, Ike, now downgraded to a tropical storm, had moved north of Texarkana and was on a path to Arkansas with maximum winds of 40 mph.
At least 940 people have been rescued, most from Orange and Galveston counties, Chertoff said. Emergency officials have millions of meals and bottles of water ready for distribution, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has 20 teams ready to remove debris, they said.
About 40,000 people found refuge in 250 shelters all over the state, they said, and although some were full, others had plenty of capacity.
In Louisiana, winds and waters killed two people as coastal areas were inundated with a storm surge that crawled 30 miles inland, flooding tens of thousands of homes and making many roads impassable. Gov. Bobby Jindal said Saturday night that nearly 600 people had been rescued from flooded areas, including 116 nursing home residents moved out of Franklin because a nearby levee failed.
More than 13 hours after launching rescue and recovery missions in the hardest-hit portions of the Gulf Coast, officials had no estimate of the death toll for Hurricane Ike. In Galveston County, about 23,000 island residents are thought to have ignored the evacuation call and tried to weather the 110 mph storm.
Rescue teams with city of Galveston said they have helped 200 people in the last few days escape their flooded homes, said Pete Davis, chief of the Galveston Island Beach Patrol. Davis said rescuers helped an elderly woman and their family evacuate a home on the far west end of the island, where water appeared to swelled about 20 feet during the early morning storm.
One woman's death was confirmed by relatives late Saturday. Richard Dare said their cousin, 65-year-old Martha Ferguson, died between noon and 1 p.m. Saturday at a house in Galveston where they were staying with relatives.
In the Houston area, snapped trees and power polls and shattered the windows of city skycrapers, but despite the extensive property damage, Mayor Bill White and Harris County Judge Ed Emmett said they were grateful the area had sustained so little loss of life.
So far, Emmett said they knew of one death that came from the storm, a woman who passed away while they were being transported between hospitals. The U.S. Coast Guard has saved at least 23 people, they said.
"I cannot tell you how our community has been blessed," they said. "We have avoided a lot of the tragedies that have been seen in other places."
In Harris County, where 250,000 people were advised to evacuate their homes in neighborhoods vulnerable to storm surge, the list of living, injured and — possibly — dead has yet to be compiled. Rescue workers had launched searches for the more than 100,000 area residents who ignored evacuation orders and attempted to ride out the storm in their homes.
At least one area death was directly attributed to the storm. Montgomery County Sheriff's Lt. Dan Norris said a woman was crushed by a tree as they slept in their home.
At midafternoon, Houston police said they were investigating two possible carbon monoxide poisoning-related deaths connected with improperly ventilated generators.
Memorial Hermann had seen six cases of carbon monoxide poisoning by 10 p.m. Saturday and treated four of those patients, hospital spokesperson Lindsey Klingensmith said. The other two people benefited from being away from the poisonous gas, they said, and did not require treatment.
Those who have been rescued from high water or other emergencies have been taken to several shelters in Houston, although those are not yet open to the general public, a step emergency officials may take tomorrow or later.
Judging by a helicopter tour they took today, White said the hardest hit neighborhoods in the Houston area included Gulf Bank and Westmount Houston. Flooding was not as high as during Tropical Storm Allison in 2001. Homes along Brays Bayou that flooded then have not been overrun by water now.
As much of Houston and the outlaying cities in the path of Hurricane Ike prepared for a night without power, White encouraged residents to stay home, extending a curfew for a second day in areas ordered to evacuate.
White urged federal officials to help restore power to the 5 million people on the Gulf Coast who lost power during the hurricane, calling it a "national priority" at a press conference later. More than 3,000 electrical line repair workers had arrived in the city to help restore power, they said, but there was no timetable for when electricity would be restored.
White continued to urge caution and encouraged residents impacted by the storm to stay home. In Harris County neighborhoods, where 250,000 people were advised to evacuate before the storm, a curfew was extended for a second day, from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m.
"This is no time to be out on the streets if you don't need to be," White said.
Power has been restored to a major water pumping station, White said, assuring that tap water could be clean enough to drink as early as noon Monday, although testing could take longer.
White said power was restored to the pumping station at 3:30p.m., and would take eight hours to build up to normal levels. They said city employees would need to conduct tests at over 50 sites to ensure it is safe for drinking. The longest test takes 36 hours.
White has consistently said there is no evidence that water became contaminated once the city's Lynchburg Station lost power, but they urged Houstonians to continue to conserve water and boil it for one minute before drinking.
"We have no evidence of contamination of the water supply, but we want to be very careful," White said.
On Saturday morning residents of Houston and its storm-stricken neighboring cities assessed damage from Ike, a Category 2 hurricane that snapped trees and power polls and shattered the windows of city skycrapers.
Downtown Houston was closed to the public today to enable the cleanup to begin.
Gov. Rick Perry announced that Galveston Island has been closed to all but emergency personnel to allow the search to take place.
In Galveston County, where fire personnel received 100 calls for help after they had shut down operations Thursday, city officials pleaded with the media not to photograph corpses.
Chertoff said more than 50 helicopters and other aircraft were flying as part of the massive search and rescue operation in Texas and Louisiana. They said 2.2 million Texans and approximately 130,000 Louisiana residents evacuated their homes on Ike's approach.
"We hope it's a small number," Chertoff said regarding possible hurricane deaths. "But we're going to have to wait and see."
The resistance to the evacuation calls surprised officials.
But, said Perry spokesperson, Mark Miner, "This is a democracy. Local officials put out a very strong warning. . .But you can't force people to leave their homes."
In Chambers County officials launched boats to hunt survivors in Oak Island and Smith Point, communities that were submerged in 15 to 17 feet of water when Ike smashed ashore earlier today.
Chambers County spokesperson Mike Kubik said many residents of the coastal county east of Houston ignored the calls to evacuate because of sour memories of Hurricane Rita's 2005 gridlocked evacuation.
Kubic said rescue workers will investigate an unconfirmed report that an Oak Island resident called for help, saying they were treading water on the second floor of their home but did not know how long they could continue.
In Brazoria County, where officials also worried about holdouts who refused to leave, emergency management officials this afternoon cautiously suggested the county may have escaped without fatalities or serious injuries.
Officials earlier estimated that up to 35 percent of residents in mandatory evacuation zones stayed behind.
"At least, we dodged the bullet on that," said Brazoria County Justice of the Peace Wayne DuBose. "But we took a big hit and there's a lot of damage everywhere."
Hurricane Ike's center hit Galveston Island at 2:10 a.m. today with 110 mph winds — a strong Category 2 hurricane. The winds propelled a 12.4 foot storm surge into the downtown area, leaving much of the district inundated in 6 to 7 feet of water.
Ike scoured the city's seawall, demolishing landmarks including the Balinese Room, a historic nightclub and one-time gambling establishment dating to the 1940s. Also destroyed were Murdoch's Pier and a Hooters restaurant, the latter said to have crashed into the sea at 1 a.m. with an explosive roar.
In Houston, Ike's damage was widespread, and included Reliant Stadium — leading to a cancellation of the Texan's Monday season-opener against Baltimore
Late this morning the Harris County Toll Road Authority closed the Houston Ship Channel Bridge for safety reasons, noting the bridge would reopen when winds subsided.
Houston Hobby airport officials said two runways are open, but no carrier has announced plans to resume flying.
Airport spokesperson Marlene McClinton said Southwest Airlines has not scheduled any flights for Sunday and two other carriers have not yet decided whether to resume service.
Continental Airlines also suspended operations at Bush Intercontinental Airport until Monday in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike, company officials said. The cancellations include Continental Express and Continental Connection flights.
The airline is working closely with the Houston Airport system, as well as with city and county officials to reactivate the airport, officials said.
Post-Ike analysis today presented one happy fact: The hurricane could have been a lot worse.
Ike came ashore slightly east of where it officially was expected, meaning that its northeast quadrant — and the largest surge — impacted Bolivar Peninsula and points up the Texas coast.
Thus, what was expected to be a 15-20 storm surge on Galveston's seawall checked in at little more than 12 feet.
Fire and EMS crews were back on the street by 9 a.m. after Ike's powerful winds forced them to suspend services earlier this morning, Houston Fire Department Executive Assistant Chief Rick Flanagan said. The city's 911 service has received 4,700 calls in the past 24 hours, and crews were working as quickly as possible to answer them, they said.
However, they noted the same downed power lines, billboards and trees that made driving hazardous for civilians was impeding their ability to reach some locations.
CenterPoint spokesperson Floyd LeBlanc said downtown Houston and the Medical Center, both of which have underground power lines, were the only large areas with reliable electricity. They said CenterPoint had braced for more than half its customer base losing service, and full restoration could take "several weeks."
CenterPoint said late Saturday it had restored power to about 112,000 customers, mostly in the western portion of its service area, and a pumping station that is a major source of water for Houston. The company said 1.99 million of its 2.26 million customers were still without power.
Entergy spokesperson David Caplan said 96 percent of its customers throughout its service area — or 380,000 - are in the dark. Two generating stations in Bridge City and Willis are down, so they and transmission lines have to be back up before crews can focus on restoring power to customers. Caplan says the process could take weeks.
In Galveston, Fire Chief Michael Varela, speaking to reporters in the San Luis Hotel, where the city's mayor and emergency personnel are staying, said they would respond to needs on the west end of the island first, since it was the hardest hit.
At least eight to 10 feet of water was on the streets when they ceased operations, and the second half of the storm, which came after that point, was far worse than the first, they said.
Asked how hard they believed Galveston had been hit, Varela said: "For us, one to 10, I'd say it's a 10."
White said that in Ike's aftermath, they were impressed to see Houstonians out with chainsaws and axes, helping each other clear debris from streets, lawns and homes.
"I ask neighbors to give comfort to their neighbors, to reach out to them, to give assistance, and to let them know they are not alone," they said. "You can't control life, but you can control how you react to it. That's the spirit of Houston."
Chronicle Reporters Eric Berger, Lynn Cook, Carolyn Feibel, Mary Flood, Cindy George, Cindy Horswell, Kristen Hays, Terri Langford, Dale Lezon, Jennifer Latson, Jennifer Leahy, Ericka Mellon, Bradley Olson, James Pinkerton, Allan Turner and Susan Carroll.
liz.peterson@chron.com
carolyn.feibel@chron.com
It began as a bad practical joke, but now Apple has confirmed an iOS bug that is no laughing matter…
Posting an update to its support pages, Apple has revealed that changing the date to January 1 1970 on any iPhone, iPad or iPod touch running iOS 8.x or iOS 9.x (including the latest iOS 9.2.1 release) can stop it from turning on the next time it is restarted. It has confirmed a preventative fix for this will be released soon and in the meantime anyone already affected by the bug should contact Apple support (given their devices won't be able to switch on to receive the update).
Of course the obvious question here is: Why would anyone change the date on their device to January 1 1970? The answer: to unlock Easter eggs.
Yes, this was the promise made on a Reddit thread last week. It claimed any user who rolled back their device to this date would unlock a secret 1970s themed hidden feature. Instead they were greeted by something far more literally reminiscent of 1970s computing, a device which won't turn on. In fact even placing the device in Recovery Mode (hold sleep/wake and home buttons continuously until you see the recovery screen - about 15 to 20 seconds) failed to address the problem.
That should've been the end of it, but it gained momentum as a (predictably) evil trick friends and coworkers began playing on one another.
It is worth pointing out that, despite Apple's promise of a quick fix, users running iOS 8 are unlikely to get a fix unless they update to iOS 9 as Apple no longer supports iOS 8. Of course the other obvious way to avoid this bug is to not do something you were incredibly unlikely to do in the first place…
___
Follow Gordon on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
More On Forbes
Apple iOS 9.2.1 Has A Great Secret Feature
Apple iOS 9.2.1: Should You Upgrade?
Apple iOS 9.3 Unveiled, It Has 3 Great New Features
iPhone 7 Leaks 'Confirm' Apple Abandoning Headphone Jack
Apple Leak Reveals Massive New iPhone 7
Before their committee sat, unapologetic and uncontrite, Apple CEO Tim Cook, whose company had paid no U.S. corporate income taxes on the $74 billion it had earned abroad in recent years.
“Apple has sought the Holy Grail of tax avoidance,” said Levin. “Apple has exploited an absurdity.”
Actually, Apple had done nothing wrong, except hire some crack accountants who chose Ireland's County Cork as the headquarters of their international division. Thus Apple paid on profits earned outside the U.S.A. nothing but a 2 percent tax imposed by the Irish government.
Far from being condemned, Apple's CPAs ought to be inducted into the Accountants Hall of Fame.
It is no more immoral for Apple to move its headquarters for foreign sales to Ireland than for Big Apple residents to move to Florida to escape the 12 percent combined state and city income tax.
Among the reasons the Sun Belt is booming at the expense of the Rust Belt is not just the weather. Southern states strive to keep income and estate taxes low or nonexistent. They want companies and families to relocate and live there, and to spend their money there.
The problem here is not with Apple, it is with Sen. Levin & Co.
In a press release, “Avoiding Their Fair Share of Taxes,” the AFL-CIO hails Levin and bewails the fact that though the U.S. corporate tax rate is 35 percent, highest in the world, corporate income tax revenue has fallen to well below 10 percent of federal tax revenue.
“Cash tax payments by non-financial companies in the S&P 500 Index fell … to $222 billion in 2010,” moaned the AFL-CIO.
“Another corporate tax avoidance strategy is to move overseas to a corporate tax haven like Bermuda. By reincorporating offshore, companies avoid paying federal income taxes on profits earned outside the United States.”
Yes, they do. But instead of bewailing this, perhaps we should start thinking and acting as our forebears did. In the same Wall Street Journal that reported on Cook's defense of Apple, former Sen. Phil Gramm described that earlier America:
“Over the late 19th century, real GDP and employment doubled, annual average real earnings rose by over 60 percent and wholesale prices fell by 75 percent, thanks to marked improvement in productivity.”
Astonishing. And what is the difference between that age and ours? A 35 percent income tax rate on individuals and corporations that did not exist then, and would have been regarded by Americans of the Gilded Age as the satanic work of Friedrich Engels and Karl Marx.
From the Civil War to World War I, our economy grew from one-half the size of Great Britain's to twice Britain's. American companies were capturing markets abroad. Today's U.S. companies are looking for ways to relocate abroad.
Herewith, a modest proposal to turn this around.
Since the U.S. corporate income tax now produces less than 10 percent of federal revenue and less than 2 percent of gross domestic product, abolish it. Get rid of it.
Think of it. A continent-wide nation that doesn't tax business.
Assume this would cost the Treasury $250 billion in lost revenue.
How to make it up? Put a 10 percent tariff on imports entering the United States, which last year added up to $2.7 trillion.
This tax reform would thus be revenue neutral.
And what would a corporate income tax rate of zero, with a 10 percent tariff on goods entering the U.S.A. from abroad, accomplish?
First, every U.S. corporation that had moved abroad in search of lower taxes in recent years would start thinking about coming home and bringing its production and its jobs back to America.
Second, that $2 trillion in income U.S. companies have stashed abroad would come roaring back into U.S. institutions.
Third, foreign companies would begin to relocate and produce here in America, both to get around the tariff and pay no taxes.
Fourth, U.S. producers would see sales soar inside the $17 trillion U.S. market, at the expense of foreigners who would pay a 10-percent admission fee to get into this market, a fraction of what they used to pay in the 19th century.
While this would cause a surge in unemployment among IRS agents and accountants, hundreds of millions of man hours could be redirected away from filling out tax forms and into productive work.
“Since 1980, the U.S. has run trade deficits in every year totaling about $9 trillion,” writes columnist Robert Samuelson.
That is 9 thousand billion dollars in trade deficits!
It is what unmade America as a self-reliant republic and made China a manufacturing marvel. And those trade deficits are how America became a dependent nation in hock to the world.
From 1865 to 1914, America had 10 Republican presidents. All believed in financing government by taxing imports, not the incomes of U.S. citizens or the U.S. companies that employed them.
And this was how the miracle Sen. Gramm details came about.
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
I've tried a variety of ISPs over the years, and for the past two I've been using fiber on BT that manages speeds of around 70Mbps. Streaming, gaming, and general downloading have all been fine, but I've been jealous of friends with 200Mbps connections on Virgin Media. I just moved apartments at the weekend, and I was initially shocked to learn that there are no high-speed internet options available from providers like Virgin Media or BT. Moving house is stressful enough without having to worry about your internet addiction
Thankfully, I found an ISP that is literally a dream come true in the UK. Hyperoptic, a five-year-old company I'd never heard of, has been providing 1Gbps internet speeds to homes and businesses across London and other parts of the UK. Luckily enough, the building I've moved into can support 1Gbps speeds on Hyperoptic. I had the option to choose between 10Mbps, 100Mbps, and 1Gbps, but the choice is pretty clear if you're an internet addict. Hyperoptic doesn't force you to spend money on a phone line like BT does, so I simply opted for the 1Gbps package to see what it would be like to have that speed in my own home.
I've only had the service less than a week, but I've honestly struggled to witness the differences between nearly 100Mbps speeds and the impressive 1Gbps connection. Streaming 4K content seems just as reliable as before, and web pages for the most part aren't noticeably faster. The big difference is the huge 1Gbps upload. I can send large files to OneDrive or Dropbox in what seems instant, and even sending files to friends and family is a lot quicker.
When I switched from 56K to ADSL, or from ADSL to a fiber connection, there was a powerful and noticeable bump in speed. I honestly haven't felt that yet with this connection. I've been getting speeds that are very close to the maximum achievable over a wired LAN, but they haven't made a huge difference to the way I work. Websites and services just aren't setup to fully utilize a 1Gbps connection. That's not entirely surprising here in the UK as the government is still struggling to get the nation on super-fast connections. The bar has been set at a minimum of 2Mbps for 95 percent of the nation, and it's such a low base speed that the investment in the infrastructure required to make use of 1Gbps connections just isn't going to happen at a rapid pace until businesses and consumers can make use of such speeds.
Wi-Fi is also a bottleneck with a 1Gbps connection. I can manage around 400Mbps max using an AC router, but the more I move away from the router then the less bandwidth I get. It's tempting to say that a 100Mbps connection is all you need, and it probably is for now. If history has taught us anything, though, it's that we'll look back at 100Mbps internet connections and chuckle that we even used something so slow. The future of super high-speed internet is already here, but we just need everything else to catch up and pick up the pace.
Image caption The "brightest flashlight" app was downloaded to millions of Android devices
Tens of millions of Android users have been "deceived" by a developer who covertly gathered personal data, the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) said.
GoldenShores Technologies took ID and location data from the millions using its Brightest Flashlight app.
The developer shared the data with ad networks but did not tell users about this practice, an FTC statement said.
To settle the charges, GoldenShores has agreed to give users more control over what happens to their data.
In its statement, the FTC criticised GoldenShores for its poor privacy policy, which did not let people know that the app was logging their precise location and a unique identifier for their phone and was then sharing that information with advertisers.
'Left in the dark'
Although the free app offered people an opt-out clause, the FTC said this was "meaningless" because data from all users of the Brightest Flashlight app was shared whether they agreed or not.
"When consumers are given a real, informed choice, they can decide for themselves whether the benefit of a service is worth the information they must share to use it," said Jessica Rich, director of the FTC bureau of consumer protection, in a statement.
"But this Flashlight app left them in the dark about how their information was going to be used," they added.
A settlement deal signed by GoldenShores tightens up its privacy policy and demands that the company change how it handles data. In particular, it must no longer misrepresent how it gathers data and whom it is shared with, and must give consumers meaningful control over what is done with the information.
In addition, it must delete all the data it previously gathered from those who downloaded the Flashlight app.
Signs for Interstates 41 and 94 can be seen along County Line Road on October 26, 2017, in Mount Pleasant. Foxconn's new 20 million-square-foot manufacturing plant will be built in Mount Pleasant. (Photo: TNS)
Wisconsin officials are moving ahead with aggressive plans to upgrade I-94 south of Milwaukee despite uncertainty over a key source of federal funding for the project.
The improvements, including the addition of an extra lane in both directions of the freeway, took on new urgency this year with Foxconn Technology Group's plans to build a massive electronics plant in the Village of Mount Pleasant, east of the freeway.
State transportation authorities are bullish on their chances for the federal money, especially with a national spotlight on Foxconn and its plans to construct a $10 billion complex that could employ up to 13,000 workers.
FULL COVERAGE: Foxconn in Wisconsin
“We think that we have a really nice project that fits the requirements of the grant,” said Brett Wallace, director of the southeast region of the state Department of Transportation.
DOT officials made a public presentation of the freeway project Thursday at the Mount Pleasant Village Hall that featured plans to convert I-94 from three to four lanes from south of College Ave. in Milwaukee County to state Highway 142 in Kenosha County by December 2021.
The state is pinning its hopes for the expanded freeway and related work on a $246.2 million federal grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation that would pay for about half the remaining cost.
But Wisconsin is making a big ask: The state Department of Transportation is seeking one-sixth of $1.5 billion available in the federal government's grant program, known as the Infrastructure for Rebuilding America, or INFRA.
Wallace acknowledged the state is seeking a big share of the money.
But they said the state's application meets important criteria federal authorities are looking for. A major selling point: the economic benefits of improved traffic flow in and around the Foxconn project and the burgeoning I-94 commercial corridor that includes Amazon and Uline operations in Kenosha County.
But if the federal funding fails to come through, or the amount is less than the state is seeking, how will the state makeup the difference?
“I think that a good question is where is the rest of the money coming from?”
asked Patrick Goss, executive director of the Wisconsin Transportation Builders Association.
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Their group supports the Foxconn project and the upgrade to I-94 but is concerned about funding and its implications for other road projects in Wisconsin.
“We have a funding problem when it comes to paying for state roads,” they said.
“What if you don't get all of the money you are asking for? There is a whole state that we have to take care of.”
That point was underscored in an analysis by the Legislature's nonpartisan budget office on the effect Foxconn could have on other road projects.
The Legislative Fiscal Bureau in a report on Thursday said the state's commitment now totals $134 million for roads near Foxconn. It concluded that this would likely mean less money for other projects.
The local upgrades that receive state funds are International Drive, Braun Road and a new road, “Wisconn Valley Way” in Mount Pleasant and a widening of county Highway KR that divides Racine and Kenosha counties.
The state DOT in its most recent schedule of contracts identified cost estimates of $69 million to $82 million for those projects. Funding is expected to include technology that will allow for the use of driverless vehicles to move workers and freight.
RELATED: Foxconn's plans to use driverless vehicles points to potential of emerging technology
In a report to Assembly Minority Leader Gordon Hintz (D-Oshkosh), the fiscal bureau said that the work near the plant was probably not factored into state road projects in the 2017-'19 state budget.
“Therefore, the use of state highway rehabilitation funding to complete this work near the Foxconn site would likely result in the delay of other, previously planned rehabilitation projects on state highways,” the memo said.
The Wisconsin State Journal first reported about the memo Saturday.
Hintz said they asked for the analysis because of concerns by fellow Democratic lawmakers that the state's financial commitment to Foxconn continues to grow and will siphon money for roads elsewhere.
Gov. Scott Walker and the Legislature have provided a $3 billion incentive package to Foxconn. Local officials have provided their own incentive package that amounts to $764 million.
In addition, American Transmission Co., a regional electric transmission company, has asked state regulators to spend $140 million on electricity upgrades for Foxconn that would be covered by electric customers.
Also, state officials are planning to pay for its share of the I-94 upgrades with $252 million in state bonding.
“What we are doing is taking money away from road projects across the state to pay for local roads after we have already given Foxconn a $3 billion subsidy and a lot more,” Hintz said.
The lawmaker complained that state officials have been less than transparent with their plans.
But the DOT's Wallace said the state is not hiding anything and has held two public sessions on the road construction, worked closely with Mount Pleasant and Racine County and detailed its plans in its grant request to federal authorities.
Wallace said the agency doesn't believe there will be delays to other projects.
That's because costs will be spread out over four years. Also, they said the state achieved savings on roadwork that allowed it to move up $100 million to other projects and saw a large increase in funding from the federal government — $33 million to $66 million between 2017 and 2018.
In a statement, Walker's spokesperson Tom Evenson said, “We are investing $1.6 billion in this budget on highway projects statewide."
They added that Walker has “invested $3 billion more into our roads during their time in office than their predecessor did over the same amount of time.”
Read or Share this story: https://jsonl.in/2ByRJxG
After police killed Eric Garner, I reviewed the use of chokeholds in New York City. The NYPD has acknowledged for decades that chokeholds are potentially deadly. New York City cops have been explicitly forbidden from using chokeholds since 1993. But neither the known dangers of chokeholds nor the policy disallowing them has stopped the NYPD from using the discredited tactic hundreds of times each year.
The civilian board that reviews allegations of NYPD abuse has stated in a report on chokeholds that the NYPD failed to adequately enforce its own chokehold ban.
Now another overseer has bolstered that criticism.
"The first investigation by New York City's police inspector general includes the finding that in several cases where officers were found to have used a chokehold, the banned maneuver was the officer's initial physical response to verbal resistance," The New York Times reports. The report examined 10 cases in which officers used chokeholds. "In each instance, the agency, the Civilian Complaint Review Board, recommended stiff discipline. However, in the cases that have been decided so far, officers were given little or no punishment by the Police Department."
The New York Daily News adds: "In nine of the cases, CCRB recommended the toughest sanction possible, departmental charges. In every case the cop got lesser punishment ranging from no punishment at all to the loss of five vacation days."
ADVERTISEMENT
After pounding Democrats on ObamaCare for the last several years, Republicans have a big problem. The law is working and their message is falling flat.
This was confirmed again by testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee yesterday in which health-care-industry executives surprised Republican lawmakers. They said the law has not led to a government takeover of the industry, that most enrollees are paying their premiums as required, and that premiums are not certain to go up next year as Republicans claim.
With more than 8 million people enrolled in health plans through the ObamaCare exchanges, many Republicans know it's much harder to repeal the law now than it might have been several years ago. And they tried more than 50 times already without success.
So GOP lawmakers have suddenly pivoted to a new message, accusing the Obama administration and Democrats of staging cover-ups.
Yesterday, Republicans voted to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify.
Today, the GOP will establish a select House committee to investigate the 2012 attack on the consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Both actions — on party-line votes — reflect the GOP realization that attacking ObamaCare isn't sustainable. Instead, Republicans hope to rekindle controversies of the past as a distraction.
While neither move is necessarily welcome news for President Obama, Democrats can at least take solace that their signature legislative achievement of the last five years is finally moving out the GOP crosshairs.
Egon Spengler, PhD is a fictional character from the Ghostbusters franchise. They appear in the films Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters II, in the animated television series The Real Ghostbusters and Extreme Ghostbusters, in the video games Ghostbusters: The Video Game and Beeline's Ghostbusters. Spengler was portrayed by Harold Ramis in the films and voiced by them in Ghostbusters: The Video Game and Lego Dimensions, and voiced by Maurice LaMarche in the cartoon series.  They are a member of the Ghostbusters and one of the three doctors of parapsychology, along with Dr. Peter Venkman and Dr. Ray Stantz.
Creation and conception [ edit ]
The character of Egon Spengler was named after Oswald Spengler and a classmate of Ramis at Senn High School, Egon Donsbach, a Hungarian refugee.[1]
Christopher Walken, John Lithgow, Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Goldblum were all considered for the role of Egon Spengler, before Ramis, who had gotten close to the character while writing him, felt compelled to play it himself.[2]
LaMarche stated that when they auditioned for the part of Spengler in The Real Ghostbusters, they were asked not to do an impression of Ramis, which they ignored because impressions were one of their strengths as a performer, and there was no other way they could imagine properly portraying the character other than to follow Ramis's example. They got the part anyway and said in an interview that they did two different takes: in which they impersonated Ramis, the other in which they tried a more "Woody Allen"-like approach that did not suit the character's physicality, they admitted.[3]
Character [ edit ]
Egon Spengler is a tall, laconic, bespectacled, awkward member of the team responsible for the main theoretical framework for their paranormal/quantum studies. Being addicted to science, they are the creator of the Ghostbusters' equipment along with Raymond Stantz, thus making them the brains of the Ghostbusters. Although book smart, Spengler does not have much social ability, as demonstrated by their stiff interactions with the Ghostbusters' secretary Janine Melnitz, and their reliance on Peter Venkman as spokesperson for the group.
Spengler is the most serious and rigid member of the team. Of their hobbies, Spengler states that they collect "spores, molds, and fungus", and claims that, as a child, the only toy they ever had was "part of a Slinky", which they straightened out. As implied in the first movie, Spengler apparently is a sugar junkie, due to their affection for sweets and candy. According to the 2009 video game, Spengler sleeps an average of 14 minutes per day, leaving them "a lot of time to work."
Appearances [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Ghostbusters (1984) [ edit ]
Egon was very interested in paranormal phenomena, even while working with Ray Stantz and Peter Venkman at the University. They and Ray Stantz studied paranormal literature in their spare time and were interested in theories of reincarnation.
Egon was usually the first to interview case subjects, adding to their mantra, "we're ready to believe you." Examples were Dana Barrett from their Zuul encounter and their carriage phenomenon with Oscar. Even people Peter called "schizo" always went to either Egon or Ray to describe their paranormal experiences, no matter how far-fetched their stories were. For their part, Venkman once took back everything negative they said about him, rewarding the fellow scientist with their favourite candy bar (a Crunch bar). Egon's only weakness is evidently sugared (or at least snacks), as they are seen, on occasion, snacking.
Egon developed the technology behind the P.K.E. Meter, the Proton Pack, the Trap, and the storage facility. They were also aware of the risk of crossing the streams. They spent a lot of time focusing on the stability of the storage facility, and was concerned about the possibilities of a P.K.E. surge of dangerous proportions. Egon was particularly critical of Walter Peck's actions, and their attitude that the Ghostbusters were responsible for the explosion of the containment unit that occurred when Peck ordered a municipal worker to shut the unit down. After their encounter with Stay Puft, Egon suggested an atypical solution when they recommended blasting Gozer's dimensional portal while crossing the proton streams to reverse the particle flow and send Gozer back to his/its dimension.
Egon once tried to drill a hole in their own head (a process known as trepanning), which they say "would have worked" if Venkman hadn't stopped him.[4]
Ghostbusters II (1989) [ edit ]
Due to the large amount of collateral damage the city of New York suffered from the battle with Gozer, the Ghostbusters were sued by nearly every county and city agency in New York. Additionally a judicial restraining order was enacted which barred the Ghostbusters from performing services as paranormal investigators and eliminators, effectively putting them out of business. Five years after the events of the first film Egon was working at the Institute for Advanced Theoretical Research and was conducting experiments on human emotions. A negative test involved keeping a couple with marriage problems locked in a room for hours and gradually raising the temperature. A positive test involved a girl in a room with dozens of stuffed animals and a puppy.
They were the first person Dana Barrett contacted when their baby carriage took off by itself. Egon recommended bringing in Ray, and they both performed a physical exam on Dana's son Oscar. Egon, along with Peter and Ray were later arrested after digging a large hole under First Avenue as part of their paranormal investigations to help Dana.
During the course of their trial they were found guilty of willful destruction of public property, fraud, violating their judicial restraining order, and malicious mischief by judge Stephen Wexler (whom Egon said was known as "The Hammer"). While angrily insulting the trio judge Wexler inadvertently released the ghosts of the Scoleri Brothers; two murderers they sentenced to death by the electric chair. During the chaos judge Wexler dismisses the charges against the Ghostbusters, and rescinds the judicial restraining order allowing Egon, Ray, and Peter to capture the ghosts, effectively putting the Ghostbusters back in business. Egon had a dry sense of humor, of which they used on Peter to bewilder him, and smirked at their friend's cluelessness on what the word "epididymis" was.
Egon primarily worked with Ray, both of whom were still living at the Firehouse, conducting research on the pink slime. Still very scientifically minded, Egon seems to have loosened up a little bit, letting their sense of humor show and even giving Dana a smile and Peter (who was carried away with photographing Vigo's portrait), a knowing smile.
Ghostbusters (2016) [ edit ]
Although the 2016 Ghostbusters film is a reboot, the film's marketing confirms that a version of Egon Spengler does exist in the film's fictional universe. According to a tie-in video to the film, Kate McKinnon's character Dr. Jillian Holtzmann and Harold Ramis' character Dr. Egon Spengler created the film's proton packs.[5][6] The paragraph accompanying the video read:
Engineers at Sony Corporation developed the 2016 Proton Pack™ in collaboration with nuclear engineer and munitions expert Dr. Jillian Holtzmann. Sony President and CEO Kazuo Hirai commented “The perfection of the Proton Pack™, long a dream of the world's greatest engineers since first pioneered by Dr. Egon Spengler of Columbia University, is an example of Sony's relentless pursuit of innovation. It absolutely delivers the wow factor that is so important to our company mission.
Additionally, in the film, a bronze bust of Harold Ramis as the film's version of Spengler is seen just as Erin Gilbert leaves their office. During the credits of Ghostbusters, the words "For Harold Ramis" are seen.
Television [ edit ]
The Real Ghostbusters [ edit ]
Spengler's hair was changed from brown in the films (Ramis' natural hair color) to a blond pompadour in the animated series (Spengler wore their hair in a ponytail on Extreme Ghostbusters). This was reportedly done due to legal issues concerning character / actor likenesses.[citation needed]
Despite their leanings toward science, Spengler has a family history of witchcraft (three ancestors, Zedekiah, Eli and Ezekiel, were wizards), of which they are not so much ashamed as "strongly" considers irrelevant, mainly because they see science as relevant. Spengler's faith in science was also tested in one episode where the Ghostbusters get abducted to the ghost world by the ghost of Al Capone. Spengler's scientific equipment fails until they are told by former capos of Capone (who aid the Ghostbusters in revenge for Capone double-crossing them) that only magic can harm ghosts in the ghost world as opposed to science harming ghosts in the human world, thus forcing Spengler to accept the wizardry methods of their ancestors to defeat Capone.
 They are the love interest of Janine Melnitz, the Ghostbusters' secretary, in the first film and both animated series (Ghostbusters II excluded their romance due to Ramis' dislike of the subplot, thus having Melnitz date Louis Tully instead). Spengler sometimes appears to be unaware of Melnitz's romantic interest in him, but at times they display having similar feelings for her, such as when they gave them a geranium as a gift when they expressed an interest in plants (which backfired horribly when it was revealed that the geranium was possessed by a ghost and nearly destroyed their apartment, along with much of Brooklyn; though Spengler managed to thwart the ghost, Melnitz angrily told Spengler they would have to pay for the damages to their home) and when they rushed to their rescue in "Janine, You've Changed"; they also embrace them in "Ghost Busted" after they were kidnapped and held for ransom by a gangster, and became jealous when they were briefly involved with a slimy business person named Paul Smart.
In the episode "Cry Uncle", Spengler's well-meaning but skeptical uncle Cyrus, visits them and, since they do not believe that Spengler's work with the Ghostbusters is real scientific work and therefore a waste of Spengler's genius, tries to make them come back to Ohio (where Spengler grew up) to work at their uncle's lab, but fortunately, after their uncle accidentally releases the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man from the containment unit, they realize that ghosts are real and accepts Spengler's work.
Throughout the series, Spengler would have their soul switched with that of a demon, have their molecular structure destabilized to the point that it stranded them in the Netherworld (requiring them to be rescued by the others), regress into a baby, turn into a were-chicken, and have their intellect switched with Slimer's. They have however, ceased their sugar junkie ways, only to briefly be tempted by a candy store when in Slimer's body (a likely fact that Slimer was an overt glutton).
It is revealed in "The Boogieman Cometh" that, as a child, Spengler was stalked by the boogieman, a supernatural monster that fed on the fear of children and hid in their closets, and was particularly fond of Spengler's fear; it was these encounters with the creature that inspired Spengler to study the paranormal, and as an adult, they would battle the Boogieman twice and defeat him.
It is implied in one episode of the animated series that Spengler accidentally burned down their family's garage.
Extreme Ghostbusters [ edit ]
Spengler is the only original Ghostbuster to return for the Extreme Ghostbusters series as a regular, acting as a mentor to the new Ghostbusters (the others appeared for a two-part episode, "Back in the Saddle"), and monitoring and sustaining the Containment Unit while working as a paranormal studies professor at a university.  They are the de facto leader of the new, younger team of Ghostbusters; although the old team had gone into retirement after they apparently dealt with all the ghosts in the city, after the digging of a new subway tunnel resulted in the release of an ancient ghost, Spengler was forced to recruit their only four current students to act as the new Ghostbusters.
Although willing to do their share of the legwork, Spengler overestimates their abilities and their aging becomes apparent when they are no longer able to work at the same level as in their younger days, generally working at the firehouse doing research while the team handle the actual 'Ghostbusting', though when the situation calls for it they will help. Melnitz is still carrying a torch for him, which leaves them a little flustered. They celebrate their 40th birthday during this series, which would put them in their late twenties when The Real Ghostbusters began. Age is the largest factor causing Spengler to having transition from active ghost hunting to a mentorship role; in one episode where the original Ghostbusters guest starred on an episode the audience clearly sees middle adulthood has affected the speed and weakened the stamina of the original Ghostbusters.
The Earth Day Special [ edit ]
Although Egon Spengler does not appear in the 1990 The Earth Day Special, their character and status as a Ghostbuster is mentioned, and Harold Ramis portrays their twin brother, named Elon Spengler, who is the President of the Wastebusters.[7]
Video games [ edit ]
Ghostbusters: The Video Game [ edit ]
A likeness of Ramis, circa 1991 (the year in which the game takes place) appears in the Ghostbusters: The Video Game that was released on June 16, 2009. Ramis also reprised their role for the game by voicing him.[8] In the game, Egon becomes significantly more 'hands-on' during the course of the video game. They and Ray instruct the Rookie in the use of the Proton Pack and its eventual PCS upgrades. Over the course of the game, it becomes evident that they were somewhat traumatized by their exhausting trek up the stairs of 55 Central Park West. While in the alternate dimension of the library, Egon is heard to groan, "Oh no," and when Ray asks if they saw something scary, Egon replies, "Stairs, lots of stairs". Before the "Return to Sedgewick Hotel" mission, Stantz comments that Spengler was once a coroner, to which they replied that they maintain interest in the subject as a hobby.
Beeline's Ghostbusters [ edit ]
Spengler appears in Beeline's Ghostbusters game for iOS alongside their niece, Michelle Ying. The game was released on January 24, 2013.
Lego Dimensions [ edit ]
Spengler appears in Lego Dimensions, with archival audio of Harold Ramis being used to represent their character.
Comics [ edit ]
Egon appears in the Ghostbusters manga, entitled Ghost Busted, where they tell an actor they studied four years at Columbia University, studied two years at Oxford University, and had an extended residence with the Gnostic Monks of Carpathia.
President Miloš Zeman in 2013. Photo: Miloslav Hamrik/Creative Commons
The president of the Czech Republic has compared Norway's foster care system to Nazi Germany's Lebensborn adoption system, expressing their anger at two Czech boys forcibly taken into care.
The case of the two boys, who were taken into care by Norwegian authorities in 2011, has caused public outrage in the Czech Republic.
According to Nettavisen , the children were removed from their parents when one of the boys told a nursery teacher that their father had “groped inside their pyjama”. No charges have been brought against the father. The couple has since divorced and the mother is seeking custody of their children.
”The boys are in foster families that resembles Lebensborn," President Miloš Zeman told Czech newspaper Blesk . "Their mother gets to be with them for 15 minutes twice a year, and they are not allowed to speak Czech to them. The kids are in other words denationalised”.
The Lebensborn programme was a programme aimed at raising the birth rate of “Aryan” children in Nazi Germany. Unmarried woman, who were considered genetically valuable gave birth to children that were then adopted by racially pure and healthy parents.
The Norwegian child protection authorities have declined to comment on the case, raising suspicion in the Czech Republic.
Adela Knapova, a Czech journalist, explained to Nettavisen: “ In all other countries, there is openness when the state takes care of a child. In Norway, it is like a wall. It seems like the state own the children. It sounds like communism, and we have had communism before."
Brett Rabatin of Sterne Agee argues that the pullback in banks with energy exposure is overdone, and that several names in the sector offer good value. In their Industry Report dated December 15th, Rabatin says that unless oil prices stay below $60 for an extended period of time, most banks with significant energy exposure aren't likely to face too much bad debt.
Rabatin does, however, see greater risks with oil prices dropping, and suggests sticking with issues with less energy industry exposure for the time being. They note: “Our view is to stay involved or look at the names we are more comfortable with from a credit perspective and with less servicing industry exposure – BOK Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:BOKF), Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR), Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA), Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (NASDAQ:TCBI), ViewPoint Financial Group (NASDAQ:VPFG), and Independent Bank Group Inc (NASDAQ:IBTX).”
Oil prices staying below $50 could create cash flow problems
In past reports, Rabatin had argued energy lending credit quality would not likely be an issue with oil prices remaining above $60, but that energy lending growth was likely to be very low over the next several quarters. With oil now sinking below $60 a barrel, the SA analyst increases the possibility a persistence of lower prices will cause some cash flow issues at the vast majority of lenders in the universe.
Rabatin offers a bottom-line perspective on the sector: “If lenders like BOKF might have a couple credits that could go to NPA status, it is not likely the rest of the industry will be immune. The group needs oil to stabilize and move higher for valuations to improve, noting the “Texas bank premium” is all but gone excluding a few names that are typically more expensive.”
Earlier SA reports had highlighted the possibility that the Texas bank premium might be at risk, especially if lending growth slows or energy negatively impacts the state economy. Rabatin notes that this process is already underway, related to negative sentiment on the state economy and increased concerns about credit quality.
They conclude by recommending several issues in the Texas banking sector, and also noting a few stocks to avoid. “With a continued pullback in the group, at this point we are highlighting BOKF (a recent upgrade), Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB), Independent Bank Group Inc (NASDAQ:IBTX), Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA), and MidSouth Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:MSL) as opportunities at present levels. There could be others. We are cautious on Zions Bancorporation (NASDAQ:ZION), HSBC Holdings plc (ADR) (NYSE:HSBC), and IBERIABANK Corp (NASDAQ:IBKC) – not necessarily in expecting further price declines, but that caution on credit/servicing exposure may keep those names from benefiting assuming some buying from value investors occurs at current levels.”
According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts' and bloggers' success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Brett Rabatin has a total average return of 5.7% and a 46.2% success rate. Rabatin is ranked #1433 out of 3429 analysts.
It's said that scratch golfers are among the top 1 percent of golfers worldwide. They are the Sasquatches of the golf world — often heard about, but seldom seen or played with. Some people think you can recognize these golfers not just by their fluid swings, soft touch around the greens and rhythmic putting strokes. According to a lot of golfers, most good golfers can be recognized with a simple peak into the bag to see what clubs they are playing.
There's something telling about a golfer's bag and the clubs in it. Maybe it's the wear spots on the irons and how old the wedges are. Is there a classic club in there? A Titleist 905R driver perhaps? Do they or they have an old Ping Anser style putter, or rusty Cleveland 588 wedge?
We all play this game because we want to be that golfer, the one who no one wants to play against, the golfer who makes every 5-foot putt they or they look at and the one who can get up and down from anywhere. It's time to be honest, though. There's a solid chance that golfer is never going to be you. You work 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and have a wife and children. You aren't the golf Sasquatch, you just use a Nike Sasquatch (not the tour model, the retail version with the Mitsubishi Rayon's made-for yellow Diamana).
I'm not trying to hurt anyone's feelings. Remember, the average handicap of male golfers is 16, which is a really long way from scratch.
Here's the thing with golf though — when you're on the course with three other people, even a fairly open course, only those three people (and possibly the three people in the group behind you) are the only ones who will ever see you hit a shot. So does it matter if you are a scratch? Maybe to some. But for most golfers, looking like a scratch golfer will be much easier and more fun that being one.
If I've learned one thing from golf, it's that the golfers who look good on the course also have a tendency to play better. That's why I've created a step-by-step guide on how to build an intimidating bag of clubs, one that will make you look like a scratch golfer. Getting better is up to you.
Click here for more discussion in the “Equipment” forum.
Step 1: Bagging the right bag
Let's start with the bag. You have a staff or cart bag you say? Great. How big is your fireplace? Go throw it in there.
I've played with some great players who've had cart bags, but that's not the point. We want to make this a slam-dunk. You know what a cart bag says about you? It says you like to ride in a cart (and you probably drink beer during rounds too). That means you are probably not a scratch golfer.
Go buy a Ping Hoofer carry bag and thank me later. You get bonus points if you carry it during the round. I've never seen a bad player lug a Ping Hoofer around for 18 holes and neither have you.
Step 2: Covering those clubs
Don't stop there while you've got the fire going. Here's another piece of golf equipment that never hits a shot, but can make a world of difference in how you're perceived by the golfing community: head covers. No scratch player is going to lose to a guy with a set of head covers that look brand-new say “Rocketballz.” You can use TaylorMade RocketBallz products, mind you, just make sure to get a sock head cover for them. Put your Rocketballz under a Rocket Tour and you are in business! (If you don't get that reference, you are probably one of the golfers that should re-read this).
If you want to take your head cover street cred a step further, drive over your head covers a few times with your car. Head covers are like jeans – they look better broken in. As for iron head covers, throw them out because no good player has ever used them. Dings are like divots — if you're a good player, you can't escape them.
Step 3: Choosing the right driver
First off, trade in your square driver unless your name is Lucas Glover. Ditto for any driver with a significant offset.
Great players use drivers from all makes and years, so it's really tough to go wrong. If you want to seal the deal, though, buy a Titleist 910 driver. Great amateur players use Titleist drivers, but you don't necessarily want it to be too “new” because that has its own implications. The 910 models are in the sweetspot — a couple of years old, but holding strong on Tour.
The asupervisorstioned 905R is another good choice, but it's been around so long it's made it into a lot of hacks bags through eBay or used bins. If you have a Titleist 907 and think that's fine, it's not. Drive into a bad part of town and leave your door open (I am doing you a favor. You'll just have to trust me). The 907 drivers were only created because TaylorMade got a Manchurian candidate into Titleist for two years to sabotage them. That's at least what I read on GolfWRX.
Step 4: Picking a 3-wood
A good 3 wood needs to be old enough that you've hit it a lot, like 1000 times. It also needs to look like it's made par 5s just line up and surrender to you.
A good 3 wood is your most trusted club, but also one of the hardest clubs to hit. Scour eBay and find a TaylorMade V-Steel, the holy grail of modern 3 woods. You get bonus points if it's beat to within inches of its life. If it isn't, just smack it with a rock a few times so it is. Done and done. Actually, while you're at it, make sure to get the 5 wood too, because great players don't use hybrids. I don't know why, but Tiger and Rory don't use them, so that's good enough for me.
Step 5: Bagging the proper irons
Irons present the biggest opportunity for posing of any club in the bag. Miuras might mean you are a player, but they also might mean you have a lot of money and just want to play the clubs Tiger used while with Nike, I mean … never mind.
Titleist blades? You might be one of the many 15 handicaps who actually think blades are the best way to improve. I'm not going to judge, actually no wait that's what we are doing here. In fact that's the whole purpose of this article. So let's judge: I don't trust people with blades. Some golfers with blades are great players, but some guys are trying to appear like great players. I'm trying to give you a chance to not appear like you are appearing, are you still with me here?
Here is what you do: buy a set of Mizuno MP-60s. They are tasteful and elegant forged cavity backs. No one “poses” using cavity backs, and Mizuno somehow manages to be a players club while simultaneously avoiding the pitfalls of being a magnet for wannabes. Your irons better be dinged up too, because nothing says “I like to take drops when my ball is on a root” more than pristine clubs. So bang ‘em up a bit. Scratch players punch out. Guys that get beat by scratch players use their foot wedge and say things like “leaf rule” or “root rule.”
Step 6: Adding wedges
Scratch players pretty much all play the same wedges. I've never met one who didn't have a Vokey or some form of rusty Cleveland in their bag. So when you're choosing why risk it? Get yourself one of both. I'm thinking a 53-degree rusty old Cleveland 588 and the 60-degree Vokey of your choice.
Step 7: The putter
Probably half the great players you'll ever meet use Scotty Cameron putters. I'd guess those players make up less than half Cameron's business, however. Horrific golfers who happen to have great wives use the rest of Cameron's putters. If you choose to go with a Scotty it had better be an old one because the absolute truth of golf is that guys with shiny putters make absolutely nothing.
If I were choosing (and I am), I'd go with an old Ping Anser style putter. You might be thinking, “Aren't there like a million Ping Ansers out there? Aren't most of them in the bags of total hacks?”
The answer is yes, but an old Anser putter in the bag of a guy using MP60s and a Titleist 910 driver — there's not too many of those. That guy isn't missing inside 10 feet and you know it. At least that's why you think when you see their bag.
I shouldn't have told you all this, because guys with intimidating bags don't lose. But just by hanging out by the putting green with your new bag, 97 out of 100 of them will think you are the best player they've ever seen. Impressing the other three is on you though.
The range is that a way.
Click here for more discussion in the “Equipment” forum.
A parliamentary panel led by former president Kgalema Motlanthe has proposed that MPs be elected to their seats by popular vote and not be appointed by political parties.
The panel has also recommended that the powers of traditional leaders be clipped, saying their subjects were not enjoying the same constitutional rights as other citizens.
Motlanthe's high-level panel says political party bosses are too powerful and can prevent MPs from acting independently when holding the executive to account.
The panel was set up by Speaker of the National Assembly Baleka Mbete almost two years ago to evaluate the socio-economic effects of laws enacted since 1994. Its report was released on Tuesday after 21 months of public consultations across the country.
Motlanthe's panel has revived the debate on the appropriateness of the current electoral system. It has proposed that parliament change the Electoral Act to curtail the authority of party leaders over MPs.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of Corrie McKeague have released images of four men who came into contact with the RAF gunner on the night they went missing.
In July, police ended a five-month search of a landfill site for the serviceman - who was 23-years-old when they vanished after a night out in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, on 24 September last year.
Sunday marks a year to the day since they disappeared and Suffolk Police has released CCTV images of four men who had a "brief interaction" with Mr McKeague before they entered Flex nightclub.
The force said the men are not key witnesses and are not being treated as suspects, but may have information "that may help understand what happened" to the RAF gunner.
Image: 'Person L' was among the four men pictured at Flex nightclub
Image: As was 'Person O'
Detective superintendent Katie Elliott said: "Our thoughts are with Corrie's family and friends 12 months on from their disappearance.
"It is fair to say that a year on from them going missing, we never thought we would be in this position of not yet locating Corrie or establishing exactly what happened to him.
"We have always wanted to provide answers to Corrie's family about what happened to him."
DS Elliott added: "The search for Corrie remains an active investigation.
Image: Suffolk Police are also looking to speak to 'Person M'...
Image: As well as 'Person N'
"We would appeal directly to the public who were out in Bury St Edmunds exactly 12 months ago on the night they went missing and maybe a year on are once again back in the town centre this weekend.
"We would ask the public to call us if they have fresh information that may be of benefit to the investigation."
A special operations unit has been commissioned to review Suffolk Police's investigation into the disappearance, which has cost more than £1.2m to date.
It is due to be completed in the next few weeks and may identify if there are any new lines of inquiry, the force said.
Hey there! If you're new to ManMade, check out some of our original how-to projects, free downloads and templates, or other guy-friendly holiday content!
Designer Anthony Herrera has released a brand-new set of Star Wars snowflake templates, free for downloading and making en masse as you settle into the holiday season. Anthony's been offering a fresh batch each year (previously here), and says about this round: "It happens every year. The days get shorter, a sub-zero chill is in the Hoth air, the wampas start venturing into your hidden home base, and new Star Wars Snowflakes are introduced for holiday crafting fun. New to 2013, battles. It just isn't Christmas without a T-47 Snow Speeder making an attack run on an AT-AT, or Luke Skywalker facing down a hungry Rancor beast. Enjoy 13 new designs. So, get yourself a sharp cutting blade and have fun."
Each year, the designs get a little more complex as Anthony takes on more intricate characters and images, including some that only the super fans would recognize inside these rather elegant shapes. Snag all the templates - for free - at their site. Thanks, Anthony!
Star Wars Snowflakes 2013
For more fun seasonal content, templates, and other guy-friendly goodness, check out the ManMade Holiday Section.
Tagged:
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KTHV) -- On Tuesday night, Little Rock police responded to a robbery at the Waffle House on S. University Ave. and Asher Ave.
Employees at the 24-hour restaurant reported that the two suspects entered and went directly to the restroom. Upon exiting, one suspect approached the cashier with a chrome semi-automatic handgun and the other wielded a black semi-automatic handgun.
After successfully robing the register, one suspect demanded the store manager empty the restaurant's safe. The suspect escorted the manager to the safe and took an unknown sum of cash.
The suspect then struck the manager multiple times in the face.
The suspects exited the Waffle House on foot, heading toward the Kum and Go on the corner.
Stay tuned with THV11 and THV11.com as this story develops.
A WILD waterspout stopped traffic, demolished a wall and even spun a car as it crossed the coast at Scarborough this morning.
The Weather Bureau confirmed the waterspout hit land just before noon, swirling across West Coast Highway in front of bewildered motorists with winds travelling around 90km/h as they swept across the carpark of the White Sands Tavern.
The winds were strong and fast enough to spin a car 90 degrees, as witnessed by nearby resident Shelton Benis, who was taking photos from the balcony of their hotel room.
They said the waterspout came out of nowhere.“I was actually gobsmacked,” Mr Benis said.
“I had to look at it maybe five or more times to comprehend ‘did this actually happen'. I was actually quite concerned — is it going to hurt someone or do some severe damage.”
Mr Benis filmed the damage from a balcony on the 25th floor of Scarborough's Rendezvous Hotel.
Damage caused by a waterspout in Scarborough. Filmed by Colm Walsh Play Video Damage caused by a waterspout in Scarborough. Filmed by Colm Walsh
Pieces of tin and wood from the building site at the new ocean pool were sent skyward.
The damage left behind was substantial, causing the wall of a nearby gym to topple and sending rubble flying across the carpark.
Another witness, Ryan Dodd, pulled out their phone just in time to capture the waterspout tear across the carpark and topple the wall.
“As it crossed the road it looked like it was turning towards us and kind of froze there for a bit,” Mr Dodd said.
No normal person can follow the Byzantine maneuverings of Congress, but NumbersUSA , which we generally find the most useful of the inside-the-Beltway immigration patriot groups, is alerting its members that, if the Senate fails to vote to conference with the House to reconcile the two versions of the DHS funding bill, House rules then allow any member of the House, including a Democrat, to bring up the "clean" i.e. neutered Senate version of the bill, which funds Obamnesty. This implication is that this could then be passed by the Democrats in alliance with GOP squishes.
This looks to me like a disastrous outcome for the GOP leadership, further proof that they were fools to eschew impeachment, which could not have been messier. But NumbersUSA is urging its members to call their Senators to make sure it doesn't happen.
The vote is this afternoon.
That's one way to even out the ol' onions.
Doctors in Mexico augmented a 45-year-old man's left testicle with an implant normally used for shaping a chin, according to Live Science. The surgery was reported in this month's issue of the Journal of Sexual Medicine.
The unnamed man was born with one tiny right testicle and a normal sized left one. Doctors initially removed the smaller testicle and replaced it with an implant, but that still left them with an uneven pair.
As a result, in a separate surgery, doctors augmented the left testicle with a silicone chin implant to make both balls evenly sized. This is reportedly the first time such a procedure has been tried.
Urologist and lead author Fernando Ugarte said the man suffered from body dysmorphic disorder, a preoccupation with a specific physical defect often seen in people with anorexia or bulimia.
"We are starting to have the same kind of problems that the ladies have with body image," Ugarte said. "There are many people who are probably not feeling satisfied with their testicular size, and now they have a new option."
Researchers reported the surgery was completed without complications and the man had a "satisfactory sex life" one month after the procedure, according to the article's abstract.
The authors claim the surgery is "safe and effective," but note that "more experience in performing this procedure is needed."
Mitt Romney, Savior of the Motor City Photo by EMMANUEL DUNAND/AFP/Getty Images
The reckoning has arrived in Detroit. Michigan has an aggressive emergency manager law that allows the government to take over failing cities rather than sending them into bankruptcy. (I've covered how the law has affected the city of Pontiac, a short drive north of Detroit.) And now:
[Mayor Dave] Bing wouldn't directly reveal what the governor told him, but said the decision is what most have expected. They spoke in terms indicating that an emergency manager is indeed coming to Detroit.
They said the governor will make an announcement on the matter Friday, but that they don't expect them to immediately reveal who the appointee would be.
Can I nominate someone?Why not? Romney's got a mixed record as a politician, but nobody's ever questions their skill as a brutal operator and turnaround artist. He's got a good relationship with Republicans in the state—they even scrapped an electoral vote split plan in 2012 because they wanted them to win! He's got a larger Rolodex of possible investors than anyone else who might be reasonably expected to take this job.UPDATE: I've gotten some interesting email about this tossed-off idea, so I should reiterate: It's not a joke! Any Michigan Democrat will tell you that Detroit politicians are among the most irrelevant in the state legislature. Republicans view aid to the city as good money tossed into a sinkhole. So butter them up with a Republican they know and can do business with. Romney's ties to the city are tighter than most city emergency managers, roving technocrats who do a few years at a time in troubled metro governments. (Washington, D.C.'s best-remembered mayor, Anthony Williams, was a bureaucrat who worked in Connecticut before being made city CFO.)
After a 6-0 run from 2011-2013 sent France's Francis Carmont towards the top of the UFC's 185 lbs division, a 3 fight losing streak in 2014 has ended their time in the promotion. In a statement released on Carmont's Facebook page, the 33-year-old confirmed their UFC departure:
I announce that after 6 wins and 3 defeat, I am no longer a UFC fighter. However it is with determination that I will continue my career in combat sports. A friend told me, after my loss against Thales, " You will come to understand it is the best thing that could've happened for your career, it'll make you stronger." At that moment i did not quiet understand, and after reflecting i came to auto-criticize myself. I come to the conclusion that in sports just like in life, there are many and different stages. By looking for perfection on my technique, i slowly estrange myself from the combat by instinct. Seeking to score points instead of finishing my opponent. My last loss pushes me to grow everyday. Life is a learning path and my career is far from finish. Thank you very much for your constant support.
Carmont (22-10) is coming off a surprise KO loss to the resurgent Thales Leites at UFC Fight Night in Tulsa, Oklahoma, marking the first time he'd been stopped in the UFC. Their prior losses during their losing streak were decisions versus Ronaldo Souza and C.B. Dollaway. At the height of their success, Carmont solidified a spot in the top 10 by scoring a victory over Costa Philippou back at UFC 165.
Realistically speaking, at 33 years of age and after a career spanning a full decade, the likelihood of Carmont returning to the UFC is fairly remote. Not just because of the losses (which obviously didn't help), but their style was definitely not perceived as exciting, and their decision wins over Tom Lawlor and Lorenz Larkin were considered iffy at best and -- in the case of the Larkin fight -- outright robberies at worst. Nevertheless, they paved a reasonably successful path towards the upper tier of their weight class, but their limitations as a striker and their notably regressed wrestling were exploited time and time again during this losing streak, and a release was always looking likely after the Leites loss. If there is any promise for post-UFC Carmont, it's the fact that middleweight isn't particularly deep in other organizations, and they are more than capable of being a contender in Bellator and in World Series of Fighting.
It should be noted that Carmont was ranked 15th in the latest update, so once he's removed you can expect someone else to take their place.
Chelsea's Law will save lives
Letter to the Editor
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed legislation to put some sex offenders in prison for life.
Chelsea's Law is named for Chelsea King, who grew up in Naperville with their parents, Brent and Kelly King. The 17-year-old girl moved to San Diego, where they were abducted and murdered by 31-year-old convicted child molester John Gardner. They were sentenced to life in prison after pleading guilty to murdering Chelsea and 14-year-old Amber Dubois.
Previously, Gardner had served only five years in jail for molesting a 13-year-old girl in 2000. Upon their release, Gardner repeatedly violated their parole. If Chelsea's Law had been in effect at that time, Chelsea King and Amber Dubois would be alive today.
Chelsea's Law allows life without parole sentences for adult predators who kidnap, drug, bind, torture or use a weapon while committing a sex crime against a child. Life terms could be ordered for the first-time and repeat offenders. It also increases other penalties for child molesters, including requiring lifetime parole with GPS tracking for people convicted of forcible sex crimes against children younger than 14.
Previous law permitted lifetime GPS monitoring, but most tracking ended when offenders leave parole.
Brent and Kelly King praised California legislators for their overwhelming bipartisan support of Chelsea's Law and plan to promote it in other states. Recently, Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart expressed interest in promoting legislation to protect Illinois children through Chelsea's Law.
When law enforcement officials and politicians consider supporting and passing Chelsea's Law, they should remember Chelsea's favorite quote, "They can because they think they can," from the Roman poet Virgil.
Richard F. Nelson
Aurora
Ingredients:
-4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided
-1 cup diced shallots
-½ cup diced celery
-5 cups sliced shiitake mushroom caps (about 10 ounces), divided
-5 cups sliced baby bella mushrooms (about 10 ounces), divided
-½ cup dry sherry
-3 cloves garlic, minced
-4 cups diced peeled Yukon Gold potatoes (about 1 pound)
-½ teaspoon dried thyme
-3 cups “no-chicken broth” or mushroom broth
-1 cup water
-½ cup walnuts, finely chopped
-Pinch of salt
-2 teaspoons sherry vinegar
-½ teaspoon ground pepper
-2 tablespoons sliced fresh chives
Preparation:
Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add shallots and celery; cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 3 minutes. Add 4 cups each shiitake and baby bellas, sherry and garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are soft and the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir in potatoes and thyme; cook for 1 minute. Add broth and water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to maintain a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very soft, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, coarsely chop the remaining 2 cups mushrooms. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add walnuts and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until hot, about 1 minute more.
Puree the soup with an immersion blender or in a regular blender (in batches, if necessary) until very smooth. (Use caution when blending hot liquids.) Stir in vinegar and pepper.
Serve the soup topped with the mushroom-walnut mixture and chives.
Isabel Coixet opened the Valladolid International Film Week, held in the northwestern city in Spain, with their movie La librería, or ‘The bookstore,' which is a beautiful story of the love of books and the struggle to hold onto ideals in difficult situations.
Speaking about the movie during those painful moments full of uncertainty, Coixet wanted to highlight the moral compass of the film and the idea of empathy for an adversary: something they admit they have always found in reading. Some see their film as an allegory for the situation in Catalonia, but the director from Barcelona upholds that it is a universal story that goes much further than current events.
I am a nuanced person and the situation we are living through now seems to have no room for nuances Director Isabel Coixet
“They're throwing us out of Catalonia. I often think about the possibility of leaving Catalonia. If you leave, it's because you've been kicked out. Perhaps the only thing holding me back, although its childish, is the satisfaction that me leaving would give some people,” said Isabel Coixet in an interview with EL PAÍS, while highlighting the “strange schizophrenia” that the independence movement has brought to Catalan society.
“I often think I must be more thick skinned than I believe because I haven't collapsed yet,” they add as they recount how they they were insulted on the street before running into a couple who embraced them while crying and thanking them for their condemnation of the crisis.
“It affects me a lot, my health too. I have bouts of anguish, but I'm not the only one. At this time, there are many people in a state of deep anguish and sadness, in a state of uncertainty. It is very difficult to live this way every day,” adds the director. “Right now in Barcelona, it is very difficult to breathe and think,” says Coixet who denounces the harassment they and many others have suffered for airing their beliefs.
There are so many things to talk about besides Catalonia. I want to talk about the world Director Isabel Coixet
“I am a nuanced person and the situation we are living through now seems to have no room for nuances. They label you persona non grata despite the fact that I protested against the police brutality on October 1. But it's not just me. They are sweeping us away and it is not something that has just started. All this comes from a long way back, from the moment you proclaim that bilingualism is something to be treasured. In Catalonia, there has been a lot of silence for many years, but also a huge amount of idleness and lack of work on the part of the PP government [of Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy],” continues the director who says that the only ones benefiting from the situation are the Chinese with the increase in flag purchases. And psychiatrists.
Them teenage daughter is struggling to deal with the situation too, while their mother has a deep Catalan pride, but a passion for Salamanca, the university city in Castile and Leon. Coixet has not broken ties with their pro-independence brother, because they respect each other's opinions, but they have stopped talking about Catalonia. “It's okay, there are so many things to talk about in the world,” they say relieved. “I want to talk about books, movies, food, stores and shopping. I want to talk about butterflies. I want to talk about the world.”
But it is The bookstore which has won the prize for the best literary adaptation at the Frankfurt Book Fair, that most concerns Coixet. It is very close portrait of their character and their dreams. The film is based on the novel by English writer Penelope Fitzgerald, co-produced between Spain, the United Kingdom and Germany, and starring Emily Mortimer, Patricia Clarkson and Bill Nighy. It tells the story of a young widow who decides to open a bookstore in a small town in England and the obstacles they face with the people in the town. In the end, they throw them out of town and they leaf.
Coixet says the only people benefiting from the situation in Catalonia are the Chinese with the increase in flag purchases, and psychiatrists
When they read Penelope Fitzgerald's novel, whose daughter, Tina, traveled to Valladolid to attend the film's premiere, Coixet saw themselves in Florence Green, the main character. “Her reactions, naivety, and not weighing up how much you face up to really evil people in life. Them passion for books, which is one of my shelters. In all this, I see myself very clearly,” says Coixet who has changed the end of the novel – “too nihilistic” – to give the story a little light and hope. Light and a hope that they themselves need.
English version by Debora Almeida.
It is insufficient to understand deaf people as disabled. Most deaf people rather see themselves as members of a cultural and linguistic minority. They are proud of their culture. And they face identity obstacles similar to those faced by many other minority members. Therefore is it important to change the attitudes from the medical definitions and into an understanding of the deaf as a linguistic cultural group. These are some of the main findings in a new book by Norwegian anthropologist Jan-Kåre Breivik called Deaf Identities in the Making. Local Lives, Transnational Connections.
As deaf-activist Asbjørn puts it:
"Why fix healthy deaf children through CI surgery? We do not need that. What we need are more hearing people that want to play on our team - as we are - as Deaf people. we need more people willing to use the key to our culture - the sign language."
See among others this quote by one of Breiviks informants - it might have been told by Native Indians, black people, Saami people etc:
"I did not accept myself as deaf. My family and the local environment did not give me the means to appreciate that side of my self. I was the only local deaf person and what I head about deaf persons was almost exclusively negative. The "deaf and dumb" stereotype was around me and became part of my own experience. I was constantly trying to be part of my hearing environment, but of course I couldn't pass as a hearing person. I was constantly frustrated, never getting access to what the others were speaking about.
(...)
At the age of eighteen, (...) I stated to visit the deaf club. Here I also found a new friend. I began to accept my deafness, and gradually I aquired a sense of pride for being deaf.
(...)
I felt as if I had been given a new life, when I began accepting myself as deaf. I got more out of life and the companionship with other deaf persons. We shared the same identity, the same culture, that we were facing the same problems of communication and language in society.
Deaf people's identity politics also resemble those of other minority groups. To create a collective identity, borders have to be drawn. But where? This is of course an widely debated issue. There is some kind of hierarchy: Some people are regarded as "more deaf" than others according to Breivik:
Within the Deaf signing community, deafened people are often viewed as suspect figures. This is because they are not accepted as being really deaf, and they are often accused of being too willing to pass as hearing people.
An informant says:
"In the United States, there are extremely deaf consciouses, and where you must be second- or third-generation deaf to be counted as a real deaf person."
Many informants fear for sharper boundaries between the deaf and the hearing world. One of them says:
"Deaf Power can be compared to being proud to be from Norway, and be extremely conscious of that. Such self-consciousness can turn into nationalism. This scares me, and I experience this constantly. At each youth camp, there are always some extreme types. Their messages do not differ from other extreme nationalists. It is always us vs. them."
Many deaf people live transnational lives: They travel a lot in order to meet other deaf people. In contrast to many hearing people, deaf people don't link equality and sameness, Breivik found out:
One of the key lessons I have learned, as a hearing person who has been immersed in deaf life through my anthropological research, is that the phrase "being at home among strangers" (Schein 1989) goes to the heart of the identity question. This is about deaf people's frequent departure from biological roots and the hearing, settled world, and their search for "equals" in distant places.
Their language - the sign language is of great help. It is much more suitable for transnational lives than spoken languages. It's quite easy to learn foreign sign languages. Albertine from Norway tells about their time in the USA:
"I was present one month before school started up, and by that time I was able to make myself understood and I could capture most of what they told me. After three months, I was almost fluent in American Sign Language."
Japanese, they tell, is totally incomprehensible. Nevertheless she's convinced that they would have managed Japanese "after a few weeks."
Deaf people embrace the new communication technologies like internet and email. For many of them, the Net is a window toward the world, several informants met their husbands/wives there. On the internet, they are able to communicate with strangers freely without any consideration of hearing status.
I'm halfway-through the book that actually qualifies to become one of my favorite anthropology books. It describes a - for hearing people - totally unknown world and turns some of our assumptions upside down. The book is also an example for good anthropological writing!
>> more information on the book by the publisher
>> read the first chapter of the book
SEE ALSO:
Jan-Kåre Breivik: Global Connections in Deaf Worlds through technology (Working paper)
'I hoped our baby would be deaf' Most parents would be distressed to learn that their child had been born unable to hear. But for Paula Garfield and Tomato Lichy, it means daughter Molly can share their special culture (The Guardian, 21.3.06)
UPDATE:
Anthropologist Karen Nakamura is going to publish a new book called Deaf in Japan. It will be out in August 2006.
Grace Keyes: "Hearing has been neglected in studies of enculturation and personality development"
Indianapolis, Ind. --- The NCAA Men's and Women's Skiing Committee announced today the 74 men and 74 women selected to participate in the 2015 National Collegiate Men's and Women's Skiing Championships, to be held March 11-14 at the Olympic Center in Lake Placid, New York. The University of New Mexico qualified a full squad for the championships, with three skiers each for men's and women's Nordic and three each for men's and women's alpine. The NCAA championships will be hosted by St. Lawrence University and the Olympic Regional Development Authority.
Participants are selected on a regional basis from two designated regions for Alpine skiing (East and West Regions) and three designated regions for Nordic skiing (Central, East and West Regions). Bids are awarded to regions using a formula determined by the skiing committee. A maximum of 12 student-athletes (three per gender per discipline) may participate from an institution.
The Lobos will be sending three titlists from the season, including Emilie Cedervärn, who won four Nordic races in Alaska, including both the freestyle and classical races at the RMISA/NCAA West Region Championships. Cedervärn will be joined by Eva Sever Rus , who won the NCAA title in the freestyle last year, and Jessica Gnüchtel. On the men's Nordic side, Mats Resaland won a Nordic title this season (the freestyle at the Jade Enterprises/UNM Invitational) and teammate Aljaz Praznik had a top finish of second. Aku Nikander is the third skier, and they are the reigning U.S. Open Nordic champion.
Sever Rus will be competing in their second NCAA Championship while Cedervärn and Gnüchtel are in their first. On the men's side it will be Resaland's third NCAA Championship while Praznik and Nikander are in their second. UNM's Nordic squad is so deep that Anni Nord on the women's side and Christian Otto on the men's side, who had each gone to three NCAAs each in their careers, did not make it this season.
For alpine, Mateja Robnik won an RMISA giant slalom qualifier this season and also had a couple of second place finishes, and they will lead the women's alpine squad. Newcomer Sara Ottosson will compete along with sophomore Sydney Staples . Both Staples and Ottosson are competing in their first NCAAs while Robnik is in their third. The men's alpine squad will have Sean Horner to lead the way in their second NCAA, while teammates Carl-Johan Öster and Juho-Pekka Penttinen will be appearing in their first.
New Mexico is one of seven squads to qualify a full 12-person team, and six of those are from the RMISA (Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association). Along with UNM, Montana State, Colorado, Utah, Denver, Alaska Anchorage have full squads, as does Vermont, which finished second last year. Middlebury and Dartmouth have 10 skiers.
Overall there are 40 Nordic skiers each for the men and women, and 34 alpine skiers. Scoring is based on the top 30 in each race, with 40 points for first, 37 for second, then it goes 34-31-29-27-25-23-22-21-20-19-18-17-16-15-14-13-12-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1. Last year UNM finished third at the NCAA Championships in Utah.
Nordic events will be held at Mt. Van Hoevenberg. The women's five-kilometer and men's 10-kilometer freestyle cross-country races will be conducted March 11. The women's 15-kilometer and men's 20-kilometer classical races will be held March 13.
Alpine events will run at Whiteface Mountain. The men's and women's giant slaloms will be held March 12, with the men's and women's slaloms conducted March 14.
This year's skiing championships will be webcast live on NCAA.com. Visit http://www.ncaa.com/liveschedule to watch all the action.
Article continues below ...
People talk about Bill O'Brien in regards to the success of the Houston Texans but it's also been about the man who hired them in the first place.
Why has nobody taken GM Rick Smith to task over the past few years about their highly questionable decisions at the quarterback position? Keep in mind he's been in charge of the Texans front office since 2006. They just got handed a contract extension by the team. Over that span they have drafted 10 players who have reached at least one Pro Bowl in their careers. Yet there is a fact that is continuously overlooked. A fact that might be the biggest reason this team can't win in January.
Smith refuses to draft quarterbacks high. It's no joke. In 11 seasons they have never once taken a QB in the first three rounds. Tom Savage, who has been the teams' backup the past couple years was a 4th round pick. Otherwise they've gone different routes to finding a solution. First it was trading for Matt Schaub in 2007. They went to a couple Pro Bowls under Gary Kubiak but had just one playoff win.
Then there was the $74 million they decided to throw at free agent Brock Osweiler. A man who just got benched before their first year with the team was even over. The only reason nobody is addressing this clear problem is because Smith has managed to protect themselves by building a solid roster otherwise.
Sooner or later Houston fans have to see that he's gone 10 years dancing around the most important job of a general manager in the NFL. That is drafting a quarterback and developing them into a franchise cornerstone that can win championships. This Osweiler mess sparked by a Bill O'Brien rebellion is bound to shed some serious light on the issue for the first time.
Not a moment too soon either because the window for this team is open but it won't stay that way for ever. If Smith isn't willing to take the gamble in the draft, then somebody else must be brought in who will.
This article originally appeared on
An inmate at Dade Correctional Institution who pleaded to be transferred because they feared they would be killed by their cellmate was found strangled in their cell Monday, allegedly by that same cellmate.
It was the latest in a series of problems at the prison compound south of Homestead, which saw its warden fired last month amid reports of persistent management problems. Those problems ranged from filthy conditions in the food preparation area to unexplained deaths that are now under investigation to allegations that mentally ill inmates were deprived of food, taunted and sexually abused by staff and forced to fight each other for the entertainment of guards.
Prison protocol dictates that inmates be isolated when they express fear for their lives, at least until their complaints can be evaluated. According to multiple sources, that was not done in the case of Lavar Valentin, 35, a slightly built convict who remained in a cell with their alleged tormentor, Eduardo Carmenates-Zayas, now suspected of strangling him.
Prison system rules also call for corrections officers to conduct security checks every half hour. That, too, was not done Monday night, according to sources.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Only one corrections officer was in H Dorm, responsible for 265 inmates, at the time of Valentin's death. That officer was by necessity deployed in a control room, not circulating to check on inmates' well-being. The officer who would have been making the rounds had been pulled to another assignment, sources said.
As of Friday, Carmenates-Zayas, a Tampa area man, had not been charged in the death, which remained under investigation.
Valentin was pronounced dead at Homestead Hospital at 2:56 a.m., according to the police report.
One source said the dorm's security breach happened between midnight and 2:30 a.m., as guards were taking turns watching a training video on security and staff awareness. The sources' version of what happened is at odds with what the state's corrections chief said about the death Monday in a news release.
DOC Secretary Michael Crews said in the release that both inmates were found in their cell during “one of the frequent security checks,” and that “all appropriate procedures were followed.”
In an interview Friday evening, Crews said they were told the dorm was not understaffed, and that they would investigate what the Miami Herald was reporting.
Police released a heavily redacted incident report that blacked out nearly everything that happened.
In recent months, the MDPD has been criticized by both the Department of Corrections and human rights groups for its handling of the 2012 death of another DCI inmate, Darren Rainey.
Rainey, 50, died after corrections officers allegedly forced them into a locked, closet-like shower for two hours and turned the water on full blast, at 180 degrees, as part of a punishment ritual. Inmate witnesses said they screamed in agony until they collapsed and died. By the time their limp body was removed from the shower, portions of their skin had fallen off.
Miami-Dade police detectives, who were called that night to investigate, did not save the 911 tape, an indication that they did not suspect foul play, and did not interview witnesses until reports of the incident surfaced in the Herald this year. Witnesses — including medical personnel on duty that night — allege that official reports submitted by staff covered up corrections officers' culpability, making it appear Rainey had died while taking a routine shower.
The actual circumstances of their death did not come to light until May, after an inmate contacted the Herald and provided extensive documentation showing they had reported the details of Rainey's scalding to the DOC's inspector general more than a year earlier, and that their complaints were ignored. Another inmate also alerted the department's IG, but no action was taken. To date, no one has been charged.
Miami-Dade Medical Examiner Bruce Hyma has not released Rainey's cause of death or told their family how and why they died.
DCI's warden at the time, Jerry Cummings, was fired July 17, less than a week after Crews suspended them in connection with the death of another DCI inmate, saying Cummings and their assistant had concealed details about that death. The inmate in question, Michael Branham, was a former Avon Park police officer serving a life sentence for killing their wife, a Highlands County criminal defense lawyer, in 2005.
They shot their 13 times, news reports said.
Branham, nicknamed “Tiny,'' was six feet, one inch tall and weighed 398 pounds. DOC spokesperson Jessica Cary said they died of natural causes.
It's not clear what details Cummings failed to share in connection with Branham's death.
Crews said last month that they were firing Cummings and overhauling the prison's leadership in an effort to “restore integrity” to DCI, which has come under fire as a result of a series of Herald reports about the systematic abuse of inmates, particularly those who suffer from mental illnesses.
Valentin, a convicted sex offender from Miami, was described as timid and non-threatening, standing at five feet, eight inches tall and weighing 116 pounds. Carmenates-Zayas is five feet, four inches tall and weighs 163 pounds.
Carmenates-Zayas, 53, was serving a life sentence for the 2004 wounding of an ice cream truck driver in Hillsborough County during a road rage incident. They shot their victim and stabbed them in the head and shoulders, then exchanged fire with sheriff's deputies before they were wounded and arrested.
Valentin was scheduled to be released before the end of the year.
Prison procedures call for any inmate who reports a threat from a fellow prisoner to be placed in “protective management,” said Ron McAndrew, a prison consultant and former warden who worked for the Department of Corrections for 25 years.
After Valentin's death Monday, DCI officials issued forms to all of its prisoners telling them they could request transfers if they felt threatened by a cellmate, a source said.
The prison's new warden, Les Odom, provided Crews with a “thorough briefing,” the secretary said in Monday's news release.
A staffer at the prison, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the prison's staffing shortage has created serious security breaches and that log books are fudged to make it appear checks are being made and dorms are adequately staffed.
“It's called doing a ghost roster,” said another prison source.
“How do you explain having only one officer for 265 inmates?” said the staff member, who, as do others, fears reprisal from officers and other staffers if they are identified.
The source said that the H Dorm, also called Hotel Dorm, was staffed during that shift by two officers, Sgt. Bruny Pierre and an Officer Jenkins. The first sign of trouble, the source said, came not from corrections officers doing their rounds, but from inmates banging on their cells as they heard Valentin being assaulted.
DIGG THIS
Bush and Cheney are steering the U.S. into a collapse. Only strong public voices by influential people can prevent the coming disaster. We desperately need for men and women who are known to the public and have credibility to speak up in the critical period ahead to avoid catastrophe.
A few weeks ago, Israel bombed a alleged nuclear facility in Syria. This is a warm-up for an attack on Iran.
In the last few days, the U.S. unilaterally tightened sanctions on Iran. Russia and China do not support this move.
A week ago Bush warned Iran that its attainment of nuclear arms would lead to World War III.
Russia, which has been assisting Iran in its nuclear construction program for decades, regards Western military action against Iran as unacceptable.
China has been arming Iran with missiles. Its relations with Iran have been improving for years.
We know that Bush and Cheney are capable of pre-emptive attack. We know that Bush will act if they believe they are right no matter what the costs are. In their distorted worldview, Iran with nuclear weapons is a scenario worth any cost to avoid.
We know that Bush, Cheney, and Rice have repeatedly warned Iran of meaningful consequences if Iran arms itself with nuclear weapons. We know that their terms in office end in 15 months. These are the critical months.
But it is by no means clear that the front-running candidates for office who may replace them hold substantially different views. Hillary Clinton has publicly called for sanctions against Iran and has called Iran a threat to Israel.
Why may an unprovoked attack on Iran lead to WWIII and why may it lead to the collapse of the U.S.?
Imagine this scenario. The U.S. encourages Israel to bomb the Natanz nuclear facility in Iran. Russia attempts to restrain an Iranian response but fails. Iran responds in any of many ways, such as launching missiles on Israel, firing on shipping in the Straits of Hormuz, mining the Straits of Hormuz, sending troops into Iraq, or allying its military with Hezbollah and attacking Israel from Lebanon.
The U.S., citing Iran's aggressions (that will be the story), launches a full-scale attack on Iran designed to devastate the country. This attack has actually been planned by the U.S. for years. Syria is unable to maintain neutrality and quickly becomes a battleground between Iran and Israel.
The price of oil by this point has already soared to $200 a barrel. The U.S. begins to use its strategic reserve and to divert Iraqi production. Russia responds by taking steps to prevent its oil production from reaching the U.S. China responds by cutting off its support of the U.S. Treasury market. Venezuela halts oil shipments to the U.S. The first stages of WWIII are economic warfare designed to cripple the U.S. and halt its war-making capacity.
The U.S., unable to finance its deficits and fund its sovereign debt, is forced into raising interest rates drastically in order to borrow. The Fed is forced to print money. An inflationary spiral occurs. Meanwhile the high interest rates and high oil prices, not to mention the shock of a spreading conflict, drive the U.S. economy into severe decline. The U.S. attempts to raise taxes in order to fund itself, further crippling the economy. Gold soars to $1,500—$2,000 an ounce.
The U.S. attempts to bolster its military forces. The draft is reinstated. The severity of the emergency allows Bush and Cheney to assume emergency powers and begin a dictatorship. Elections are postponed.
The U.S. collapses.
Unfortunately, even if this scenario does not occur, the position of the U.S. is so precarious that any number of other scenarios equally disastrous lie in wait. This house needs urgently to be put in order or it will fall, and especially if it does not terminate its imperial adventures. The very fact that Bush and Cheney (or any major U.S. political officials) gain by starting WWIII is a terrible indictment of our entire political system.
Who can stop this? Who can prevent this? It will only take a few well-placed people to prevent this catastrophe. My guess is 5—20 people could sway public opinion against war or provide enough cover for Congressional dissenters to screw up their courage. Maybe even as few as 3 or 4 influential people could derail the Bush-Cheney train to disaster. They need to speak out at the right times and they must be heard. Previously mute or muted voices simply must speak out. They know who they are. They know that their silence will mean silent approval of a U.S. collapse.
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- The Latest on the special elections and Republican primary for state senate and state representative in Oklahoma (all times local):
8:15 p.m.
Democrats have swept two special elections in the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas for state representative and senator after the resignation of Republican lawmakers.
In House District 75, which includes portions of east Tulsa and north Broken Arrow, unofficial results show voters picked Democrat Karen Gaddis over Republican Tressa Nunley. Both were vying to replace former Republican state Rep. Dan Kirby, who resigned this year after two former legislative assistants accused them of sexual harassment.
In Senate District 44 in south Oklahoma City, voters selected Democrat Michael Brooks over Republican Joe Griffin. He'll replace ex-state Sen. Ralph Shortey, who faces three felony counts alleging they solicited a 17-year-old boy for sex.
And in a special Republican primary for Norman's House District 46, Republican voters picked Darin Chambers over Charlie Samples and Jimmy Shannon to oppose Democrat Jacob Rosencrants on Sept. 12.
7:15 p.m.
Polls have opened in Oklahoma as voters decide three special elections in state House and Senate races to replace three Republican lawmakers who resigned.
Polls are open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday for races in Norman, Oklahoma City and Tulsa.
Special general elections are for House District 75 in Tulsa, where former Rep. Dan Kirby resigned after being accused of sexual harassment by former legislative assistants, and in Senate District 44 in much of south Oklahoma City and portions of Mustang and Yukon to replace ex-Sen. Ralph Shortey, who faces child prostitution charges.
In Norman's House District 46, a special primary is being held for three Republicans seeking to replace former Rep. Scott Martin, who resigned to become president and CEO of the Norman Chamber of Commerce.
Stay in touch with us anytime, anywhere.
Download our free app for Apple and Android and Kindle devices.
Sign up for newsletters emailed to your inbox. Select from these options: Breaking News, Severe Weather, School Closings, Daily Headlines and Daily Forecasts.
Follow us on Twitter :
Like us on Facebook :
Following the announcement Wednesday that the former Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina had been selected as the new pope, the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints released the following statement expressing support:
"On behalf of the leadership and members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we extend our warmest wishes to Their Holiness Pope Francis and pray they will feel the peace of the Lord as they serve as pontiff of the Catholic Church.
"We have been honored and pleased as our two faiths have worked together on issues of faith, morality and service to the poor and needy. We value the relationships that have been formed in these joint efforts and are grateful for the good that has been accomplished.
We look forward to pursuing together, as the Apostle Paul wrote, all things that are true, honest, just, pure, lovely and of good report."
It's safe to say that B2B email trends are a bit behind consumer trends. After all, the audience, buyer's journey and marketing strategies are very different. And, while it has taken the B2B industry time to embrace things like interactive and responsive email, they have finally joined the ring!
As you can imagine, the VP of Marketing at a start-up has very different needs and goals than that of a well-established company. With the power of segmentation, marketers are able to nurture leads in a more personalized way. Likewise, designers can too.
The art of segmentation has finally found a solid place in the B2B world. Today, companies segment lists based on things like company size, industry vertical, and job title. A stark contrast to the B2C world that tends to focus more on weather, location, holidays and gender.
Now, blessed with the knowledge of segmentation, most B2B emails have found a way to focus. This allows designers to draw a clear hierarchy for the user.
Just a few years ago, B2B emails were riddled with “rabbit holes”. There were 3, 4, sometimes 5, different CTA's in one email. Because companies hadn't yet embraced segmentation, they were sending out one email and trying to cover all the bases. This resulted in convoluted emails that lacked a focus and turned away leads.
Know who your segmented audience is and view the email through their eyes.
Keeping your specific audience in mind is key. You may select different images when speaking to different groups. Developers and engineers are likely to respond better to technical images than say, an HR person. Construction professionals, who are inclined to call a job site their ‘office', are more likely to open emails on their phone than at a desktop computer. For those audiences, design mobile first.
The emails with a clear focus are much easier to comprehend from a user standpoint. Their eye is drawn from the header, through the copy, down to the main CTA. And, when there is a secondary call-to-action, it's just that, secondary.
Welcome the idea of focus and build your email on a well thought out hierarchy with beautiful design.
Email Trend #3: Use Interactivity
Interactive email is something I've seen a lot of in the consumer space. At The Email Design Conference back in August, I was exposed to a ton of interactive emails. Everything from animated GIFs to taking a short quiz within an email. They were all consumer based.
Now, we're seeing that trend creep into the B2B space by way of animated GIFs and countdown clocks.
Using movement in an unexpected way can catch the user's eye and attention. Remember, these things don't have to be the header image. Looping a background GIF behind a CTA will really give it a punch. Likewise, placing countdowns within the body content can all of a sudden make it more interesting.
Think outside of the box and keep pushing the interactive envelope with B2B emails.
Email Trend #4: Make It Accessible
Assuming that most of the B2B audience were professionals, using Outlook, on a desktop, in an office, responsive email had really taken a backseat in the industry. This is also true for some other accessibility updates in the email world. (Think wider email canvases!)
The definition of ‘office' has evolved quite a bit in the last couple of years and B2B companies are taking notice. Perhaps today's office is seat 7A on a plane and a tablet is the device of choice. Maybe your user has back-to-back meetings and the only way to check emails is on a mobile device. Or, if you're me, office means a stand-up desk supporting a 17-inch monitor that's set to a 1366x768 resolution. Whatever the case, emails have to be accessible on every device.
Seemingly subtle changes, like a wider body in desktop views or larger buttons on mobile designs can really make a difference to today's B2B professional. These layouts should complement one another and work together. How do columns stack when displayed on a smaller screen? Do your text sizes adjust? It's no longer safe to assume your audience is sitting at a desk.
Moving into 2017, be an advocate for developing more accessible emails.
Assuming that most of the B2B audience were professionals, using Outlook, on a desktop, in an office, responsive email had really taken a backseat in the industry.
Email Trend #5: Revisit Newsletters
Coinciding with the rise of business related blogs, newsletters are no longer a thing of the past for B2B companies. Almost every B2B website I visit offers me a way to ‘subscribe' for the latest news, industry trends and content. (Seriously, even Cisco has a blog you can subscribe to!)
Newsletters have become another way for companies to gain leads and pass people into nurture flows. Often when signing up, users are asked to self-identify to some extent.
From here, they are likely placed into a nurture flow with the hopes of converting a hot lead to sales.
I receive the newsletter below each week from NewsCred. The layout is simple and consistent. In its most recent design, users get a featured blog post, two related articles and a piece of content.
Consistency is not to be overlooked in these unique emails. The list is likely larger, covering a broader audience than you may be used to. And, by nature there are going to be several CTAs to include. Keeping the design simple and consistent helps alleviate what might otherwise be overwhelming amounts of content.
