California state government's biggest union won a mandate from its members to strike if SEIU Local 1000 can't reach an agreement on a new contract, the union announced Tuesday.
The union said 92 percent of members who voted cast a ballot to authorize the strike.
The strike vote raises the stakes in stalled negotiations over a new contract for a union that represents more than 90,000 workers in a broad array of jobs classifications, from nurses to custodians and general government analysts.
It's trying to persuade Gov. Jerry Brown's administration to give its members a larger raise than its initial offer of 12 percent over four years.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
That raise would be offset somewhat by a new deduction Brown wants state workers to pay to offset the cost of their retirement health benefits. That deduction could climb to about 4 percent of an employee's salary over four years, according to similar contracts that other state unions have accepted.
The union said the state has also failed to respond to its concerns about civil service reform and gender pay inequities. SEIU Local 1000 members are predominantly women and paid 19 percent less than average for all rank-and-file state workers, according to the union.
“Both sides must negotiate in good faith,” SEIU Local 1000 President Yvonne Walker said in a statement. “Local 1000 has been and will continue to negotiate in good faith. When the state's conduct doesn't meet this standard, it is our duty and responsibility to hold them accountable.”
The union said it's been in negotiations with Brown's administration since April. Bargaining resumed Tuesday and will continue Thursday, with additional sit-downs slated for later in the month.
State unions have authorized strikes in the past, including SEIU Local 1000 in 2009. However, none have actually walked out on their jobs.
Last year, California State University sweetened a contract offer for the union that represents its faculty after professors voted to strike. As a result, professors received a 10.5 percent pay raise over three years rather than 2 percent raises the state university had been offering.
Still, state leaders should not assume SEIU Local 1000 is bluffing, said Lamoin Werlein Jaen of the UC Berkeley Labor Center.
“The amount of work, preparation and the stakes, I think, are a disincentive for a union to be going through all the steps of doing this,” said Jaen, the Labor Center's director of leadership development programs.
“It's kind of like an avalanche. You push up, push up, push up and you run the risk of really falling back and the employer not taking it seriously,” they said.
Before the strike vote, SEIU Local 1000 carried out a series of surveys and town-hall meetings that revealed its members were concerned about the rising costs of housing and child care in the state. They accepted furloughs during the recession, and some members want the next contract to make up for leaner years.
Brown generally offered each union similar contracts this year, but a couple of bargaining units struck better deals in bargaining. Attorneys, scientists and engineers are receiving larger raises.
“We will continue negotiations in good faith with the goal of securing a mutually agreeable contract,” said Joe DeAnda, a spokesperson for Cal HR, in a statement. “This includes balancing recognition of our hardworking employees, with protecting the long-term viability of retiree health benefits and maintaining the integrity of the state's finances.”
Fourteen of the state's 21 labor contracts expired this summer. SEIU Local 1000 accounts for nine of them. The contracts cannot be fully implemented until the Legislature returns in January.
Another union that represents about 12,000 state maintenance workers and electricians has declared an impasse in its bargaining with the state and is heading into mediation later this month. Members of the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 12 rejected Brown's initial contract offer in July.
Those of you hoping that George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road wouldn't water down the insanity for a PG-13 rating like most films these days will be happy to hear that the MPAA has given it an R-rating. So you can rest easy and know that this film is going to deliver the bloody carnage you crave.
The movie gets the R-rating for "intense sequences of violence throughout, and for disturbing images." Hopefully we get a red-band trailer soon, but in the meantime, here's a new international Japanese trailer that features a bit of new footage for your viewing enjoyment.
An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of their wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes their path to survival may be achieved if they can make it across the desert back to their childhood homeland.
Mad Max: Fury Road will be unleashed on May 15th.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Moments after it was reported that President Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz is going to file a complaint against former FBI Director James Comey, Norm Eisen of CREW announced, “This is an abuse of process and we will be filing a defense of Comey.”
The co-founder CREW and former Obama ethics czar further alerted the DC bumbling Kasowitz, “Beware: there are serious consequences for abuse of process.”
This is an abuse of process & we will be filing a defense of Comey. @marckasowitz beware: there r serious consequences for abuse of process https://t.co/wTVDCRpkd1 — Norm Eisen (@NormEisen) June 9, 2017
It's about those memos. Trump thinks that Comey shouldn't be allowed to share their own memos with the press.
“The complaint will focus on Comey's testimony that they gave a friend the content of memos about their conversations with Trump and asked the friend to then give that information to a reporter. Comey said Friday that they gave the friend — later identified as Daniel Richman, a longtime Comey confidante and Columbia University professor — the information after Trump tweeted that they may have tapes of their conversations with the fired FBI director,” CNN reported.
But many legal experts have pointed out that there is no violation of DOJ rules in Comey's sharing of their memos and there was no attorney-client privilege, “No violation of DOJ rules in them sharing convo, & Comey wasn't acting as an attorney, so no atty-client privilege,” MSNBC justice and security expert Matthew Miller wrote.
Frivolous distraction. No violation of DOJ rules in them sharing convo, & Comey wasn't acting as an attorney, so no atty-client privilege. https://t.co/RLZbFwYpLv — Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) June 9, 2017
Eisen waved the caution flag:
.@marckasowitz be v careful in using scorched earth litigating style of private law practice (I did it 2 at times, proudly), dangerous here — Norm Eisen (@NormEisen) June 9, 2017
Another problem with Trump's suit is that Comey is a private citizen now, thanks to… Trump's temper and bad judgment.
Comey can share their memos with whomever they please. They do not include classified information and Trump has denied that the conversations took place, so how can they claim they were privileged. But even if that's their stance, they didn't exert executive privilege, and Trump themselves forced Comey to share their memos after Trump “defamed” Comey in public.
Trump can't bring things up on Twitter, accusing people of lying or other nefarious deeds, and then demand that they be silent about the same issue. The President is not a King.
“Knives are already out for Kasowitz,” Glenn Thrush wrote above an article they and Maggie Haberman published in the New York Times, “For their part, many of Mr. Trump's aides were less than impressed by the public performance of Mr. Kasowitz, a lawyer based in New York who has earned the president's respect and, for the moment, their situational obedience. A hastily drafted initial statement to the news media contained typos — ‘president' was misspelled — and they delivered it in a harried monotone, staring down at their text, to reporters gathered at the National Press Club.”
Also from that piece, we got the reminder that this President is just not right, “The idea: Keep Mr. Trump occupied, even-keeled and away from Twitter.”
Kasowitz is out of their element; their statement was full of typos and worse than that, it was based a huge accusation on an incorrect understanding of the facts. Julie Davis, who covers the White House for the New York Times, corrected Kasowitz, “Kasowitz is mistaken re NYT stories on Comey memos. We never quoted memos prior to Trump's 5/12 tweet re tapes; 1st story doing so was 5/16.”
This means that it was the President themselves who introduced the topic, and thus they can't expect Comey's silence. Trump had also fired Comey, so Comey was a private citizen when they shared their memos.
As we pointed out yesterday in the Politicus Podcast, Kasowitz denied Comey's damning allegations, claiming Trump never asked for loyalty. See that big pothole? Yeah, Trump just tripped and fell into it:
This is the kind of mistake people like Trump make in DC. Trump isn't stupid; he's inept in DC because their mob style of “winning” through threats, bullying, force, money and arrogance alone doesn't work in DC. A person has to at least understand the world before they can conquer it.
But what has Trump done with this lawsuit? He's officially declared war on the FBI. Like an idiot who still thinks he's in control and still thinks the real problem is he's not leaning on people hard enough.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Every two years, the international Xenopus community gathers to meet. Two years ago I wrote about the meeting in Toulon, France and this time we crossed the pond to Asilomar, CA, just south of San Francisco. Cat Vicente recently wrote about Asilomar in the context of conference venues whilst attending the Genetics Society of America Xenopus conference for the Node.
The conference gives a chance for researchers in various fields, but with the common model system of Xenopus, to discuss their work. The meeting this year took a new direction in not having themed sessions, but rather mixing talks from very different fields into each session. This had the dual purpose of keeping everyone's attention by switching between different subjects rapidly, but also ensuring people were more likely to stay around for talks outside their field. There was also a strong focus on getting junior faculty and postdocs to speak rather than just the usual senior researchers that are well-known. For these reasons, I personally found this the most engaging conference I have been to.
Keynote talks
There were special lectures given by John Gurdon (Gurdon Institute, University of Cambridge) and Marc Kirschner (Department of Systems Biology, Harvard Medical School), both senior figures in the Xenopus community. John's talk in particular gave an historical perspective on the beginnings of Xenopus as a model organism, including the transport of frogs from South Africa to the UK by Lancelot Hogben. Apparently, in the early days they were forced to keep their frog colony in the crypt of a church and managed to balance the books by charging hospitals to use frogs as pregnancy tests: when injected with the urine of pregnant women, the hormones present would induce the release of eggs from the female frogs. And from such humble beginnings, the research community has grown, with of course achievements such as John's Nobel Prize. John speculated on the possible future for research in the frog and the aspiration to be able to track the behavior of individual proteins, within a cell, in real time.
John Gurdon's special lecture: a historical perspective on the field of Xenopus research.
The keynote talk was given by Rebecca Heald of University of California, Berkeley. Rebecca's lab focuses on questions to do with size and scaling of cells. In particular, looking at frogs there are basic questions about different species and different stages of development. Xenopus laevis eggs are nearly twice as big as Xenopus tropicalis and yet they are both single cells and, upon fertilization, undergo cleavage in the same way. How does this relate to the DNA content of the cells and how is this remarkable feat of engineering, in an cell so large, achieved? Also, as frog embryos develop, cells continuously divide whilst the embryo as a whole does not grow. What are the implications of maintaining a similar mechanism of cell division, starting in a cell as large as 1 mm in diameter and ending up at a fraction of the size? Work in frog egg and embryo extract is a significant part of the Xenopus field but not often universally used by frog researchers and it was an overview of some of the amazing work that can be achieved with the simple yet versatile extract system.
Rebecca Heald's tribute to the “Founding Froggers”. Photo courtesy of Cat Vicente.
The community
The frog community also has numerous resources that we simply couldn't do without: you can check out all things frog at Xenbase and there are three resource centres around the world: the National Xenopus Resource (NXR) in Wood's Hole, MA; the European Xenopus Resource Centre (EXRC) at the University of Portsmouth, UK; and the National BioResource Project (NBRP) in Hiroshima, Japan which have stocks of wild type and transgenic frogs as well as components such as DNA clones and antibodies. All of these groups presented updates on work they are doing to support the community, such as the genome-editing workshop planned for November 2014 at Wood's Hole.
Two special workshops were also arranged. One for trainee researchers looking for career advice both in academic and non-academic areas; and one for junior faculty looking for advice on getting tenure. I attended the PhD/postdoc session (as did the Node's Cat Vicente – as a speaker for non-academic careers) and although the outlook is, as ever, sobering, it was still good to hear some advice specific to people who had worked on frog and some key things to keep in mind. Especially that it's never too early to be thinking about the next step.
These are both key examples of why I've enjoyed my scientific training in the Xenopus community. I started off after finishing my Master's in Chemistry and moved into a frog lab, and have worked in 3 frog labs/projects since. The sense of community and support provided by the Xenopus field is really quite unique and many who have passed through frog meetings have commented on this. There are some key figures driving the support of more junior faculty and trainees, which is sadly not the norm across all fields of academia.
Looking forward
Work in the model organism Xenopus seems to be really taking off because of all the different techniques that are available to frog researchers. Genetics and genome editing, with TALENs and the CRISP/Cas system, have expanded recently, particularly using the diploid genome of Xenopus tropicalis, but even the pseudoallotetraploid genome of Xenopus laevis, for so long considered a disadvantage, is by its nature of being so unique and outbred generating a lot of questions that other inbred model systems simply can't answer. The use of Xenopus extracts for in vitro biochemical work was showcased in particular by Rebecca Heald's lab and the questions that can be answered by the cell-in-a-test-tube system that Xenopus provides still leaves many frog researchers surprised. The rapid development and easy manipulation of frog embryos also allows many simple but elegant in vivo experiments. So, in reality, frogs can be used to answer a whole lot of questions rapidly (and cheaply). I will try to expand upon some of these themes in the near future; needless to say I don't have time here except to mention what an adaptable model system is across many fields, from bioengineering to biochemistry to biophysics.
Frog friends! Photo courtesy of Atsushi Suzuki, from the National BioResource Project, Japan.
This was my third Xenopus conference; each time I'm unsure if I'll be at the next one, so I always make sure to enjoy the company of my froggy friends; we always make sure to have a good time!
If you want to keep up with frog-related updates, you can follow various Twitter accounts for Xenbase @Xenbase, the National Xenopus Resource at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Wood's Hole @XenopusNXR and I also blog at bewareofthefrog.tumblr.com and @BiophysicalFrog.
(+7 rating, 7 votes)
rating,votes)
Loading... Loading...
Share Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google
Email
And many West Bank Palestinians would like the freedom to vote for or against the Israeli governments that have imposed these and other conditions on them. That would be a manifestation of freedom known as "democracy."
I realize Mitt Romney doesn't care what Palestinians think of him, since they have no real constituency in America. But what is alarming--and I mean alarming from the point of view of Americans who might wind up being governed by this guy--is that they probably have no awareness of the stunning irony of going to Jerusalem, having a lovefest with Bibi Netanyahu, defender-in-chief of the Israeli occupation, and then preaching to Palestinians that they'd be better off if only they'd get themselves some freedom!
I mean, leave aside the left-right argument about whether Israeli or Palestinian leaders are more responsible for the failure to reach a two-state solution back when that was still possible. Do you have any idea how offensive Romney sounds to the vast majority of Palestinians who definitely can't be blamed for this failure to seize past moments?
I used to think the Democratic rap on Romney--that he's one of these rich people who just can't see the way life looks to less rich people--was just a clever and not wholly implausible talking point. But I'm starting to take it much more seriously. I think their gaffes abroad do bespeak an inability to put themselves in the shoes of other people, whether Brits who are proud of their Olympic preparations or Palestinians who live under occupation.
I mean, gosh, why didn't those Palestinians have the wisdom to be born into a nice Mormon family--with nice Mormon culture--whose patriarch was head of American Motors? And, come to think of it, why didn't all those unemployed Americans exhibit similar foresight?
Mitt's a pretty smart guy, but there's one thing they just can't seem to wrap their mind around: not being Mitt. For the millions of American voters who aren't Mitt, that's something to think about.
Csaba Csorba is standing in scrubland beside the burned-out shell of a small house. They point to the spot amid the tall grass where they found their son Robert bleeding in the snow almost two years ago. Nearby lay the body of their four-year-old grandson Robi. The small boy had been shot through the head, their face was unrecognizable.
The murders of Feb. 23, 2009 saw the Hungarian village of Tatárszentgyörgy become synonymous with hate, hatred towards Europe's Roma people. Robert Csorba, a 27-year-old father of three, had gathered up their young son in their arms and ran out to escape the flames that engulfed their house, the last one on the edge of the village. Unknown assailants had attacked under the cover of night, throwing Molotov cocktails at the door and then opening fire when those inside tried to flee. Robert was shot in the lungs and lived for another hour, dying on the way to the hospital. Their six-year-old daughter Bianka was injured but survived, while their wife Renata and younger son escaped the blaze.
There is no indication that the murderers even knew who their victims were. "The attackers didn't really care who they killed," Robert's father says today.
Csorba, a short stocky man who is missing many teeth, looks at least 10 years older than their 47 years. They believe their son might have survived if they had received proper medical attention. "The ambulance only came an hour and a half after we called, even though the hospital is five minutes away, and it didn't have oxygen," they claim. And they allege that when the police arrived, they said the fire had been caused by electrical problems, and that the doctor claimed their son's wounds had been caused by nails from falling beams and not gunfire.
It was only after the intervention of Viktória Mohácsi, a Roma politician who at the time was a member of the European Parliament, that the investigation into the deaths became a murder enquiry. Last year, four men were arrested in connection with the crime, tracked down through mobile phone records. But the suspects have yet to face trial.
Tough Questions as Hungary Takes EU Helm
The Csorba family were the latest victims in a series of attacks on Hungary's Roma that shocked the world in early 2009. Now, two years later, Hungary is about to take the helm of the rotating European Union presidency, and leaders in Budapest say a central plank in the country's EU agenda will be addressing the issue of the Roma. But how much leadership can be expected from a country in which hatred of the Roma is part of every-day discourse and where an avowedly anti-Roma party regularly attracts the support of almost one-fifth of the electorate?
The new center-right government under Prime Minister Viktor Orbán, elected in April, has pledged to forge an EU-wide policy for addressing the Roma issue during its six months of leadership in Brussels. "By the end of the Hungarian presidency, the European Union will have a Roma policy," Orbán told state news agency MTI in late December. The Hungarian leader said a draft policy would be presented in the spring. "The European Roma strategy has to lay emphasis on education and employment," they said.
The issue took center-stage in EU politics this summer following the expulsions of around 3,000 Roma from France. The EU rapped Paris on the knuckles for its actions, saying it had contravened rules on the freedom of movement of EU citizens, though it desisted from accusing the government of French President Nicolas Sarkozy of discrimination against an ethnic group.
The events of this summer brought into sharp relief the fact that Europe's largest minority group, with a population estimated at between 10 and 12 million, is living in poverty. Yet the Roma issue, in both eastern and western Europe, often focuses just on the problems the Roma pose, for example as a security or public order issue, rather than the troubles they themselves face, from massive unemployment, poor access to education, to discrimination and in the worst cases, anti-Roma violence, including murder. And the wave of hate crimes against the Roma in Hungary in 2008 and 2009, along with the rise of the fiercely anti-Roma political party Jobbik and a general shift to the right in Hungary, raises questions about what Europe's Roma population should anticipate from the Hungarian EU presidency.
TheProudBrit on Reddit, so thanks to them for letting me use it here.
I have a confession to make. More of a clarification, really. I never hated blue-haired Chloe.
I did
them (mostly because they seem to actively suppress their own good qualities), but I never actually
them
As a matter of fact, the farther I got in the game, the more I realized they were a very well-crafted character, very much like a real person I know.
Most of us know a Chloe-esque person, and some of those people are good people masked in bad qualities, while others have become genuinely bad people who thrive on their own victimhood and suffering.
I ended up placing Chloe in the latter category, not because I didn't see them as a person, but because I saw them as a
of person – a bad person that it was best to avoid.
I nearly cried at this scene, simply because I was safe from "hella" for as long as I was with this Chloe.Also, there are apparently two things that are hereditary in this world: car-accidents, and slang.The hella-vator pun came from----(See "Part 1" in the previous comic's description)
However, I have no doubt that their life/death is going play a huge role in the series finale, so I needed to find some reason to like blue-haired Chloe before Episode 5 comes out. Thanks to your comments on my last cartoon, I rewatched the “hospital scene” (with Kate Marsh). The first time I saw that scene, I happened to be explaining part of the story to a friend, so I missed a very important line from Chloe – a line that, when I looked back on the scene, proved that they really are a good person at heart (and somewhere deep inside, AU Chloe lives on). Kudos to the writers for conciseness, but I wish there were more moments like that for idiots like me who missed that one-in-a-million line. Either way, my thanks to everyone who agreed with me (I guess I was less controversial than I thought) and also to everyone who kindly argued with my point of view and redeemed blue-haired Chloe. I really do appreciate the mature discussion. Hopefully you guys got something out of it, too.
#AustralianChloe4Life #AustralianChloeLivesOnThroughUsAll
This is an excerpt from the comic art book Hands Up, Herbie! by Joey Perr, based on the life of their father, art teacher and art activist Herb Perr. Born into a mob-connected, lower-middle-class Jewish family, Herb studies art, works with leading Abstract Expressionists, joins the radical movements of the 1960s, and co-founds Political Arts Documentation/Distribution (PAD/D) in the 1980s. As depicted in this excerpt, PAD/D — led by Village Voice art critic Lucy Lippard, among others — offers artists a way to oppose Reaganism and its war-mongering policies and attacks on women's rights.
At Guernica, we've spent the last 15 years producing uncompromising journalism.
More than 80% of our finances come from readers like you. And we're constantly working to produce a magazine that deserves you—a magazine that is a platform for ideas fostering justice, equality, and civic action.
If you value Guernica's role in this era of obfuscation, please donate.
Help us stay in the fight by giving here.
Cambridge, Mass. - October 31, 2012 - Scientists have created new kinds of particles, 1/100th the diameter of a human hair, that spontaneously assemble themselves into structures resembling molecules made from atoms. These new particles come together, or “self-assemble,” to form structures in patterns that were previously impossible to make and hold promise for manufacturing advanced optical materials and ceramics.
The method, described in the latest issue of the journal Nature, was developed by a team of chemists, chemical engineers, and physicists at New York University (NYU), the Harvard School of Engineering & Applied Sciences, the Harvard Department of Physics, and Dow Chemical Company.
The method is centered on enhancing the architecture of colloids—small particles suspended within a fluid medium. Colloidal dispersions compose such everyday items as paint, milk, gelatin, glass, and porcelain, but their potential to create new materials remains largely untapped.
Previously, scientists had succeeded in building rudimentary structures from colloids. But the ability use colloids to design and assemble complex 3-dimensional structures, which are vital to the design of advanced optical materials, has been limited. This is, in part, because colloids lack directional bonds, which are necessary to control particle self-assembly as well as to enhance complexity while maintaining the structural integrity of these creations. Such assemblies serve as the building blocks of the natural world—e.g., atoms and molecules—but they are rare in the colloidal domain.
“What this method aimed to do was to use nature's properties for atoms and apply them to the colloidal world,” explained NYU chemistry professor Marcus Weck, one of the study's coauthors.
“Chemists have a whole periodic table of atoms to choose from when they synthesize molecules and crystals,” added coauthor Vinothan Manoharan, Associate Professor of Chemical Engineering and Physics at Harvard. “We wanted to develop a similar ‘construction set' for making larger-scale molecules and crystals.”
In developing colloids with such properties, the researchers engineered chemical “patches” that can form directional bonds, thus allowing for the assembly of 3-dimensional “lattices” with only a few connections between particles, an important design element for many advanced materials. Without directional bonding, such structures are unstable.
The trick was establishing bonding capabilities on the patches. The scientists did so by using single strands of DNA, which scientists at NYU and elsewhere have previously employed to organize small particles. In the method described in Nature, these strands of DNA served as “sticky ends” to which particle patches could adhere.
“What this means is we can make particles that attach only at the patches, and then we can program them so only specific kinds of particles attach at those patches,” said coauthor and NYU physics professor David Pine. “This gives us tremendous flexibility to design 3-dimensional structures.”
The researchers added that the specificity of DNA interactions between patches means that colloids with different properties, such as size, color, chemical functionality, or electrical conductivity, could lead to the production of new materials. These potentially include 3-dimensional electrically wired networks or photonic crystals to enhance the optical displays of a range of consumer products and to improve the speed of computer chips.
###
Additional coauthors included Yufeng Wang (NYU), Yu Wang (NYU), Dana R. Breed (Dow Chemical Co.), Lang Feng (NYU), and Andrew D. Hollingsworth (NYU).
Key work was performed at NYU's Materials Research Science and Engineering Center, an interdisciplinary laboratory supported by the National Science Foundation.
The research was also supported by grants from the National Science Foundation (MR-0820341, ChE-0911460, DMR-0923251).
Image: Electron microscope images of "colloidal atoms," micrometer-sized particles with patches that allow bonding only along particular directions. From top to bottom: particle with one patch (analogous to a hydrogen atom), two, three, four (analogous to a carbon atom), five, six, and seven patches. (Image courtesy of Vinothan N. Manoharan and David J. Pine.)
JJ Hanrahan is on the verge of leaving their native Munster and joining Northampton next season. Currently in the second year of a two-year deal with the province, the 22-year-old from Castleisland has been offered a more lucrative deal by the east midlands club and although the deal has not been completed yet, the odds are they will join the Premiership club.
A former Irish schools and Under-20 outhalf, who was shortlisted for the IRB World Young Player in 2012, after playing a starring role in Ireland's climb to a fifth placed finish, their professional career has not quite panned out as they would have hoped or certainly liked; especially this season.
Hanrahan was afforded more opportunities last season at outhalf, but this season their face does not appear to have fit, and they have been confined to just two starts at outhalf. Last week, notably, they were an unused sub in the Champions Cup defeat at home to Clermont.
The Kerryman played their schools rugby with Rockwell College and also helped the Munster A side to their 2011-12 British & Irish Cup success, before graduating from the Munster academy in 2013. In the 2012-13 season they made five starts (scoring two tries on their full debut) and six appearances off the bench and last season marked further progress.
Rotation
Hanrahan also made 17 appearances off the bench, including all eight of Munster's Heineken Cup matches, and it's striking to note that on this very week last year Hanrahan was the hero with a wonderful try in overtime which enabled Munster to win away to Perpignan. By contrast, this season they have been restricted to two starts at outhalf, in the games at home to the Scarlets and away to the Blues, with their subsequent two starts against the Dragons and Ulster coming at fullback.
While the province were recently able to announce the resigning of several Irish qualified players – Felix Jones, David Kilcoyne, Stephen Archer and Dave Foley – negotiations with Hanrahan and their representatives have proved trickier.
Their first contract would not have been especially lucrative, whereas it is understood that Northampton have offered them a basic salary in the region of £150,000 (€190,000) – which would most probably dwarf any improved offer Munster might make the player.
Despite clear issues with their game management and decision-making, Hanrahan is a rare talent, and the province are understood to be desperately keen to keep him.
Not short of self-belief or ambition, Hanrahan is also, by all accounts, their own man, yet somehow there would be something wrong with a 22-year-old Kerry-born product of Rockwell College and the Munster academy leaving.
Munster sources maintain “the deal is not done yet”, although there is an acknowledgement that Hanrahan is both frustrated with their lack of progress at Munster and has had their head turned by Northampton, which also fuels the rumour that Stephen Myler may be moving on at the end of the season. In any event, the prospect of Hanrahan moving to Northampton looks probable.
Jimmy Gopperth
According to the Rugby Paper, Wasps are prepared to make Gopperth an offer in the region of €300,000 plus to join them and they remain the favourites to acquire them on foot of Leinster and the IRFU bringing Johnny Sexton home next year on a four-year contract.
Murphy also defended Gopperth, who has come in for criticism since the announcement of Sexton's return.
“I think, in general, we're not playing as well in the group. A lot of people are looking in and picking at Jimmy in that scenario. It is definitely not all Jimmy's fault.
“Everyone has to take responsibility. We are in meetings. Everyone is given the information. It is not an individual issue. It is a team issue. And it is a team solution that we need to find for it.”
Over 38,000 tickets have been sold for Leinster's rematch with Harlequins at the Aviva next Saturday (kick-off 7.45) and Matt O'Connor's team probably need to win by more than seven points to come out of these back-to-back matches with a better head-to-head record.
Sony permanently banned Muslim gamer's PSN account based on their real life name
Representative image only, not the actual user
Sony has banned a Muslim gamer from PSN for using their real name in their PSN ID. The 26 year old gamer, whose name is Jihad, used ‘Ijihad‘ as their PSN ID.
The PSN account was created years ago, when the owner used to own a PS3 and it was only banned recently. The user also was stripped from all their digital purchases and money available in the wallet.
Taken aback by Sony's decision, Jihad made continuous efforts to contact them until they were informed that they were banned because of their PSN ID. Initially, the Sony support team offered them an option to change the PSN ID but later they went silent leaving the user in distress. Sony has now refused to offer a name change option to him.
Jihad, frustrated by Sony's action, took to Reddit to express himself. They wrote the following:
Hi all, I Am 26 years old and my name is Jihad. Before you hate on me, please remember 26 years ago, this s**t was not like this. I've been named based on the true, non-religious meaning of the word, which is: Struggling & Putting an effort in doing something Noble, good and highly valued. Long story short, we're in 2016 :). I'm really saddened to reach this stage of hopelessness in fair treatment without dealing with personal racism opinions. I hope if you guys would support me, I also accept if you disagree with me; just hearing me out is much appreciated. I have been long PlayStation gamer, since the first one came out. Two months ago I pre-ordered Overwatch: Collectors edition, once I got my hands on it I played it right away. Three days in, I suddenly received: Permanent-ban email, stating reason is [BAN REASON]. (Yes, literally like this) I was furious, I had this account since PS3 came-out, I have purchased MANY games. Never cheated nor talked to anyone.
There has been an outcry following this incident with a lot of people showing their support to Jihad. They criticized Sony for being unprofessional and unethical in this case. Some of them said that Sony should have noticed the ID long ago as they had been in using PSN since PS3 days and banned them right away if they felt the PSN ID was not appropriate.
They also thought that it was not fair on the user to get banned now, after using the same ID for so many years.
Sony Saudi Arabia, however, has come forward to help this guy and assured that they will contact the respective department in this regard.
On the other hand, some even criticized the user for using the word Jihad (even though it is their name) in the PSN ID as the word is flagged globally in present day.
One GameFAQs user named cyclonictrigger wrote,
They should have known that the name, or word Jihad means something offensive in this day and age to many people, millions, if not billions. They say hes a long time playstation user, thats fine, ps3 came out in what,,…2006, thats 5 years after the 9/11 attacks and when Jihad became a term of war against the world. They should have thought at one over first. Besides, who the hell uses their real name online? Sony has every right to ban him. Especially after they knew terrorist were usng ps4s to communicate. I would have flagged the name too. What im supposed to do? Just think, oh its some guys name? No, i dont think it would be someones name, i see it as a term of war, as many others do. Obviously enough people reported them where it became an issue. Sorry, the word Jihad is very suspicious online, no matter where it is.
We are currently waiting for Sony's statement in this regard and hope that this issue gets solved soon.
In our opinion, Sony should at least offer the user a chance to change their PSN id to something else although its decision to ban the ‘offensive' word is justified.
Pipe bomb disguised as chocolates sends woman to hospital
A seemingly anonymous gift left on the front porch of a Houston home owned by an oil company executive has the city's affluent population of oil profiteers on edge this weekend, after that package exploded and seriously injured a 62-year-old woman.
Neighbors of the victim told an ABC News affiliate in Houston that the bomb was disguised as a box of chocolates in a gift bag, left on the home's doorstep around Thursday.
Instead, it contained what authorities described as a pipe bomb carrying a load of thumb tacks and nails. When they opened the package on Friday evening, standing on their back porch around 6:30, it resulted in shrapnel embedded across the woman's face — injuries police said were not life-threatening.
“It wasn't immediately clear whether the house was targeted, however, Eyewitness News found out the home is owned by an oil company executive,” the ABC affiliate further noted.
Police refused to release the victim's name and none of the area media stated who the home belongs to or which oil company employs that individual.
However, an examination of the homefront shown on local news reports correlated to images featured on Google Street View. A series of basic searches across a publicly available property database revealed the home's owner to be James Brock Moore III, president of Adams Resources Exploration Corporation (AREC). A separate name listed on the home's appraisal record, one Vennie Wolf, may or may not be the bomb's victim.
The company brags on its Web site that it successfully “exploited” the “Austin chalk,” which is a geological formation that's proved tricky to drill under due to its fractured oil and gas stocks. Many companies have adopted advanced horizontal drilling techniques to conquer the chalk and penetrate even deeper into underground Texas mineral reserves. AREC says its areas of interest stretch along the Gulf coast from south Texas all the way to Alabama.
No further details could be confirmed at time of this writing.
Neighbors described the bomb's detonation as sounding similar to a transformer blowing out. One man, Dennis McCoy, who spoke to Houston's KHOU 11 News, claimed to have been asked by the woman if he'd left a box of candies on their doorstep. The box apparently carried a simple note saying, “Thank you.”
Initial online speculation centered on whether the bombing may be a targeted hit on someone associated with embattled oil company BP, which is currently held as responsible for the worst environmental accident in humanity's history. A connection of that nature is at least not immediately apparent. Such speculation would appear to be driven only by police refusal to release the victim's name and local media's reticence to give a precise address.
Local reports said that the package note also carried the woman's name, except misspelled.
“I can't believe anyone would do something as terrible and tragic to a person like this lady,” Karen Gennity, a neighbor, told ABC 13.
This video is from Houston's ABC 13, broadcast Saturday, July 10, 2010.
The following is a guest post. It is a rebut to my recent post about sacrificing work-life balance for business.
Our appetite for success is necessary to reach our goals and dreams but it can also hurt our happiness.
We all have a vision of what we want our future to be.
“I will make X dollar every month” “I will be financially free” “I will run my own business” “I will live in a big house and drive a sports car” “I will travel the world” “I will be debt-free”…
And that's great because we need a vision to accomplish our dreams. That's what we've been trained to think. “If you want to be successful be ambitious, be bold and determine what you want.”
Read also: 3 steps to realize your wildest dreams
The problem is that it's also very dysfunctional, if you postpone your happiness to the future.
The Gap is the period during which you delay your happiness in the present until you reach your objective. In this Gap you tell yourself things like:
“I am going to be happy when this happens” “ I am going to open this bottle of Champagne when that happen” “I am going to celebrate when I reach X goal”
When you think that way you tend to feel more anxious, frustrated and miserable and even when you attain the future you dreamed about, you feel unfulfilled. As a result you create another set of goals for another future, which once again will postpone your happiness.
To stop this nonsense, Dan Sullivan recommends reversing the Gap.
Rather than constantly focusing on your future, remind yourself regularly of where you were 2 years ago. What did your life look like? What was your career like? How were you? And when you think about that, celebrate how much you've come in the last 2 years.
You need to train yourself not to only think about the future but to also celebrate what you've accomplished in the past. Pay attention to your “reverse gap” the period during which you had successes but also difficulties that you've overcome. That's how you create happiness and gratitude in the now.
Many studies have shown the benefits of maintaining gratitude on a daily basis. One of them carried out by Dr. Robert A. Emmons of the University of California and Dr. Michael McCullough of the University of Miami, has proved than gratitude increase our optimism and our health.
In the study they asked one group to write every day about what they were grateful for and another group to write about their daily irritations. After 10 weeks, those who wrote about gratitude were more optimistic and felt better about their lives. They even tended to exercise more.
See also the Science of Happiness: an experiment in gratitude
Here are some ideas to be more grateful and avoid “the Gap”:
Write on a regular basis what you are grateful for: You don't need to write it everyday. You will experience the same benefits by doing this exercise 3 times a week.
Remember the bad: When you remember the hard times that you once experienced you instantly create a contrast with your present situation, which helps you feel grateful.
Practice mindfulness or meditation: With practice it will allow you to find a balance between the present and your desire to reach your goals.
Now I want to know, have you ever felt that “Gap” in your life? Do you practice gratitude on a regular basis? I would love to hear what you have to say in the comments below.
About the author: Simon Cave is passionate about Digital Entrepreneurship and Personal Development and help people reach financial independence on their blog The Becomer. Follow them on Facebook
Photo Source
A common problem for cape comics is what is best termed an out-of-proportion amount of sexualized art. It probably has its roots in superheroes as a power fantasy for boys, and it follows logically, if a bit sadly, that women would be portrayed as the ideal sexual partner, rather than an objectively idealized character. Whatever the reason, we're mired in crappy sexualization. And the problem isn't just what that means for women, but what it means for the craft and quality of the comic. Imagery that prizes sexualization above all else -- especially when that doesn't make sense for the story -- can pull you out of the moment and stop your reading experience dead.
Over the next two weeks, I'll be talking about sexuality in superhero comics from the perspective of craft, and how different approaches to art (and sex) serve can serve the narrative, or detract from it. Today, I'm comparing and two contrasting the work of artists Ed Benes and Cliff Chiang on the same superhero, Wonder Woman , to see how differently they approach the character, and how big an impact that has on the story they're trying to tell with their art.The line between sexy and over-sexualized in comics is a hard one to pin down. It's different for everyone, of course, but for the purposes of this post, we should probably agree on a few ground rules, just for the sake of having one conversation, rather than many. Art in a comic is over-sexualized when the women are drawn as sex objects first and heroes (or people) second. Skimpy clothes, large breasts, arched backs, and exploitative camera angles all contribute to heros being drawn as sex objects. For a good example, check out this image by Ed Benes, which was part of the promo push for Blackest Night :
There are five fully-dressed men on the page, but the two women have as much skin on display as possible, no matter how unlikely it would be. Star Sapphire, the one in the foreground, is a particularly terrible example of the depths superhero art can sink to, as there's nothing reasonable about their costume, from their high collar to their cleverly-placed superhero emblem. I breasts and butt are emphasized to the detriment of the story this image is trying to tell. The image is, at least theoretically, about a vicious war between several different factions. In practice, it's about fully-clothed, over-muscled dudes growling at each other while a lady vamps with barely any clothes on nearby.
The most egregious example of how Benes in specific and superhero comics in general over-sexualize their female characters comes in Justice League of America 14 , written by Dwayne McDuffie and drawn by Ed Benes. Half of the Justice League has been captured as a result of Lex Luthor's latest scheme, and Superman and Black Lightning go on the offensive to rescue their teammates. Here's how Benes chose to depict the captured team:
What does this image actually tell you about the story at hand? The art is undeniably suggestive, with Wonder Woman's breasts front and center, Vixen in a position that could be most charitably described as "aggressive doggy style," and Black Canary's breasts and butt on display simultaneously. Oh, and in the background to the left is a bisected robot, and nearly hidden off to the right are four more members of the JLA, three-fourths of which are male. But the focus of the page, the first thing your eyes go to when turning the page, are Wonder Woman's breasts.
How does this enhance the story? Lex Luthor is pulling off a very basic supervillain plan here, and he's not a character where you'd expect a BDSM-inspired damsel-in-distress plot, so the sexualization doesn't add anything to the scene. It's just a chance for the reader to get a quick thrill and the artist to sell the page for extra cash. Sex is the focus, rather than the danger. That saps all of the tension from the scene and fundamentally changes how the comic works.
T&A sells, and sells well, to a specific subset of comics fans. There's nothing wrong with that in and of itself, but the problem is when it becomes the point of a story where T&A isn't the point, and the actual act of reading a comic book becomes less fun than it should be.
Black Canary, Wonder Woman, and Vixen are three of the more powerful and significant women in the DC Universe, and the difference in their captivity and those of their friends is stunning. Batman has been tied all the way up, including heavy chains, despite being a normal human being. Green Lantern, Hawkgirl, and Red Arrow are strapped to chairs and presumably being tortured, judging by the looks on their faces. But our three heros here... look at how they're restrained. They aren't being tortured. They're being displayed. And what does it say about this type of cape comic when the thought of heros being tortured (i.e. treated just like the rest of their fellow heroes), is a more pleasant one than how they're depicted here?
On the other end of the spectrum, we have Benes's polar opposite, Cliff Chiang, who is currently the primary artist on Wonder Woman . While Benes is best-known for delivering art similar to Jim Lee's style but with poutier lips and fuller proportions, Chiang has made their name on books that feature very down-to-earth settings, or extraordinary settings approached in ordinary ways. Their work on Doctor 13 wasn't so far from their work on Human Target -- both series used Chiang's eye for fashion and detail to great effect, and the acting in their art is second to none.
It's impossible to find a 1:1 comparison of Chiang and Benes's Wonder Women, but the first issue of the new Wonder Woman featured a scene that would have been very different under Benes's pencil. Zola, a young woman in danger, appears in Wonder Woman's bedroom. Wonder Woman wakes up, finds out what's going on, and then puts on their costume. Zola is wearing a long-sleeved shirt, a tank top, and their panties. Wonder Woman sleeps nude and is nude until they put their costume on, a detail that suits their character and is presented very matter-of-factly.
As far as chances for cheesecake go, this is prime material. Both ladies are naked or near-naked, no one's going to wear any pants any time soon, and it's a dark night. Start your fanfiction engines... now. But these four non-consecutive panels do a pretty good job of showing the difference between over-sexualization and good comics art.
Chiang had every chance to go cheesecake with this scene, and they didn't. Instead, they chose to focus on telling a story. The scene is four pages long, and there's nothing as absurd as the restrained heros in Benes's spread; the nudity is done in a way that never adds a sleazy layer of exploitation slime to the proceedings, because it isn't the focus. The panels lose some of their impact when viewed individually, but together, they paint a scene that's full of both tension and a wry sense of humor. Diana is naked, but that isn't the point. It's simply a building block for a scene, one brush stroke in the picture that is Wonder Woman #1.
The difference between Chiang's pages and Benes's bothers me every single time. Chiang understands that sexualization has a time and place, and that time is not when you're trying to tell a serious story with serious stakes. There's a certain level of titillation inherent in a naked Wonder Woman, but it never tips over that edge and becomes the primary focus. There's an intention to the nudity Chiang draws that is based in character, while the only point of Benes's cheesecake is to get your rocks off. One-page stops a comic dead. The other gets you reading faster and faster because it builds a story up.
Cape comics exist to tell stories. There are a variety of stories they can tell, from mysteries to sci-fi to cheesecake to drama to existential examinations. The problem is when the streams cross to detrimental effect. In certain proportions, mixing those stories is fascinating. It's when things get out of proportion, when things turn grotesque, that the entire enterprise begins to fall apart.
Nobody wants to read a murder mystery where the ending is a space alien drops out of the sky and zaps everyone into being a good guy, or a comic about existential terror that ends with Superman punching the terror away. Those situations sound ridiculous -- just as ridiculous as a big fat overbearing slice of cheesecake in what should be a normal adventure comic.
Jessica Alba 'Club Campari' 2009 Calendar (PHOTOS)
The 10th anniversary edition of the Campari Calendar features actor. They will appear at a special invitation only event in Milan, Italy tonight and will walk the red carpet with a host of other celebrities.
The 27 year old mother was photographed by the famed photographer Mario Testino. The artwork was shot over several days in Malibu, with a theme of 'Club Campari'.
The Campari Calendar is a limited edition of only 9,999 copies that are distributed internationally. It is rapidly becoming one of the world's iconic artistic calendars. The subject of the 2008 calendar was Eva Mendes and the 2007 pick was Salma Hayek.
Alba, married to actor Cash Warren, gave birth to a daughter, Honor Marie Warren in June. They remarked that the photo shoot allowed them to play out "this sort of bombshell". The pics captured the gorgeous Alba in swimsuits and evening wear.
Check out our photo gallery below.
Eva Mendes 2008 Calendar pics
Unemployment was 4.5 percent, down from February's 4.7 percent. | AP Photo Economy created 98,000 jobs in March
The economy added 98,000 jobs in March, postponing fulfillment of President Donald Trump's pledge to put Americans back to work.
March's jobs numbers were a substantial decrease from February, when the economy added 219,000 jobs. Unemployment was 4.5 percent, down from February's 4.7 percent. Average private sector earnings were up 2.7 percent over the previous year. In February, they were up 2.8 percent over the previous year.
Story Continued Below
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had predicted the creation of about 175,000 jobs and an unemployment rate of 4.7 percent. The payroll company ADP estimated Wednesday based on its own records that March job growth in the private sector was 263,000.
The jobs report is bad news for Trump as they struggle to recover from the defeat of Obamacare repeal, multiple brewing investigations into their presidential campaign's contacts with Russia and reports of debilitating rivalries among White House staff and in the agencies. Trump's approval rating stands at about 40 percent, according to a poll average calculated daily by FiveThirtyEight.com. That's lower than for any other president at this stage, going back to President Harry Truman.
The weak job-growth figure may be a sign that employers, taking note of these stumbles, hesitate to expand hiring until they get a clearer signal that Trump can deliver promised tax cuts, deregulation and their $1 trillion infrastructure program.
Both Republicans and Democrats acknowledged that March's jobs report was disappointing. House Ways and Means Chair Kevin Brady (R-Texas) said “it's clear there is a lot of work to do to strengthen our economy." They added that improving economic growth "starts with overhauling our uncompetitive tax code" and pledged to work with Trump on tax reform.
Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), ranking member of the Joint Economic Committee, said Friday's jobs numbers "show there are still challenges ahead that this administration must address." They recommended that Trump and Republicans "focus on job creation and raising wages."
But the Trump administration did not appear worried. White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told Fox Business Network's Varney & Co. that "there's an awful lot of good news in here" and pointed to the drop in unemployment. Cohn acknowledged that the White House "would've liked to see more jobs created," but said "this is just one month."
The Federal Reserve may yet slow job growth still further. According to minutes from the Federal Open Market Committee's March meeting, the Federal Reserve expects to start shrinking its balance sheet this year. "Provided that the economy continued to perform about as expected, most participants anticipated that gradual increases in the federal funds rate would continue and judged that a change to the Committee's reinvestment policy would likely be appropriate later this year,” the minutes said. Further rate hikes will likely slow economic growth.
Sign up for Morning Trade A speed read on global trade news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Friday's jobs report took some analysts by surprise. "What a number," Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at ThinkMarkets told CNBC. "This makes your jaw drop."
But Elise Gould, senior economist at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, said March's disappointing jobs numbers were "likely a blip in an otherwise solid report." They attributed the deceleration "in part to seasonal adjustments not capturing the early March winter storms and a mild pullback after February's strength and unusually mild weather." Gould noted that while the unemployment rate declined, the Federal Reserve should refrain from further raising interest rates until the economy reaches full employment.
The jobs report followed news from the Commerce Department last week that GDP increased 2.1 percent during the fourth quarter of 2016. That was lower than the third quarter's 3.5 percent but higher than the second quarter's 1.4 percent and the first quarter's 0.8 percent. For the year, GDP increased 1.6 percent, down from 2.6 percent in 2015 and 2.4 percent in 2014. The Commerce Department's first cut at estimating first quarter growth will be released April 28.
Labor force participation remained low at 63 percent, unchanged from February and close to its lowest level since the 1970's.
This article tagged under: Jobs
Jobs Report
It's that time again, release time! In this period it seems very easy to round some edges and push up things.
And this because of the great contribution people are giving us via patches, comments (also on this blog), bug reports… I cannot remember a release where I coded myself so little and checked patches and suggestions so much 🙂
The result is this rekonq 2.2 release!
So, what's new in rekonq 2.2?
Adblock Improvements
Well, adblock coding is really not fun. But given some nice visible results, everything start to seem better.
So, let's see the differences:
This easy test can be found here . These guys really had a nice idea about testing their product. I just took advantage from.
Closed tabs page
Yes, it's back! I had to fix code due to our internal API change for the 2.x series. But everyone now should have this nice feature back. I know it was one of the most requested feature. You probably may get used to 🙂
Now you have it!
Nepomuk2 support
You may know that rekonq stores info about bookmarks (NOT the bk itself!) in nepomuk. If you have kde 4.10 installed (minimum requirement for this optional feature) you can click on the star urlbar icon and edit them. Unfortunately this costed us nepomuk1 support. We really cannot support 2 nepomuk versions. I'm sorry if you are having problems cause of this.
Boomarks menu
This is another strong request from rekonq users gone back. You have the same bk menu in the general tools menu and as an action(menu) to append to your urlbar. Maybe you need a screenshot to understand my ramblings 🙂
Minor improvements
We had work and clean ups in various areas. KGet support has been improved letting it decide the destination folder. Lindsay cleaned up our spell checker trying to let it be faster and less intrusive. She, Michael, Pali, Dimitrios provided patches for a lot of small things they would fix and improve.
This resulted in more than 20 real bugs resolved.
So, long story short. Upgrade to 2.2! And enjoy…
PS: Given we have some more “minor” features to code & push in master, I planned a 2.3 for next month. Hope you won't be disappointed 😉
Advertisements
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tory election candidate is a shareholder in their husband's tax avoidance firm, the Mirror can reveal
Hannah David owns a 25% stake in HBFS Wealth Management, which specialises in helping wealthy people use tax laws to pay less inheritance tax using tax havens.
Them husband Freddy David owns the majority 75% of HBFS Financial Services Ltd and the company's website says they deal with "more complex and high value investment portfolios, with diverse and high profile clientele, especially offshore".
Mrs David is a director of the Conservative Policy Forum and the Tory candidate for Harrow West, the 19th seat on the Tory target list where Labour had a majority of just 2,208 or 5% in 2015.
The Tory manifesto says: "We will legislate for tougher regulation of tax advisory firms. We will take a more proactive approach to transparency and misuse of trusts."
Mrs David told the Mirror: "This is my husband's company - which is fully regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority."
But tax campaigning chartered accountant Professor Richard Murphy, from the University of London, said: "An MP's job is to make sure the country is governed properly.
"Hannah David's family company reveals a deeply antagonistic attitude towards tax and goes out of its way to promote tax haven products.
"I can't see how this is compatible with being an MP in 2017."
HBFS specialises in helping wealthy people slash their inheritance tax bills, stating: "Don't let the taxman be your major beneficiary.
"If you're careless about your financial arrangements, your Estate (and therefore your beneficiaries) could be hit by a major Inheritance Tax bill. Yet Inheritance Tax can be significantly reduced with the right long-term planning."
HBFS helps clients set up a so-called "Discounted Gift Trust", stating: "Pay attention. Or pay the taxman."
These trusts "work together with offshore wrappers" and "allows the gifting of a lump sum into a trust whilst retaining a life-long income from that money".
HBFS tells clients that they can use "offshore wrappers" to "put off the taxman (with the taxman's blessing)" and states they are "excellent tax-planning vehicle for medium to long term investments".
Property lawyer Hannah David failed to win the Harrow West seat in 2015 but is trying again in June.
They have three children, is a former Tory councillor and says they have been a party activist for more than 20 years.
Washington (CNN) Senate Republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace President Barack Obama's landmark healthcare law early Thursday morning, approving a budget blueprint that they've dubbed the Obamacare "repeal resolution."
The Senate voted 51-48 along party lines for the measure, which relies on the same budget process used seven years ago to approve the landmark healthcare law to now attempt to dismantle it.
"This resolution will set the stage for true legislative relief from Obamacare that Americans have long demanded while ensuring a stable transition," Senate Budget Chairman Mike Enzi of Wyoming said, just after 1 a.m. "The Obamacare bridge is collapsing and we're sending in a rescue team."
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, one of the most vocal GOP opponents of voting on a repeal bill before coming up with a replacement package, voted against the budget resolution and California Sen. Dianne Feinstein was absent.
Senators were bleary-eyed as they walked quickly to the exits, wrapping up the final vote a little before 1:30 a.m. ET.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, the top Democrat who led the late-night fight against a repeal, said the protest could be a sign of things to come as the fight stretches on.
"I think it's important for this country to know this was not a usual thing, this is a day which lays the groundwork for 30 million people to be thrown off their health insurance," Sanders said. "And if that happens, many of these people will die."
JUST WATCHED How Sanders plans to deal with Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How Sanders plans to deal with Obamacare 02:30
"We wanted to say no matter how late, we're going to stay and fight and represent our constituents -- there are so many constituencies who will be hurt by this repeal without a replacement," said New York Sen. Chuck Schumer.
Democratic senators registered a somewhat subtle, but significant protest in the Senate as they cast their votes -- declaring why they were voting against the repeal, a rare move that rankled Republicans in the chamber.
The House is expected take a swift vote on the resolution, possibly as early as Friday, which will trigger congressional committees to begin crafting a second bill that would roll back major parts of Obamacare. Though it will be weeks before Congress votes on that bill, Thursday still marked a victory for the Republican Party as it moves toward overhauling the country's healthcare system.
President-elect Donald Trump congratulated the Senate for its actions Thursday.
"Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!" they tweeted.
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017
"Vote-a-rama"
Before Thursday's vote, a political spectacle known as "vote-a-rama" unfolded on the Senate floor.
The largely symbolic exercise -- which began Wednesday evening and stretched into wee hours of Thursday -- was ripe for theater. However, the tone was largely subdued, missing some of the fire of voting marathons in previous years.
Democrats still used the late-night drill to publicly defend the Affordable Care Act and chastise their colleagues across the aisle for starting the process of overhauling a law that gives health insurance to some 20 million Americans. Republicans, meanwhile, stressed the harmful impact of the law and the urgent need to do away with it.
Senators introduced more than 160 amendments to the budget resolution, which led to a marathon session of impassioned speeches and roll call votes. Although these votes were non-binding and the budget resolution doesn't require the president's signature, the process helped crystallize the Democratic Party's top priorities as it looks to defend the major pillars of Obamacare.
JUST WATCHED Years of President Obama defending Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Years of President Obama defending Obamacare 02:00
The most important amendments for Democrats were aimed at preserving what they argue are popular provisions of Obamacare.
Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin pressed a measure to allow young adults to stay on their parents insurance until age 26. "It will block Republican efforts that would weaken dependent coverage," Baldwin said in a brief but forceful floor speech before the vote.
But Republicans -- many of whom have expressed interest in maintaining the provision when they eventually replace Obamacare -- nevertheless blocked the Baldwin amendment, arguing it wasn't applicable to the underlying budget resolution.
Democrats also sought to protect measures dealing with pre-existing conditions and reproductive healthcare services for women.
Divided but some common ground
At times, the evening also showed that Republicans and Democrats share some common goals -- even if the two political parties are bitterly divided on the merits of Obamacare.
Earlier in the night, West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, a moderate Democrat who has called on Republicans to work in a bipartisan fashion on repealing and replacing Obamacare, emphasized the importance of preserving coverage for patients in rural areas.
No matter what happens to Obamacare, Manchin said: "We are going to make sure that we protect our rural hospitals and rural clinics."
But on the same topic, Republican Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming argued that it was because of Obamacare that rural hospitals have shuttered.
"For people in small towns -- the closures that we've already experienced, these closures have had a devastating impact," Barrasso said.
Trump has ratcheted up the pressure this week, calling on their party to act as quickly as possible. Perhaps more significantly, Trump is adamant that Republicans vote on repealing and replacing Obamacare more or less at the same time. This is a significant divergence from the party's initial thinking that it would first vote on repeal before considering replacement options.
Trump's plan
In a news conference on Wednesday, Trump told reporters that a plan will be unveiled soon after their nominee for Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, is confirmed. A Georgia member of congress, Price is an ardent Obamacare critic and has previously introduced detailed legislation to repeal and replace the law.
JUST WATCHED Trump's HHS pick hates Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump's HHS pick hates Obamacare 01:51
"We're going to be submitting -- as soon as our secretary's approved, almost simultaneously, shortly thereafter, a plan. It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially simultaneously," Trump said. "Probably the same day, could be the same hour."
Trump appeared to be suggesting that the plan would come from their administration, but a transition spokesperson told CNN that they couldn't confirm whether that was Trump's intention.
Even as Republicans advanced the plan to roll back Obamacare, plans to replace were still being formulated. To that end, a small group of relatively moderate Republican senators -- including Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker and Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski -- initially pushed a change that would give senators until March to develop a plan to replace Obamacare. But the senators dropped that push as it became clear Wednesday that Republican leaders were moving toward replacing Obamacare as they repeal it.
Vice President-elect Mike Pence met with senators at the Capitol Wednesday. As they exited their meeting with Pence, Manchin said that the incoming VP promised a draft replacement for Obamacare would be available in 30-60 days.
Republicans on the Hill do not yet have a plan for replacing Obamacare, and are considering a series of possible legislative paths to replace what they vote to repeal.
It's also not clear that one comprehensive "replacement" bill will ultimately emerge from GOP lawmakers -- in fact, senior leaders are currently weighing the option of incremental replacement bills.
For example, they are exploring whether replacement measures could be inserted into the "repeal" reconciliation bill, which Republicans hope to vote on by late February or March. Leaders are also looking into whether any replacement or healthcare reform measures could be inserted into reauthorization bills that Congress is expected to take up later this year.
Since we're apparently going to simply ignore the warnings of everyone from Stephen Hawking to the writers of the Terminator films and just embrace the advent of Artificial Intelligence, why not jump into it whole hog? There were a couple of bits of news which popped up this week which should give you a peek at what's to come. Since most people who arrive at this site are interested in politics and government, you'll probably be thrilled to learn that you no longer have to wait around for nine old people in black robes to vote on the pressing issues of the day at the Supreme Court. Why bother with all of that when there's an AI program which will tell you how the various justices will vote in advance? (Science Magazine)
A new study shows that computers can do a better job than experts at predicting Supreme Court decisions, even with less information… The new study draws on a much richer set of data to predict the behavior of any set of justices at any time. Researchers used the Supreme Court Database, which contains information on cases dating back to 1791, to build a general algorithm for predicting any justice's vote at any time. They drew on 16 features of each vote, including the justice, the term, the issue, and the court of origin. Researchers also added other factors, such as whether oral arguments were heard. For each year from 1816 to 2015, the team created a machine-learning statistical model called a random forest. It looked at all prior years and found associations between case features and decision outcomes.
Okay, so it's not 100% foolproof but it's apparently better than humans. The report claims that a survey showed human legal experts only managed an accuracy rate of just over 60% when it comes to predicting SCOTUS decisions. (Come on, guys… we could flip a coin and come close to that.) The new computer algorithm is doing better than 70%. But if you follow the court closely as an armchair analyst, couldn't you do nearly as well? Particularly when it comes to hot button social issues, you already know how eight of the nine justices will vote the majority of the time. If it weren't for Anthony Kennedy you could probably score in the 90s.
So what's next? Here's a thought… rather than employing robots to predict what the court will do on any given case, what say we replace the actual justices with AI robots? Cut out the middle man (or middle woman as the case may be) and just automate the process. We're supposed to be cutting back on staffing to save money anyway and the robots will work for free while processing a lot more cases.
Forward thinking such as this is clearly cause for celebration, but what will you wear to the party? Never fear. The era of smart computers can handle that for you as well. It's not exactly Artificial Intelligence by definition yet, but Emily Dreyfuss at Wired informs us that Amazon has introduced an Alexa enabled camera which will evaluate the clothes you've picked out for the evening and tell you whether it's a hit or a miss.
Amazon just introduced the Echo Look, a $199 Alexa-enabled camera that does everything Amazon's original voice assistant can do, plus judge your outfits to help you decide what to wear. Think of it as Amazon's version of Cher's computerized closet in Clueless. It can catalogue your clothes, suggests outfits, and help you choose one of two looks with its “Style Check” feature. You can create a style Lookbook, which of course allows the world's largest online retailer to recommend clothing you might want to buy. This clearly raises all kinds of privacy concerns—do you really want Amazon knowing when you've gained a little weight? Imagine what else it can infer from that? And what else is that camera recording, anyway?—but the psychological repercussions of allowing a computer to judge you are no less troubling.
Science can do a lot of things, from turning chickens into dinosaurs to mixing Mentos with Diet Coke, but… fashion? As the author points out, this entire project is predicated on the idea that there is some sort of quantifiable “right or wrong” when it comes to fashion. The problem is, some human(s) had to tell the program which was which originally. Don't get me wrong… there are plenty of “wrongs” out there when it comes to fashion, particularly in the areas of steam punk and hats at protest marches designed to look like genitalia. But that's just “wrong” for me. If it works for you I really don't get a vote in the matter.
But now Alexa does. And they speak with the authority of the brains behind the electronic devices which run the lives of younger Americans. If you're not frightened yet you should be. But it also offers the opportunity for some great fun if you happen to be an advanced hacker. Give me five minutes with the fashion parameters in that program and we'll have some party photos which will keep us overflowing with blog content for years to come.
Responders with the Atlantic Large Whale Disentanglement Network work to remove entangling gear from whales when it is determined to be life threatening. The Network operates under federal authority. (NOAA Fisheries)
A massive blue whale has been entangled and in distress off the southern coast of California since at least last weekend. Rescuers made an attempt to free the majestic marine mammal earlier this week that ended in failure. It was the first effort that had ever been made to disentangle a blue whale — the largest animal on Earth.
Fisheries experts at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration think the whale got caught in a crab trap line farther up the coast in Northern California and was unable to free itself. The whale was spotted off the coast of San Diego over the weekend, and by Monday had made the 65-mile trek back north to the Orange County coastline.
It was located by a whale-watching company off the coast of Dana Point, Calif., on Monday morning. But as the rescue team tried to get close, it became more and more agitated.
“The whale got disturbed and began diving for longer periods,” said Michael Milstein, a spokesperson for NOAA, in a phone interview. NOAA attempted to attach a telemetry buoy to the gear that was attached to the whale so that if they lost the animal, they could continue to track it. Unfortunately that endeavor also failed.
“Essentially it was dusk, and night was coming, and the whale was becoming harder to follow,” Milstein said.
This process was made all the more difficult by the creature's size. Blue whales can grow to about 100 feet long and can weight as much as 135 tons. The whale's tongue alone can weigh over two tons.
Milstein said that the rope is certainly causing the animal severe pain. “The whale is essentially towing both the line and the [crab] trap attached to it,” they said. “It's constant pressure. It's wrapped around the head in some way, and depending on how its entangled it's cutting into the whale's flesh and blubber.”
NOAA collected this underwater video using a GoPro camera when the team reached the blue whale on Monday. “You can see the line is coming down both sides of the animal and it's going over the tail,” said Justin Greenman, the assistant stranding coordinator with NOAA Fisheries. “One line is going straight down, so that line is attached to the crab pot.”
“It's a couple hundred-pound pot,” Greenman added.
Video recorded underwater on June 27 shows the tail of an 80-foot blue whale that's entangled in commercial crab traps and lines in the waters of off Dana Point, about 50 miles south of Los Angeles. (NOAA Fisheries)
Greenman was not on the team that attempted this rescue, but they often lead teams on similar disentanglement efforts. They said that entanglements that involve the mouth are difficult for the team and for the animal. As they watched the video of the rescue effort, they could tell it was a challenge.
“The line was interacting with the mouth and the head,” Greenman said, “and then you have to come up alongside a very large and very confused animal. You're putting a knife next to its face and they can see it with their eyes.”
The NOAA team eventually pulled the gear up so they could make a cut, which is when they decided to remove the telemetry equipment — a buoy that costs “several thousand dollars,” according to Greenman.
“The attempt was to remove the telemetry buoy for a time, make the cut, and then reattach the telemetry,” Greenman said. “But then, unfortunately, the animal became restless and didn't want to cooperate.”
Monday was the first attempt ever made to rescue a blue whale, according to NOAA. In September 2015, an entangled blue whale was spotted, but rescuers were not able to make an attempt.
“This is the first blue whale that we've really gotten close enough to to actually attempt to disentangle it,” Milstein said.
Blue whales have been seen in this area, but they are not the most common type of whale off the California coast. Humpback and gray whales are the most common whales that are reported entangled to NOAA, of which there were 61 in 2015. Milstein said there has definitely been an uptick in entanglement reports, but it could be for a few reasons. People are becoming more aware of the effort and might be reporting more frequently. Whale populations in the Pacific have also grown after coming under protection by the Endangered Species Act.
There's another reason NOAA thinks things are changing, though. “Ocean conditions have been rather unusual in recent years,” Milstein said. “The water has been unusually warm, and it seems to be causing shifts in the prey of many of these animals. It may, in fact, be leading them into the shore to feed.”
The closer to the shore they get, the more likely they are to encounter things like crab pots and fishing lines. So far in 2016, 40 entanglements have been reported.
NOAA is relying on the marine community — boaters, whale watching companies, the Coast Guard— to contact them if the blue whale, or any other entangled whale, is spotted. NOAA asks that you call 877-SOS-WHAL (877-767-9425) or radio the Coast Guard, and stay with the animal at a safe distance.
“The public has always offered support for our work, and while we appreciate concern, we want people to know that we have a trained group of folks that work on these teams,” Greenman said.
As a part of that training, these expert rescuers do not enter the water, and NOAA asks that no one else enter the water near an entangled whale, either.
“The most important thing you can do is report,” Greenman said. “The people who report are the real heroes, because we never would have been able to find it. It's really a huge help.”
Francisco Olvera says all they did was take a cop's photo with their cell phone. And for that, they claim, they were thrown into the back of a police car, handcuffed at the police station, made the butt of racist jokes by officers, and jailed on false charges.
Olvera, of Sealy, a small town of about 6,000 souls about 50 miles from Houston, is now suing that city, its police chief and the arresting officer in federal court.
As first reported by Courthouse News Service, Olvera says they were at home working on a project out on their patio last October when they turned on some music using their 4-inch computer speakers. Soon after, they jumped in the car to get supplies at a hardware store, but when they returned, a cop appeared on their patio, allegedly there to check-out a complaint about the music.
Above-normal temperatures over much of central Europe during the first week of August 2013. (NOAA/ESRL)
For many in the eastern and central U.S., the summer of 2013 has felt temperate – if not cool – after record heat in recent years. Those wondering where it's been hot this summer need only look across the Atlantic.
Much of Europe sweated through its hottest July since 2006, and a resurgence of heat this week pushed temperatures up to 40°C (104°F) in Austria, Hungary, and Poland.
Austria set a new national high temperature record Thursday when the mercury climbed to 40.5°C (104.9°F) in Bad Deutsch-Altenburg, a town near the Slovakian border. The Austrian meteorological service ZAMG reports two other locations recorded readings at or above 40°C on August 8, making it the first time the country has ever eclipsed the 40°C mark since daily records began in 1858.
Initial reports had suggested an even higher temperature of 40.6°C (105.1°F) recorded at Neusiedl am See, but ZAMG declared it invalid after finding inconsistencies in the reading.
Just last week, Austria had recorded a new all-time high of 39.9°C (103.8°F) in Dellach, Carinthia on August 3. Prior to 2013, the country's old high temperature record was 39.7°C (103.4°F) set in the same location on July 27, 1983.
Alongside the national record, Thursday broke several provincial high temperature records throughout Austria, including 39.5°C (103.1°F) in Vienna. It was the warmest temperature ever recorded in the Austrian capital, and broke the city's previous all-time high of 38.9°C (102°F) from July 8, 1957. This week's heat comes after numerous heat records were shattered last month, which was Austria's second warmest July on record.
Warsaw zoo attendant Piotr Trochim sprays a rhinoceros with water to help it fight rare, extreme heat reaching 38 degrees Celsius (100.4 Fahrenheit) in Warsaw, Poland, on Thursday, Aug. 8, 2013, the year's hottest day in Poland. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
Extreme heat has also gripped neighboring countries, stretching from Poland and the Czech Republic southward into the Balkans.
In Budapest, the thermometer fell shy of the 40°C mark, but may have still broken its all-time heat record of 39.4°C, writes Christopher Burt from Wunderground. And farther south, Slovenia also broke its national high temperature record, as well as an all-time high in the capital, Ljubljana. The city reportedly broke its old heat record five times in the same week, as a maximum of 40.2°C (104.4°F) replaced the old record of 38.0°C (100.4°F) from 1935.
Western Europe: Less hot but July near warmest on record
While the epicenter of Europe's heat wave has been centered on Austria and Hungary, very warm weather also dominated the second half of July in Germany, France, and the UK.
People sit in loungers on a landing stage at the Alster in Hamburg, Germany, 04 August 2013. (AP Photo/Christian Charisius)
In Germany, late July brought widespread temperatures above 30°C (86°F), with the hottest regions eclipsing 35°C (95°F) in Bavaria and the northern Alps. Though temperatures fell shy of all-time records, last month was Germany's 6th warmest July since records began. Only five other Julys were hotter: 2006, 1994, 1983, 2010, and 1995.
Closer to the Atlantic, both France and the UK recorded their 3rd warmest July on record, with temperatures averaging about 2°C above the 1981-2010 normal. Only 2006 and 1983 were hotter – though unlike central Europe, neither country set any new July temperature records. (The French weather service offers a nice visual comparison of how last month's heat wave compared historically in both intensity and duration, viewable here.)
Why so hot?
Height anomalies at the 500 mb level illustrating above-normal pressure in Europe since early July 2013. (NOAA/ESRL)
While Europe has seen intermittent breaks from the heat this summer, the latter half of July saw a repeated southwesterly flow of warm, Saharan air push as far north as Scandinavia. Higher than normal pressure and unusually sunny skies boosted temperatures more than 20 degrees (F) above normal in many locations.
Considering average high temperatures in many European capitals peak between 74-80 degrees (F) during the warmest part of summer, the recent records are especially impressive.
After a wet spring, high soil moisture also helped raise humidity levels to uncomfortable levels. Relatively high dew points brought a number of “tropical nights,” a term many European weather agencies used to describe overnight low temperatures 20°C (68°F) or higher. Inadequate nighttime cooling has been a major source of discomfort, given limited use of air-conditioning across the continent.
The sky over is illuminated by lightning near Goerlitz, Germany, 04 August 2013. (AP Photo/Florian Gaertner)
For many European countries, the summer heat is the latest weather extreme of 2013, a year of unusual spring snowstorms, followed by record rainfall and severe flooding in early June. In late July, multiple tornadoes struck Italy, and severe thunderstorms pummeled through France.
Fortunately, the heat in central Europe is finally coming to an end this weekend. Earlier this week, a strong cold front triggered violent thunderstorms across Belgium (see video) and Germany, bringing hail and wind gusts up to 78 mph. The same cold front is edging eastward, and has knocked back temperatures some 10-20 degrees – closer to normal for the time of year.
With three weeks of meteorological summer remaining, a resurgence of heat looks unlikely. Yet as Germany and other European countries expect a long-term increase in the number of hot summer days, more heat records are likely to fall in the coming decades.
Jim Carrey's ex-girlfriend, Cathriona White, has been found dead after apparently committing suicide, TMZ reports.
TMZ reports that White's body was found by friends on Monday night, along with a note addressed to Carrey. The two reportedly had broken up on Sept. 24.
Law enforcement officials tell TMZ they believe White died from a drug overdose.
White and Carrey met in 2012 and have dated on and off since.
White's last Tweet was made the day of their alleged break-up.
Signing off Twitter, I hope I have been a light to my nearest and dearest. ✌🏼️❤️ to yo all — Cathriona white (@littleirishcat) September 24, 2015
Carrey told ET Online that they were “shocked” to hear about White's death.
“She was a truly kind and delicate Irish flower, too sensitive for this soil, to whom loving and being loved was all that sparkled,” they told ET in a statement. “My heart goes out to their family and friends and to everyone who loved and cared about them We have all been hit with a lightning bolt.”
Read more here.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Republicans are having themselves a Labor Day weekend meltdown after President Obama formally committed the US to participation in the Paris climate change agreement.
Video clip of President Obama:
https://youtu.be/TPEf1eXtaz0
The President said:
Now, just as I believe the Paris Agreement will ultimately prove to be a turning point for our planet, I believe that history will judge today's efforts as pivotal. For the agreement to enter into force, as has already been stated, 55 countries representing 55 percent of global emissions must formally join. Together, the U.S. and China represent about 40 percent of global emissions. So today, we are moving the world significantly closer to the goal that we have set.
We have a saying in America — that you need to put your money where your mouth is. And when it comes to combatting climate change, that's what we're doing, both the United States and China. We're leading by example. As the world's two largest economies and two largest emitters, our entrance into this agreement continues the momentum of Paris, and should give the rest of the world confidence –- whether developed or developing countries -– that a low-carbon future is where the world is heading.
The Republican reaction to President Obama achieving a historic agreement that could pave the way for more clean energy jobs in the US was to freak out.
The Heritage Foundation reacted by screaming power grab. Steven Groves, a senior research fellow at Heritage, said, “President Obama's decision today to ‘ratify' the Paris Agreement on climate change in conjunction with China is a shameful, unilateral power grab. The White House has long sought to call the Paris Agreement anything other than a ‘treaty' in order to avoid the Senate's advice and consent role under Article II of the Constitution. But let's be clear – the Paris Agreement is a treaty by every definition of the word and should be submitted to the Senate for its consideration. This action by the president is an intentional end-run around the American people and their elected representatives, done to advance an ineffective, expensive climate agreement. The U.S. should stay out of the Paris Agreement.”
Climate change denier Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-OK) said, “It's no wonder Americans will never support this deal, especially when our president promises unrealistic and economically harmful emission reductions of up to 28 percent that will send more jobs overseas and reduce our global competitiveness in the marketplace.”
It would have been nice to hear from the Republican presidential nominee on this issue, but Donald Trump has been busy posting tweets trying to spin the polls to make it look like they are winning the election.
When Republicans use the words the power grab in relation to President Obama it is a synonym for progress. Republicans oppose all progress. The practical outcome of their ideology is visible in the fact that not a single significant piece of legislation has been passed since they took control of both the House and Senate.
The Republican Party is not a party of ideas or legislation. Republicans are an anti-progress collective. President Obama committed to progress and a future that the Republican Party may have already lost.
The GOP freakout isn't about climate change or Obama. Republicans are freaking out because the country is passing them by, and they are being left behind.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Even though this is America, and even though it's 2015, somewhere a student newspaper is not fulfilling its core journalistic role of protecting students' dignity and well-being.
The scene? The University of California at San Diego, which has become like unto a beach-adjacent sun-drenched hell for feelings.
The issue? It's . . . it's not really clear. It has to do with the UC San Diego Guardian being mean. It's election season, and elections and other occasions for free choice are notorious abbatoirs of self-esteem. Apparently the Guardian printed an opinion piece accusing some students on some slates — including former student senator Colin King — of "cyber-bullying" in connection with the election. Now, Colin King is a champion of free speech. Just ask him! Last year when someone challenged the practice of student election slates endorsing each other, they offered a strident defense:
King compared disallowing slates from endorsing each other to an A.S. Council dictatorship. “We do not dictate the college councils for what they do,” King said. “I think that it's really irresponsible on our part if we make an overarching rule and dictate free speech.”
So. Naturally, Colin King supports the Guardian's right to run such opinion pieces. They understand that controversial issues are best resolved through a marketplace of ideas, and that the remedy for disagreement or hurt feelings is vigorous response speech.
No. Wait.
That's Bizarro-America Colin King. This is regular America. Here, Colin King has introduced a resolution for the UCSD Associated Students' April 15 meeting seeking to control or defund the Guardian.
You'll find Colin's resolution here. Though modest on a national scale — it's a proposal by one student, about one student paper — it's emblematic of a trend in modern college students. It's the Magna Carta of Me-Me-Me, the Ninty-Five Reasons You Shouldn't Be Able to Say That.
So:
WHEREAS, the UCSD Guardian has a history of publishing inaccuracies and slander; and
Colin, unless the Guardian has a town crier it publishes libel, not slander. You could have gotten that distinction from Wikipedia, but Wikipedia is probably also unsympathetic to your feelings.
WHEREAS, these inaccuracies and slander have rallied students against the Sun God Festival, have negatively affected students' well-beings, and have begun to negatively affect the campus climate; and
It's unclear whether "well-beings" means the well-being of multiple students, or whether each student has multiple well-beings, like chakras or something. The Sun God Festival is an annual event at UCSD against which one apparently ought not speak, or write.
WHEREAS, the Principles of Community state, “We affirm each individual's right to dignity and strive to maintain a climate of justice marked by mutual respect for each other;”2 and WHEREAS, the UCSD Guardian has explicitly denied students on our campus the right to dignity by releasing private and/or inaccurate statements about specific students on this campus, while including their names; and
The right to dignity means the media shouldn't write about you by name. Colin may or may not have borrowed this theory from revenge porn sociopath Craig Brittain.
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Associated Students of UCSD will not recognize the UCSD Guardian as the official student newspaper until a time that they are officially provided with a full-time staff advisor; and
Do you hear that Guardian? The Associated Students WILL NOT RECOGNIZE YOU. They will ROLL TO DISBELIEVE you. We, college students learning to be adults, demand that our student papers be SUPERVISED BY ADULTS.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Associated Students of UCSD encourages the Office of the Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs to stop subsidizing the UCSD Guardian with student fees until they accept the offer to have a full-time staff advisor; and
AND YOU SHOULDN'T GET FUNDING UNTIL YOU STOP BEING SO MEAN TO OUR DIGNITIES AND SHIT.
BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED, that the Associated Students of UCSD understands that this may seem drastic, but we hope that it will be resolved immediately and leave a lasting positive impact on print media on this campus.
AND ALL YOU OTHER PRINT MEDIA BETTER TAKE NOTICE OR WE'LL COME AFTER YOU, TOO.
Why is a petty gesture of attempted censorship notable? It's notable because it reflects a dangerous trend. Never doubt that the existence of Colin King and their ilk threaten not only the mild annoyance of the UC San Diego campus, but our rights. We rely on, as a society, on shared values. Those values include the rule of law and freedom of expression. Never doubt how crucial they are:
What do we mean when we say that first of all we seek liberty? I often wonder whether we do not rest our hopes too much upon constitutions, upon laws, and upon courts. These are false hopes; believe me, these are false hopes. Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it; no constitution, no law, no court can even do much to help it.
There will always be a few Colin Kings. But a society made up of them is doomed.
Edited to add: A source has provided me with an email Colin King sent to the UCSD ASA listserv:
Cha
"First of all, if the Guardian were to receive a full-time staff advisor, the "healthy check on ASUCSD's ability to collect and allocate student fee
dollars" would not be stifled, unless the Guardian decided to stop reporting on A.S. This resolution in no way silences student voices – the advisor role would just be there to also put a healthy check on the Guardian, making sure the Guardian fact-checks before publishing and they don't frame their stories in an inflammatory manner. If you look at our political system, for example, we have checks and balances. Similarly to how our government's form of checks and balances comes full circle, this form of student life should too (i.e. the Guardian checks A.S., A.S. checks the administration, and administration checks the Guardian)
Colin King thinks that "checks and balances" means the government has a check on the press.
Second Edit: Around an hour and a half after this went up, somebody circulated a revised resolution. This one corrects "slander" to "libel" and adds this paragraph:
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Associated Students of UCSD believe in freedom of speech and believe that an advisor would assist in integral tasks of journalism, thus enhancing the Guardian as a news source, and would not limit students freedom to print what they desire;
No censor ever fails to say "I believe in free speech." In fact, here's a useful rule of thumb: if you are proposing a law or a rule, and you feel moved to defend it by saying "I believe in free speech, but . . . ." you are probably a censor.
Third edit: Apparently this revision was circulated before my post.
Last 5 posts by Ken White
VIENNA, 4 August 2015 – OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media Dunja Mijatović today said the launch of a treason investigation in Germany against the owner and a reporter for a website could harm reporting in the public interest.
“The threat of being charged with treason has a clear general chilling effect on journalists engaged in investigative reporting,” Mijatović said in a letter to Frank-Walter Steinmeier, Minister for Foreign Affairs.
On 24 July, the Federal Prosecutor General wrote informing Netzpolitik.org owner and editor, Markus Beckedahl, and its journalist, André Meister, about the investigation into two articles published on 25 February and 15 April. The articles in question report on the government's plans regarding online surveillance programmes.
If convicted, Meister and Beckedahl could face imprisonment.
“I believe that in cases of possible violations of confidentiality or state secrets regulations, authorities should refrain from trailing the media whose job it is to investigate and report about issues of public importance,” Mijatović wrote.
“I note many reactions by civil society and several local and international NGOs including Reporter Ohne Grenzen, the Committee to Protect Journalists, the European Federation of Journalists, and Deutscher Journalisten Verband among others on this matter. I also note the announcement made by Prosecutor-General Harald Range to suspend the investigation,” they said. “I urge the authorities in Germany to look into the case and ensure that freedom of information and freedom of the media are respected, and hope the investigation is terminated.”
The Representative also welcomed a recent statement by Minister of Justice Heiko Maas saying the investigation may show a need to reform criminal law provisions on treason and protection of state secrets in relation to free media.
President Trump spent Christmas Eve touting tax reform and bashing “Fake News” — while U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders sounded off from the left in a holiday Twitter fight.
“The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don't let the Fake News convince you otherwise … and our insider Polls are strong!” Trump tweeted yesterday afternoon.
Earlier, the president grumbled, “The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well – nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”
They also got in a dig at a favorite target, the deputy FBI director.
“@FoxNews-FBI's Andrew McCabe, ‘in addition to their wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), they were using, allegedly, their FBI Official Email Account to promote their campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.' ”
Sanders, in a reference to the tax reform bill passed by Congress last week, sniped on Twitter:
“What we could do with $1.5 trillion:
-Make college tuition-free
-Provide universal preschool
-Repair our crumbling infrastructure
-Fund CHIP for 107 years
-Rebuild Puerto Rico
What Republicans did:
-Give tax breaks to the wealthy and corporations.”
Earlier, Sanders snarked, “At least Trump is finally telling the truth about their tax bill,” retweeting a CBS report, “ ‘You all just got a lot richer,' President Trump told friends dining at Mar-a-Lago Friday night, hours after signing tax overhaul into law.”
And Sanders added, referring to the upcoming midterm elections, “If I were the Republicans, I would worry very much about 2018.”
Trump had tweeted Saturday, “Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange – and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a ‘Trumper,' and they lost. Good Republican candidates will win BIG!”
Earlier, Trump crowed, “The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!”
What is CasinoCoin?
, abuilt for the online gaming industry, has relaunched under new direction.
The segment of the poker population that dabbles in cryptocurrency might be familiar with CasinoCoin. Probably not, though.
According to its website, “CasinoCoin is an open source, peer-to-peer cryptocurrency specifically designed for the regulated online gambling industry.”
The fallout from Black Friday made online gambling transactions difficult for Americans, in particular. CasinoCoin was a direct response to that, and it facilitates things like peer-to-peer transactions and exchanges across multiple platforms.
Dubbed “universal casino chips,” the currency launched in July 2013 with about 336 million coins in reserve. There was a nibble from the industry, including a CasinoCoin-specific poker site, but it's never really gained much traction.
Like the currency itself, the future of CasinoCoin is a little cryptic:
In mid-2017, CasinoCoin was taken over by a new team that is in the process of building features that are not only next generation in terms of value and functionality for the regulated gambling industry, but also features that will put CasinoCoin on the cutting edge of all cryptocurrency. Stay tuned!
New partnership with Double C Foundation
Recently, CasinoCoin announced its relaunch under the direction of its new team, the Double C Foundation. The aim, according to the press release, is to bring cryptocurrency gaming to a wider audience.
As part of a broader relaunch, the newly-established and non-profit Double C Foundation will promote adoption and best-use practices of CasinoCoin in regulated gambling markets, and help realise the continued optimal technological performance of the coin and its underlying blockchain.
The release also makes brief mention of some of the features in development, including built-in KYC (know your customer), anti-money laundering technology, and responsible gaming controls.
The new group is stacked
Although it's failed to gain broad appeal, the new team behind the message makes CasinoCoin worth a second look. The Double C Foundation is composed of some pretty smart folks.
Director of Advocacy John Caldwell is an industry veteran who's occupied executive roles at PokerNews and PokerStars .
is an industry veteran who's occupied executive roles at and . Technical Director Duncan Cameron has extensive experience with product management, including oversight of PokerStars' mobile app.
has extensive experience with product management, including oversight of PokerStars' mobile app. Andre Jochems and Matthew Spada have been involved since 2013, and they represent the developmental team for CasinoCoin.
Caldwell shared their vision in the relaunch announcement:
The only sustainable way forward for cryptocurrency in the gambling world is to work with regulators and operators from day one and focus on regulated markets. Our aim with CasinoCoin is to provide a currency and related technical tools that are designed and accessible for both operators and ordinary players in the regulated gambling industry.
The foundation aims to educate the industry on the benefits and best practices for cryptocurrency. It conducts conferences and webinars for organizations, asking only for reimbursement of travel costs.
The Double C Foundation is based in the Isle of Man.
14.9k SHARES Tweet Pinterest
Here are My Favorite Resources for Free Printable Graphics for Art Journals and Junk Journaling:
Any Sites You Love That I May Have Missed?
14.9k SHARES Tweet Pinterest
I love working with printable images and graphics in my art journals. I am by no means a fine artist at painting or drawing things realistically, but I love including images of objects and people in my journals. Today I thought I would share some sites where you can find free images you can use in your artwork.: I love Wikimedia Commons and a lot of the graphics I print out to use in my journals comes from there! I especially love the Pearson Scott Foresman collection which is entirely in the public domain, which means you are free to use it however you like without worrying about copyright issues.: This is another one of my go-to sites, especially when in a clip art type of mood, though they have plenty of other images as well. Best of all, everything is in the public domain and you can get items in vector format or png format in the print resolution you need. Dover Publications Free Samples: Dover is well known for their clip art and royalty free images they've been producing for years. If you're not on their mailing list yet to receive free samples, you'll want to be! I look forward to the email they send out every Friday. Poems, coloring pages, clip art…it's all high quality and great for using in your art journal pages.: This is another great site with a wide variety of images you can definitely use for personal use in your journals.: They have a great selection of all types of images for printing and very nicely organized for finding what you're looking for also!Love this site! They have so many great images and they are very nicely organized and easy to find.While mostly photographs, there are a lot of illustrations as well, and all of the images here are in the public domain, which means you can use them however you like without worrying about copyright infringement.Do you have any other favorite sites you'd like to share where you can find downloadable images and graphics for your art journal projects? I'd love to hear about them in the comments section below!
Hillary Wins Iowa!
Another crack in that glass ceiling and here's to many more firsts!
Congratulations to Hillary on their historic win in Iowa! Congratulations to Bernie as well for running such a spirited campaign in Iowa!
Yes, it was a very close and hard fought victory. But make no mistake about it, the dynamics of this race haven't changed. Realistically, the Sanders campaign needed an Iowa victory to change the narrative. A "virtual tie” wasn't good enough.
And as the Cook Political Report explained, in its realistic analysis of demographics and delegate math, future contests are not looking favorable for Sanders.
cookpolitical.com/…
::
Sanders demographic hurdle, after New Hampshire.
In poll after poll, Sanders's best group within the Democratic Party is liberal whites. Unfortunately for Sanders, Iowa and New Hampshire couldn't be much further on the extreme end of the party's demographic or ideological spectrum. According to our estimates, based on past exit polls and Census data, there is only one state where whites who self-identify as liberals make up a higher share of the Democratic primary electorate than Iowa and New Hampshire. You guessed it: Vermont. In fact, 98 percent of pledged Democratic delegates will come from states with lower shares of liberal whites than Iowa and New Hampshire. Just 447 of 4,051 pledged Democratic delegates - 11 percent - are tied to results in states or districts with higher shares of college-educated whites than New Hampshire. Moreover, just 13 percent of pledged Democratic delegates will be awarded in caucus states like Iowa, which as 2008 proved, tend to bring out more liberal participants than primaries.
In other words, if Sanders prevails narrowly in Iowa or New Hampshire, their support among liberal whites and in college towns - essentially Portlandia - would be entirely consistent with a scenario in which they also get clobbered by Clinton nationally.
::
And the Sanders delegate hurdle, after their Iowa loss.
The key takeaway from our model below: in order for Sanders to be "on track" to break even in pledged delegates nationally, they wouldn't just need to win Iowa and New Hampshire by a hair. They would need to win 70 percent of Iowa's delegates and 63 percent of New Hampshire's delegates. Early primary results can be misleading, but presidential primaries tend to follow clear patterns. In 2008, Super Tuesday produced a virtual tie for Democrats; Barack Obama edged Clinton 847 to 834 in delegates that day. But thanks to Obama's heavy backing from African-Americans and liberal whites, savvy number crunchers could discern that they were "on track" to build an insurmountable delegate lead in upcoming primaries like Maryland and Virginia. In other words, the race was already over. This time around, close finishes in Iowa and New Hampshire would be good news for Clinton.
Furthermore, even if Sanders did hit every delegate target on our scorecard below and won 50 percent of pledged delegates, they would be at a severe disadvantage heading into the Philadelphia convention because our model doesn't even take into account their severe superdelegate deficit.
::
If the Sanders campaign couldn't win Iowa and even after factoring in its predicted victory in New Hampshire next week, a more demographically diverse Democratic electorate will be the norm and just like their very close loss in Iowa, that's not good news for the Sanders campaign.
::
x @CharlesMBlow BS needed a big IA win.
SC HRC 64% BS 24%
NV HRC 50% BS 27%
NC HRC 59% BS 26%
FL HRC 62% BS 24%
OH HRC 53% BS 37% — Mike kramer (@MikesPencil) February 2, 2016
::
::
x BREAKING: Hillary Clinton wins Democratic caucuses in Iowa. — The Associated Press (@AP) February 2, 2016
::
Image caption Liam Fox says they believe David Cameron should lead the Tories at the next general election
Former Defence Secretary Liam Fox has urged the government to cut taxes in an effort to stimulate economic growth.
In an interview in the Times newspaper, Mr Fox called for capital gains tax to be suspended for three years.
They also said employment laws should be reformed to make it easier to hire and fire employees.
Although they want to see a change in economic policy, they said there was not a need for the Conservatives to change their leader.
Mr Fox resigned as defence secretary in October last year after questions were asked about their working relationship with their friend and self-styled adviser Adam Werritty.
Earlier this week Mr Fox helped to launch a new group, Conservative Voice, which aims to put forward "seriously ambitious" policies on tax, Europe, public services and political reform, as well as beefing up the Tories' campaigning skills.
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson says politicians are often united in calling on the government to do more to boost economic growth, but they are divided over just how to reinvigorate a sluggish economy.
Labour favours a temporary reduction in VAT and a slower pace of spending cuts, they say, and now, from the right wing of the Conservative Party, Mr Fox has a radical tax cut of their own in mind.
'Row together'
They want to see capital gains tax - a levy on the profits from asset sales - suspended for three years.
Mr Fox told the Times this would "ricochet around the world" - and signal that Britain was open for business.
Mr Fox said: "If we don't take some risks we'll not get growth and if we don't get growth, we'll not get re-election."
Our correspondent adds that Mr Fox's "salvo is also aimed at the Lib Dems, who have successfully argued for an increase in this very tax".
Mr Fox challenges the Tory side of the coalition too and says benefits for better-off pensioners, which David Cameron has pledged to protect, should not be sacrosanct.
They also stepped into the row over a third runway at Heathrow, accusing the government of "indecision" and warned of a revolt by Tory backbenchers if ministers seek to find a cheaper alternative to the replacement of Trident nuclear missiles and submarines.
'Defence, not aid'
Mr Fox also played down talk of a leadership plot against Mr Cameron, saying: "We are all going to have to realise that we need to row in together over the next few years as we need to deliver a majority Conservative government."
Meanwhile, a defence minister who lost their job in last week's reshuffle has urged Mr Cameron to reverse cuts to the defence budget and stop spending more on overseas aid.
Sir Gerald Howarth said they would like to see axed defence programmes revived when economic circumstances allowed.
They also contrasted the 7% cut in defence with the rise in financial support for international development.
"I have yet to meet a Conservative who thinks we should be spending more money on overseas aid," they told the BBC.
It's that time again. A new tax year is upon us.
I know you're still recovering from all things Christmas, holiday guests, New Year's Eve parties, celebrating your NFL team's success or bemoaning its total implosion (I'm talking to you, fellow Cowboys fans) and getting ready to head back to the office.
But it's also time to start thinking about taxes. You're in luck! That's exactly what we do in today's Tax Carnival #94: Happy Tax New Year 2012.
Since time flies so quickly (I mean really, where did 2011 go?), let's get started.
After some misteps Congress managed to keep the payroll tax in place, for a while at least. That was a popular topic for several of our Tax Carnivalistas.
Joe Kristan offers their thoughts on the payroll tax cut extension in Congress kicks the can for two more months. A preview from Joe: "In spite of the last-minute massaging to keep payroll systems from failing, it's still a dog's breakfast." It's posted at Tax Update Blog.
Kristine McKinley examines the moving parts that were part of the payroll tax battle in Congress Expected to Extend Payroll Tax Holiday into 2012, posted at Social Security Retirement Income.
Darwin also has some of the juicy details behind the latest payroll tax holiday in 2012 Social Security Tax Deal Explained, posted at Darwin's Money.
Another work related tax issue is employer provided health care. Since this new tax year is an election year, health care related tax issues are going to get a lot of attention.
Glen Craig notes that consumer driven health plans have the potential to create significant savings for both employers and employees. They discuss various plans, and their tax components, in What Are Consumer Driven Health Plans and How do They Work for You? It's posted at Free From Broke.
Tom Drake points out that "all these tax saving strategies can lead to a big refund come tax time. However, you need to keep in mind that a large tax refund means you gave the government an interest free loan throughout the year." To guard against that, Tom presents 5 Simple Tax Tips To Save You Money, posted at Canadian Finance Blog.
Adam reminds United Kingdom parents that a new product is available that offers them a tax-efficient way to save money for their children. Get details in Should You Get A Junior ISA? Junior ISA Explained, posted at Magical Penny.
Clint Cora offers a reminder about W8BEN Form For Canadians And Foreigners Who Work In The US. The details on how nonresidents can, as Clint says, "get some income in the US reduce withholding tax" is posted at Motivation Diversity Success Blog.
Boomer has a tip for investors: If the interest you are paying on your investment loan is tax deductible, then it's usually considered good debt, as is the equivalent of paying a lower rate of interest on the loan. Find out more in Is Your Investment Loan Tax Deductible? It's posted at Boomer & Echo.
Mike Piper also offers some investment tax thoughts in What are Muni Bonds? And Should I Own Any? "Municipal bonds offer interest that's free from federal income tax," says Mike, "But do these tax savings necessarily make them a good fit for you?" Find out at The Oblivious Investor.
Neal Frankle has info for older IRA owners: "If you own an IRA and you're approaching age 70 ½, you'll be forced one day soon to take an RMD. What is an RMD? It's a Required Mandatory Distribution, and it's one of the most important IRA rules there are. In other words, the government will force you to start taking money out of your IRA." Read all about it in What is an RMD?, posted at Wealth Pilgrim.
Super Saver continues on the retirement theme, noting that "as a retiree, I've learned that I have additional opportunities to minimize our tax responsibility." Details are shared in Strategies to Lower Federal Income Taxes in Retirement, posted at My Wealth Builder.
Bob notes that the tax code is a labyrinth when it comes to inherited IRA issues. They offer some guidance through the maze in The Tax Treatment of Inherited IRA Accounts, posted at ChristianPF.
Bruce looks into an issue that taxpayers of all ages could encounter: What if You Default on Your IRS Payment Plan? "Even though the new year is here we still need to maintain our payments to the IRS," says Bruce. "Many will skip this because Christmas took much of their finances." The details are posted at Iposted at The Missouri Taxguy.
Trish has some wise words about Expectations when selecting a tax professional to help you with your tax issues. It's posted at Our Taxing Times.
A couple of Tax Carnivalistas have some New Year tax words to the wise regarding things that might cause the IRS to take a longer look at your return.
Michael notes that deducting home office expenses sounds easy enough, but be very careful not to get "creative" unless you want an audit in your future. Details are at Think Twice before Deducting Home Office Expenses, posted at Begging To Retire.
Jason P. presents How to Protect Yourself from an IRS Audit. "If you ever find an audit notice in your mailbox, don't panic! With good tax records at your disposal, you can face the challenge head on," says Jason. It's posted at One Money Design.
Sunil points out that it's never too late to comply with tax law, even if you have to go back and request retroactive forms from previous years. Don't wait, especially when it comes to IRS Tax Form 1099 Reporting is Mandatory for Your Online Business. It's posted at The Extra Money Blog.
And what better way to get in the proper frame of mind for the upcoming filing season than by taking a look at the income tax's origin.
Greg presents How It All Began: Brief History of the Internal Revenue Service. It's posted at Online Tax Pros.
Brad discusses every buccaneer's favorite treasure in Avast, a look at the tax ramifications of selling gold. It's posted at Hall Albright Garrison & Associates.
Finally, in case the tax events of last year have already slipped your mind, we close with a couple of retrospectives.
Robert D Flach offers 2011 – Tax Year in Review, posted at The Wandering Tax Pro.
Joe Kristan returns via another blog, providing us The Year in Taxes: Sleepwalking Through 2011, posted at Going Concern.
And with that, we wrap up Tax Carnival #94: Happy New Tax Year 2012.
Thanks to all this month's contributors and to all y'all for reading.
Now that we're into the annual tax-filing season, the Tax Carnivals will resume its biweekly posting schedule. That means the 95th Tax Carnival will be here on Jan. 16 (yes, that's another Monday federal holiday).
Join us then as a reader or as part of the tax fun by sending your tax post (and tax-only items please; check the guidelines for details) to the Blog Carnival page.
If you have problems with the official form, you can use an alternate sumbission option at Blog Carnival HQ.
You also can send your tax item's link via Twitter (I'm @taxtweet; please hashtag it #TC95), post it on Don't Mess With Taxes' Facebook page, or email it to me at taxcarnival@gmail.com.
BALTIMORE (AP) - A Montgomery County police officer has been charged with perjury and workers' compensation fraud.
Gilbert Payne was charged Tuesday in Baltimore City Circuit Court.
The 40-year-old Payne didn't respond to a message seeking comment at their home Tuesday.
Maryland's state prosecutor's office says Payne left the Baltimore Police Department in 2007 on a full disability pension. They say they testified under oath in a 2008 workers' compensation hearing that they were unemployed and hadn't been employed since they retired from the department.
Prosecutors say, in fact, Payne was working as a Towson University police officer. As a result, prosecutors say Payne got more than $30,000 in workers' compensation payments.
State Prosecutor Emmet Davitt says Payne's actions are egregious because they were a police officer sworn to uphold the law.
Traders across the world are watching critical chart levels in the US Equity Indexes very closely… so let's take a look at these reference levels closely.
The S&P 500 and the 50d EMA:
In uptrending moves like these, we look to moving averages to provide support and set-up buy-in trades via retracements as price bounces up off rising EMAs.
Such was the case in November during the little sideways market correction that took price into a triple-bottom formation that resulted in a surge/breakout to the upside and continuation of the trend.
Had the market broken this 50d EMA at this point – pulsing under 1,180 – it would have changed the psychology of the market in that the market “lost” the support of the 50d EMA… but that wasn't the case.
We're now facing a similar “Will it Break or Will it Hold?” situation wherein we have a mini-three push into the critical 1,300 chart support level which – as of this writing – has held support.
Right now, the S&P 500 tested the 50d EMA at the 1,296 level and – again so far – has held critical support.
A breakdown under this level opens the pathway to test the January swing low near 1,275 so that would be the downside expected play.
A push under the 1,275 swing low opens the door to a feedback loop to the downside, wherein some buyers would be forced to liquidate (sell) and embattled short-sellers may try to put on new short-sell positions – both leading to downward pressure on price from a technical standpoint.
Anyway – the main idea is to watch three key chart points for structure:
The 50d EMA at 1,296
The “Round Number” Support at 1,300
The January Swing Low at 1,275
The picture – not surprisingly – is identical in the Dow Jones:
Without all the discussion above (what happens to the S&P 500 will happen to the Dow – whether the market holds support and rallies higher… or falls lower to test the January low then lower), the key reference levels to watch in the Dow Jones are the following:
The “Round Number” 12,000 Level
The rising 50d EMA at 11,972
The January Swing Low at 11,800
As you trade today's session – and into the coming days as well – keep these levels firmly in mind.
Corey Rosenbloom, CMT
Afraid to Trade.com
Follow Corey on Twitter: http://twitter.com/afraidtotrade
Corey's new book The Complete Trading Course (Wiley Finance) is now available!
Boston Economy Will Escape Big Freeze Of Historic Snowstorms
Enlarge this image toggle caption bettlebrox/Flickr bettlebrox/Flickr
Nearly 9 feet of snow has fallen on Boston this winter — most of it in February — closing workplaces for days and leaving commuters stranded.
"I've been working from home for the past couple of days because I can't get to work," says Christopher Clickner, an insurance agent. "It's been taking me an hour-and-a-half sitting here to try to catch a bus, and it just hasn't worked at all."
Much of the snow is still piled up, disrupting traffic and commerce, but the record storms are not expected to shrink the economy like the polar vortex did last year.
Bostonians might want to blame their weather woes on Patrick Renna, the CEO of a New England burrito chain called Boloco. Back in January, they were forecasting strong growth at company board meeting.
"I remember the chairperson asking me 'so Patrick, what's the biggest risk?' And I said 'weather ... but thankfully, we've been good so far,'" Renna says before laughing. "Then two weeks later started the 102-inch snowfall that we've received since then. So maybe I jinxed it."
Boloco's sales fell 20 percent last month. The company primarily serves people working in Boston office buildings, and half of Renna's stores were closed for days.
"In my 20 years of business, it was the worst restaurant month that I've ever been involved with," they say.
Collecting Garbage In Mounds Of Snow Collecting Garbage In Mounds Of Snow Download · 4:36 4:36
And unlike someone who waits until a snowstorm passes to buy a new fridge or new car they were going to buy anyway, those burrito sales are gone for good.
"You're not going to sell two lunches tomorrow to offset the lunch that you didn't sell today," says Michael Goodman, an economist at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth.
But while the office employees aren't coming in to work and grabbing a burrito for lunch, that doesn't mean their businesses are closed, too.
"I worked from my desk in my living room," says Amanda Schreyer, a lawyer for a snowbound downtown firm. "I have a laptop; I can connect remotely to my work system. It was really business as usual."
At their firm, Prince Lobel Tye, managing partner Craig Tateronis says billable hours were down 10 percent in February, but that he's not too stressed about it.
"We certainly understand why we have the result we do in February," they say. "But we also expect that we will get the productivity back." Tateronis says their lawyers and paralegals can make it up.
For many businesses, the slowdown was temporary, not permanent. That's the case for many companies affected by the snowstorms, says Doug Handler. He's the chief U.S. economist at the research firm IHS.
"We're lucky that Boston is, for the most part, a knowledge-intensive city," they say. "And actually the permanent economic loss because of that really isn't that significant."
By knowledge-intensive they mean financial services firms, universities and software companies — workplaces that don't produce physical products in a fixed location. Even when Handler's team came up with its estimate of the permanent economic loss from the snowstorm, they did it from the comfort of their homes.
"Depends on the time of day, but we start with hot chocolate for sure," they say.
The estimated permanent loss to the Massachusetts economy is more than $1 billion. It's not chump change. But annualized, that's just a percentage point off the regional output. And it's not a bad outcome, considering how much snow still covers the region.
9 Things You Didn't Know About The History Of Washington
Our state has had quite a fascinating history – from these world-changing inventions and notable firsts to all kinds of milestone events, the Northwest region has evolved significantly over the preceding years. Did you know about any of these lesser known facts from Washington's past?
1. When Mount St. Helens erupted, the ash clouds drifted east across the United States in 3 days and encircled the entire Earth in 15 days! Wikipedia On the afternoon of the eruption, the ash cloud was so dense that it turned the eastern side of our state dark enough for streetlights to turn on in Yakima and Ritzville! 2. Seattle's Great Fire in June 1889 was caused by a pot of glue from a cabinet shop that had burst into flames. Flickr / woodysaeroimages It completely destroyed nearly 64 acres downtown and several businesses. Because of this event, the streets now sit up to 22 feet above original levels, but you can still take a tour underground and explore the remains of the old city. 3. Washington was originally part of Oregon Territory from 1848 to 1853! Flickr / wsdot Before Washington became a state, the area was part of a region called the Columbia District, named after the Columbia River. Ironically, after granted statehood the name was changed so that it wouldn't be confused with the District of Columbia. 4. Spokane was the smallest city to ever hold the World's Fair in 1974! Flickr / savidgefamily Expo '74 was the first environmentally themed fair in which nearly 6 million people attended, including famous visitors like Bing Crosby, Wilt Chamberlain and Jimmy Carter! 5. In the early 1900s, Aberdeen was thought to be "the roughest town west of the Mississippi" because of excessive gambling, violence and drug use. Flickr / tigerzombie The old logging city was even off-limits to military personnel into the 1980s! 6. The Grand Coulee Dam was constructed during the Great Depression to help create thousands of new jobs and increase the production of electricity! Flickr / wsdot The gigantic concrete structure in Central Washington was constructed between 1933 and 1942 and originally had two power plants which both housed nine enormous generators. 7. During World War II, Washington was actually a main hub for war industries! Wikipedia / U.S. Air Force Boeing produced many of the nation's bombers and there were ports in Seattle, Bremerton, Vancouver and Tacoma that were available for the manufacture of warships. Seattle was also a main departure point by the Pacific for numerous soldiers! 8. Women in the Pacific Northwest were given the right to vote 10 years earlier than the rest of the country after passing a suffrage amendment in 1910! Flickr / kcivey Washington had nearly become the first state to grant women's suffrage in 1854, but the proposal had been defeated by a single vote! 9. The first settlement on Puget Sound was New Market, now known as Tumwater, in 1845! Flickr / jon_d_anderson Also called the end of the Oregon Trail or Cowlitz Trail, this city was home to the first group of permanent American settlers by Tumwater Falls, led by pioneer Michael T. Simmons!
Were you surprised by any of these? What are some other fun facts about the history of our state?
ENLARGE Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump pauses during a campaign rally in Altoona, Pa. on Aug. 12. Photo: Associated Press .
Aug. 14, 2016 6:18 p.m. ET 102 COMMENTS
. TWTR -1.21 % Donald Trump lashed out at the media on Sunday after more stories describing dysfunction inside their presidential campaign. “If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%,” Mr. Trump averred on Twitter
Mr. Trump is right that most of the media want them to lose, but then that was also true of George W. Bush , George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan. It's true of every Republican presidential nominee. The difference is that Mr. Trump has made it so easy for the media and their opponents.
The latest stories comport with what we also hear from sources close to the Trump campaign. Mr. Trump's advisers and their family want the candidate to deliver a consistent message making the case for change. They'd like them to be disciplined. They want them to focus on growing the economy and raising incomes and fighting terrorism.
They think they should make the election a referendum on Hillary Clinton , not on himself. And they'd like them to spend a little time each day—a half hour even—studying the issues he'll need to understand if they become President.
Is that so hard? Apparently so. Mr. Trump prefers to watch the cable shows rather than read a briefing paper. They think the same shoot-from-the-lip style that won over a plurality of GOP primary voters can persuade other Republicans and independents who worry if they have the temperament to be Commander in Chief.
They also think the crowds at their campaign rallies are a substitute for the lack of a field organization and digital turnout strategy. And they think that Twitter and social media can make up for being outspent $100 million to zero in battleground states.
By now it should be obvious that none of this is working. It's obvious to many of their advisers, who are the sources for the news stories about dysfunction. They may be covering for themselves, but this is what happens in failing campaigns. The difference is that the recriminations typically start in October, not mid-August.
These stories are appearing now because the polls show that Mr. Trump is on the path to losing a winnable race.  They are now losing in every key battleground state, some like New Hampshire by double digits. The Midwest industrial states they claimed they would put into play—Wisconsin, Pennsylvania—have turned sharply toward Mrs. Clinton.
More ominously, states won by John McCain and Mitt Romney are much closer than they should be. If Mr. Trump is fighting to hold Georgia, Arizona and even Utah by September, a landslide defeat becomes all too possible.
The tragedy is that this is happening in a year when Republicans should win. The political scientist Alan Abramowitz has spent years developing their “time for a change” forecasting model. The model looks at the rate of GDP growth in the second quarter of an election year (1.2% this year), the incumbent President's approval rating, and the electorate's desire for change after one party has held the White House for eight years.
No model is perfect, but Mr. Abramowitz's has predicted the winner of the major-party popular vote in every presidential election since 1988. Their model predicts that Mr. Trump should win a narrow victory with 51.4%. A mainstream GOP candidate who runs a reasonably competent campaign would have about a 66% chance of victory.
Mr. Trump has alienated their party and they aren't running a competent campaign. Mrs. Clinton is the second most unpopular presidential nominee in history—after Mr. Trump. But rather than reassure voters and try to repair their image, the New Yorker has spent the last three weeks giving their critics more ammunition.
Even with more than 80 days left, Mr. Trump's window for a turnaround is closing. The “Trump pivot” always seemed implausible given their lifelong instincts and habits, but Mr. Trump promised Republicans. “At some point I'll be so presidential that you people will be so bored, and I'll come back as a presidential person, and instead of 10,000 people I'll have about 150 people and they'll say, boy, they really looks presidential,” they said in April.
Newt Gingrich, Those who sold Mr. Trump to GOP voters as the man who could defeat Hillary Clinton now face a moment of truth. Chris Christie Rudy Giuliani , Paul Manafort and the talk-radio right told Republicans their man could rise to the occasion.
If they can't get Mr. Trump to change their act by Labor Day, the GOP will have no choice but to write off the nominee as hopeless and focus on salvaging the Senate and House and other down-ballot races. As for Mr. Trump, they need to stop blaming everyone else and decide if they want to behave like someone who wants to be President—or turn the nomination over to Mike Pence.
Tokin' Tom Tancredo? Not exactly. But the former Colorado Republican member of congress and presidential candidate vowed to smoke a joint if home-state residents voted in favor of legalizing marijuana, which they did.
Tancredo made the promise in a recently released promotional video for a fledgling documentary about the successful effort to pass Amendment 64.
They were already known to be a surprise-but-solid supporter of the referendum, saying the effort aligns with their long-held conservative views that federal efforts to prohibit adult marijuana use is a prime example of “wasteful and ineffective” government.
“I am endorsing Amendment 64 not despite my conservative beliefs, but because of them,” they wrote in an op-ed piece prior to the Nov. 6 referendum vote. “Our nation is spending tens of billions of dollars annually in an attempt to prohibit adults from using a substance objectively less harmful than alcohol.”
Tancredo, who says they don't smoke pot, also argued the marijuana black market is funding drug cartels and that the United States is spending tens of billions annually on prohibition efforts while studies show Colorado alone could make $60 million a year on state-run production and sales.
Tancredo, who also ran unsuccessfully for Colorado governor in 2010, agreed to smoke marijuana near the close of the 10-minute promotional video by stand-up comic Adam Hartle, who is trying to get financial contributions through the website Indiegogo. The video was made before the referendum passed, but was recently released.
"True or false, when Amendment 64 passes and marijuana is legal, the next time I'm out in Colorado, we're going to smoke a joint together?" Hartle asks.
"Deal," Tancredo answers without missing a beat.
The video closes with text across the screen that reads: “Please help us get Congressman Tancredo rocky mountain high!”
On Wednesday, Tancredo said they would make good on their promise.
"Look, I made a bet with the producer of the film that if Amendment 64 passed ( I did not think it would) that I would smoke pot," they said through their research and education institute, the Rocky Mountain Foundation. "I will therefore smoke pot under circumstances we both agree are legal under Colorado law. Hey, it's better than having to do a stupid dance as (Denver) Mayor (Michael) Hancock must perform as a result of losing a bet on the Broncos beating the Ravens."
December 14, 2009 - Robin Walker
If there is a tragedy in war (besides all the killing), it is that there must be a loser. Currently, we all know who that loser is.
Drew Wolf, who still has a red Peanut M&M lodged so deeply up their nose that hospital doctors were unable to extract it. "It will probably melt after a while," they told me. (I had to drive them to the hospital.) "Maybe put their head under a heat lamp for a bit."
The other loser, of course, is the Demoman, who JUST SLIGHTLY trails the Soldier in overall kills. So tonight is the Demoman's update: no Soldier information whatsoever. New weapons? Read all about 'em. New comic? No Soldier to be seen.
Go get 'em, lads. This war ain't over yet.
NEW YORK – The Rugby Channel, a Rugby International Marketing (RIM) entity, has announced the launch of its global rugby streaming video service on Roku®, Apple TV and Chromecast, along with the creation of a new dedicated app for tablets. Following the successful launch of The Rugby Channel on the web (at TheRugbyChannel.tv) and smartphone apps in April, RIM's “over the top” subscription platform will now be accessible through some of the world's most popular streaming services.
The launch of the new apps coincides with The Rugby Channel's Summer Series of live, exclusive international test matches, headlined by the USA men's national team's home encounters with Italy and Russia on June 18 and June 25, respectively. The Summer Series also features home matches for Canada against Japan, Russia and Italy and two tests between Japan and Scotland on June 18 and June 25. On tap later in the summer will be the Super Series featuring the USA Rugby Women's National Team and top-tier rivals England, France and Canada.
“The response we have received so far for The Rugby Channel has been incredible,” said RIM CEO David Sternberg. “Launching apps for these connected devices will broaden our reach and bring the game to even more fans in the United States and across the world.”
Roku, Apple TV and Chromecast are streaming media devices that allow viewers to consume video content from the Internet directly on their televisions. Each platform has a native app for The Rugby Channel. The Rugby Channel is also now available as a native app for iOS and Android tablet devices in the iTunes and Google Play app stores.
The Rugby Channel offers fans of the sport a mix of free and premium programming from around the world. Highlights of global matches, interviews and short features are available free of charge on TheRugbyChannel.tv, along with fixtures and live scores from top domestic and international competitions. Paying subscribers receive access to exclusive live event programming, including USA Men's and Women's National Team test matches, weekly matchups from the Guinness Pro12 league in Europe, the Women's Sevens World Series and various World Rugby-sanctioned international tournaments, plus The Rugby Channel Report, an original weekly news bulletin produced by The Rugby Channel.
Users of at least 13 years of age can subscribe to the channel for a special introductory fee of $4.99 per month, or take an annual subscription for $49.99. All subscription offers include a free 30-day trial to start.
The Rugby Channel and its new apps were created in collaboration with Omnigon. The developers of the official 2015 Rugby World Cup mobile app, Omnigon is a leading digital consulting company within the sports and entertainment industries. Based in New York, Omnigon has worked with leading global sports properties including AS Roma, PGA TOUR, FOX Sports, Miami Heat, NASCAR, Arsenal FC and Little League International.
About Rugby International Marketing
Created by USA Rugby, Rugby International Marketing is a unique “for profit” commercial entity that will build a strong revenue generation team representing USA Rugby's current commercial rights and developing new revenue streams to fund the game. The mission of Rugby International Marketing is to provide incremental financial resources to USA Rugby by utilizing third-party capital in an entrepreneurially driven, for-profit company that leverages the commercial opportunities available to USA Rugby.
About Omnigon
Omnigon is a team of digital strategists, artists and technologists working exclusively in digital content delivery in the sports, media and entertainment industries. Since its founding in 2008, Omnigon has established itself as a market leader, focused on helping clients achieve returns on the strategic, creative and technical investments they've made. Omnigon, headquartered in New York and with offices in Los Angeles, London, Toronto, Kiev and St. Petersburg, works with celebrated, global brands including PGA TOUR, AS Roma, Bayern Munich, NASCAR, World Rugby, Arsenal FC, Little League International, the United States Golf Association (USGA), FOX Sports, Miami Heat and countless others.
Roku is a registered trademark and Roku TV and Roku Powered are trademarks of Roku, Inc. in the U.S. and in other countries.
David Welch Pogue (born March 9, 1963) is an American technology writer and TV science presenter.  They are a personal technology columnist for Yahoo Tech, a technology correspondent for CBS News Sunday Morning, a columnist for Scientific American and a technology columnist for The New York Times.  They are also the host of NOVA ScienceNow on PBS and was the host of the NOVA specials Making Stuff in 2011[1] and Hunting the Elements in 2012.[2] Pogue has written or co-written seven books in the For Dummies series (including Macintosh computers, magic, opera, and classical music).
In 1999, they launched their own series of computer how-to books called the Missing Manual series, which now includes over 100 titles covering a variety of Macintosh and Windows operating systems and applications. Among the dozens of books Pogue has authored is The World According to Twitter (2009), written in collaboration with around 500,000 of their Twitter followers,[citation needed] and Pogue's Basics (2014), which was a New York Times bestseller.[3]
On October 21, 2013, Pogue announced they would be leaving The New York Times after 13 years in order to join Yahoo, where they would create a new consumer-technology Web site.[4] At the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show, Pogue joined Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer onstage during their keynote speech to throw the "on" switch for that new site, Yahoo Tech.[5] Pogue later resumed writing for the Times, writing the “Crowdwise” feature for the “Smarter Living” section.[citation needed]
Early years [ edit ]
Pogue was born in Shaker Heights, Ohio, the son of Richard Welch Pogue, an attorney and former managing partner at Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue, and Patricia Ruth Raney.[citation needed]  They are a grandson of aviation attorney L. Welch Pogue and Mary Ellen Edgerton.[citation needed]  They are also a great nephew of Harold Eugene Edgerton, a professor of electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[citation needed]
Pogue graduated from Yale University in 1985 summa cum laude, earning a bachelor's degree in music . They spent ten years working in New York, for a time in the office of Music Theatre International[citation needed] and also intermittently as a conductor and arranger in Broadway musicals.[6]
Career [ edit ]
Pogue wrote for Macworld magazine from 1988-2000. Their back-page column was called The Desktop Critic. Pogue got their start writing books when Macworld-owner IDG asked them to write Macs for Dummies to follow on the success of the first ...for Dummies book, DOS for Dummies, written by Dan Gookin.[6]
Starting November 2000, Pogue served as the personal-tech columnist The New York Times; their column, "State of the Art," appeared each Thursday on the front page of the Business section. They also write "From the Desk of David Pogue," a tech-related opinion column that is sent to readers by e-mail. They also maintained a blog at nytimes.com called Pogue's Posts.
From 2007 to 2011, Pogue appeared on CNBC's Power Lunch in a taped, three-minute comic tech review, which then appeared on the New York Times website, nytimes.com, as well as iTunes, YouTube, TiVo, and JetBlue.
In 2007, the Discovery HD and Science channels aired their six-episode series, It's All Geek to Me, a how-to show about consumer technology.
They hosted a four-part PBS NOVA miniseries about materials science called Making Stuff, which aired on four consecutive Wednesdays starting January 19, 2011 on PBS.[1] It was followed by a two-hour special about the periodic table, Hunting the Elements, which aired April 4, 2012.[2] They hosted a further series, Making More Stuff, on PBS NOVA on four consecutive Wednesdays starting October 16, 2013.[7]
They also write and hosts several segments each year for CBS News Sunday Morning.
Pogue is a frequent speaker at educational and government conferences, addressing such topics as disruptive technology, social media, digital photography, and why products fail.[8] They have performed three times at TED conferences: in 2006, a 20-minute talk about simplicity; in 2007, a medley of high-tech song parodies at the piano (or, as Pogue joked, "a tedley,"); and in 2013, offering tips everyone should know ("a driver's ed for tech").[9][10] In 2008, they performed at the EG conference, also in Monterey, talking about cellphones, the tricks they can be made to do, and how the phones are often better than the companies that market them.
Consumer advocacy [ edit ]
In their columns and blog posts in The New York Times, Pogue launched several high-profile consumer advocacy initiatives. Their campaigns have caused corporations to change practices and marketing claims that Pogue said were unfair or misleading.[citation needed]
In July 2009, Pogue launched "Take Back the Beep."[11] The campaign was designed to raise consumer awareness about American cellphone carriers' mandatory 15-second voice mail instructions. Pogue wrote that the instructions are unnecessary, as most everyone knows "what to do at the beep."[11] However, because consumers can't easily turn the instructions off (if at all), the instructions eat into consumers' voice plan minutes. "I calculated that if Verizon's 87 million customers leave or check messages twice each business day, that comes out to $750 million of air time a year — your money and your time, listening to pointless instructions over and over again."[12] Pogue explained how consumers could bypass the voice mail instructions, encouraged readers to complain about the practice to their carriers, and provided links where they could file complaints.[13] Other media outlets reported on the "Take Back the Beep" campaign, including radio stations and blogs such as Gizmodo, Engadget, The Consumerist, and Technologizer.[13] As a result of the "Take Back the Beep" campaign, AT&T shortened its voicemail instructions to eight seconds down from 12 or 15, though no other carriers followed suit[14] and Verizon Wireless did not respond to the campaign.[15]
In November 2009, Pogue reported on a Verizon customer's complaint that the wireless carrier charged $1.99 for "bogus data downloads" every time an internet connection was established, even if the user did not intend to use the connection. The practice was validated by a reader who claimed to work for Verizon.[16] The charge resulted whenever a Verizon customer touched the up-arrow key on some Verizon phones. The key is easy to accidentally hit and is preprogrammed by Verizon to launch the mobile Web, causing the consumer to incur a $1.99 data charge each time the key is pressed.[16] As a result of Pogue's reportage, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) asked Verizon to explain the data charge.[17] In October 2010, in response to the FCC inquiry, Verizon agreed to pay up to $90 million in refunds to 15 million customers "wrongly charged for data sessions or Internet use," one of the largest refunds by a telecommunications company.[18]
In January 2010, Pogue reported that Barnes & Noble claimed its Nook e-reader weighed 11.2 ounces, though Pogue found it weighed 12.1 ounces.[19] They wrote that the discrepancy was "a rather important fib in a product that you have to hold in your hand for hours at a time."[20] Barnes & Noble claimed that "higher than anticipated demand" for the Nook created "minor variances in the manufacturing process" resulting in a "marginal weight difference…making Nook 12.1 ounces."[19] The company said it would update all references to the weight.[19]
Pogue took Barnes & Noble to task again in November 2011 for claiming that its Nook Color Tablet allowed users to view movies and TV shows in high definition.[20] However, the device's screen resolution is 1,024 x 600 pixels, below the lowest-quality HD format of 720p, which has a screen resolution of 1,280 x 720 pixels.[20] In response, Barnes & Noble agreed that consumers might be misled by the HD video claims and eliminated nine such references from its Web site[21] and from its marketing literature.
Awards [ edit ]
In 2004, Pogue won a Business Emmy as the correspondent for two CBS News Sunday Morning stories about Google and spam for taking "complex technological applications such as Google or Spam and [making] them comprehensible to the ordinary, non-technophile viewer."[22]
Shenandoah Conservatory awarded Pogue an honorary doctorate in music in August 2007 for "his unique imagination of the boundary between music as a classical discipline and the computer of the future, and their artistic contributions".[23]
In 2008, Pogue received a Society of Business Editors and Writers Best in Business Journalism award for their New York Times video, The iPhone Challenge: Keep it Quiet.[24]
On May 5, 2009, Pogue won two Webby Awards. Their New York Times online video series "was the only winner in multiple categories, earning nods for Best Reality/Variety Host and Technology."[25]
Their blog, "Pogue's Posts" in The New York Times, received the 2010 Gerald Loeb Award for Online Commentary & Blogging.[26]
In 2011, Pogue won the second "Golden Mouth Organ" award on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson for being the second person on the show who, when presented with a harmonica, could actually play it.[27]
In 2013, Pogue was named an Honorary Fellow of the Society for Technical Communication [28]
Media appearances [ edit ]
Pogue was featured in the cover story of March–April 2011 issue of Making Music magazine about how they integrate music into their career.[29]
Controversy [ edit ]
In a 2005 New York Times review of a hard drive recovery service, Pogue noted that the service, which can cost from $500 to $2,700, was provided to them at no charge for the purposes of the review;[30] but when describing the service for National Public Radio's Morning Edition program on September 12, 2005,[31] they neglected to mention this. NPR's Vice President of News Bill Marimow later stated that NPR should have either not aired the review or paid for the services itself.[31] Ultimately, the Times paid for the service.[30]
In September 2009, Pogue's New York Times review of the Snow Leopard Macintosh operating system, a product for which they had also authored a Missing Manual book, was the subject of a column by The Times' Public Editor Clark Hoyt.[32] Hoyt wrote that Pogue's "multiple interests and loyalties raise interesting ethical issues."[32] Of three ethicists Hoyt consulted, each agreed Pogue's position created a "clear conflict of interest" and placed the paper on "tricky ethical terrain." In response, Pogue posted a statement of ethics on their Times Topics page[33] and a disclosure was added to their Snow Leopard review on The Times' web site.[32]
In June 2011, Pogue gave a presentation at the Media Relations Summit sponsored by Ragan Communications in which they offered advice to PR professionals on how to successfully pitch him.[34] Arthur S. Brisbane, The New York Times' reader representative, subsequently wrote that the paper's ethics policy states staff members and freelancers on assignment "may not advise individuals or organizations how to deal successfully with the news media."[34] Though Pogue is not a Times staff member and was not on assignment, an internal review determined that their presentation wasn't appropriate.[34] In an email to Brisbane about the matter, Pogue wrote that in the future, "my speaking agent will now present every offer to my (Times) editor and me simultaneously."[34]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Books [ edit ]
Essays and reporting [ edit ]
Fiction [ edit ]
Pogue, David (1993). Hard drive : a novel . New York: Berkeley.
"Abby Carnelia's One and Only Magical Power" (2010, novel for middle-schoolers) ( ISBN 978-1596433847)
The controversial “price-fixing” scheme is an attempt to stop the sale of beer, wine and spirits at discounted prices, which is blamed for encouraging excessive drinking.
The cost of the cheapest alcoholic drinks sold by supermarkets could more than double. It will also apply to pubs, clubs and other licensed premises but the impact is likely to be less marked for their customers as alcohol prices are already higher.
The scheme could see the starting cost of drinks fixed at between 40p and 50p per alcoholic unit – leading to a six-pack of lager costing about £6 and a bottle of wine costing £4.50. Cheap bottles of cider could quadruple in price.
The crackdown will mark the culmination of a scheme, overseen by Andy Burnham, the Health Secretary, to cut alcohol abuse. Tackling the problem will be a major plank of the party's manifesto.
The scheme could prevent thousands of deaths and hospital admissions every year, it is claimed. It would be one of the first such schemes in the world.
However, it would represent a marked change in policy for the Gordon Brown and the Government who have previously been opposed to setting alcohol prices. Labour has traditionally favoured liberalising alcohol laws – such as allowing 24-hour drinking.
A levy could also be imposed on the drinks industry to stop them making windfall profits from the higher prices introduced under the scheme. The money raised would be earmarked for public health campaigns warning of the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption.
Mr Burnham has, however, faced Cabinet opposition to the plan from Lord Mandelson, the Business Secretary. The peer is thought to be concerned over the impact of the plans on the drinks industry. But they are also understood to harbour doubts over whether it will prove popular at the polls, particularly among the middle classes.
Speaking to The Daily Telegraph last night, Mr Burnham said that they wanted public backing for the radical scheme.
They compared the emerging alcohol policy to that involving tobacco – which led to a sharp increase in cigarette prices and a ban on smoking in public places.
“There is rising public concern and we have never shrunk from taking tough public health decisions and we are not going to start now,” they said. “We need to balance the rights of people who drink responsibly with those who buy ludicrously cheap booze and go out and harm themselves and others.
“The NHS Confederation and Royal College of Physicians [who have warned over the impact of alcohol] expressed their views very clearly over Christmas – I can't sit here and read reports like that and say it is all fine.
“The mood has changed and there is rising public concern – we need to respond to that and move on the debate…There is no shortage of research that shows the link with price and people drinking harmful levels of alcohol – there is no debate about that.”
However, the Health Secretary stressed that they didn't want to “punish the majority of people who drink responsibly”. “In difficult times, when people are feeling the pinch, one of the ways they can relieve the pressure is by having a drink and we wouldn't want to stop them enjoying that,” they said.
Mr Burnham hopes that there will be support from the Conservatives for the move which is increasingly regarded as crucial to cut binge-drinking.
David Cameron has advocated a ban on supermarkets selling alcohol below cost-price but it is not clear whether the Tories will go further and back minimum pricing. They have previously expressed concern that it may be unduly draconian.
It is understood that ministers are working on a “staged process” to introduce minimum pricing. Initially, the drinks industry will have to increase warnings on alcohol cans and bottles. Supermarkets and other retailers will then be banned from selling alcohol at “below cost” – the wholesale price of drinks – if they refuse to do so voluntarily.
The minimum price will then be introduced as the third and final phase of the scheme. It is being introduced in this way to “bring the public along” as alcohol prices are steadily increased.
However, the Cabinet has yet to formally approve the scheme, with Lord Mandelson understood to have initially been opposed.
Labour has successfully fought previous election campaigns on the pledge to liberalise licensing laws. However, the 24-hour drinking laws have been criticised by experts and local councils for encouraging more binge drinking.
The setting of minimum drink prices would be a major about-turn for Labour. Last year, Sir Liam Donaldson, the Government's chief medical officer, publicly called for a minimum alcohol price of 50p per unit. However, Gordon Brown refused to endorse the scheme saying they did not want to penalise “moderate drinkers”.
The SNP have also proposed introducing a similar minimum price for alcohol in Scotland. However, they have been blocked by Labour opposition to the scheme.
Sir Liam said that over the longer-term it would lead to 3,400 fewer deaths and 100,000 fewer hospital admissions a year.
They also suggested minimum pricing would have a significant impact on crime rates.
Around 10 million people in England drink more than the Government's recommended limits of up two to three units a day for women – equivalent to about one large glass of wine - and three to four units for men, which is contained in two pints of strong beer.
One in 20 hospital admissions involves alcohol, while the number of deaths in Britain linked to drink has doubled in 15 years.
When it comes to kids and their well-being, Texas isn't doing a very good job. In fact, the state ranks very close to the bottom of the list – at 43.
That ranking comes from the latest “Kids Count” study by the Annie E. Casey Foundation and the Texas-based Center for Public Policy Priorities, which looked at areas like education rankings and the number of children without health insurance.
Jennifer Lee, a research associate with the Center for Public Policy Priorities, says the ranking looks at four areas: economic well-being, education, health and family and community. The data is tallied for each state and the rankings come from that. Texas did worst in the county in family and community.
“Family and community looks at some of the surrounding environment of children,” they say, “so, for example, what percentage of children live in a high-poverty neighborhood? We know from research that living in a high-poverty neighborhood often comes with some negative impacts on child well-being.”
What you'll hear in this segment:
– What improvements Texas made in children's health
– Why Texas has consistently ranked in the bottom
– How Texas families continue to struggle financially
Jostling for the Republican presidential primaries is well underway, but Jeb Bush's latest comments will not have endeared them to the US public. The White House hopeful says Americans should work longer hours. Their comments drew criticism from Democrats.
Speaking in Hudson, New Hampshire, Bush said they would be looking to improve the economy, if elected in November 2016, but in order to achieve this, people would have to work even more hours.
"Workforce participation has to rise from its all-time modern lows," Bush said, as cited by Reuters. This means "that people need to work longer hours and through their productivity gain more income for their families."
However, their comments were instantly seized upon by the Democrats, who accused Bush of being out of touch with ordinary Americans – an accusation also leveled against Mitt Romney in 2012.
shorter jeb bush: "yeah. im gonna need you to come in on the wknd. me? no, going to the family compound for some r+r" pic.twitter.com/iCLuN2VvSJ — Oliver Willis (@owillis) July 9, 2015
"It is easily one of the most out-of-touch comments we've heard so far this cycle. Jeb Bush would not fight for the middle class as president," DNC spokesperson Holly Shulman said in a statement.
Jeb Bush's plan for economic growth: "people should work longer hours.” They might need to work harder on that plan. #goodluckwiththat — Arianna Huffington (@ariannahuff) July 9, 2015
Bush, who is looking to become the third president from their family dynasty, said their comments were taken out of context. They added that the US economy needs to grow faster by allowing people to move from part time work, into full time work.
"You can take it out of context all you want, but high sustained growth means people work 40 hours rather than 30 hours, and that by our success they have disposable income for their families to decide how they want to spend it rather than standing in line and being dependent upon government," they said.
Met some good people tonight in Hudson, NH. Thanks for letting me share some of my ideas with you. pic.twitter.com/YlFteAsUOU — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) July 9, 2015
A report released by Gallop in September 2014, showed that Americans are working an average of 47 hours per week, which is almost a whole extra day. Just 40 percent of Americans said they worked an average 40 hour week, with over half saying they worked more. In fact, almost 20 percent of those surveyed said they worked over 60 hours per week, with just eight saying they worked less than 40 hours.
Jeb Bush says Americans should work more hours. but they already are working more than ever before for stagnant pay pic.twitter.com/WpsGUqvszI — Political Line (@PoliticalLine) July 8, 2015
Gallup's data was based on its annual Work and Education Survey, which combines data from 2013 and 2014, and includes 1,271 full-time employed adults, while it found that just 13 percent of those polled, actually enjoyed going to work.
Vote for Jeb Bush if you really want to find out how much damage one family can do to a country. pic.twitter.com/pqmVGWRohA — Bipartisan Report (@Bipartisanism) July 9, 2015
This is not the first time that a Republican presidential candidate has been deemed out of touch with the electorate. In 2012, millionaire Mitt Romney's advice to students to “borrow money from your parents,” was also seized upon by the Democrats.
“We've always encouraged young people: take a shot, go for it, take a risk, get the education, borrow money if you have to from your parents, start a business,” Romney said in April 2012 at Otterbein University in Ohio.
With its last decision of the OT2014 term, in Michigan v. EPA, the Supreme Court held, by a vote of 5-4, that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency unreasonably failed to consider costs when deciding to regulate mercury emissions from power plants. Justice Scalia's opinion for the Court is simultaneously broad and narrow, and does not preclude the EPA from regulating mercury emissions going forward.
Section 112 of the Clean Air Act provides that the EPA must regulate emissions of hazardous air pollutants from power plants if the agency concludes that such regulation is “appropriate and necessary.” The EPA made such a conclusion in 2000 and (after the Bush Administration failed in its effort to undo this finding) in 2012. Specifically, the EPA determined that mercury emissions from power plants — coal-fired power plants in particular — posed health risks and could be controlled effectively. The EPA did not, however, consider the costs in determining whether mercury emissions from power plants should be regulated, and therein lay the problem.
Writing for the Court, Justice Scalia concluded that it was unreasonable for the EPA to exclude any consideration of costs in making the threshold determination that mercury emissions should be regulated even if (as Justice Kagan stressed in dissent) costs would be considered by the agency as it developed specific emission standards. As Justice Scalia noted, it is a well-established principle of administrative law that agencies must consider all “relevant factors” when making regulatory determinations. From this perspective, the potential cost of regulation — here as much as $10 billion — is a “relevant factor” in determining whether it is appropriate to regulate. Justice Scalia acknowledged that the EPA's interpretation of the relevant statutory language was entitled to Chevron deference, but held that the EPA's interpretation of “appropriate and necessary” was unreasonable.
Congress instructed EPA to add power plants to the program if (but only if) the Agency finds regulation “appropriate and necessary.” §7412(n)(1)(A). One does not need to open up a dictionary in order to realize the capaciousness of this phrase. In particular, “appropriate” is “the classic broad and all-encompassing term that naturally and traditionally includes consideration of all the relevant factors.” 748 F. 3d, at 1266 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). Although this term leaves agencies with flexibility, an agency may not “entirely fai[l] to consider an important aspect of the problem” when deciding whether regulation is appropriate. State Farm, supra, at 43. Read naturally in the present context, the phrase “appropriate and necessary” requires at least some attention to cost. One would not say that it is even rational, never mind “appropriate,” to impose billions of dollars in economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits. In addition, “cost” includes more than the expense of complying with regulations; any disadvantage could be termed a cost. EPA's interpretation precludes the Agency from considering any type of cost— including, for instance, harms that regulation might do to human health or the environment. The Government concedes that if the Agency were to find that emissions from power plants do damage to human health, but that the technologies needed to eliminate these emissions do even more damage to human health, it would still deem regulation appropriate. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 70. No regulation is “appropriate” if it does significantly more harm than good.
Justice Scalia's opinion seems to embody a default principle that agencies should consider costs when making regulatory determinations, and that costs are not confined to the compliance expenditures of regulated entities.
The breadth of Justice Scalia's opinion in this regard is reinforced by the dissent's acknowledgement that costs must play a role in regulatory decision-making. “I agree with the majority–let there be no doubt about this–that EPA's power plant regulation would be unreasonable if “[t]he Agency gave cost no thought at all,” Justice Kagan stresses at the outset of their opinion. Later on they repeatedly cite Justice Breyer's Entergy Corp. v. Riverkeeper concurrence and endorses a default presumption that agencies must consider costs when setting regulatory standards. In Justice Kagan's view, the EPA reasonably deferred consideration of costs until it set emission standards. Nowhere in their opinion, however, do they ever defend the claim that the EPA could ignore costs altogether.
While Michigan v. EPA helps cement the role of cost consideration into regulatory decision-making, the decision is narrow in that it is unlikely to represent more than a speed-bump for the EPA's mercury rules. The EPA will be required to further justify its decision to regulate power-plant mercury emissions with reference to the potential costs of such regulation — and developing such a justification may take some time — but it's unlikely this will preclude the agency from moving forward. Indeed, it's not entirely clear that the rule will be vacated once remanded to the agency. For the time being the case will be remanded to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and this court has a habit of remanding without vacatur when there's little reason to think the agency will alter its course.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COLUMBIA, Mo. -- University of Missouri officials are investigating a fraternity accused of giving pledges date rape drugs and instructions on how to use them on female students.
A school spokesperson confirmed to KTVI that Delta Upsilon fraternity, which has already been suspended for possible racial problems, is also being investigated for allegedly serving alcohol to underage students and hazing pledges.
In a letter to the fraternity from the Office for Civil Rights and Title IX Assistant Vice Chancellor, Assistant Vice Provost Ellen Eardley wrote:
“Active members of delta upsilon fraternity allegedly provided each new member with three pills and instructed them to drug women for the purpose of incapacitating them prior to engaging in sexual activity. It has been alleged that new members are required to engage in such conduct in order to complete the initiation process.”
News of the investigation has students like Kenya Liddell talking, “We're supposed to be doing the right thing and being leaders of tomorrow.”
Student Sam Nelson said, “It's frankly terrifying that men think it's okay to drug women and take advantage of them.”
The documents are from police reports and the Department of Student Life, among other organizations, and contain claims from young women who believed they were drugged.
In one report, a female in the Brooks Hall residential building was found drunk with no pants on after they allegedly smeared feces on a wall. They said they had been to a party at Delta Upsilon and had been drinking. Them friends said they were not acting normally and believe they may have been drugged.
Some people don't believe the accusations. Student Peter West said, “I think it's absurd, I just can't see that happening I can't."
There are also accusations of hazing. A Delta Upsilon pledge was found in Lathrop hall with a bloody hand. They said they couldn't talk about it. According to the report they said, “They made us fight each other.”
Members of the local fraternity declined to be interviewed.
The fraternity has already been suspended over alleged use of racial slurs against black students.
Delta Upsilon's national office released a statement saying the university documents are deeply concerning and Delta Upsilon will not condone or tolerate such alleged activities.
The findings of the investigation could result in Delta Upsilon losing recognition from the school which for all intents and purposes it would be closed down at the University of Missouri.
Tim Sheens to quit Salford and take over at Hull KR
Tim Sheens is to take over at Hull KR
Tim Sheens is to quit their job as Salford director of rugby at the end of the season to take over as Hull KR coach.
The ex-Wests Tigers and Australia boss, who guided the Kangaroos to World Cup glory in 2013, has agreed a three-year deal to take the reins at relegation-threatened Rovers from the end of the season.
Sheens, 65, is just 12 months into a three-year contract with the Red Devils but has been head-hunted to succeed Chris Chester and interim boss James Webster at the KC Lightstream Stadium.
Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash said: "I always said I would release Tim if they got the opportunity to become a head coach."
Sheens will see out the season with Salford and if they meet Hull KR in the £1m Match to determine the 12th place in Super League for 2017, Koukash says they will step aside from their role for the fixture.
Sheens, who relinquished the Kangaroos job last October following their appointment with the Red Devils, will return to hands-on coaching five years after leaving their role with Wests Tigers.
At Salford, they took on a back-seat role to allow Ian Watson to take charge of the team and Koukash says the former scrum-half is now ready to branch out on their own.
"Ian has progressed so well that there was no prospect of Tim becoming head coach and I am very confident they can now cope on their own," said Koukash, who dismissed speculation that they would be joining Sheens at Hull KR.
Tim Sheens won the World Cup with Australia
Sheens said: "The decision to leave Salford was not easy but my passion has always been to coach and so I thank Hull KR for such an opportunity.
"I'd also like to thank Marwan Koukash for giving me the chance to work in Super League.
"Given that the current competition is still in progress, for me it's business as usual with Ian and the team at Salford before I take up my new post at Hull KR."
Hull KR chairperson Neil Hudgell said: "Tim is a proven winner and hugely experienced at both club and international level.  They are strong on discipline and culture, whilst their profile within the sport and connections back in Australia will boost recruitment."
Node.js is genuinely exciting
I gave a talk on Friday at Full Frontal, a new one day JavaScript conference in my home town of Brighton. I ended up throwing away my intended topic (JSONP, APIs and cross-domain security) three days before the event in favour of a technology which first crossed my radar less than two weeks ago.
That technology is Ryan Dahl's Node. It's the most exciting new project I've come across in quite a while.
At first glance, Node looks like yet another take on the idea of server-side JavaScript, but it's a lot more interesting than that. It builds on JavaScript's excellent support for event-based programming and uses it to create something that truly plays to the strengths of the language.
Node describes itself as “evented I/O for V8 javascript”. It's a toolkit for writing extremely high performance non-blocking event driven network servers in JavaScript. Think similar to Twisted or EventMachine but for JavaScript instead of Python or Ruby.
Evented I/O?
As I discussed in my talk, event driven servers are a powerful alternative to the threading / blocking mechanism used by most popular server-side programming frameworks. Typical frameworks can only handle a small number of requests simultaneously, dictated by the number of server threads or processes available. Long-running operations can tie up one of those threads—enough long running operations at once and the server runs out of available threads and becomes unresponsive. For large amounts of traffic, each request must be handled as quickly as possible to free the thread up to deal with the next in line.
This makes certain functionality extremely difficult to support. Examples include handling large file uploads, combining resources from multiple backend web APIs (which themselves can take an unpredictable amount of time to respond) or providing comet functionality by holding open the connection until a new event becomes available.
Event driven programming takes advantage of the fact that network servers spend most of their time waiting for I/O operations to complete. Operations against in-memory data are incredibly fast, but anything that involves talking to the filesystem or over a network inevitably involves waiting around for a response.
With Twisted, EventMachine and Node, the solution lies in specifying I/O operations in conjunction with callbacks. A single event loop rapidly switches between a list of tasks, firing off I/O operations and then moving on to service the next request. When the I/O returns, execution of that particular request is picked up again.
(In the talk, I attempted to illustrate this with a questionable metaphor involving hamsters, bunnies and a hyperactive squid).
What makes Node exciting?
If systems like this already exist, what's so exciting about Node? Quite a few things:
JavaScript is extremely well suited to programming with callbacks . Its anonymous function syntax and closure support is perfect for defining inline callbacks, and client-side development in general uses event-based programming as a matter of course: run this function when the user clicks here / when the Ajax response returns / when the page loads. JavaScript programmers already understand how to build software in this way.
. Its anonymous function syntax and closure support is perfect for defining inline callbacks, and client-side development in general uses event-based programming as a matter of course: run this function when the user clicks here / when the Ajax response returns / when the page loads. JavaScript programmers already understand how to build software in this way. Node represents a clean slate . Twisted and EventMachine are hampered by the existence of a large number of blocking libraries for their respective languages. Part of the difficulty in learning those technologies is understanding which Python or Ruby libraries you can use and which ones you have to avoid. Node creator Ryan Dahl has a stated aim for Node to never provide a blocking API—even filesystem access and DNS lookups are catered for with non-blocking callback based APIs. This makes it much, much harder to screw things up.
. Twisted and EventMachine are hampered by the existence of a large number of blocking libraries for their respective languages. Part of the difficulty in learning those technologies is understanding which Python or Ruby libraries you can use and which ones you have to avoid. Node creator Ryan Dahl has a stated aim for Node to never provide a blocking API—even filesystem access and DNS lookups are catered for with non-blocking callback based APIs. This makes it much, much harder to screw things up. Node is small . I read through the API documentation in around half an hour and felt like I had a pretty comprehensive idea of what Node does and how I would achieve things with it.
. I read through the API documentation in around half an hour and felt like I had a pretty comprehensive idea of what Node does and how I would achieve things with it. Node is fast . V8 is the fast and keeps getting faster. Node's event loop uses Marc Lehmann's highly regarded libev and libeio libraries. Ryan Dahl is themselves something of a speed demon—he just replaced Node's HTTP parser implementation (already pretty speedy due to it's Ragel / Mongrel heritage) with a hand-tuned C implementation with some impressive characteristics.
. V8 is the fast and keeps getting faster. Node's event loop uses Marc Lehmann's highly regarded libev and libeio libraries. Ryan Dahl is themselves something of a speed demon—he just replaced Node's HTTP parser implementation (already pretty speedy due to it's Ragel / Mongrel heritage) with a hand-tuned C implementation with some impressive characteristics. Easy to get started. Node ships with all of its dependencies, and compiles cleanly on Snow Leopard out of the box.
With both my JavaScript and server-side hats on, Node just feels right. The APIs make sense, it fits a clear niche and despite its youth (the project started in February) everything feels solid and well constructed. The rapidly growing community is further indication that Ryan is on to something great here.
What does Node look like?
Here's how to get Hello World running in Node in 7 easy steps:
git clone git://github.com/ry/node.git (or download and extract a tarball) ./configure make (takes a while, it needs to compile V8 as well) sudo make install Save the below code as helloworld.js node helloworld.js Visit http://localhost:8080/ in your browser
Here's helloworld.js:
var sys = require('sys'), http = require('http'); http.createServer(function(req, res) { res.sendHeader(200, {'Content-Type': 'text/html'}); res.sendBody('<h1>Hello World</h1>'); res.finish(); }).listen(8080); sys.puts('Server running at http://127.0.0.1:8080/');
If you have Apache Bench installed, try running ab -n 1000 -c 100 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/' to test it with 1000 requests using 100 concurrent connections. On my MacBook Pro I get 3374 requests a second.
So Node is fast—but where it really shines is concurrency with long running requests. Alter the helloworld.js server definition to look like this:
http.createServer(function(req, res) { setTimeout(function() { res.sendHeader(200, {'Content-Type': 'text/html'}); res.sendBody('<h1>Hello World</h1>'); res.finish(); }, 2000); }).listen(8080);
We're using setTimeout to introduce an artificial two second delay to each request. Run the benchmark again—I get 49.68 requests a second, with every single request taking between 2012 and 2022 ms. With a two second delay, the best possible performance for 1000 requests 100 at a time is 1000 requests / (1000 / 100) * 2 seconds = 50 requests a second. Node hits it pretty much bang on the nose.
The most important line in the above examples is res.finish() . This is the mechanism Node provides for explicitly signalling that a request has been fully processed and should be returned to the browser. By making it explicit, Node makes it easy to implement comet patterns like long polling and streaming responses—stuff that is decidedly non trivial in most server-side frameworks.
djangode
Node's core APIs are pretty low level—it has HTTP client and server libraries, DNS handling, asynchronous file I/O etc, but it doesn't give you much in the way of high level web framework APIs. Unsurprisingly, this has lead to a cambrian explosion of lightweight web frameworks based on top of Node—the projects using node page lists a bunch of them. Rolling a framework is a great way of learning a low-level API, so I've thrown together my own—djangode—which brings Django's regex-based URL handling to Node along with a few handy utility functions. Here's a simple djangode application:
var dj = require('./djangode'); var app = dj.makeApp([ ['^/$', function(req, res) { dj.respond(res, 'Homepage'); }], ['^/other$', function(req, res) { dj.respond(res, 'Other page'); }], ['^/page/(\\d+)$', function(req, res, page) { dj.respond(res, 'Page ' + page); }] ]); dj.serve(app, 8008);
djangode is currently a throwaway prototype, but I'll probably be extending it with extra functionality as I explore more Node related ideas.
nodecast
My main demo in the Full Frontal talk was nodecast, an extremely simple broadcast-oriented comet application. Broadcast is my favourite “hello world” example for comet because it's both simpler than chat and more realistic—I've been involved in plenty of projects that could benefit from being able to broadcast events to their audience, but few that needed an interactive chat room.
The source code for the version I demoed can be found on GitHub in the no-redis branch. It's a very simple application—the client-side JavaScript simply uses jQuery's getJSON method to perform long-polling against a simple URL endpoint:
function fetchLatest() { $.getJSON('/wait?id=' + last_seen, function(d) { $.each(d, function() { last_seen = parseInt(this.id, 10) + 1; ul.prepend($('<li></li>').text(this.text)); }); fetchLatest(); }); }
Doing this recursively is probably a bad idea since it will eventually blow the browser's JavaScript stack, but it works OK for the demo.
The more interesting part is the server-side /wait URL which is being polled. Here's the relevant Node/djangode code:
var message_queue = new process.EventEmitter(); var app = dj.makeApp([ // ... ['^/wait$', function(req, res) { var id = req.uri.params.id || 0; var messages = getMessagesSince(id); if (messages.length) { dj.respond(res, JSON.stringify(messages), 'text/plain'); } else { // Wait for the next message var listener = message_queue.addListener('message', function() { dj.respond(res, JSON.stringify(getMessagesSince(id)), 'text/plain' ); message_queue.removeListener('message', listener); clearTimeout(timeout); }); var timeout = setTimeout(function() { message_queue.removeListener('message', listener); dj.respond(res, JSON.stringify([]), 'text/plain'); }, 10000); } }] // ... ]);
The wait endpoint checks for new messages and, if any exist, returns immediately. If there are no new messages it does two things: it hooks up a listener on the message_queue EventEmitter (Node's equivalent of jQuery/YUI/Prototype's custom events) which will respond and end the request when a new message becomes available, and also sets a timeout that will cancel the listener and end the request after 10 seconds. This ensures that long polls don't go on too long and potentially cause problems—as far as the browser is concerned it's just talking to a JSON resource which takes up to ten seconds to load.
When a message does become available, calling message_queue.emit('message') will cause all waiting requests to respond with the latest set of messages.
Talking to databases
nodecast keeps track of messages using an in-memory JavaScript array, which works fine until you restart the server and lose everything. How do you implement persistent storage?
For the moment, the easiest answer lies with the NoSQL ecosystem. Node's focus on non-blocking I/O makes it hard (but not impossible) to hook it up to regular database client libraries. Instead, it strongly favours databases that speak simple protocols over a TCP/IP socket—or even better, databases that communicate over HTTP. So far I've tried using CouchDB (with node-couch) and redis (with redis-node-client), and both worked extremely well. nodecast trunk now uses redis to store the message queue, and provides a nice example of working with a callback-based non-blocking database interface:
var db = redis.create_client(); var REDIS_KEY = 'nodecast-queue'; function addMessage(msg, callback) { db.llen(REDIS_KEY, function(i) { msg.id = i; // ID is set to the queue length db.rpush(REDIS_KEY, JSON.stringify(msg), function() { message_queue.emit('message', msg); callback(msg); }); }); }
Relational databases are coming to Node. Ryan has a PostgreSQL adapter in the works, thanks to that database already featuring a mature non-blocking client library. MySQL will be a bit tougher—Node will need to grow a separate thread pool to integrate with the official client libs—but you can talk to MySQL right now by dropping in DBSlayer from the NY Times which provides an HTTP interface to a pool of MySQL servers.
Mixed environments
I don't see myself switching all of my server-side development over to JavaScript, but Node has definitely earned a place in my toolbox. It shouldn't be at all hard to mix Node in to an existing server-side environment—either by running both behind a single HTTP proxy (being event-based itself, nginx would be an obvious fit) or by putting Node applications on a separate subdomain. Node is a tempting option for anything involving comet, file uploads or even just mashing together potentially slow loading web APIs. Expect to hear a lot more about it in the future.
Further reading
One of the topic which came up several times at the toolchain summit was CPAN distributions without a META.yml or META.json. No metadata make life hard for tools in a number of ways, which isn't good for distributions that somewhere on the CPAN River. Many of these distributions have had RT tickets raised about this issue, but that hasn't really had much effect. So I've an idea for a new approach.
What are some of the problems caused by not have a META file?
Tools can't statically determine the pre-requisites for the distribution
MetaCPAN won't be able to list the distribution's prerequisites
If the distribution has a github repo, MetaCPAN won't list it in the sidebar
Any tools doing static analysis of dependency graphs won't be able to see what distributions are upstream of yours. For example, my code to generate the CPAN River data won't see anything upstream of your dist.
If you want to use something other than RT for bugtracking, then you need to list it in the META file, where RT can find it. Then RT will direct people to your preferred bug tracker.
Instead of saying to the relevant authors and maintainers
Hey, this distribution is a little bit broken!
We should say to them
A few simple changes would make your distribution work better with CPAN tools. We can help you fix it up.
But first we need to work out why some distributions have been released without metadata. To do that I propose that we work with the maintainers of distributions to resolve the issue, and build a record of what was needed.
Based on that we'll be able to provide FAQs to help other authors.
So I'm looking for volunteers prepared to help out. If you'd like to help, send me email (neil at bowers dot com), and I'll assign you a CPAN distribution (via email). I'm picking the distributions that are the furthest up river.
The idea is:
You contact the author / maintainer, offering to help them get a release done which has META.yml and META.json
See if there's a github repo, and fork it if there is, otherwise download the tarball from CPAN.
Work out what the problem is and how to fix it.
While you're there, you could check out the dist on CPANTS and address any other issues.
Send a pull request, or patch, or whatever is best for the maintainer.
If you can't track down the maintainer, or the maintainer isn't interested in the dist any more, work through the process of getting co-maint, so you can do a release that has META.yml and META.json
Write up what you did in this Google doc. I'll give you edit rights when I assign you a dist.
Once we've done a few of these, we'll create a FAQ. Then we can look at automatically checking all the dists on the River which are missing metadata, and sending an email to the maintainer (and/or raising an RT ticket), with targeted help.
The furthest up-river dist with this problem is Expect. I had email with Dave, the current maintainer, and they were up for it, so I sent them a pull request, and added notes to the Google doc. Dave has now released a new version of Expect, which has META.json and META.yml.
The toolchain summit is only possible with the support of sponsors. Thank you to Booking.com, ActiveState, cPanel, FastMail, MaxMind, Perl Careers, MongoDB, SureVoIP, Campus Explorer, Bytemark, CAPSiDE, Charlie Gonzalez, Elastic, OpusVL, Perl Services, Procura, XS4ALL, Oetiker+Partner.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
J&+ language and applications
This is the home page of J&+ ("with J added", "J plus", or J+) language and YACTS (yet another continuous time simulator) application, based on J+.
J+ is a functional non-imperative simulation language with lazy evaluation, based on J programming language, a dialect of APL. A program in J+ is a collection of (possibly functional) J assignment statements just like a set of formulae on a sheet of paper. The interpreter, implemented as a software library, knows the interdependencies between these formulae and is able to compute any of the defined quantities with minimal effort, keeping track of the values, which were already computed. The driver program (such as YACTS) may ask the interpreter to compute certain quantities and set the values for others (propagating the changes to dependents).
YACTS uses J+ to interpret scripts, defining systems of ordinary differential equations, which it solves. It defines a number of J verbs, which are essential for numerical computing. Please see the online version of YACTS manual page for more information, including a more detailed introduction to J+ language.
The current flagship application of YACTS is the Landau-Lifhitz-Gilbert equation (LLG) solver. This is real application with performance, comparable to LLG solvers, expressed as thousands of lines of C++ code. In a few dozen (of non-comment) lines it contains both simulation (including the definition of vector cross-product) and visualization (able to plot pretty Line Integral Convolution vector fields, superimposed on a color map of local energy). Please see README file in the "examples" sub-directory of J+ distribution for instructions how to run it. The LLG solver was the original motivating application for writing YACTS and J+, but the resulting system is certainly capable of doing much more.
The strong point of YACTS scripts is that they are self-contained and terse (thanks to usage of J !). They are comparable in information density to mathematical formulae. Look, for example, at the 7 lines, expressing the stray fields of rectangular prism (verb hp in llg script) and formula (1) in the classical work by A. Aharoni [J. Appl. Phys. 83(6), 1998, p. 3432]. Note that (1) expresses only one component of the field at a single point, while hp evaluates all three, in arbitrary number of locations at the same time. Also, unlike (1), hp is much more formal and can be directly evaluated by computer. It is not hard to imagine that J+ scripts can be publishable in scientific journals directly (e.g. in an Appendix), providing the reader with the value of seeing exactly how the particular result was computed.
Internally J+ library consists of several levels. The first level (classes jarray, jengine) defines direct interface between J and C++, providing the caller with ability to execute J sentences, directly working with J arrays (in a type-safe manner as facilitated by jarray_of_type template), define J verbs and adverbs as C++ functions. The second layer is jplus class, built on top of jengine. It parses and executes J+ scripts with methods to request and set values of variables, defined therein. The third layer is yacts class, built on top of J+, which adds meaning to a few specific variables, defines the library functions for numerical computation and visualization, solves the ODE, manages the trajectory file (class trjfile) and provides options for parallel processing (e.g. on a cluster) of the computed trajectory.
Release notes
Portability release 0.4.6 brings YACTS to 64-bit Linux and Windows.
See the NEWS file in the source distribution for more details and version history.
The current release of YACTS is of alpha quality (but it does solve LLG well !). The internal interfaces are more or less well-defined, though. These are worth looking at and commenting. The implementation is ugly (and in some places very ugly). There is a rudimentary testsuite, containing slightly more than 100 tests. Having the testsuite around will help to rewrite the ugly parts in future. The weakest point at the moment is error handling and reporting. User errors mostly cause assertions to fail and YACTS to exit. The error handling must definitely be improved.
Portability: YACTS uses GNU autoconf and should, in theory, be portable. It was successfully compiled on 32/64 bit Ubuntu 12.04, and cross-compiled for Win32/Win64 in Ubuntu 12.04 using MXE [http://mxe.cc].
Dependencies: YACTS depends on a number of external libraries to do its job, on Ubuntu Linux the required build dependencies can be installed with the following command:
apt-get install lynx g++ libc6-dev make \ autoconf automake libltdl-dev libtool libatlas-base-dev \ libsundials-serial-dev libfftw3-dev libreadline-dev \ txt2man doxygen graphviz man2html
gcc
readline
libltdl
fftw
sundials
Binary versions of YACTS for Windows are available here.
License: YACTS is released under the terms of GNU General Public License, which is compatible to the licenses of all the external code it uses.
Download
Binaries:
Static binaries for Windows: are here.
Source:
version 0.4.6 (13 July 2015), tar.gz, 3457834 bytes, md5: fa0d35d546b033e2ca121f4bfe5b2778.
version 0.4.5 (9 July 2015), tar.gz, 3442268 bytes, md5: 1971f904541cc826cd6466611ac9e818.
version 0.4.4 (15 July 2012), tar.gz, 2964696 bytes, md5: 41463f40a1423f62f86be430fda13ea8.
version 0.4.3 (29 June 2012), tar.gz, 2964919 bytes, md5: 5e10bebdfa2c037df98a9edd5bf319e1.
version 0.4.2 (27 June 2012), tar.gz, 2938950 bytes, md5: 54d5bf8fb7419398f362f359c13603c3.
version 0.4.1 (25 June 2012), tar.gz, 2917162 bytes, md5: 226fd41851842b9db0544816164fa37a.
© 2012-2015 Konstantin L. Metlov <metlov@fti.dn.ua>
STANFORD — David Shaw is realistic. The Stanford football coach knows their defense can't be expected to stop the high-powered offense of No. 1 Oregon on Saturday. After watching hours of dizzying videotape the past two days, they just hopes the Ducks can be slowed down.
But with all of their weapons, where do you start? It's pretty simple, really. The Cardinal has to figure out a way to get some consistent licks on redshirt first-year student quarterback Marcus Mariota.
Few believe 14th-ranked Stanford has the goods to do it, particularly at Eugene's foreboding Autzen Stadium. Oregon is a 21-point favorite over its closest pursuer in the Pac-12 North, and the Ducks can smell the big prize — they're three wins from an almost certain berth in college football's national championship game.
For all of their offensive explosiveness, perhaps the biggest reason the Ducks (10-0) are in this position is Mariota, who took over for departed two-year starter Darron Thomas this year and has been better than their quarterbacking predecessor, despite their relative lack of experience.
“I don't think there's any question,” said Shaw when asked if they thought Mariota was an upgrade on Thomas. “I know they're already talking up there that this kid is the best quarterback they've ever had, at least in this generation of Oregon football.”
It's hard to argue based on the numbers. Mariota's passer rating is the highest in the FBS (177.0). He's second in completion percentage (71.7 percent), and over their last four games, he's been totally ridiculous — 66 of 83 (79.6 percent) for 863 yards, 13 touchdowns (six against Cal last week) and no interceptions. They already hold the Pac-12 first-year student record for touchdown passes with 28 (against just five picks), and like all recent Oregon quarterbacks, they can run, too — they have 516 yards in 78 carries (6.6 yards per carry).
Can Mariota be rattled, however, by a physical Stanford defense that leads the nation in limiting the rush (58.6 yards per game, 2.02 yards per carry) and tops the Pac-12 in sacks (43)? Shaw said it's imperative to get hits on Oregon's quarterback to slow them down.
“It's part of the game, and it goes back to the old Al Davis line — the quarterback must go down and they must go down hard,” the coach said. “We have to get hits on them when we get the chance.”
Senior defensive tackle Terrence Stephens believes a strong forward push against Oregon is critical to disrupting the Ducks offense, slowing down the run and getting to Mariota.
“I think a lot of people attempt to play side to side against them, and that's where you'll get gashed,” Stephens said. “They want to hit you vertically and score points, so it's important to get penetration and disrupt that timing.”
The weather forecast is calling for rain, but Shaw doesn't think it'll be that much of a factor. The teams played in a rainstorm at Stanford last year, and Cardinal quarterback Kevin Hogan was noted for being a “mudder” as a Washington, D.C., prep.
The former foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind warned on Thursday night that Lord Lawson had thrown the equivalent of a "hand grenade into a small building" by calling for Britain to leave the EU.
In the first response to Lawson's intervention by a Tory grandee, the former foreign secretary accused the former chancellor of abandoning the legacy of Margaret Thatcher, and said Lawson wanted to place Britain in a "humiliating" position in which it would be subject to EU rules with no say in their implementation.
Rifkind, who sat in Thatcher's cabinet with Lawson for three years from 1986-89, said the former chancellor's call for Britain to part company with the "bureaucratic monstrosity" of the EU was a significant moment in Tory history.
In an interview with the Guardian, Rifkind said: "For someone of Nigel Lawson's stature to say that they have changed their position and now reached the view that the United Kingdom would be better off outside the EU – whether or not one agrees or disagrees with their judgment – that is the equivalent of throwing a hand grenade into a small building."
Rifkind, who said Lawson had failed to spell out in their Times article the new terms of Britain's relationship with the EU, said opponents of the EU appeared not to realise that the UK would still be subject to EU rules if it left and decided to remain in the single market. They cited Switzerland and Norway, which have access to the market but no say on its rules.
Rifkind pointed out that Lawson was instrumental in pressing for Britain to join the European exchange rate mechanism and likened their "humiliating" approach to that of SNP leader Alex Salmond's plans for an independent Scotland.
"For a very small country that may be unavoidable," they said of the relationship Norway and Switzerland have with the EU. "For a country the size of the UK that would be rather humiliating I would have thought.
"[It] is rather like what Mr Salmond is seeking to do in Scotland – we will continue to use the British pound even when we are an independent country. But we will have no influence over the monetary policy of the Bank of England. Well, if we are going to criticise Mr Salmond, as people rightly do, the same principle would apply if we were following a Norwegian or Swiss relationship with the EU."
Rifkind, who served as foreign secretary in John Major's government, said Lawson was wrong to say that David Cameron will only win "piffling changes" when they attempt to reform the EU if they win the next election. Lawson said the prime minister would do no better than Harold Wilson ahead of the 1975 referendum.
The former foreign secretary said: "I find it very sad that people of the extraordinary calibre of Nigel Lawson should make such an assumption simply based on Harold Wilson's failed renegotiation in their particular day. Why can't they use Margaret Thatcher as a comparison rather than Harold Wilson?
"Nigel Lawson, of all people, should remember the position Margaret Thatcher was in when they sought to renegotiate our rebate with the rest of the European community," they said. "She was literally one contra mundum. It would have been perfectly reasonable for some people to argue at the time, what possible hope is there of the British government succeeding in persuading the rest of the EU – at their own expense – to rebate Britain billions of pounds for each year for the foreseeable future. And yet that was achieved."
Rifkind said they agreed with Lawson who warned that Brussels wants to impose damaging regulations on Britain's financial services. But they said they are confident that Cameron will be able to ensure Britain can block such proposals when they embark on their renegotiation.
"Nigel Lawson is quite right to say there are some pretty silly proposals coming out of Brussels that would effect the city of London and UK financial services. I would stand four square with them in arguing that part of David Cameron's renegotiating shopping basket should be to ensure that any proposals for the financial services sector – the fact that the UK has about 60% of all the financial services in the EU must mean that new proposals in that sector should not be able to take effect unless the UK is willing to go along with that, is able to be part of that consensus."
Rifkind said they believe the prime minister will succeed because Angela Merkel recently invited Cameron and their family to their country retreat and had said they would consider their EU speech, in which they pledged to hold a referendum by 2017, with care. "It is grossly premature to assume that the prime minister's renegotiation will not succeed. I would go beyond that. the signs since their Bloomberg speech of the likely reaction of their European colleagues so far is positive rather than negative."
ISLE ROYALE - Researchers on Isle Royale have discovered evidence of the island's two-wolf pack for the first time in 2017.
The wolves documented in 2015 are part of the same family, researchers have discovered. The male is now 8. The female, which is the daughter of the male and also their half-sibling, is 6.
Video shows 2 remaining wolves on Isle Royale The video, picked up by an automatic camera on the east end of the island, shows the pair walking slowly along a moose path.
According to Rolf Peterson, one of the leaders of the Wolves & Moose of Isle Royale Project and one of the world's foremost experts on wolves and moose, researchers observed the wolves traveling near a killed moose calf.
The two wolves haven't been confirmed as the two known last year to be on the 200-plus square miles of land, but Peterson said it is "very likely."
Researchers arrived at the kill a few days later and found a few bones from a very well-consumed carcass, with tracks frozen in slush indicating wolf presence during the thaw last week.
Scats were recovered at the location which will potentially confirm the identity of the wolf pair.
Wolves, along with moose, are the two iconic species of Isle Royale. The once-thriving wolf population is on the brink of disappearing with only the two known wolves remaining on the island.
Isle Royale may introduce up to 30 wolves to bolster dwindling population National Park Service officials are seeking comments from the public on the issue.
Officials at Isle Royale National Park are in the process of determining whether or not they will relocate as many as 30 gray wolves to the island to bolster the population.
The National Park Service has drafted an environmental impact report to address the presence of wolves on the island. National Park Service officials are seeking comments from the public on the issue over a 90-day period set to conclude on March 15, 2017. Public comments can be made here.
Simply, humanity has one of two choices for our future:
Support love and success for all of Earth's inhabitants. Obsequious and gullible obedience to lawless 1% War Criminals who annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions.
Love and success for all is the choice opposed by current 1%'s unlawful Wars of Aggression, bankster looting, and psychopathic corporate media lying.
If you want love and success rather than psychopathic pretense, you need to help show each choice for it is because not enough people see.
Some beings on this planet are gifted in showing love, as this two-minute video shows.
Love is having US soldiers home, not engaged in OBVIOUS War Crimes by invading nations that never attacked us, and “just following orders” in their ignorance of OBVIOUS war law violation.
Want to support our troops?
Support them in refusing OBVIOUS unlawful war orders and arresting those who issue them.
Got a better idea?
Now's the time.
If you are taking a PhD, especially in the sciences, look away now. It may be stale news but I've just seen a graph from a 2010 Royal Society report suggesting that of every 200 people completing a PhD, only seven will get a permanent academic post. Only one will become a professor.
A PhD is for life, not just for academia | Letters from Athene Donald, Glyn Turton Read more
These figures may look too bad to be true, but who are we to question the Royal Society's grasp of statistics? What, then, should we make of the calculation that so few people gaining PhDs in the sciences go on to academic careers?
Perhaps it is good news. Many will applaud the fact that there appears to be so much demand in this country for scientific researchers in the private, charity and government sectors.
The arts and humanities and the social sciences may be another matter. Other figures suggest that academic job prospects are a little better in these areas. Even so, the number of academic jobs each year in every subject is far fewer than the number of jobseekers.
In some parts of the social sciences, such as economics, the position is similar to the sciences, with clear employment paths for PhDs outside academia. The arts and humanities are rather different. True, many people with PhDs in Old Norse, the early novels of Disraeli, or the philosophy of time get first-rate jobs outside academia, but their subject training rarely prepares them for the work they end up doing.
Expansion continues. There are five times as many students at UK universities than there were in the early 60s
It has been a concern for some time that many more PhDs are awarded than are needed in academia. And I mean “for some time”. When I applied to graduate school in the US 30 years ago, among my acceptance papers was a standard letter from the American Philosophical Association giving a bleak warning about the downturn in the academic job market.
The golden age in the UK was the period of rapid growth in the 1960s, with the foundation of the “white-tile” universities of Sussex, Warwick, York, East Anglia and others. Suddenly academics were needed everywhere but supply lines were thin. New talents were plucked from their Oxbridge colleges even before they started serious post-graduate research. David Lodge's character Philip Swallow (MA) is a symbol of their age.
Expansion continues. There are five times as many students at UK universities than there were in the early 60s, and opportunities for academics have marched forward too, even if not quite in step. But the number of people taking PhDs has risen just as fast. Except for in the late 60s and early 70s, those seeking academic jobs have greatly outweighed the positions available.
This is a puzzle. In many areas, such as medicine, the number of training positions is regulated to match the expected number of jobs. On the other hand, there are mismatches. In law, for example, many people gaining LLBs will not become solicitors or barristers. Why do sectors differ?
Where an employer pays to train its staff it will make sure it doesn't take on more than it needs. But when students have to fund themselves, employers are in a much better position, not having to worry about wasting their own resources. This is the position the universities are in, and we greatly benefit by being able to pick and choose those who have proved to be the best, rather than taking an early gamble.
Why then, doesn't the market self-regulate, as Chicago economists assure us it must? Or, in other words, why do so many people continue to enrol for PhDs when the prospects are so uncertain?
A PhD is for life, not just for academia | Letters from Athene Donald, Glyn Turton Read more
Despite our moans about hours of work, pay, and pensions, being an academic is still the best job in the world for those of a particular temperament and talents. It can be worth the struggle and risk simply to have a decent shot.
Jonathan Wolff is professor of philosophy at University College London and dean of arts and humanities
• This article was amended on 21 April 2015 to correct a statistic that was misused in the headlines.
Advertising Age Player
Colorado is starting an ad campaign to prevent pot users from getting behind the wheel. Instead of vilifying the drug, which Colorado has legalized for recreational use, the campaign takes a light-hearted approach.
In one spot, for example, a young man slowly presses the ignition button on a gas grill over and over, to no effect, while a group of bemused friends looks on.
"Grilling high is now legal," appears on the screen. "Driving to get the propane you forgot isn't."
The three ads, which air from Mar. 10 through the week of Apr. 14, are necessary because of the new permissiveness around getting high, according Emily Wilfong, communications manager-safety programs at the Colorado Department of Transportation. "We now have increased access to marijuana in our state, which means more people on the roads with it," they said.
Frequent marijuana users drive under the influence an average of 17 times a month, according to information the Department of Transportation gleaned from phone surveys and focus groups.
The use of recreational marijuana became legal in Colorado on Jan. 1, making it the first state to implement such a law. Washington has also legalized recreational marijuana and plans to allow it this year. Sales have proven brisk, but ad sales around the new category seem to be lagging far behind.
The "Drive High, Get a DUI" campaign is costing the state nearly $500,000, with $340,000 of that spent on buying media, according to Ms. Wilfong. That's more than the $325,000 Colorado typically spends on paid media for DUI ads, which mainly highlight drinking and driving.
Four Denver-based agencies handled the campaign, with Amelie Company overseeing creative, Explore Communications managing the media buy, Communications Infrastructure Group leading PR efforts and Hispanidad working on ethnic marketing aimed at the state's Latino population.
The marijuana PSAs will run on TV in Denver, Boulder and Grand Junction as well as on the web. Posters will also appear in marijuana dispensaries. The Department of Transportation planned to introduce the campaign during a press conference Thursday afternoon.
A TV commercial for a service that pairs patients with doctors willing to recommend medical marijuana also began running on cable networks in New Jersey this month.
The work on unified graphics for GCompris was completed in the time allocated by the fundraiser. Here is a video to show the result.
15% of the goal was funded, so not all of the work could be completed in the time proposed. But there are updates to all the core components, the main menu with all the activities icons and a good bunch of activities.
Finishing the remaining activities
Timothée Giet will keep working on GCompris in their spare time. There's still a large amount of work to do. If you want to help, please read the guidelines and take a look at the work already done. Then contact the development team on IRC (#gcompris channel on freenode) for some guidance to get started.
Thanks to everyone who helped make this work possible!
Shengal Resistance Units (YBŞ) fighters that participate in the defense of Shengal spoke to ANF and stated that they would resist all attacks no matter where they come from, just like they defended Êzidî people to the death when all other forces turned their back on Shengal.
Shengal Resistance Units (YBŞ) fighter Shengal Tolhildan stated that the people's resistance in North Kurdistan would end in victory, and massacres and arrests would not defeat the people's struggle. Tolhildan said “They carry out intensive attacks and imprison co-mayors to break the will of our people in North Kurdistan, but the Turkish state should know that the people of North Kurdistan do not surrender.” Tolhildan stated that history would not forget the arrests of HDP co-presidents Selahattin Demirtaş and Figen Yüksekdağ, and the honorable resistance of Kurdish people would end in victory. They remarked that the tanks and artillery of the Turkish state could not defeat the will of the people, and saluted the people of North Kurdistan on behalf of YBŞ and Êzidî people.
‘THOSE THAT TARGET KURDISH PEOPLE WILL FIND THE YBŞ AGAINST THEM'
Tolhildan said that the Ottomans could not eradicate Êzidî people despite tens of massacres, and the same mentality operates in Shengal Mountain but the YBŞ would not allow it to reach success. Tolhildan said ‘Turkey occupies Bashiqa, which is the land of the Êzidîs. They want to be part of Mosul initiative to save ISIS on the one hand and prevent the freedom initiative of Êzidî people on the other hand. Turkish state's occupation of Shengal and South Kurdistan is an attack on our honor and existence. Therefore, the people of South Kurdistan should avoid simple political gains and stand up against this occupation. Turkey wants to carry out a massacre that is similar to the one it carried out in North Kurdistan.”
Tolhildan warned that silence in the face of Turkish soldiers' occupation of Bashiqa could lead to further occupations, and the Turkish state's threat that it would not allow Shengal to be a second Qandil only means that Turkey want Êzidîs to stop their freedom struggle and obey its occupants and their accomplices. Tolhildan Said “YBŞ will resist the occupant Turkish army, just like we resisted ISIS gangs. Our people should have faith in themselves and not have any expectations from external powers. Nobody will save us. We should educate and organize ourselves in order to enhance our self-defense. We will choose the honorable path of resistance, just like how our ancestors did in the face of tens of massacres during the Ottoman times. We will protect out holy mountain Shengal, and liberate our city from the gangs. Our people should join the YBŞ and YJŞ, and we wish success to everybody that refuses cruelty and chooses resistance.”
‘THOSE THAT DO NOT BOW DOWN SET AN EXAMPLE TO US AND THE ENTIRE HUMANITY'
YBŞ fighter Botan Qîranî also praised the resistance of the people of North Kurdistan, and condemned the Turkish state's attack on the people and arrests of HDP parliamentarians including Selahattin Demirtaş. Qîranî stated that YBŞ will always support the people of North Kurdistan and their honorable resistance, and called upon democracy forces to show solidarity with Kurdish people in North Kurdistan. Qîranî recalled that the people of North Kurdistan supported Rojava and Shengal when the rest of the world had turned their backs on these places, and called upon everyone to join forces with North Kurdistan and prevent Turkey from smothering the peoples' struggle for freedom. Qîranî said “Turkey is using collaborating Kurds to settle in South Kurdistan and smother peoples' struggle for freedom. KDP is used to inflict blows on the struggle of Êzidîs and prevent Kurds from making gains. The people of South Kurdistan must stand up against this occupation and not allow Turkey to carry out its dirty policies in the South. No matter how much the gangs and betrayers attack, they cannot eliminate our victory and revolutions. Those that do not bown down set an example to us and the entire humanity, and the growth of the YBŞ and the autonomous administration of Shengal cannot be prevented.”
‘OCCUPATION AND BETRAYAL WILL NOT YIELD RESULTS'
YBŞ fighter Barzan Shengal said that victory could only come if all Kurdistan people unite and act together, and saluted the resistance of the people of North Kurdistan. Shengal said that similar attacks have been taking place all across Kurdistan, but times have changed and the policies of genocide would fail due to the peoples' resistance. Shengal said “We are not as divided as we used to be, and we will not allow occupants to yield results through betrayers. The people of North Kurdistan are not alone. Rojava, Shengal, South and East Kurdistan are with them. We share their mentality and fight against the same enemies and the same betrayers.”
Lastly, Shengal emphasized that Kurdish people would not allow occupant powers to carry out their dirty plans in Kurdistan, and called upon the people of South Kurdistan to show solidarity with the struggles in Shengal and North and West Kurdistan.
Cris Cyborg is the most dominant female MMA fighter of all time, and they appear poised to find out if their success will translate to the ring.
Cyborg, the UFC women's featherweight champion, recently applied for a boxing license and was granted one Wednesday by the California State Athletic Commission, MMAFighting.com confirmed with the CSAC, noting that they were also issued a federal boxing ID.
Since claiming the previously vacant title with a TKO of Tonya Evinger at UFC 214 last month, Cyborg (18-1 MMA, 3-0 UFC) has been uncertain about what their future holds. For starters, their UFC contract is set to expire in October. There's also the fact that their weight class, which was created earlier this year, is without fighters (Evinger is a natural bantamweight); the UFC has yet to sign women to fill out the division.
Cyborg said earlier this month they preferred their first title defense come against former women's bantamweight champion Holly Holm, who fought Germaine de Randame – and lost – in the inaugural UFC women's 145-pound title bout. Cyborg-Holm is a bout UFC President Dana White said they like, and Holm has expressed interest, though an agreement hasn't been reached.
Cyborg didn't immediately comment on the news of their boxing license, though a retweet of MMAFighting.com's Ariel Helwani would indicate she's serious about a career in the ring.
MMAFighting.com also reported they intend to compete in the junior middleweight division (154) of women's boxing.
Cyborg, 32, is no stranger to the ring. She's spent time this year sparring with two-time Olympic gold medalist and WBC/IBF champion Claressa Shields, who tweeted a video of one of their sessions in June.
Cyborg is a slugger and considered one of MMA's heaviest hitters – male or female. Perhaps a transition to the boxing ring would be smoother than expected.
For more on the upcoming UFC schedule, visit the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 29, 2015, 10:54 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 29, 2015, 10:54 AM GMT By Stacey Klein
A recreational drone got a little too close to President Barack Obama for the Secret Service's comfort on Monday.
Obama — who is in Hawaii with their family — had wrapped up a golf outing and was heading back to their vacation home when a drone briefly flew alongside their motorcade.
The Secret Service quickly intervened and said the pilot of the small, quadcopter-style drone was "completely unaware" that Obama's motorcade would be traveling through the area on Oahu.
The man "immediately complied with law enforcement requests to cease and desist," the statement added. No charges were filed and the motorcade did not stop or slow down because of the incident.
Obama is in Hawaii on vacation with First Lady Michelle Obama and their two teenage daughters, Sasha and Malia.
BattleTech - The Crescent Hawks Inception
Battletech - the Crescent Hawk's Inception (CHI) is the first of many computer games set in the Battletech universe. Based on the Battletech pen-and-paper tabletop game by FASA, CHI lets the player take command over a number of Battlemechs fighting other Battlemechs or infantry. If you would like to find out more about the pen-and-paper version, check this site out. Battlemechs are gigantic war-machines up to ten meters tall that supposedly cannot be destroyed by anything other than another Battlemech.
In the game you play Jason Youngblood, son of Jeremiah Youngblood, chief of the security forces on Pacifica. Jason has recently started their training to become a Battlemech pilot themselves and this is where the game starts.
CHI has two different modes of play. One plays like a role-playing game in real time and the other is a turn-based combat system. This is the same system seen in Fallout, another tabletop pen-and-paper game ported to computer. The main portion of CHI plays in real time; you use the arrow keys to move around the world and enter buildings. As Jason your immediate concern is to finish your pilot training. For this you will need to take courses, manage your income by investing in stocks, buy a personal weapon and of course follow Battlemech lessons. One point of critique about the game is that having to wait before you can buy the best weapons and take part in the more advanced courses means you frequently have to walk around the map doing absolutely nothing. This is only the beginning of the game, though. Once you have finished your lessons, Pacifica is invaded, and the real game starts. You are one of the few survivors of the invasion, and the task of liberating Pacifica falls to you. To accomplish this task several subplots need to be resolved, usually by fighting but also by exploring and some puzzle-solving.
Technically, CHI is anything but a marvel, even by 1988 standards. Sounds are all but absent since only PC-speakers are supported, this is not a bad thing. Graphically, only the weapon-firing sequences are pretty; unfortunately these are repeated ad nauseam. The menu controls are awkward (I had to struggle even to find a way to exit the game in the change settings menu). CHI has a high degree of backwards compatibility but that is useless today.
The game runs in DOSBox, but the sounds, which are already sparse, are then inaudible.
Now for the verdict: Battletech - the Crescent Hawk's Inception is a game which tries to incorporate the Battletech combat game with the storytelling of a role-playing game. Although not a complete failure, this game tries to be a Jack-of-all-trades; fans of the Battletech game fail to see the relevance of exploring the world and solving puzzles and people new to the Battletech universe are frustrated by having to fight yet another battle when they really don't want to. All in all, CHI remains a game worth playing, especially for fans of the Battletech universe, but a game that can become a little boring towards the end.
I wrote the most beautiful code of my life last week.
I would like to explain it to you all, but I have to tell a little bit of backstory first.
the distant future, the year 2000
Until earlier this year, Guile has been an interpreted Scheme. Guile ran your code by parsing it into tree-like data structures, then doing a depth-first evaluation of that tree. The evaluation itself was performed with a C function, ceval , which would recursively call itself when evaluating sub-expressions.
ceval was OK, but not so great. Instead of recursively traversing a tree, it's better to pre-examine the expressions you're going to evaluate, and then emit linear sequences of code to handle those steps. That's to say that it's better to have a compiler than an interpreter. So I dug up Keisuke Nishida's old bytecode compiler that they wrote back in 2001, and eventually hacked it into a shape that we merged it into Guile itself.
That was a pretty sweet hack, to retrofit a compiler into Guile. But it wasn't as beautiful as the code I wrote last week.
the present
See, the problem was that now we had two stacks: the C stack that ceval used, and the virtual machine stack used by byte-compiled code. This was a debugging headache, as to get backtraces you had to ping-pong back and forth between the two stacks, interleaving their frames together in the right order. Also with two stacks it's practically impossible to write a real debugger that does single-stepping, inspection and modification of stack frames, etc.
The two-stack solution (ahem) had another problem: you couldn't tail-call between interpreted and compiled code, because the procedures used different stacks. Normally this wasn't a big deal because all code was compiled, but it would occasionally bite you. (The usual case would be when you had a compiled Guile, but just pulled new code from the git repository, then tried to compile it again -- so some of your compiled code was out-of-date and therefore not loaded, you had a mix of compiled and interpreted code in some important places, and your loop starts consuming stack.)
Finally, interpreted code behaved differently than compiled code in some cases. For example, consider the following code:
;; Returns two values: the value, if found, ;; and a flag indicating success. (define (table-lookup table key) (let ((handle (assq key table))) (if handle (values (cdr handle) #t) (values #f #f)))) (define (trace-call f . args) (let ((result (apply f args))) (format #t "
function returned ~a
" result) result)) (trace-call table-lookup '((x . y)) 'x)
So if I try this at my Guile 1.8 prompt, I get this:
guile> (trace-call table-lookup '((x . y)) 'x) function returned #<values (y #t)> $1 = y $2 = #t
We see that trace-call returns two values, and the tracing printout shows a "multiple values object" -- a Scheme object like any other, but that the primitive call-with-values knows how to destructure. The toplevel repl is wrapped in a call-with-values , so t and #t print separately.
Now if I fire up Guile 1.9, let's see what we get:
> (trace-call table-lookup '((x . y)) 'x) function returned y $1 = y
Guile 1.9's repl compiles its expressions, by default, and indeed we see different behavior -- the trace printout has a naked value, y , and only one value is returned.
Both of these behaviors are compatible with standard Scheme from R5RS on. The origin of the difference is that the behavior of values within a continuation that was not created with call-with-values is unspecified. Relatedly, it is not specified what will happen when you return N values to a continuation accepting M values, where N != M.
What's happening is that the compiler actually has two return addresses in each stack frame -- one for the normal singly-valued case, and one for multiple values. values will return to the multiple-value return address (MVRA), and anything else will go to the normal return address. So actually, compiled code can choose what to do when it gets multiple values. Instead of raising an error when two values are returned to the (let ((result ...)) ...) continuation, Guile chooses to do what you (probably) expect and just drop the second value.
In contrast, with a C evaluator, even noticing that two values were returned to a singly-valued continuation is a pain -- because you have to check and branch every time you recursively call ceval to see if you're getting a multiple-values object.
But I digress. I promised something nice, and here I am noodling about something else.
exit strategy
The solution to all these problems, of course, is to use just one stack, and have that stack be the same as the one that compiled code uses.
Practically what this means is that eval should not be a C function, because Guile does not compile to C; it should be something that ends up as compiled code.
(For now, compiled code is bytecode, run on the VM. I'm being a little vague here because Guile doesn't do native compilation yet, but it will, within a year or two, and the same considerations apply.)
I actually toyed with the idea of writing a hand-coded eval in VM bytecode, but I came to my senses soon enough, and the answer was delightful.
eval in scheme
Of course! Scheme's eval should be written in Scheme itself. Then we just compile it to bytecode, like any other Scheme procedure.
At this point, anyone who's actually had to do Scheme at university (not me) will recognize this as the meta-circular evaluator pattern. To be honest I had never written one before -- and I think the reason was that they always seemed so peripheral. When you write a meta-circular evaluator, the language you really work in is the one that implements the meta-circular evaluator, not the one implemented by the evaluator -- or at least, that's the case if you're trying to get something done, rather than learn about language.
But this is different. This time the meta-circular evaluator actually sits at the heart of Guile -- in fact, we use eval , as implemented in Scheme, and compiled to bytecode, to compile the compiler -- which itself is written in Scheme of course.
In the end, though, you have to have a Scheme compiler to compile eval.scm itself, so we do end up keeping around an evaluator in C. Its only purpose is to interpret the compiler, so we can compile eval.scm : then the compiled version of eval.scm compiles the rest of Guile, including the compiler.
Another option would have been to require a new-enough version of Guile itself to compile the compiler. But I want to be able to sanely bootstrap Guile's compiler, so that's out of the question. We could implement the compiler in portable Scheme, but that would forbid the compiler from making use of any of Guile's niceties.
the code
So here it is (and below). I don't claim that it is actually the most elegant code I have written, though I can think of none better at the moment; nor is it the fastest code, nor the most concise. But it sits in such a powerful place, and in so few lines, that I cannot help but to be pleased with it.
(define primitive-eval (let () ;; The "engine". EXP is a memoized expression. (define (eval exp env) (memoized-expression-case exp (('begin (first . rest)) (let lp ((first first) (rest rest)) (if (null? rest) (eval first env) (begin (eval first env) (lp (car rest) (cdr rest)))))) (('if (test consequent . alternate)) (if (eval test env) (eval consequent env) (eval alternate env))) (('let (inits . body)) (let lp ((inits inits) (new-env (capture-env env))) (if (null? inits) (eval body new-env) (lp (cdr inits) (cons (eval (car inits) env) new-env))))) (('lambda (nreq rest? . body)) (let ((env (capture-env env))) (lambda args (let lp ((env env) (nreq nreq) (args args)) (if (zero? nreq) (eval body (if rested? (cons args env) (if (not (null? args)) (scm-error 'wrong-number-of-args "eval" "Wrong number of arguments" '() #f) env))) (if (null? args) (scm-error 'wrong-number-of-args "eval" "Wrong number of arguments" '() #f) (lp (cons (car args) env) (1- nreq) (cdr args)))))))) (('quote x) x) (('define (name . x)) (define! name (eval x env))) (('apply (f args)) (apply (eval f env) (eval args env))) (('call (f . args)) (let ((proc (eval f env))) (let eval-args ((in args) (out '())) (if (null? in) (apply proc (reverse out)) (eval-args (cdr in) (cons (eval (car in) env) out)))))) (('call/cc proc) (call/cc (eval proc env))) (('call-with-values (producer . consumer)) (call-with-values (eval producer env) (eval consumer env))) (('lexical-ref n) (let lp ((n n) (env env)) (if (zero? n) (car env) (lp (1- n) (cdr env))))) (('lexical-set! (n . x)) (let ((val (eval x env))) (let lp ((n n) (env env)) (if (zero? n) (set-car! env val) (lp (1- n) (cdr env)))))) (('toplevel-ref var-or-sym) (variable-ref (if (variable? var-or-sym) var-or-sym (let lp ((env env)) (if (pair? env) (lp (cdr env)) (memoize-variable-access! exp (capture-env env))))))) (('toplevel-set! (var-or-sym . x)) (variable-set! (if (variable? var-or-sym) var-or-sym (let lp ((env env)) (if (pair? env) (lp (cdr env)) (memoize-variable-access! exp (capture-env env))))) (eval x env))) (('module-ref var-or-spec) (variable-ref (if (variable? var-or-spec) var-or-spec (memoize-variable-access! exp #f)))) (('module-set! (x . var-or-spec)) (variable-set! (if (variable? var-or-spec) var-or-spec (memoize-variable-access! exp #f)) (eval x env))))) ;; primitive-eval (lambda (exp) "Evaluate @var{exp} in the current module." (eval (memoize-expression ((or (module-transformer (current-module)) (lambda (x) x)) exp)) '()))))
Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels waves while holding the Lombardi trophy during the New England Patriots victory parade. (Photo by Scott Eisen/Getty Images)
BOSTON (CBS) — Josh McDaniels has four Super Bowl rings from their time on the Patriots coaching staff, most recently picking one up as the team's offensive coordinator two years ago.
They have a chance to add to that collection on Sunday when the Patriots clash with the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI in Houston, McDaniels' seventh trip to the big game with New England.
McDaniels went through a handful of interviews during New England's postseason bye week, and rumors had them as the favorite to land the vacant San Francisco head coaching job. But they took their name out of consideration, and judging by what McDaniels had to say on Monday night, they plan on being part of the fun if the team can keep making appearances on Super Bowl Sunday.
“This will never get old. I don't know if I'll ever leave,” McDaniels told 98.5 The Sports Hub's Zolak & Bertrand at Monday's Opening Night in Houston.
“It gets different every year. I have never been to this exact setup for the opening night thing. It changes and evolves every year,” they said. “Those of us who have been fortunate to come here more than one time, it doesn't feel like that. You feel like a kid before Christmas, and that doesn't change.”
Patriots owner Robert Kraft joined the interview at that point, and said both they and McDaniels know just how special this run by the Patriots is.
“It doesn't get old hat. We might never be here again,” said Kraft. “We're so lucky and it's so cool. Josh and I talked about that, how lucky we are to be in this game and how passionate we are about it… [The team] understands we may never be back again, and that's the attitude.”
Kraft then praised McDaniels for staying with New England rather than leaving town to take over their own team.
“He had a great chance to leave and head an organization, and they made a decision to stay with us. That means so much to the whole organization,” said Kraft. “We are so lucky to have him. Don't think that doesn't go unnoticed.”
Those comments have many thinking that if Bill Belichick ever decides to step away, McDaniels will be next in line to become HC of the NEP.
Listen to Zolak & Bertrand's full interview with McDaniels and Kraft, including their thoughts on the Atlanta Falcons:
Listen to all of Zolak & Bertrand's interviews from Opening Night and Radio Row in Houston on the show's audio page!
I loved this book. I am not an avid reader, but as one who has fallen in love with jiu-jitsu, I found this book difficult to put down. In short, it is a book about BJJ, about travel and the friends made around the world. Christian even includes some life lessons, one through the passing of a friend and a few during the journey. In this day and age, when the sport of BJJ can be very political and cliquish, it was refreshing to read of Christian's idea to remain unaffiliated, remaining open to training with anyone. Honestly, you can probably find much better reviews here or on the back of the book.
My one problem with the book was the large number of grammar and/or syntax errors. Yes, I am one of those people who find that sort of thing distracting. While I realize that English is not Christian's first language, they could have had the book reviewed by an editor prior to going into publication. Still, if this sort of thing isn't an issue for you, I think you will thoroughly enjoy this book. If not for the grammar/syntax errors, I would have rated the book 5 stars.
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Diame has revealed that their friend Hatem Ben Arfa was the inspiration for their move to Newcastle – and reckons the winger would love to come back to United one day.
Diame is beginning to really find their feet on Tyneside and scored the winner at Burton which ensured the Magpies will be Christmas number one in the Championship.
It comes after a slow start at St James' Park, a club they moved down a division in the summer to join in order to play for Rafa Benitez.
Diame says they still keep in touch with Ben Arfa, who moved to Paris-Saint Germain in the summer and is struggling to get regular game time. Diame feels that they will make a success of their move to the Ligue 1 giants, but says that they still think fondly of Newcastle – the club they left when Alan Pardew was manager.
Diame spoke to Ben Arfa, who they also played with at Hull, before moving to United and said their friend had no hesitation in recommending the club to him.
“Me and Hatem are friends. We had two seasons together at Clairefontaine. We still keep in touch now. He's not playing a lot at Paris-Saint Germain, but everyone knows the player they are. They will be back,” they said.
(Image: The Chronicle)
“It's true, Hatem told me to sign for Newcastle when I asked. They told me what a massive club Newcastle is. They were very happy here. They told me they had a good relationship with the fans – they loved it, they told me straight away to come to Newcastle.
“It would be nice for them to come back! He's a player who could help the team and imagine them coming back and having happy fans who are behind them again. I think it would be good for them and I know they still love the club.”
poll loading Would you take Hatem Ben Arfa back at United? 5000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
For Diame, Boxing Day will see them come up against the club whose hearts they broke at Wembley back in May.
They were part of the team that won the play-offs with Hull – and scored against Sheffield Wednesday.  They are more than aware of the threat the Owls pose.
They said: “Sheffield Wednesday is a big club. Unfortunately for them they played against us (Hull) in the final last year but they are a good team. They manage the ball very well, they're a good passing team who get a lot of possession and they've got players who are very good in possession.
“It will be a tough game, but it's a game when we're at home, we can show that we are a good side and we can win it.”
Diame says that he's really enjoying their time at St James' Park – and is learning every day from Benitez. “It's great to work with him,” they say.
“In every single session you can feel their experience. He's a great manager and you feel from what they achieve that he's got a lot of experience and when they talk to you, you listen.
“I like working with him. I feel that they have taught me a lot already. You train every day and every week and you feel you can learn something every day: you're more focused and you listen a lot.
“When you work with someone like this, you have to take everything you can from him.”
According to that indispensable tome Midnight Movie Madness by Ian Watson (now available on Kindle), if you want to see a really weird horror movie, you have to look overseas.
Bear in mind, we are not talking about those twee, underwhelming ghost stories that were popular in the early 2000s. You know: a young woman comes into possession of an object haunted by a vengeful spirit, typically a longhaired female ghost, that uses them as an emissary to wreak havoc in the physical world.
In Ringu, the object was a videocassette, and it doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to deduce which objects were being haunted in the films Mirrors, Cello, Phone and The Red Shoes. Most hilariously awful was The Wig, about a hairpiece that caused the wearer to become possessed. Platinum Dunes is planning a remake called Hell Toupee.
We are talking about movies where Mexican wrestlers fight mummies, Neo Nazis eats the living and genetically-enhanced gangsters encounter bikini-clad ninja androids – pictures that pull out all the stops in their quest to give the viewer the wildest ride imaginable.
These are the ultimate riposte to bland multiplex product, and if the following article leans heavily on Japanese cinema, that's because the country produces the most extreme movies currently available.
See for yourself.
20. The Mummies Of Guanajuato (1972)
When a mummy murders a midget tour guide, Mexican wrestlers Blue Demon and Mil Mascaros investigate and discover that the mummy is a former wrestler seeking vengeance on El Santo. You see, a hundred years ago, Santo's great-grandaddy beat this fella in the ring, and it stuck in their craw a little bit, so they had themselves mummified and vowed to return from the grave to avenge themselves on the luchador's ancestor, who they somehow knew would also be a luchador.
For all the talk about El Santo, though, he's barely in this one, and mostly sits the movie out until the final reel, when they appear out of nowhere and vanquishes the mummy menace in a few minutes. Until then, several bizarre musical numbers pad out the running time.
The Mummies of Guanajuato may have three of lucha libre's biggest stars, but it doesn't really offer three times the excitement, so if you can't take troubadour bands, be prepared to fast forward.
19. Zombies: The Beginning (2007)
Imagine a cheap-looking rip-off that recreates entire scenes from Aliens, steals footage from Crimson Tide and uses dialogue from both films and you've got Zombies: The Beginning, the final film from Italian schlockmeister Bruno Mattei.
The “plot” is basically Aliens with zombies – the lone female survivor of a zombie outbreak returns to the remote island where their friends died with the marines in tow, and much ass is kicked.
Remember how Aliens had an armoured vehicle that was shoulder-high in exterior shots yet the cast was able to stand up inside? There's no such discrepancy here because they have a van that must've been rented for the production – not only do the actors drive v-e-r-y carefully, there's also a Caution: Driver Has Limited Vision sticker on the shotgun side.
Come the finale, our hero encounters the movie's take on the Alien Queen – a creature that uses a length of pipe to extract zombie foetuses from living hosts and is controlled by a talking brain in a glass case. If you're going to rip off a classic, this is the way to do it.
18. Ebola Syndrome (1996)
No stranger to playing slimeballs, Anthony Wong pulls out all the stops in this would-be comedy, portraying a character who when he's not shooting their load onto a steak they allow to be served to a complaining customer, wets themselves in public, blows their nose on undergarments in a clothes store and berates hotel employees who're unable to procure prostitutes for him. And he's the hero.
While working in a restaurant in Johannesburg, Wong witnesses a Zulu tribeswoman's collapse and, sensing an opportunity, starts raping their (“these black babes are great!”). When they fall ill, he's eventually diagnosed as having contracted Ebola, which they shrug off and casually passes on to most of Johannesburg and, later, Hong Kong.
Any film whose protagonist sucks out a woman's eyeball before snapping their neck and grinding them and their family into hamburger (which they allow to be served in their restaurant) could not, strictly speaking, be considered a laugh riot. That said, watching Wong, transformed into a human torch by flame-thrower wielding cops, charge down the street while screaming “How dare you bully me!” is pretty amusing, and when was the last time you heard a film's protagonist say, “Your wife bullied me, so I screwed her”?
17. The Machine Girl (2008)
When a girl in a movie directed by Noburu Iguchi, who gave us Zombie Ass: The Toilet Of The Dead and Mutant Girls Squad, informs their brother that “violence doesn't solve anything”, you know it's only a matter of time before she'll avenge their murder by machine gunning everything in sight.
When the local Yakuza clan realize what she's done, Ami (Minase Yashiro) has their arm cut off as punishment, so they seek medical advice from their local mechanic (wouldn't you?), who stitches up the wound with a needle and thread. Ami also gets a replacement limb in the form of a custom-made machine gun that can blast flesh from bone and blow gaping holes in its targets, which so terrifies the Yakuza that they hire a group of samurai warriors in bulletproof football helmets and shoulder pads.
Indefensible, senseless and as subtle as a chainsaw, Machine Girl exists for no reason other than to see how much gratuitous bloodshed it can squeeze into its running time. There's really no reason not to like it.
16. Samson Vs The Vampire Women (1962)
Mexican wrestler El Santo was renamed Samson for this English dubbed version, which appeared on Mystery Science Theatre 3000 in 1995. If you're familiar with the film at all, that's probably where you first saw it.
Made in 1962, Vampire Women emerged during a peak in popularity for horror films in Mexico, so the film takes visual cues from the Universal and Hammer Dracula pictures and even throws in a Professor in the Peter Cushing mould. He's not the hero, of course, just a supporting character who recruits Santo to save their daughter from an army of vampires.
In common with the Hammer films of the time, the female vampires are all astonishingly beautiful, yet the men are about as far removed from Christopher Lee as it's possible to get. Impossibly muscular and about 100 years too contemporary to be believable, the actors look ill at ease in their cheap rubber capes and don't really come into their own until they attempt to take Santo in a headlock.
15. Junk (2000)
Following a bungled robbery, three men and their female getaway driver escape to a US Army facility in Japan, unaware it's being used to store the “experiments” of a mad doctor who's developed DNX, a serum that duplicates the “complex combination of chemicals” that create life but has the unfortunate side effect of turning the recipient into a flesh-eating zombie.
The gory mayhem kicks off with the arrival of the thieves' bosses, whose planned double cross is interrupted by the arrival of an undead army. Fortunately, the doc is hip to the slaughter and leads an attack on the base, little realizing that the zombie horde is commanded by their late fiancée, the prototype recipient of DNX, who in death has developed a taste for fright wigs and pancake make-up.
“Torn up flesh, gouged entrails and splashing blood,” promised the Japanese press book, giving a fair idea of director Atsushi Moroga's intent.
Like Robert Rodriguez, they can stage a gun battle and loves comic book violence, but their make-up effects are on a par with Zombie Creeping Flesh and the ‘acting' of the English-speaking players, whose scenes appear to have been tacked-on to expand the running time, are mostly good for laughs. If you can put that aside, then Junk is everything a zombie versus gangsters movie ought to be – loads of fun.
14. Big Tits Dragon (2010)
It may not come as a total shock to you to learn that Big Tits Dragon is another of those movies where strippers with chainsaws save the world from the zombie apocalypse, but unlike Zombie Strippers and Strippers Vs Zombies, it never outstays its welcome and the jokes are surprisingly funny.
The director is Takao Nakano, who also brought us such immortal classics as Sumo Vixens and Killer Pussy, and being a Japanese production, it naturally features samurai sword fights and zombie sushi. The cast includes real-life porn star Sora Aoi, but get this – the film has more on its mind than exploiting its female leads (well, slightly more).
BTD just wants wants to give the viewer a good time, and Nakano throws in everything except the kitchen sink to make that happen. When they're not fighting a disembodied head or a zombie that spits fire from between its legs, the girls joke about how cheap the movie looks and point out that Hollywood would never attempt something like this. They're right, so if you're tired of Fear The Walking Dead, say hello to your new favourite film.
13. Frontiers (2007)
Proving that French culture isn't all Gerard Depardieu movies and Marcel Pagnol adaptations, Frontiers starts off as a blistering social commentary, takes a swing into dark horror and ends up in Texas Chainsaw Massacre country, only with the rednecks replaced by Neo-Nazi cannibals.
Making their feature debut, Xavier Gens (Hitman) takes no prisoners and delivers one of the best meat movies never to feature Leatherface. Better structured than Hostel and more palatable than Martyrs, Frontiers is one of the few “torture porn” movies to really stand out.
There are all the usual decapitations and characters who are eaten alive, but how many films have as their villain a Nazi war criminal who kidnaps women with the intent of breeding a new master race (and abandons them in a mine when they disappoint him)? It's this kind of blackly comic material that makes you wonder if Gens is wasting their time in Hollywood.
12. Riki-Oh: The Story Of Ricky (1991)
No list of outrageous foreign movies is complete without this Manga adaptation, the first non-erotic Hong Kong movie to receive a Category III (Adults Only) rating. Though not as much silly fun as director Ngai Choi Lam's The Seventh Curse, Ricky is just as cartoonishly excessive, with enough crushed heads, severed limbs, gouged-out eyeballs and exploding bodies for two movies.
It's the not-too-distant-future – well, 2001 – and prisons are run as for-profit franchises by corrupt wardens that grow opium poppies on the grounds, use the inmates as cheap labour and terminate with extreme prejudice anyone who stands in their way. Business is a-boomin' until the arrival of Riki-Oh, a seemingly indestructible martial artist who can tear off jaws, gouge out eyes, hack off limbs and punch holes through theirs opponents.
This makes Riki-Oh a fly in the ointment, so the warden hires an army of thugs to torture him. One of these fellas is so tough that, rather than admit defeat, they disembowel themselves and starts strangling Ricky with their intestines. Prison Break, this is not.
11. Zombie Self Defence Force (2006)
Remember when Peter Jackson made zombie films that were heavy on the red stuff as well as the bad taste gags? Naoyuki Tomamatsu does, so here's a movie that packs flying saucers, mutant babies, cyborgs and samurai zombies into its 76 minutes.
The plot is best described as “uncomplicated.” When a flying saucer crashes in rural Japan, it brings the dead back to life (“How unscientific,” remarks one character), causing a disparate group that includes a pop star, a soldier and a gangster to seek shelter at a nearby hotel, unaware that the owner has just killed their pregnant mistress. You can probably guess what happens next.
You don't watch this sort of thing expecting to see finely nuanced characters delivering Shakespearean soliloquies but to see a zombie baby using its umbilical cord as a lasso while a cyborg soldier, the prototype for a proposed invasion of America, shoots up the place. As such movies go, Zombie Self Defence Force is top of the list.
Documentary Description
EVOLUTION (2001)
Series Overview
Evolution determines who lives, who dies, and who passes traits on to the next generation. The process plays a critical role in our daily lives, yet it is one of the most overlooked -- and misunderstood -- concepts ever described.
The Evolution project's eight-hour television miniseries travels the world to examine evolutionary science and the profound effect it has had on society and culture. From the genius and torment of Charles Darwin to the scientific revolution that spawned the tree of life, from the power of sex to drive evolutionary change to the importance of mass extinctions in the birth of new species, the Evolution series brings this fascinating process to life. The series also explores the emergence of consciousness, the origin and success of humans, and the perceived conflict between science and religion in understanding life on Earth.
The Evolution series' goals are to heighten public understanding of evolution and how it works, to dispel common misunderstandings about the process, and to illuminate why it is relevant to all of us.
Evolution Series Show Descriptions
Show 1: Darwin's Dangerous Idea (two-hour)
Why does Charles Darwin's ''dangerous idea'' matter more today than ever, and how does it explain the past and predict the future of life on Earth? The first show interweaves the drama of Darwin's life with current documentary sequences, introducing key concepts of evolution.
Show 2: Great Transformations (one hour)
What underlies the incredible diversity of life on Earth? How have complex life forms evolved? The journey from water to land, the return of land mammals to the sea, and the emergence of humans all suggest that creatures past and present are members of a single tree of life.
Show 3: Extinction! (one hour)
Five mass extinctions have occurred since life began on Earth. Are humans causing the next mass extinction? And what does evolutionary theory predict for the world we will leave to our descendants?
Show 4: The Evolutionary Arms Race (one hour)
Survival of the fittest: Raw competition? Intense cooperation? Both are essential. Interactions between and within species are among the most powerful evolutionary forces on Earth, and understanding them may be a key to our own survival.
Show 5: Why Sex? (one hour)
In evolutionary terms, sex is more important than life itself. Sex fuels evolutionary change by adding variation to the gene pool. The powerful urge to pass our genes on to the next generation has likely changed the face of human culture in ways we're only beginning to understand.
Show 6: The Mind's Big Bang (one hour)
Fifty thousand years ago, something happened -- the modern human mind emerged, triggering a creative, technological, and social explosion. What forces contributed to that breakthrough? Where might our power of mind ultimately lead us?
Show 7: What About God? (one hour)
Of all species, we alone attempt to explain who we are and how we came to be. This final show explores the struggle between science and religion. Through the personal stories of students and teachers, it offers the view that they are compatible.
Source: PBS
Introduction
With a DxOMark Mobile score of 87-points, the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus ties for best score on our database alongside the Sony XPeria Z5. Samsung's latest flagship smartphone just edges out its sister model, Galaxy S6 Edge, which now sit in 2nd place with a DxOMark Mobile score of 86-points. These Samsung and Sony top of the range devices are setting a new standard for mobile image quality.
Photos:
Great exposures in all conditions
In good lighting conditions exposures are in the main excellent with good dynamic range thanks to the S6 Edge Plus's HDR mode, which is triggered automatically in bright conditions.
In very high contrast scenes there was the occasional failure, with the brightest highlight becoming over exposed, but nothing too alarming.
Exposure is good in all lighting conditions, even in scenes with high dynamic range thanks to HDR mode, which is automatically triggered. Even under extreme low light conditions of 5 Lux (right) images are usable
Under low-light conditions again exposures are generally excellent with good dynamic range and strong color.
Excellent white balance and color reproduction
Both white balance and color reproduction are also excellent in good light with the S6 Edge Plus recording vivid, pleasant and realistic color.
Shooting under a tungsten light source white balance turns slightly yellow/pink and some color shading is visible too, but again it's far from offensive.
In good lighting conditions white balance is accurate and color rendering is good
In low light (20 Lux) under a tungsten light source white balance turns slightly yellow/pink but the colors remain pleasant
High levels of detail preservation for bright light and low light condition
High levels of detail preservation were recorded too, with intricate details such as brickwork clearly visible. The downside of this great detail however is that a build up of noise is noticeable even when shooting in good lighting conditions. It's not offensive, and most people probably won't notice it at all, but if you have a tendency to pixel peep it's there.
In good light, although fine detail is recorded by the 16Mp sensor, some noise is visible, too
Good detail is also recorded in low light and under a 20 Lux light source only the very fine details become lost. Although a build up of luminance noise is evident again shooting under these conditions but it's well controlled compared to many smart phones we've tested.
Under a tungsten 20 Lux light source good details are recorded with only the finest details becoming lost. Some luminance noise is visible in these conditions but it's very good compared to other smart phones we've tested under the same conditions
Great Flash and Autofocus
Using flash with no additional light source, results are excellent with good detail, well-controlled noise and pleasant color. Mixing flash with a tungsten light source, color reproduction starts to get a little unstable however, with white balance inconsistencies between consecutive frames where some pictures turn more yellow than others. Finally the S6 Edge Plus's autofocus is fast and accurate in all lighting conditions with just some minor instabilities and overshoot occurring in preview mode.
Video: One of the best camcorder available on a smartphone
Just like with stills, video exposures on the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus are generally very good with pleasant color reproduction. This is particularly so in bright light conditions. Video captures also a very high levels of detail.
This isn't so in low-light however, where there's a visible loss of fine detail compared to moving images shot outdoors, with some temporal luminance noise also visible on edge transitions shot under this circumstance. Handheld walking movement on videos shot in low light results in some noticeable jitter artefacts on your videos too, which can be a little distracting during playback. Autofocus can also be a little slow to adapt to changing scenes shooting video indoors, but outdoors it's much more responsive with good tracking capabilities, too.
Exactly two weeks after releasing the second beta of iOS 7 to developers, Apple has just pushed out a third beta version for testing. The update is arriving as both an over-the-air update to existing beta testers and through the iOS Dev Center.The new beta arrives as build 11A4414e, up from the second beta at build 11A4400f. Apple has also released a third developer preview of Xcode 5. report from late last month had indicated that the third beta was scheduled to arrive today, although many have regarded the two-week interval as an obvious prediction given Apple's past release history. Apple typically runs on 2-3 week intervals for releasing developer builds of its major iOS operating system versions.iOS 7 is scheduled for release in the fall of this year, with updates to Apple's iPhone, iPad, and iPad mini all expected around the same time. If past history is any indication, iOS 7 should be made available to the public just a few days before the launch of the next-generation iPhone.Direct links for paid members of Apple's iOS developer program:
Ubuntu fans with small fingers and big pockets will be pleased to hear that the GPD Pocket Ubuntu edition has begun shipping.
Demand for the diminutive device has been huge. In all, the GPD Pocket raised $3,509,253 via IndieGoGo — a staggering 1516% of its original $200,000 goal!
And that excludes purchase made through third-party resellers like GearBest, who've been stocking the Windows version of the device for a little while.
Measuring a mere 7.1-inch by 4.2-inch (and standing a tiny 0.7-inch tall), the GPD Pocket really is pocket sized. A 7-inch 1920×1200 IPS screen, quad-core Intel Atom and 8GB RAM also means that it's no slouch either.
Because I do not back any crowdfunding project I write about (if I did, the haters on Reddit would use it as yet another stick to beat me with, mouth foaming under unrelating cries of “bias”) I do regularly lose track of which projects have completed, which are supposed to be shipping, when, and so on.
Maybe I should invest in a calendar or something? ;)
Anyhow, thanks to a YouTube video suggestion (!) jogging my memory earlier today I realised that I haven't written much about the device since the crowd funding ended.
And since I covered the GPD Pocket crowdfunding campaign a couple of times during its run I figured that, at the least, a handful of you reading this will be interested to hear some word about the GPD Pocket Ubuntu edition.
Well, I didn't need to go any further than Twitter to get a heads-up on what's happening; the company tweeted this update last week:
Very important good news😍!
The Ubuntu version GPD POCKET will start shipping on Friday!
Thank you for your support🙏! pic.twitter.com/JsgZPJhZJs — GPD Game Consoles (@softwincn) August 8, 2017
The titchy tech's IndieGoGo page was also updated with a message telling backers that the Ubuntu version of the GPD Pocket is now shipping:
“And we are start to ship the Ubuntu version GPD Pocket now, and will keep report the tracking information. Much appreciated for all your great support and patience for us.”
Windows users haven't had to wait nearly as long, with the GPD Pocket Windows edition already out there in the hands of backers and buyers, where it is being cooed at, admired, and, naturally, made to run all manner of Linux distributions!
The delay in shipping the Ubuntu version may be worth it as some backers with Windows units report issues with a sensor that causes the device to wake up from sleep when the lid is closed.
If you're one of those waiting for the unit to arrive keep an eye out for shipping updates. In the meantime, to whet your appetite, here's a review of the Windows 10 unit courtesy of the folks over at Windows Central:
If you backed the device on IndieGoGo, or ordered a device from a third-party reseller, do keep an eye out for shipping details. And as soon as it arrives, please give us a poke to share your thoughts about it!
Did you spend a frustrated day at your computer a couple of weeks ago, desperately trying to land Hamlet tickets to no avail? Well, don't give up hope of seeing Benedict Cumberbatch playing the Prince of Denmark just yet…
Advertisement
News has emerged today that National Theatre Live is in “early talks” to bring the eagerly anticipated production to screens across the country when the 12-week run begins at the Barbican next year.
While details such as dates or venues are still thin on the ground, the plans will no doubt delight scores of Cumber-fans who failed to bag a ticket to the coveted show which begins on 5 August and runs until 31 October.
Tickets to Hamlet were first made available to the general public on 11 August with 30,000 fans already queueing online by 10am, the time of release. The venue's three-month run had sold out by 5:25pm, making the production the most in-demand theatre show of all time, according to ticket website Viagogo.
Advertisement
One hundred tickets per performance have been reserved and will go on sale for a mere £10 each at some point in the new year. Demand for the reduced tickets is certain to be high, but it looks like disappointed fans will still get a chance to see their man on stage from the comfort of a cinema seat.
Tropical Storm Bonnie was a tropical storm that made landfall on Florida in August 2004. The second storm of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Bonnie developed from a tropical wave on August 3 to the east of the Lesser Antilles. After moving through the islands, its fast forward motion caused it to dissipate. However, it later regenerated into a tropical storm near Yucatán Peninsula. Bonnie attained peak winds of 65 miles per hour (105 km/h) over the Gulf of Mexico, turned to the northeast, and hit Florida as a 45 miles per hour (72 km/h) tropical storm. The storm accelerated to the northeast and became an extratropical cyclone to the east of New Jersey. Bonnie was the first of five tropical systems to make landfall on Florida in the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, and the second of a record eight disturbances to reach tropical storm strength during the month of August.
Bonnie's impact was minimal. Throughout the Caribbean Sea, the storm's effects consisted primarily of light rainfall, and in Florida, the precipitation caused flooding and minor damage. The tropical storm caused a tornado outbreak across the Southeastern United States which killed three people and inflicted over $1 million (2004 USD) in damage. Bonnie made landfall in Florida the day before Hurricane Charley struck.
Meteorological history [ edit ]
Map plotting the track and the intensity of the storm, according to the Saffir–Simpson scale
The origins of Bonnie were in a tropical wave that emerged from the coast of Africa on July 29 and entered the Atlantic Ocean. It moved westward, attaining convection and a mid-level circulation. Convection steadily increased, and, upon the development of a low-level circulation center, the system organized into Tropical Depression Two on August 3 while 415 miles (670 km) east of Barbados. It moved rapidly westward at speeds of up to 23 mph (37 km/h); after crossing through the Lesser Antilles on August 4, it degenerated back into a tropical wave.[1] The tropical wave continued to move rapidly to the west-northwest, until it reached the western Caribbean Sea. While south of Cuba and through the Cayman Islands, the system slowed down to regenerate convection, and it re-developed into a tropical depression on August 8.[1] Operationally, the system was classified a tropical wave until a day later.[2] The depression moved through the Yucatán Channel, and intensified into Tropical Storm Bonnie on August 9 while 70 miles (115 km) north of the Yucatán Peninsula.[1]
Bonnie to the north of Charley on August 12
Bonnie continued to the west-northwest; late on August 9, the storm presented a 9-mile (15-km) wide eyewall, a very unusual occurrence in a small and weak tropical storm.[3] Bonnie quickly strengthened while turning to the north, a directional shift caused by a break in the mid-level ridge.[4] The storm briefly weakened late on August 10; it re-strengthened again the following day to attain a peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h). Soon after, strong southwesterly wind shear disrupted the storm, causing Bonnie to weaken again. On August 12, Bonnie made landfall just south of Apalachicola as a 45 mph (75 km/h) tropical storm. It quickly weakened to a tropical depression, and accelerated northeastward through the southeastern United States. After paralleling the Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina coastlines, Bonnie lost its tropical characteristics on August 14 to the east of New Jersey.[1] Its remnant low continued northeastward, making landfall in Massachusetts and Maine and continuing into Atlantic Canada.[5]
Preparations [ edit ]
About 16 hours before the storm moved through the Lesser Antilles, the government of Saint Lucia declared a tropical storm warning. Guadeloupe, Martinique, Dominica, St. Maarten, Saba, St. Eustatius, Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands issued tropical storm watches.[1] Combined with the threat of Hurricane Charley, Bonnie forced the evacuation of 154 oil platforms and 32 oil rigs. The cease in production was equivalent to over 1.2 million barrels of loss in crude oil, or 0.2% of the annual oil production in the Gulf of Mexico. Natural gas reserves were also limited. The lack of gas production due to the storms was equivalent to 7.4% of the total daily production in the Gulf of Mexico.[6]
Early forecasts suggested that Bonnie would attain 80 mph (130 km/h) winds or Category 1 status.[4] In response to the threat, 15 shelters in 7 northwestern Florida counties were put on standby.[7] In the hours prior to landfall,2 shelters were opened, 4 were put on standby, and health and cleanup teams were deployed to the area.[8] Parts of Gadsden, Wakulla, and Levy Counties issued voluntary evacuations, and numerous schools were closed. In anticipation of the storm, Florida Governor Jeb Bush issued a state of emergency.[9]
Impact [ edit ]
Bonnie was a weak storm through most of its path, dropping only light rainfall and causing minimal damage. South Carolina and North Carolina experienced the worst of the storm, where a tornado outbreak killed three people and caused moderate damage.
Caribbean Sea [ edit ]
As a tropical depression, the storm moved rapidly through the Lesser Antilles; consequently, most islands only experienced minor effects. For example, Saint Lucia received light and sporadic rain showers, accompanied by sustained winds of 20–25 mph (32–40 km/h) and gusts to 35 mph (55 km/h).[10] In Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, however, the depression dropped up to 9.2 inches (235 mm) of rain in 24 hours. The rainfall blocked storm drains, including those near the airport, which was forced to shut down. The rainfall caused debris to collect on roads throughout the island.[11] Although the storm passed just 70 miles (110 km) north of the Yucatán Peninsula, the storm dropped only 0.6 inches (15 mm) of rain due to its small size.[12]
North America [ edit ]
Total rainfall map of Bonnie in the Eastern United States
In Florida, Bonnie produced up to 4.1 inches (104 mm) of rainfall in Pace, with peak wind gusts of 42 mph (68 km/h). Bonnie was accompanied by a 4 ft (1.2 m) storm surge; moderate wave action caused slight beach erosion. Rainfall and storm surge flooded roads, forcing the evacuation of 2,000 residents in Taylor County. The winds downed trees and caused scattered power outages.[13] A tornado in Jacksonville damaged several businesses and houses.[14][15]
Bonnie triggered a tornado outbreak throughout portions of the Mid-Atlantic states. One tornado in Pender County, North Carolina destroyed 17 homes and damaged 59 houses, causing three deaths and $1.27 million in damage (2004 USD).[16] In Stella, Bonnie generated a waterspout that struck a campground, damaged nine trailers, and wrecked small boats.[17] A tornado in Richlands damaged several houses as well.[18] In South Carolina, tornadoes across the state damaged nine homes. A suspected tornado in Danville, Virginia destroyed the roofs of several businesses.[14] In South Carolina, rainfall peaking at 6.07 inches (154 mm) in Loris[5] caused flooding across the state. The flooding, including a one-foot depth along U.S. Route 501, washed away a road and a bridge in Greenville County. In addition, 600 people across the state were left without electricity.[19]
In Pennsylvania, the remnants of the storm dropped up to 8 inches (200 mm) of rain in Tannersville. The rainfall caused the Schuylkill River to reach a crest peak of 12.89 ft (4 m) at Berne. The flooding blocked several roads across eastern Pennsylvania. In addition, Bonnie produced gusty winds, leaving thousands without power.[20] In Delaware, the storm dropped up to 4 inches (100 mm) of rain, forcing 100 to evacuate from the floodwaters. The flooding closed part of U.S. Route 13, and an overflown creek in New Castle County caused moderate flooding damage to stores.[13] In Maine, moisture from the remnants of Bonnie produced heavy rainfall, with localized totals of up to 10 inches (250 mm). The rainfall flooded or washed out roads across the eastern portion of the state. In Aroostook County, near the town of St. Francis, the rainfall caused a mudslide which narrowed a county road to one lane.[21]
As an extratropical low combined with a frontal system, Bonnie continued to produce moderate rainfall in Canada, peaking at 3.5 inches (90 mm) in Edmundston, New Brunswick. The rainfall caused basement flooding and road washouts; slick roads caused a traffic fatality in Edmundston.[22]
Aftermath and records [ edit ]
Twenty-two hours after Bonnie struck Florida, Hurricane Charley passed over the Dry Tortugas. This was the first time in recorded history that two tropical storms struck Florida within 1 day. Previously, Hurricane Gordon and Tropical Storm Helene struck the state within five days of each other in September 2000. Originally, it was thought that two storms in the 1906 season hit the state within 12 hours;[23] however, the suspected tropical storm was determined to be a tropical depression in a more recent analysis.[24] Bonnie was the first of five tropical systems to make landfall in Florida during the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, and the second of a record eight disturbances to reach tropical storm strength during the month of August.[25]
Because Bonnie hit Florida immediately before Charley, damage between the two storms was often difficult to differentiate. President George W. Bush responded to the storm by declaring much of Florida a Federal Disaster Area on August 13, 2004.[26]
See also [ edit ]
By Christian Jarrett
In this era of “fake news” and rising populism, encountering conspiracy theories is becoming a daily phenomenon. Some people usually shrug them off – they find them too simplistic, biased or far-fetched – but others are taken in. And if a person believes one kind of conspiracy theory, they usually believe others.
Psychologists are very interested in why some people are more inclined to believe in conspiracy theories, especially since the consequences can be harmful: for example, by avoiding getting their kids vaccinated, believers in vaccination conspiracies can harm wider public health; in other cases, a belief in a conspiracy against one's own ethnic or religious group can foment radicalism.
One of the main differences between conspiracy believers and nonbelievers that's cropped up in multiple studies is that nonbelievers tend to be more highly educated. For a new study in Applied Cognitive Psychology, Jan-Willem Van Prooijen at VU Amsterdam has conducted two large surveys to try to dig into just what it is about being more educated that seems to inoculate against belief in conspiracy.
For the first survey, Van Prooijen recruited over 4000 readers of a popular science journal in the Netherlands, with an average age of 32. They asked them about their formal education level and their belief in various well-known conspiracy theories, such as that the moon landings were hoaxed; they tested their feelings of powerlessness; their subjective sense of their social class (they located their position on a social ladder); and their belief in simple solutions, such as that “most problems in society are easy to solve”.
The more highly educated a participant, the less likely they were to endorse the conspiracy theories. Importantly, several of the other measures were linked to education and contributed to the association between education and less belief in conspiracy: feeling less powerlessness (or more in control), feelings of higher social status, and being sceptical of simple solutions.
A second survey was similar, but this time Van Prooijen quizzed nearly 1000 participants, average age 50, selected to be representative of the wider Dutch population. Also, there were two phases: for the first, participants answered questions about their education level; feelings of power; subjective social class; belief in simple solutions; and they took some basic tests of their analytical thinking skills. Then two weeks later, the participants rated their belief in various conspiracy theories.
Once again, more education was associated with less belief in conspiracy theories, and this seemed to be explained in part by more educated participants feeling more in control, having less belief in simple solutions, and having stronger analytical skills. Subjective social class wasn't relevant in this survey.
Taken together, Van Prooijen said the results suggest that “the relationship between education and belief in conspiracy theories cannot be reduced to a single psychological mechanism but is the product of the complex interplay of multiple psychological processes.”
The nature of their study means we can't infer that education or the related factors they measured actually cause less belief in conspiracies. But it makes theoretical sense that they might be involved: for example, more education usually increases people's sense of control over their lives (though there are exceptions, for instance among people from marginalized groups), while it is feelings of powerlessness that is one of the things that often attracts people to conspiracy theories.
Importantly, Van Prooijen said their findings help make sense of why education can contribute to “a less paranoid society” even when conspiracy theories are not explicitly challenged. “By teaching children analytic thinking skills along with the insight that societal problems often have no simple solutions, by stimulating a sense of control, and by promoting a sense that one is a valued member of society, education is likely to install the mental tools that are needed to approach far-fetched conspiracy theories with a healthy dose of skepticism.”
—Why Education Predicts Decreased Belief in Conspiracy Theories
Image under licence via Gettyimages.co.uk
Christian Jarrett (@Psych_Writer) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
MSNBC's Chris Hayes spoke with Hillary Clinton tonight and touched upon the “psychological aspect” of Russian efforts to influence the election.
They said that it's a little hard to tell American citizens that they were “duped” and manipulated.
“I don't blame voters who woke up and saw that Jim Comey was re-opening an investigation and didn't know what to think,” they said. “I don't blame voters who are searching, Googling, trying to find out information that will help them make a decision who are being told that the Clinton Foundation… was stealing money, paying for my daughter's wedding, these total lies.”
They continued on to say that “propaganda is meant to influence people” and said they don't blame voters for wondering if there's something to what they were seeing on Facebook and elsewhere.
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
NYPD Surrounds Flatiron Plaza With Concrete Barriers, Because Terrorism There has to be a better way to protect people from drivers than these blocky, heavy-handed barricades.
Sometime between Thursday night and Friday morning, NYPD surrounded Flatiron Plaza, where Broadway crosses Fifth Avenue, with concrete barriers. Similar barriers could be coming to public spaces throughout the city in the name of NYPD's counterterror initiatives.
The Jersey barriers are all around the perimeter of Flatiron Plaza, making it look like a fortress, impeding pedestrian access, and protruding into the bike lanes on the edges of the pedestrian space. For some reason NYPD put the barriers between the bike lane and the pedestrian space, so they don't provide people on bikes with any protection from car traffic.
At Herald Square a few blocks north, concrete blocks, metal fencing, and police cruisers now cordon off both ends of the block-long bike lane between 35th and 34th streets. Last night, southbound cyclists were either riding into the bike lane via the adjacent sidewalk or going down 35th Street to ride against traffic on Sixth Avenue for a block. A handful dismounted and walked until the bike lane resumed.
These new barricades are similar to measures at Times Square that NYPD implemented soon after Richard Rojas drove onto the sidewalk, ramming dozens of people until they were stopped by a metal bollard.
The barriers were a surprise to the Flatiron 23rd Street Partnership, which manages the plaza at Broadway and Fifth, according to executive director Jennifer Brown. Them staff eventually learned that NYPD put down the barriers to prevent terrorists from weaponizing motor vehicles, and that similar measures could be coming to public spaces around the city.
They said their organization would monitor the impact on pedestrian circulation, and could eventually try to paint or otherwise beautify the barriers, but was resigned to their presence. “I don't know if it's our role to question the security measures that [NYPD] counterterrorism is taking,” Brown said.
Streetsblog contacted NYPD and DOT for more information on the barriers and the larger citywide undertaking, and has yet to hear back.
Update: The DOT press office says: “We are speaking with PD re the location of such structures and security is the top priority.”
CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC'S HARDBALL: Let me finish with this. I would like to salute the country's number-one Republican whistle-blower: Rand Paul.
You see, you don't have to agree with libertarianism to see the guts that it takes. It means smashing through all the obligations the right or left applies to government and saying, “Guess what? I'd rather not. I'd rather have no government than what you're offering here.”
And so, it's not surprising that the country's lone libertarian presidential candidate is the one Republican with the courage to call out their party for the disastrous route this government has taken since the weeks after 9/11… When Dick Cheney and the neo-cons found a route to Iraq, a route through the drafty mind of a president, a complicit mainstream media and a public dog-trained to believe whatever a president says about national security.
Just tell me if you ever heard the phrases that sold us into that Iraq war: “W-M-D,” “homeland,” “regime change,” a vocabulary of war, the strange, foreign phrases meant to incur in us some deep need to attack and to hate any country that saw the nuttiness in it. Remember “Freedom fries?” We weren't supposed to even say “French” fries because that country thought the war talk stupid.
Here we are a dozen years later and still, even now, the Republican party has but one, lone candidate who stands out there being truthful. Rand Paul is like the skinny, quiet, uncool kid who doesn't get picked for the intramurals because they dare to think for himself.
Well, the Republicans like Bobby Jindal can mock Paul. I think they deserve credit for their guts. Their father got whacked by Rudy Giuliani for daring to challenge the stupid, horrid Iraq war. Let's see if the Republican peanut gallery roars as loud when some dimwit goes after Senator Paul this time.
The war was bad. If the Republicans want the White House the first thing they have to do is confess the horrible decision they made the last time they had it.
Hillary Clinton called their support of the war a mistake. I dearly hope they mean it.
Except for Rand Paul, the Republicans haven't even gotten that far.
About
Basic Info
2 - 6 Players
Ages 12+
60 Minute Play Time
A Fantasy Team Brawler Board Game
Choose your character and battle the other team. Friends and Foes can be played as a 1v1, 2v2, or 3v3 game. Play your character's abilities each turn to move across the battlefield and attack your foes.
Guided by Modern Game Design Principles
There has been a revolution in board game design recently that has brought us better, more elegant game mechanics, but for some reason many new fantasy games suffer from old game design flaws. This game was designed from the ground up with modern game design principles in mind:
No Player Elimination
Simultaneous Turns
One Hour Play Time
Easy to Learn and Teach
Deep Strategies
About the Art
K Linney has their own unique style. K has created imaginative, diverse characters with practical gear and outfits, and conscientiously portrayed body images. There's no cleavage, chiseled abs or high heels in the art.
Also note that most of the cards have placeholder thumbnail sketches, not finished art. Here are two examples of what the thumbnail sketches will look like when they're finished:
Prototype Complete Rulebook
Written Game Play Tutorial by Wylliam Judd
Video Game Play Tutorial
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Kickstarter Preview from Grey Elephant Gaming
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
1 Box: 10" x 10" x 3" board game box.
10" x 10" x 3" board game box. 1 Board: 18" x 18" quad fold game board.
18" x 18" quad fold game board. 218 Cards: 64 Ability Cards, 126 Rune Cards, 12 Enlightened Rune Cards, 9 Mark Cards, 7 Character Cards
64 Ability Cards, 126 Rune Cards, 12 Enlightened Rune Cards, 9 Mark Cards, 7 Character Cards 68 Chipboard Pieces: 10 Wound Counters, 7 Character Tokens, 3 Item Tokens, 3 Rage Counters, 1 Initiative Marker, 7 Life Counters, 30 Focus Tokens.
Regional Stretch Goal
6/30 - EU Friendly: If we get 30 backers in the EU, we will ship the game from within the EU, saving you about $10 on customs.
$40 - The Game
The Board Game - What this project is all about.
Select the Early Bird pledge level to also receive an art print of your choice. Limited to 100 backers.
$52 - International Backer
Get the game shipped to you anywhere in the world!
$115 - Art Appreciator
In addition to a copy of the game, you'll also receive a 70+ page hard cover 8" x 11" Art Book. The book will include all of the artwork from this game, from concept sketches to completed illustrations. It's the perfect way to appreciate the beauty of the art made for this game by K Linney.
$750 - Costume Pieces
K Linney is a member of The Coop Cosplay, a costume blog K shares with their cousins for all their ridiculous cosplay jazz. This is an example of a mask K's made, and there are many more costumes on their blog.
thecoopcosplay
+$10 Promo Cards
Get two bonus ability cards to give you more options and more variety. These cards are Kickstarter exclusives for the first year. This add-on is included in all pledges above $100.
+$20 Art Print
Choose any illustration and get it as an 8" x 10" print. You can add this any number of times. Here are two example illustrations:
Eye of the Storm Art by K Linney
Fire Arrow Art by K Linney
+$40 Additional Copy of the Game
Add as many extra copies of the game as you want for $40 each. Add an additional $12 for shipping outside the US or Canada.
No Player Elimination
Nothing is worse than getting eliminated early from a 3+ player game at game night and having to sit out of the rest of the game, which could take hours.
How does a combat game avoid player elimination? The wound system! Friends and Foes isn't a fight to the death. Instead, whenever you deal enough damage to a foe, that foe gets a wound. If you get enough wounds on the other team, you win! There's still an incentive to go after "squishy" targets with less health, because it's easier to get a wound - your damage goes further making the more frail ranged characters high value targets.
Simultaneous Turns
These aren't simultaneous turns in the sense of slap-jack. Instead everyone in the game plays through each step of the turn together. Any actions that can be taken simultaneously are, while others are done in initiative order. That way, everyone is always engaged, not just waiting for their turn to play.
Play Abilities - Simultaneous
Adjust Focus - Simultaneous
Move - Initiative Order
Reveal Runes - Simultaneous
Damage & Effects - Initiative Order
Easy to Learn and Teach
The game's rules for how to play a turn fit on one page. Most of the rest of the rulebook is clarifications on how the various keywords work. The keywords are defined on the board for easy reference, and you'll mostly check the rulebook for clarification on corner cases. Once you have learned the keywords, it makes the game flow smoothly since all the cards that share a keyword work the same way.
One Hour Play Time
The game takes about 45 to 75 minutes to play. I like games that take one hour, like an episode of TV. It's long enough that one game is satisfying, but short enough that you can have a marathon and play several games in a row.
Deep Strategies: Different Play Styles
The decisions you make will impact the game from the first to the last turn. There are plenty of opportunities for a more skilled player to outplay a less skilled player. There are also lots of different play styles. You can go for a rush strategy, where you're trying to get in as much damage as you can right away.
You can go for a late end game where you balance defensive abilities with Level Up abilities that make you more powerful as the game progresses. You can play a tactical positioning game, where you outwit the other team to take map objectives and foil their attacks. Players can focus on different parts of the game like choosing abilities, managing their rune cards, doing tricky things with movement, and trying to predict what their opponents are playing and countering it.
The fire archer likes to set things on fire. What else do you need to know? OK, well there's more. The Fire Archer can set a trap, and set part of the battlefield on fire for zone control of the battlefield. Of all the characters, the Fire Archer is the best at "kiting" (keeping their enemies at a distance).
The Assassin lurks in the shadows and plots the demise of their enemies. On the first turn of the game, the Assassin gets to start off of the board. You can place the Assassin wherever you want when it's your turn to move. The Assassin can do this again by using their Vanish ability. They can also poison their enemies, giving them a chance to deal a large amount of bonus damage on their next attack.
The Warden uses Telepathy to mind link with both allies and foes. Once he's opened a mind link, their abilities have bonus effects that empower their allies and hinder their enemies. Because they open new mind links throughout the game, the Warden scales into the late game particularly well.
The Enforcer is a heavily armored warrior who disrupts their enemies to protect their allies. Whenever they would take damage, they have a chance to block all of the damage, making them the toughest character in the game. To protect their allies, they can knock down and stun their enemies to keep them in range of them and out of range of their allies.
Some say the Berserker gets their power from the bear skin they wear. They have the strength of a bear and can become enraged when attacked. Though he's big, he's extremely fast, the most mobile character in the game. They don't bother with defense, he's focused on chasing down their prey, and cutting them down.
The storm caller gathers a storm and then unleashes it on their enemies. Most of their abilities have a "combo" that adds something to one of their other abilities. They can capitalize on their combos by unleashing their combos on an attack that will hit multiple enemies, or on a lightning bolt with unlimited range and unstoppable damage.
The Duelist puts their opponents at a disadvantage, and then capitalizes on it to parry, trip or disarm them. He's always on their toes, and can respond to what their enemies are doing, always adapting to the situation. They specialize in choosing a single enemy, cornering them, and shutting them down.
by Salvatore Guerisoli and Wylliam Judd
The road long in disrepair, you traveled through the wilderness to get here. The ruins tower over you, terrible and magnificent. Verdant vines claw upwards as righteous hands reclaiming the crumbling stone city. Two Leylines intersect here, Æther welling up below. For centuries druids have come to this place to harmonize with the Æther. Now it draws pilgrims of another kind.
It wasn't a great evil that made Amyria a wasteland, but a great mind. Myril Dalden was a pioneer of Æther. Theirs forges imbued objects with the incredible properties of Æther. Their gateways transported people through Æther to the far reaches of the kingdom. You recognize these relics here among the ruins, broken and red with rust. They are the reason you've come.
Dalden's mastery of Æther lifted Amyria into a golden age of prosperity. Æther touched every aspect of peoples' lives, from spectacular fairs, to gateways between distant cities, to farms that ensured a harvest. Travelers came from distant lands to witness legendary Æther-wrought monuments. Equipped with Æther-forged arms, Amyria's army never lost even a single soldier in battle. It seemed that nothing could bring an end to the glory of the kingdom.
But things were not what they seemed. Beneath the surface of the pristine Æther construction, the Leylines that gave birth to the city were becoming increasingly unstable. The Druids warned the Amyrians their reliance on Æther would spoil the spring below but their warnings fell on deaf ears. The hubris of society would be its undoing. The Æther unleashed grinding earthquakes, relentless lightning storms and raging fires. In a matter of hours, the city was a smouldering ruin.The people so ensconced in the city walls only realized devastation as it rained upon them. Amyria was reduced to a memory.
Dalden's legend has inspired a new generation of researchers. Their legacy is their hope. They are here to find their relics, to learn from them, to preserve and restore them. Their goal is to continue their work, advance and refine the use of Æther, to revive the kingdom to its former glory and build a new Amyria atop the ruins of the old.
The Druids held the Leylines sacred long before Dalden harnessed them. They come in search of their atrocities to destroy them. Amyria was a kingdom that brought ruin to the land. They won't sit idly by a second time as a new generation idolizes destruction. The druids seek to eradicate all traces of Dalden's work and everything they stood for. Amyria is in sight and their work is far from over. They would sacrifice everything to ensure Æther is not misused again.
The Æther calls to you, but you're not the only one to heed the call. You must rise to the occasion to change the course of history, for your search has come to an end, but the most important battle of your life is about to begin.
The game will be manufactured in the United States. We will be supporting the US economy by keeping money circulating in the US, and we will also be protecting the environment by avoiding a large shipment across the Pacific Ocean.
The quotes I've received from these companies aren't any higher than the quotes I got from several Chinese manufacturers.
Package Right
Package Right will be our primary manufacturer. If we reach our first two stretch goals, Package Right will manufacture everything except the cards and the glass gaming stones. Package Right has an excellent track record and manufacture games like Catan Jr. by Mayfair Games, Pompeii, and Quirkle.
Cartamundi
Package Right only prints white core cards. Cartamundi makes black core cards, which shuffle better. Cartamundi is a leader in card printing. They've printed games like Munchkin, Catan Card Game, and Uno.
Chessex
Chessex is a leader in gaming accessories, has a high quality product, and is very reliable.
Wylliam Judd
I've been designing games for as long as I can remember. I made up rules to a ball game I played with my sister, Brittany, when we were 3 and 5. After getting a Nintendo when I was 7, I created a paper version of Super Mario. I discovered D&D at age 8 and instantly started creating RPGs, including a Lego based RPG I played with Brittany, and my uncle Joey that summer. In middle school I literally made friends by getting them to play the games I'd designed, including a racing game, a strategy game, and an RPG that we played for hundreds of hours. This trend continued into college and beyond. After graduating from college I worked at a game store called Eudemonia in Berkeley, where I discovered new board games like Settlers of Catan, Race for the Galaxy, and Dominion. I was taken with these games' superior designs, rarely relying on such a thin game mechanic as say, a d20 roll. I discovered my hero, Mark Rosewater, and it was reading their articles that I realized that game design is the one thing that's always going to captivate me.
K Linney
K. Linney, also known in the art world as Savedchicken, is a digital artist and avid costumer/cosplayer. Along with artwork for Friends and Foes they are also working at the Ukiah Player's theatre, and mentoring with teen troupe Repose in Action. Their background in costumes has helped with character creation to design outfits with realism and usefulness in mind.
Game Play Tutorial by Lindsy Judd
Strategy Video by Lindsy Judd
Video Credits
Edited by Truckee Lynch
Music by Dallas Aimer
Image Credits
Settlers of Catan Image
Author: Louis Oliveira
Source: https://www.flickr.com/photos/79326374@N00/8608623048/
License: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/
Dominion Image
Author: Rocco Pier Luigi
Source: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Playing_Dominion_card_game.JPG
License: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en
Magic the Gathering Image
Author: U.S. Air Force photo by Airman 1st Class Kyle Gese
Source: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Magic_The_Gathering_players.JPG
License: Public Domain
Editor's note: As a military coup was underway in Turkey the night of July 15, 2016, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan claimed that Fethullah Gulen's followers were behind it. Gulen's movement has denied involvement. The story below was published in 2014.
Imam Fethullah Gulen lives in the Poconos, but he's also one of the most powerful men in Turkey.
He's a religious scholar with grandfatherly looks and often poses for pictures with books behind him. If you're not familiar with Turkish politics and religion, chances are you wouldn't suspect they are one of the most powerful religious figures in the world.
But that's exactly how Wall Street Journal Istanbul Bureau Chief Joe Parkinson describes Gulen. He's been corresponding with Gulen via email. They wanted to know more about the reclusive leader, in light of the battle Gulen appears to be waging with Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Parkinson says the imam's story has tracked Turkey's own turbulent political past. Gulen was a young imam, 16, when the country first liberalized and allowed religious groups. Gulen started to develop a following of business people. They built schools all over the country.
Their followers are known as Gulenists, and their movement is called the Cemaat, or congregation. They became a political force within Turkey.
"In 2000, they moved over to the US, ostensibly for medical treatment," Parkinson says. "But it was at the same time that the then-secular government were attempting to try them for attempting to topple the government."
They didn't return to Turkey. But their influence didn't die. And now the imam is in a battle with a former ally, Prime Minister Erdoğan.
"Both of them [are] religious men. Both of them long-term allies formerly against the secular establishment. And now, at loggerheads, in a way that is really destabilizing Turkish politics," Parkinson says of the pair.
So how did these two allies get on the outs? Parkinson says it started when the prime minster attempted to close down schools owned and operated by Gulen. The schools apparently were a key source of financing and recruitment for Gulen. So closing them was, in a sense, a declaration of war.
Prime Minster Erdgodan believes that Gulen and their followers are responsible for the corruption probes launched against Erdgodan's own government. He's responded by trying to root out the Gulenists from law enforcement and government agencies.
But that's an oversimplified version of events. Parkinson says the case has many moving parts. They say it's difficult to understand just what is going on, even if you are in Istanbul. But, they add, this isn't like the old conflict between secular and religious.
"This is very much a war within the religious establishment," they say.
And Gulen, who is known to be ill and doesn't often leave their estate in the Poconos, is very much involved in this war.
"Despite the illness. They must be very exercised at the moment," Parkinson says.
Correction: In a previous version of this story, we incorrectly stated that Gulen lived in Amish country. They in fact resides in the Pocono Mountains.
The EU as a whole has jurisdiction over external customs issues and free movement in and out of the trading bloc, rather than individual EU countries, said Guy Lougher of Pinsent Masons, the law firm behind Out-Law.com. The UK and Ireland would not be able to agree to a relaxation of customs and immigration controls between themselves, they said.
The recent political upheaval in Northern Ireland which, last week, led to the collapse of the devolved administration could potentially leave the country without sufficient representation during the negotiations if not resolved, Lougher added.
In a highly anticipated speech in which they set out the UK government's current thinking on Brexit, the prime minister said that maintaining the common travel area would be “an important priority for the UK in the talks ahead”.
“Our guiding principle must be to ensure that as we leave the European Union, no new barriers to living or doing business within our own union are created,” they said.
Lougher said that although it would “in principle” be possible for the EU and UK to agree to waiving border controls between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, “negotiations with the EU over the terms of the UK's exit and the shape of its future trading relationship with the EU will take the form of an immense exercise in horse-trading”.
“This means balancing the parties' respective positions on a range of issues; from free movement of persons, to agriculture and fisheries, to access to the EU market for UK financial services and cars,” they said. “In these complicated negotiations, real efforts will need to be taken by a range of interested parties to ensure attention is paid to the specific circumstances and needs of Northern Ireland and its interactions with the Republic.”
“If recent political developments leave Northern Ireland without a devolved administration during this crucial period, the task of making its voice heard amid a cacophony of competing interests is certainly more difficult,” they said.
This week the UK government's Northern Ireland secretary, James Brokenshire, set a date of 2 March 2017 for new elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly. Deputy first minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein stepped down last week in protest over the rival DUP's handling of a renewable energy scheme. The power-sharing agreement between the two parties, drawn up as part of the Good Friday Agreement, collapsed when Sinn Fein did not nominate a replacement within a statutory seven-day period.
The current Assembly will be dissolved on 26 January, meaning that its last sitting day will be 25 January. Although ministers will remain in post during the intervening period, they will not be able to take any decisions requiring executive approval.
Once the March election takes place, the two leading parties will have three weeks in which to form a new partnership government.
Many observations have shown that sea level rose steadily over the 20th century – and at a faster rate than over the previous centuries. It is also clear from both satellite and coastal observations that seas have risen faster over the past two decades than they did for the bulk of the 20th century.
More recently, several studies have shown that the flow of ice and water into the oceans from Greenland and West Antarctica has increased since 1993. This raises an interesting question: has the rate of sea-level rise changed since 1993, when satellite observations began to give us a more complete picture of the global oceans?
Our new research tackles this question by comparing satellite observations of sea level with those measured at the coast by tide gauges. We use this comparison to determine small biases in the satellite data that have changed over time. Understanding how the land supporting the tide gauges is moving becomes an important part of these comparisons. We found three important results.
First, the seas really have risen faster since 1993, relative to the slower rate over previous decades as evident in the tide gauge data.
Second, comparison of the coastal and satellite measurements reveal small differences in the early part of the satellite record from 1993 to 1999. After allowing for land motion at the tide gauges, the first six years of the satellite record marginally overestimates the sea-level trend. Our revised estimate of global mean sea-level rise for the satellite era (1993 to mid-2014) is about 2.6-2.9 mm per year (the exact value depends on how we estimate land motion) – slightly less than the previous estimate of 3.2 mm per year.
Third, previous estimates of the rate of rise from satellite data that didn't incorporate the careful comparison with coastal sea-level measurements, as we have done in our recent study, showed a slower rate of rise over the past decade relative to the one before. Our revised record is clearly different and suggests that the rate of rise has increased, consistent with other observations of the increased contributions of water and ice from Greenland and West Antarctica.
However, sea level varies from year to year, as water is exchanged between the land and oceans (for example during the Australian floods associated with the 2010-11 and 2011-12 La Niña events), and as a result the observed increase in the rate of rise over the short satellite record is not yet statistically significant.
Strikingly, our estimate of the increase in the rate of rise is consistent with the projections of future sea level published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Currently, these projections forecast a rise of up to 98 cm by 2100 if greenhouse gas emissions are allowed to continue unabated (and even more if parts of the Antarctic ice sheet collapse). If the world makes strong cuts to greenhouse gas emissions, the rise by 2100 is projected to be significantly less, somewhere between 28 cm and 61 cm.
Coping with the impacts
The increasing rate of sea-level rise is not good news for our coastal population, nor for the natural and built environment in the coastal zone. The world is currently not on track to achieve the lower range of projected sea-level rise. And of course, sea-level rise will not stop in 2100 – as in the current century, the magnitude of future sea-level rise will be linked to our greenhouse gas emissions.
Increasing rates of sea-level rise will place increasing stress on the coastal margin. Extreme sea level events will become more frequent. Inundation and erosion will affect our infrastructure, affect ecosystems and, in some regions, displace populations. Adaption in the coastal zone will occur – this adaption can be either planned or forced upon us by the natural environment. Information on regional sea level changes and their projections are needed to underpin adaptation and mitigation strategies.
It is important that agencies in Australia and worldwide consider the impact of accelerating sea levels and provide communities with advice and planning directions that are commensurate with the magnitude of the problem. Failure to consider these issues will mean painful and costly impacts, particularly during extreme events.
Continued monitoring of sea level is essential
Despite progress, our understanding of sea-level change is incomplete, particularly when it comes to forecasting contributions from the ice sheets. Currently, observed sea-level rise is consistent with the most recent projections. Continuing to know where sea level is tracking relative to projections is important for planning and early warning of any rate of rise that differs from current projections is vital.
Australia relies on other countries for launching and maintaining satellite missions such as those used in our study. We provide an important contribution to the long-term monitoring of altimeter data that spans several different missions and space agencies – this is why long-term government support via Australia's Integrated Marine Observing System is so valued.
By Christopher Watson, University of Tasmania; John Church, CSIRO, and Matt King, University of Tasmania
Christopher Watson is Senior Lecturer, Surveying and Spatial Sciences, School of Land and Food at University of Tasmania.
John Church is CSIRO Fellow at CSIRO.
Matt King is Professor, Surveying & Spatial Sciences, School of Land and Food at University of Tasmania.
This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Read the original article.
By
You've probably read a couple dozen articles about the implications of head injuries in football in the past 48 hours. This is another one of those. I understand if you want to click away now.
The impetus for all of this discussion about head injuries and the future of football is, of course, the apparent suicide of future hall-of-fame linebacker Junior Seau.
Junior Seau and Ray Easterling
Seau appears to have shot themselves in the chest, an unusual way to take one's life but one reminiscent of Dave Duerson's 2011 suicide. Duerson, a former NFL safety who played much of their career for the Chicago Bears, killed themselves with a gunshot to their chest so that researchers at the Boston University School of Medicine could study their brain as part of the school's research into chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
Seau's girlfriend discovered their body Wednesday in Seau's Oceanside, California home.
Given the manner of Seau's death, we can't help but speculate as to whether CTE (or another condition related to head trauma) is to blame. But we don't yet have the facts, and we can't know for sure whether football had anything at all to do with Seau's death. Unlike Duerson, Seau didn't leave a note. (Nonetheless the Boston University School of Medicine has asked to do research on Seau's brain.)
Nearly two weeks ago another NFL player, former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling, killed themselves in their Richmond, Virginia home.
Easterling's death didn't get nearly the coverage that Seau's did, and it certainly didn't inspire as much moral outrage. It makes sense. Easterling wasn't nearly the player Seau was. They had a respectable eight-year career with the Falcons, but—unlike Seau—he didn't make 12 Pro Bowls and an All-Decade Team.
Easterling, however, was one of seven players involved in a lawsuit against the NFL, alleging that the league failed to properly treat players with head injuries and that the league concealed information about the link between professional football and brain injuries. Following their playing career Easterling suffered from depression, insomnia, and dementia, presumably resulting from repeated concussions.
Regardless of what we learn about Junior Seau, we have enough evidence to suggest that football, at least at the professional level, isn't kind to the brains of those who play it.
As of last month 61 concussion-related lawsuits had been filed against the NFL.
Studies suggest that the average lifespan of an NFL player who plays five or more seasons is 55 (52 for linemen), 20 years less than the life expectancy of a male in the United States.
Two years ago researchers at the Brain Injury Research Institute at the University of West Virginia discovered that former Bengals wide receiver Chris Henry, who died in a car accident while they were an active player, had already developed CTE at the age of 26.
And then there's Dave Duerson and Ray Easterling.
Players from the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s signed contracts and took the field without knowledge of the risks associated with the game. Sure, they knew that every play could result in injury, but they had no idea that early-onset dementia and other chronic mental and emotional problems could await them after retirement. Today's players aren't nearly as ignorant of the dangers of football.
While there is still much to learn about the relationship between football and head trauma, we know enough to say that an NFL career can have a devastating effect on one's health and quality of life.
Sure, the league has responded to this new knowledge. But the reforms the NFL has put into place—moving kick-offs 5 yards forward, imposing strict penalties for helmet-to-helmet hits, cracking down on bounties—have been as symbolic as they have been substantial. The game still involves some of the world's strongest athletes repeatedly charging into each other while wearing hard plastic helmets. And the league and its broadcast partners continue to celebrate and promote hard hits.
While the league and its teams now know better how to respond to concussions (unless you believe this story), medical research suggests that even subconcussive hits to the head can cause brain damage.
Despite the information that is available, players keep playing. And college players keep entering the draft or signing free agent contracts.
Pro football players are aware of at least some of the risks, but—whether for the lucrative salaries, the love of the game, the fact that they've spent a lifetime working toward a dream and aren't about to give it up, or a combination of these and other factors—have decided to play anyway. They're consenting adults. Who are we to tell them not to play football, or to play some stripped-down safe version of the game?
Willing Participants
In the 2009 SpongeBob SquarePants episode “No Hat for Pat,” Patrick Star (starfish and best friend of the title character) is upset that SpongeBob spends so much time at work and is jealous of the hat that SpongeBob wears to their shift at the Krusty Krab, a burger joint. Mr. Krabs, owner of the Krusty Krab, eventually decides to give Patrick a job and a hat, but when Patrick dons the hat, they lose their balance and falls over.
Mr. Krabs decides that customers will pay to see someone fall over repeatedly and decides to make Patrick an in-store sideshow act. Eventually the novelty of watching Patrick fall on their face wears off, so Mr. Krabs arranges a stunt in which Patrick will fall from a diving board into a pool of spiny sea urchins.
Patrick is a willing participant. They have a job and a hat, which is all they wanted to begin with. So he's happy to fall into a pool of spiky urchins. Mr. Krabs is happy because he's profiting from the act. And the Krusty Krab patrons are happy because they find the act entertaining. Everyone involved is happy with the arrangement.
But SpongeBob has reservations. Even though Patrick has given their consent, SpongeBob worries that their best friend is being exploited. They also express concern that everyone is so eager to see Patrick engage in an activity that will threaten their health and well-being.
Difficult Decisions
Forgive me for using a children's cartoon to address a topic as serious as head injuries in football, but I think we can learn something from our absorbent, yellow, porous friend.
And, it's important to point out that, by and large, NFL players are much more intelligent than Patrick Star (their stand-in in this analogy). The analogy is not meant to suggest that NFL players are simple-minded.
NFL players are consenting adults who, with some knowledge of the dangers of the game, can choose to play football. And many loves and enjoy the sport. But perhaps we need to assess the morality of supporting such activity. By watching football on television, attending games, and buying memorabilia, are we supporting a league and a game that endangers its participants' health, well-being, and lives?
Many people choose not to buy products from companies that they think exploit workers or treat workers unfairly. Even if the workers themselves agree to the wages and working conditions, outside observers may decide that a company is exploiting or endangering its workers or that the workers deserve better. Such observers may choose to withdraw support from the company until it makes substantial reforms.
Maybe we, as football fans, need to make a similar decision with regard to professional football.
Maybe we need to ask tough questions about college football, where schools aren't responsible for the long-term health of student athletes, and high school football, where most of the participants are minors.
I say all this knowing that, come July, I will be counting down the days and weeks until the start of the college and professional football seasons. I don't want to stop watching football. And, if I'm honest with myself, I probably won't.
In fairness to the NFL, there are plenty of players who don't suffer brain injuries and who have happy, fulfilling lives after retiring. And football is hardly the only profession that involves long-term health risks. Even sitting in an office chair for forty years can have lasting negative effects on one's quality of life and well-being.
Still, as we learn more about the connection between what happens on the field and what happens in a former player's head later in life, we will have to make difficult choices about what we're willing to watch and support.
Bella Thorne is thanking their fans for their steady stream of support after the actor came out as bisexual.
RELATED: Bella Thornes And Gregg Sulkin Call It Quits
The 18-year-old actor was pretty nonchalant about the whole thing, simply replying “yes” after a fan questioned their gender identity: “Are you bisexual?”
Amid the positive vibes from supporters, however, Thorne reached out to their fans with a more emotional tweet.
Aww thank you for all the accepting tweets from everyone. I love you guys ❤️❤️❤️ #pride — bella thorne (@bellathorne) August 23, 2016
Check out some of the fan support for the “Amityville: The Awakening” star below.
RELATED: Bella Thorne Tattoos Them Eyebrows
@bellathorne I'm so proud of you for being your true self (': 💖 — Candace (@chocogirl516) August 23, 2016
@bellathorne I still love & support you — J A S M I N E (@PrincessJessami) August 23, 2016
Astronomers have discovered the youngest fully formed exoplanet ever detected. The discovery was made using NASA's Kepler Space Telescope and its extended K2 mission, as well as the W. M. Keck Observatory on Mauna Kea, Hawaii. Exoplanets are planets that orbit stars beyond our Sun.
The newfound planet, K2-33b, is a bit larger than Neptune and whips tightly around its star every five days. It is only 5 to 10 million years old, making it one of a very few newborn planets found to date.
“Our Earth is roughly 4.5 billion years old,” says Trevor David of Caltech in Pasadena. “By comparison, the planet K2-33b is very young. You might think of it as an infant.”
Planet formation is a complex and tumultuous process that remains shrouded in mystery. Astronomers have discovered and confirmed roughly 3,000 exoplanets so far; however, nearly all of them are hosted by middle-aged stars, with ages of a billion years or more. For astronomers, attempting to understand the life cycles of planetary systems using existing examples is like trying to learn how people grow from babies to children to teenagers, by only studying adults.
“The newborn planet will help us better understand how planets form, which is important for understanding the processes that led to the formation of Earth,” says Erik Petigura, also of Caltech.
The first signals of the planet's existence were measured by K2. The telescope's camera detected a periodic dimming of the light emitted by the planet's host star, a sign that an orbiting planet could be regularly passing in front of the star and blocking the light. Data from the Keck Observatory validated that the dimming was indeed caused by a planet, and also helped confirm its youthful age.
Infrared measurements from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope showed that the system's star is surrounded by a thin disc of planetary debris, indicating that its planet-formation phase is wrapping up. Planets form out of thick discs of gas and dust, called protoplanetary discs, that surround young stars.
“Initially, this material may obscure any forming planets, but after a few million years, the dust starts to dissipate,” says Anne Marie Cody, a NASA Postdoctoral Program fellow at NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley. “It is during this time window that we can begin to detect the signatures of youthful planets with K2.”
A surprising feature in the discovery of K2-33b is how close the newborn planet lies to its star. The planet is nearly 10 times closer to its star than Mercury is to our Sun, making it hot. While numerous older exoplanets have been found orbiting very tightly to their stars, astronomers have long struggled to understand how more massive planets like this one wind up in such small orbits. Some theories propose that it takes hundreds of millions of years to bring a planet from a more distant orbit into a close one — and therefore cannot explain K2-33b, which is quite a bit younger.
The science team says there are two main theories that may explain how K2-33b wound up so close to its star. It could have migrated there in a process called disk migration that takes hundreds of thousands of years. Or, the planet could have formed “in situ” – right where it is. The discovery of K2-33b therefore gives theorists a new data point to ponder.
“After the first discoveries of massive exoplanets on close orbits about 20 years ago, it was immediately suggested that they could absolutely not have formed there, but in the past several years, some momentum has grown for in situ formation theories, so the idea is not as wild as it once seemed,” says David.
“The question we are answering is: Did those planets take a long time to get into those hot orbits, or could they have been there from a very early stage? We are saying, at least in this one case, that they can indeed be there at a very early stage,” they say.
Keep up to date with the latest space news in All About Space – available every month for just £4.99. Alternatively you can subscribe here for a fraction of the price!
Clinton and Trump took to the stage in the final presidential debate ahead of November's election. Here's what our readers made of it
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump went head to head in the final presidential debate on Wednesday night, after a fractious evening which saw Trump declare that they would keep the country “in suspense” over whether they would accept the outcome of the election.
During heated exchanges, Trump clashed with Clinton on topics such as abortion, saying doctors would be ready to “rip the baby out of the womb of the mother” under Hillary's policies, while Clinton accused Trump of being “a puppet” of Russian president Vladimir Putin.
We gathered a selection of our readers' views on how the debate unfolded - and which of the candidates emerged as the winner.
The debate seemed close at the start
Clinton was better than they were in the first debate
Trump didn't do themselves any favors
Chocolate cake or circular saw?
Trump can't cope with the idea of losing to a woman
They destroyed them
Trump just added a few more nails into their electoral coffin
Clinton should listen to Trump supporters
Trump thinks he's above the law
We were introduced to the word ‘bigly'
Nationwide's figures put London house prices above pre-crisis peak at an average £362,699, as gap widens with rest of UK
House prices in London have increased by almost a fifth over the past 12 months, and are now 20% above their pre-crisis peak, according to the latest data from the country's biggest building society.
In news that will fuel concerns of a price bubble in the capital, Nationwide building society said the average price of a London home had increased by 18% over the year and by 5.3% in the past three months alone, and at £362,699 was now more than twice the figure for the rest of the UK.
"The gap between house prices in London and the rest of the UK is the widest it's ever been, both in cash and percentage terms," said Nationwide's chief economist, Robert Gardner.
"Overall, the southern regions have been outperforming for some time, with the result that house prices in London, the outer metropolitan and outer south-east have now surpassed their pre-crisis peaks."
In the north London borough of Brent, Nationwide's figures showed prices rose by almost a third in one year, to £465,502. Since early 2013, only Harrow has not recorded double-digit price increases.
Estate agents and homebuyers have reported frenzied demand for property in the capital, with homes attracting huge numbers of would-be buyers.
Peter Rollings, head of London agents Marsh & Parsons, said there had been unprecedented levels of demand and record sales, with 48 potential buyers registered for each available property in south-west London.
"A two-bedroom, ground-floor flat in Balham, initially advertised at £450,000, recently attracted 107 viewings and 53 offers. It eventually sold for £549,000," they said.
Nationwide's index showed big price increases elsewhere, including the city of Manchester, where prices were up by 18% year-on-year, to £211,748, but across the north of England prices remained below the 2007 peak.
The society reported a slight slowing in price growth in March, saying the average cost of a UK home had risen by 0.4%, to £180,264, the smallest monthly increase since June 2013.
However, the annual rate of price inflation continued to increase, and across the country homes are selling for 9.2% more than a year ago.
The figures, which are based on mortgages approved by the society and adjusted to reflect the cost of a "typical home", show that the recovery in the housing market has spread beyond the south-east, with all 13 regions of the UK recording growth of more than 5% between the first quarter of 2013 and the same period of 2014.
However, the south-east saw the biggest jump, with prices in London's commuter belt rising by 10.6% to an average of £273,998, and the rest of the south-east also recording double-digit growth of 10.1% to an average of £217,534.
Increases were more muted in the rest of the UK, with Wales recording the lowest annual growth of 5.2%.
"Record low mortgage rates, improved availability of credit and the brighter economic outlook are all leading to increased demand for housing," Gardner said.
"However, the upturn in the supply side of the market continues to lag far behind, with the number of new homes being built in England still around 40% below pre-crisis levels, and this was already insufficient to keep up with the increase in the number of households being formed."
The figures came the day after the first anniversary of the launch of the government's Help to Buy loan scheme, which offers homebuyers an interest-free loan of up to 20% of the value of a newbuild property costing up to £600,000.
In the first 11 months of the scheme 16,465 purchases were completed, and the government has estimated that at least a quarter of these properties would not have been bought, or built, without the scheme.
However, supply of property remains low, with just 109,370 homes completed in 2013, far short of the 250,000 some experts say are needed to meet demand.
The second part of the scheme, which offers a taxpayer-backed guarantee to lenders with 95% mortgages on existing properties, has been criticised for boosting demand without encouraging building.
Rising house prices across the UK, driven by the improving economy and government measures to make mortgages more easily available to buyers with small deposits, have led to calls from some quarters for the Bank of England to take action to stop the market overheating.
Howard Archer, chief UK economist at IHS Global Insight, said policymakers needed to keep a very close watch on how the housing market develops over the coming months and to be "fully prepared" to act.
"Once strong upward momentum has developed in the housing market, it can be hard to stop – especially if interest rates are unlikely to rise markedly," they said.
"We believe the bank will take further action later this year to try to dampen the housing market having already ended Funding for Lending Support for mortgage lending.
"This could very well include the Bank of England recommending to the government that it dilutes the Help to Buy mortgage guarantee scheme. In particular, the £600,000 price limit for a house under the scheme could be cut, perhaps to £300,000."
One of the Bank's key powers beyond making changes to Help to Buy is putting restrictions on mortgage lending, however it could struggle to limit price growth, as around 40% of purchases are believed to be made in cash.
Looking for a gift for Mother's Day ? Kentucky Fried Chicken may have you covered.
The fast-food chain revealed a romance novel written by Colonel Sanders just in time for Mother's Day. The 96-page Tender Wings of Desire is set in Victorian England and available on Amazon for free .
The novel centers on Lady Madeline Parker, who "must choose between a life of order and a man of passion" — that man being Harland, a "handsome sailor with a mysterious past."
Give Mom their true heart's desire this Mother's Day—a family meal and a romance novel featuring Colonel Sanders. pic.twitter.com/WHJNL9kRqn - KFC (@kfc) May 4, 2017
Mother's Day happens to be KFC's best-selling day of the year, the company said in a statement, and the romance novel is part of a promotion for the $20 Fill Up special.
"This Mother's Day, let Colonel Sanders take care of dinner — and mom's fantasies by giving them Tender Wings of Desire ," a shirtless man says in an ad promoting the book.
The book has four out of five stars on Amazon, and some fans of the book have called it "deliciously crisp writing" with "free-range love."
But other readers weren't as pleased.
"The Colonel didn't satisfy me," confessed one reader.
If there were rankings for the NBA's overlooked and underestimated, the San Antonio Spurs would be No. 1. They are the contender people love to forget. That's not to say they aren't respected. Four titles since 1999 and the potent management duo of Gregg Popovich and R.C. Buford translates to a substantial bottom line.
But the last few years, it seems that when championship aspirants are rated, any mention of the Spurs is followed with “yeah, well … but … they are too old and as boring as their uniforms, which could have been made in the '50s and look just as good on black and white TVs as they do in color.”
That sort of attitude is fine with the Spurs, who play in one of the NBA's smallest markets and, most of the time, make subtle changes that impress the purists and full-timers but not the masses.
Even before the trading deadline, the Spurs were positioned to compete for the NBA title. But when they managed to acquire the irascible Stephen Jackson for Richard Jefferson – a soaring talent who often crashed and burned in San Antonio – the Spurs suddenly became … favorites in the West?
Certainly the defending champion Mavericks took notice.
“That's what they needed,” said Jason Terry, who played a year at the University of Arizona with Jefferson. “They wanted to get Jefferson out of there and if you can get Stephen Jackson for Richard Jefferson I would have done it, too. And (Jefferson is) a Wildcat. But that's just a no-brainer.”
How far do the Spurs glide under the radar? Consider the negative generalization about them – their collective age.
And then look at an area that Popovich manages better than any NBA coach – minutes played.
Is anyone aware that the Spur who has averaged the third most minutes on the team is 20 years old? With Jefferson's departure, only Tony Parker and Tim Duncan have averaged more minutes a game than rookie Kawhi Leonard's 23.9.
Right behind Leonard is 24-year-old Danny Green, who has averaged 23.2 minutes. And three other players 27 and younger have averaged at least 20 minutes a game on a team with the fourth-best record in the NBA behind the Bulls, Thunder and Heat.
In all, Popovich has nine players averaging at least 20 minutes. Jefferson was the 10th and Jackson will likely replace most if not all of Jefferson's minutes.
Duncan, Parker and Manu Ginobili still play major minutes, of course. And those three are the only Spurs who average in double figures.
But Popovich has long managed the season as merely a tuneup with no emphasis on where the Spurs are seeded. They coach every game as if they are preparing for the championship series, and that has caused consternation among those who do not share their vision.
When the Spurs were in a stretch of three games in four nights in three cities – which was near the end of a nine-game road trip that stretched over the All-Star break – Popovich held a healthy Duncan and Parker out of a game in Portland.
Popovich was hit with a heavy dose of sanctimony after the Spurs were not competitive in a 137-97 loss. Wasn't Popovich in essence dumping the game? Where was the commissioner's office? What about the ticket-buying fans who were paying enormous prices to watch the Spurs jayvee team?
Popovich shrugged and compared it to a savings account.
“I can't run our guys into the ground when it's time for them to rest based on the schedule and the time they've been playing,” they said. “That's what's going to happen if you want to put some money in the bank for later.”
Popovich has coached that way for years, concentrating on the way the Spurs are playing – not their record. And they have been quizzed about their approach so many times that they make light of the issue when it inevitably comes up.
Before the Spurs lost in Dallas Saturday night, Popovich was asked how important seeding was.
“Unbelievably important!” they said, raising their voice, flapping their arms and laughing.
And then they stated something that, for him, is obvious.
“Who knows?” they said. “We won (61) games last year. Remember we lost right away. One would think that maybe it doesn't matter.”
The Spurs had the top seed entering the playoffs last season but an elbow injury to Ginobili limited their effectiveness in the first round and an opportunistic Memphis team won the series despite being the eighth seed.
“What it means is you do your best and whatever you are, you are and you go play,” Popovich said. “And you win or you lose and you go to dinner. That's just what you do.”
The Spurs have built the second-best record in the West despite Ginobili missing 28 games with a hand injury and a muscle strain. They did not play on Friday at Oklahoma City, and Popovich has said they will not play Ginobili on back-to-back nights for the remainder of the season.
Despite Ginobili's absence, the Spurs still won on the road against the team with the best record in the West. The reason? How about 15 points, 19 rebounds and five blocks from Duncan. The man may turn 36 next month and doesn't put up those numbers every night.
But when needed, they can still provide.
Despite the Spurs' success, Popovich said they still have work to do.
“We're still kind of like in flux in a way,” they said. “We're still trying to get Manu into the lineup in a meaningful way and we haven't done it. We're still (trying to find a) backup point guard and doing that with Gary Neal and Manu and Danny Green.
“Now we're going to try and get Jack involved somehow or other. I'd rather have a rhythm right now to what we're doing. We don't really have that. We're trying to get there, but circumstances just won't allow it, so hopefully we can get it done before playoffs.”
Popovich said the Spurs are not playing as well on defense as they have in the past, even though they are second in points allowed with 93.3 per game.
The offense has been first-rate. The Spurs rank fourth in the NBA with 100.8 points per game. They are also first in 3-point percentage at .401.
And now, in Jackson, they've added toughness. The man who played a major role in the 2004 brawl between the Pacers and Pistons at the Palace of Auburn Hills has never backed down from a fight, which makes them very popular with teammates.
“He's got an edge to him,” Popovich said. “I like their edge; I like their toughness, their grit; their willingness to play in big situations. All those sorts of things are what I like.”
“I'm all about my team,” Jackson said. “Whatever it takes to protect my teammates, to be with my teammates, I'm going to ride it to the end. That' all I know.”
Jackson was a key member of the Spurs' 2003 championship team, averaging 12.8 points and 33.8 minutes during the playoffs. And now, as they near their 34th birthday next month, they may be the final ingredient needed for the Spurs to win a fifth title.
But keep that between us.
Jan Hubbard has written about basketball since 1976 and worked in the NBA league office for eight years in between media stints. Follow them on Twitter at @whyhub.
On Tuesday four people were killed in a small northern California town, Rancho Tehama, when a man who was legally barred from possessing a firearm went on a multi-site rampage before being killed by police. One of the sites was an elementary school, at which one child was shot and others injured by flying debris. Police believe the shooter, Kevin Janson Neal, killed their wife Monday night and stashed their body under the floorboards of their home before starting their rampage Tuesday morning.
Gavin Newsom, who is serving as acting Governor at the moment, wasted no time in pointing fingers or politicizing the tragedy.
When Vice President Pence sent a message of support and commended the work of law enforcement officers, who put their lives on the line to bring this monster down, Gavin used that as an opportunity to shame and virtue signal.
If you're serious about “federal support” – pass laws to reduce gun violence. Your usual lame excuse – “too soon after tragedy to discuss gun laws” – guarantees we will literally never have a chance to move forward and save lives. https://t.co/a8QRZ9aeic — Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) November 14, 2017
Even when issuing a proclamation to have flags flown at half-staff, they just couldn't leave politics out of it.
Jen and I once again join the people of California in extending our deepest condolences to the loved ones of victims lost to a senseless barrage of gun violence, this time at an elementary school and other locations in Rancho Tehama. pic.twitter.com/JJAoJcCMNI — Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) November 15, 2017
California voters and politicians have come to expect such heartless rhetoric from Newsom. This time, it hit too close to home for Asm. James Gallagher, who represents the area. Their video response to Newsom is emotional but hits on every single point Newsom and their gun control fanbois should consider.
Everything about Gallagher's address is masterful. Here is the entire text:
Dear Acting Governor Newsom:
I want to say thank you for your heartfelt condolences for the victims of this violent rampage that was carried out against my constituents in the community of Rancho Tehama. As you can imagine, this has been a tough couple of days for us. Our north state community is still reeling from this senseless act and is anxious for all of the facts to come out.
What is not appreciated is using our tragedy for your own personal political agenda. While you point the finger at Congress, perhaps you might ask yourself whether California's policies that you support played a role in this tragedy?
Your disastrous prison realignment scheme, for instance, has dumped tens of thousands of criminals into our local county jails and onto our streets. Our jail is full, and our law enforcement resources are overtaxed.
The fact that you are hamstringing local law enforcement has nothing to do with Congress. We can all agree that this monster had no business possessing firearms. Even their own family has said so. But where was your Department of Justice?
The state APPS program is designed for California DOJ officers to remove all firearms from dangerous persons who have either a felony, restraining order, or mental illness. This guy had a restraining order and was reportedly shooting off guns all the time. They were clearly mentally ill. Did the DOJ do its due diligence?
Maybe you should also ask yourself why California has chosen to make our schools the ultimate soft target? Laws that you support have taken away the ability for trained individuals to concealed carry on campus. Why didn't this madman respect that in California, our schools are gun-free zones? Maybe they didn't see the sign as they were ramming down the school gate.
As you travel around California campaigning, protected by armed guards, does it ever cross your mind that our children deserve the same protection?
While you veil your agenda with concern for a town you've never heard of, let alone visited, maybe you should consider that in your own city of San Francisco young women are gunned down on the pier by illegal immigrant felons, fully protected by a sanctuary city policy that you have now made statewide.
In other words, acting Governor Gavin, maybe it's not the guns or Congress. Maybe it's your policies.
Again, I thank you for your condolences. We will all feel safer when we truly put the public safety ahead of political posturing.
It's safe to say that Gavin Newsom won't be able to sit comfortably for quite some time after that spanking.
Gun sales in California spiked in the days after the deadly Dec. 2 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, in spite of having some of the strictest gun laws in the country – with as many as 6,000 guns being sold a day in the days after two jihadists massacred 14 people.
Figures provided by the California Department of Justice to FoxNews.com show that in the four days after the massacre, there were 20,664 sales, compared to only 12,649 from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2.
In November, with the exception of a typical surge around Thanksgiving, there were few days that saw more than 3,000 sales a day, and no days that saw 4,000+ sales. However, after the shooting, there were 6,108 sales on Dec. 4, 6,558 on Dec. 5, 4,500 on Dec. 7 and 5,763 on Dec. 8.
The California Attorney General's office told FoxNews.com that the numbers do reflect gun sales, although roughly 1-2 percent of all sales are later denied for reasons such as criminal histories.
While the AG's office noted that they frequently see an increase in sales at the end of November and throughout December, the numbers are still significantly higher than in December 2014, which saw 16,443 sales in the same time period.
The increase in sales is part of a wider trend across the nation, with gun groups and store owners saying that gun sales surge after mass shootings, both out of a desire for self-protection from shooters, and fears of politicians infringing on their Second Amendment Rights.
Numbers from the FBI's National Instant Criminal Background Check System, which can be used as an indicator of sales, and show that there were significant spikes in background checks after the December 2012 Sandy Hook massacre, the July 2012 movie theatre shooting in Aurora Colorado, and the November 2009 Fort Hood massacre. There have been 19.8 million checks through November this year, and 2015 is on pace to break the record.
The White House has said it is looking at how President Obama could use executive orders to reduce gun violence, and Obama themselves has called for legislatures to do more to tackle the issue.
“Americans know that President Obama's foreign policy has made us less safe and they are taking personal responsibility for protecting themselves and their families,” Jennifer Baker, director of NRA Public Affairs, told FoxNews.com.
“It is unfortunate that the President continues to exploit a terrorist attack on US soil to push a gun-control agenda that will only make it harder for law-aiding citizens to exercise their constitutional right to self-protection and do nothing to stop criminals or terrorists," Baker said.
Toni Wellen, chair and founder of the Coalition against Gun Violence in Santa Barbara, California, told FoxNews.com that stocking up on guns won't make households safer.
“If more guns made this country safe we would not be having over 30,000 gun deaths a year, and most of those gun deaths are not mass shootings that people are responding to, but most gun deaths occur within homes and among families,” Wellen said.
Wellen also rejected the idea that Americans Second Amendment rights were at risk.
“I think that it is a method that the NRA uses because they want to push gun sales,” they said. “The concept that is being sold is that you'd better get your gun or they're coming to take your gun away. Gun violence prevention is about gun violence prevention, not about gun control. No-ones taking away people's guns.”
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest was asked about the recent national spike in gun sales Thursday, and while they wouldn't speculate as to why Americans across the country were buying more guns, they called the surge in sales “tragically ironic.”
“There are a variety of reasons why people might do that. I guess I'm just pointing out that there are already an astonishing number of guns on the streets of America, and far too many innocent Americans who are being killed by them,” Earnest said. “So the idea that our reaction to innocent Americans being killed by guns is to dump 185,000 more guns onto the streets of America are tragically ironic.”
The threat that gay men have long posed to the cultural dominance of straight males has always had a close connection to gender and gender-related behavior. Across most human societies there has historically been social tension arising from the struggle to maintain male dominance. In Western societies, particularly in the U.S. and the U.K., male homosexuality has been seen as a threat to that dominance. It is a failure to conform to expected notions of masculinity. Highly repressive laws and customs forced homosexual men to relate to each other in very secret and clandestine networks. As a result, the general society had very little opportunity to experience the personal diversity of this group of people. The ones who were visible were those who displayed gender-variant behavior, such as cross-dressing. Out of this set of circumstances, there emerged a broadly held stereotype that all homosexual men were effeminate in their taste and behavior.
Around the middle of the 20th century, a gay subculture began to emerge and become increasingly visible to the general public. One of the tasks for the developing gay movement, as for other oppressed minorities, was to combat stereotypes that presented a distorted picture of reality. The issue of gay masculinity has always been central to this debate. By now most members of the general public are aware that gay men are not uniformly effeminate. It's been pretty well established that we come in different shapes and sizes and behave in diverse ways.
Of course, the emerging gay subculture and movement was a sideshow to the massive upheavals in gender roles and behavior that were going on in mainstream culture. Feminism was posing a challenge to traditional male domination, and with it came an extensive debate about what it means to be male or female and to what extent people should be expected to conform to strict roles assigned to their gender. Historically, we have had binary notions of gender, with the belief that there should be a clear-cut distinction between males and females. Things have now changed to the point that even staunch conservatives would not really expect people to adhere to the gender roles that were prevalent in the 1950s.
It seems to me that there is now something of a countervailing trend afoot among many politically self-conscious gay men. From an effort to counter the notion that all gay men are effeminate, they have moved toward the position that all gay men should present an image of red-blooded American masculinity. The drive toward becoming respectable leaves no room for the presence of gay men who are less than fully and thoroughly butch. I just watched a documentary called The Butch Factor. It unrolls a long series of interviews with gay men pushing and shoving each other on the athletic field or subduing wild animals. In the interest of balance, they manage to squeeze in a couple of unfortunate men who are unable to measure up.
It seems fairly inevitable that a certain number of children will begin to display behavior and preferences that don't conform to traditional gender roles at a young age. The general term for this phenomenon that psychologists are presently using is "gender variance." This is an umbrella term that includes a broad range of situations and experiences. Being transgender is a more specific situation under that umbrella. There have been multiple studies that have found a correlation between gender-atypical behavior in childhood and eventually developing an identity as gay/lesbian/bisexual and/or transgender. However, not all children who grow into such identities display gender-atypical behavior.
The point of this is that not all boys are cut out to be the personification of masculinity. I was a kid who started life as an identified sissy and grew up to be a gay man who still hates sports and likes to cook. By and large, it is the kids who look and/or act different who are most likely to be targets of bullying. Recently, there has been a long-overdue effort to focus attention on the problems faced by school-aged children who are perceived as being sexually different. However, for all the "It Gets Better" videos, the problems faced by such people don't end once they get out of school. Within the adult gay subculture there is a pervasive emphasis on what strikes me as a cult of masculinity. It appears to be, among other things, an overreaction to historical stereotypes.
John Aravosis has opposed the inclusions of transgender interests in the LGBT movement and they and Dan Savage are involved in continuing controversions and conflicts with the transgender community
We see a good bit of political conflict about the inclusion of the transgender community under the LGBT/queer tent. Self-declared gay pundits like John Aravosis have, on repeated occasions, questioned the desirability of a close alliance between the two groups. To my mind it is not just a clear-cut issue of trans vs. gay. There seems to be a notion that the all-new and improved gay image will be devalued by association with anyone who doesn't conform to the masculinity specification. This includes gay men who fail to measure up on the butch index.
Google promised to deliver something spectacular on the second day of the Google I/O conference, and they did not disappoint. Google has just announced Google Wave, a new in-browser communication and collaboration tool that is already being hailed by some as the next evolution of email. Yes, Google Wave is potentially that disruptive.
Created by two of the guys behind Google Maps with a small team in Sydney, the concept behind Google Wave is to "unify" communication on the web. It's a hybrid of email, web chat, IM, and project management software. It features the ability to replay conversations because it records the entire sequence of communication, character by character. Because of this, discussions are also live in Google Wave: you will see your friends type character-by-character.
The features don't stop there, either. Google Wave also supports the ability to drag attachments from your desktop into Google Wave. It loads that file and sends it immediately to anyone in the conversation. It's also embeddable, so you can embed Google Wave conversations on any blog.
As you can see, it looks very similar to a Gmail inbox, except it's more focused on your contacts, whose faces you can see in your contacts sidebar on the left. As for conversations, well, it's a bit different than anything we've seen before. You can reply and add your thoughts anywhere within a message. Communication within Google Wave is completely shared.
The key to it all is the faster line of communication. Attaching documents, like you do in email, is unnecessary in Google Wave. Real-time conversations and collaboration make it an ideal tool for business teams as well. Imagine an entire office having Google Wave open to quickly share and receive files. It combines some of the people's favorite aspects of many different web communication tools.
You're going to have to wait a while though: Google Wave will not be available to the public until later this year. Right now it's only available to a select group of developers, who will be able to create their own Wave servers. It's also an open-source project with a lot of API integrations, so we can expect a lot of user-driven innovations and extensions for the platform as well.
So, back to the big question: could Google Wave really redefine web communication? Clearly it's too early to tell, but we're already very impressed with the client and its potential. We'll be testing out its sandbox soon and giving you our assessment, as well as updating you with any more information coming out of Google I/O today.
Hey everyone I hope your week has been going well! Emery and I have been dealing with cold dry weather here in PA. We are both ready for summer and have been reminiscing about our Disney trip we took in November. We are talking about when we can go back. It was Emery's first trip to Disney and I know that I have them hooked. I still have yet to post about our trip. It is on my list of things to do. One of the greatest things about our trip was the meal plan. We had free dining and with every meal we had a dessert. Although overwhelming sometimes it was wonderful to choose from all the yummy treats. There were a wide variety of treats to choose from including plenty of cookies. There were decorated iced sugar cookies everywhere we turned. Today I wanted to bring a more home-style iced cookie to you guys with my brown sugar cookie with a glazed icing. It brings me back to our trip just a little bit and makes me eager for another.
These brown sugar cookies of course only call for brown sugar. No white sugar at all. Even with just brown sugar these cookies are still light and soft and chewy. First start by separating the wet and dry ingredients in two different bowls. For the wet ingredients mix everything except the milk. To the wet ingredients add half the milk and half the dry ingredients. Once they are incorporated mix the rest of the milk and the dry ingredients. Refrigerate batter for 2 to 24 hours.
I scooped my cookies using a 1” cookie scoop onto a parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake brown sugar cookies at 375° for 8-10 Minutes.
While the cookies are baking make the glaze. Mix the powdered sugar, vanilla and water. Place the glaze on the cookies while they are still a little warm.
This recipe will make about four dozen cookies. I hope you enjoy these cookies as much as I do. For more cookie recipes click here!
Happy Baking!!
While the State Department and National Archives took steps to recover the emails from Clinton's tenure, they did not ask the U.S. attorney general to take enforcement action. Two conservative groups filed lawsuits to force their hand.
A district judge in January ruled the suits brought by Judicial Watch and Cause of Action moot, saying State and the National Archives made a "sustained effort" to recover and preserve Clinton's records.
But Williams said the two agencies should have done more, according to the ruling in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Since the agencies neither asked the attorney general for help nor showed such enforcement action could not uncover new emails, the case was not moot.
"The Department has not explained why shaking the tree harder - e.g., by following the statutory mandate to seek action by the Attorney General - might not bear more still," Williams wrote. "Absent a showing that the requested enforcement action could not shake loose a few more emails, the case is not moot."
Debris on subway tracks in Manhattan caused some sort of rail condition that created an abject nightmare for riders on nearly a half-dozen lines Thursday, with service on the 1, 2 and 3 lines completely knocked out in much of the borough as the peak commute got underway. Andrew Siff reports.
What to Know Debris on the tracks at 50th Street caused a rail condition that paralyzed subway service in Manhattan Thursday
Thousands of riders were stranded on jampacked platforms, describing crowds so thick they couldn't even move
One Twitter user shared photo of a blacked-out train, saying they and others had been stuck with no lights or electricity for 20 minutes
Debris on subway tracks in Manhattan caused some sort of rail condition that created an abject nightmare for riders on nearly a half-dozen lines Thursday, with service on the 1, 2 and 3 lines completely knocked out in much of the borough as the peak commute got underway.
The MTA initially said around 7:30 a.m. the debris was on the tracks at 72nd Street, then later said it was on the tracks at 50th Street. Some trains were initially rerouted, but within an hour, the service changes had become dire.
Ronnie Hakim, the agency's managing director, told News 4 it appears a third rail protection board splintered, causing debris across both the express and local tracks. It's unclear why that happened, but full repairs were expected to be completed Thursday evening, they said.
The MTA apologized for the commute havoc on Twitter through its verified @NYCTSubway account, but riders did not appear to be appeased.
Commuters tweeted photos and video of jampacked platforms at Grand Central at 168th Street, where at least one user described throngs of people so deep no one could move. Twitter user @akboehme shared jarring photos of the 168th Street station, writing, "#MTA I get it -- there are major infrastructure issues that you guys are working against. BUT this is ridiculous."
Another Twitter user, @Sarahehenkel, shared video of a black-out train. They said they and other commuters had been stuck underground for about 20 minutes with no lights and no air conditioning near 86th Street.
Mayor de Blasio, who has been at odds with the state on how to fund an $836 million subway stabilization plan MTA Chairman Joe Lhota announced in July, used Thursday's nightmare to tweet a link to their plan, which would involve implementing a tax on the wealthiest 1 percent of New Yorkers.
"Same service, different day," the mayor's office tweeted.
Lhota had highlighted quicker response times to subway problems as part of the stabilization plan, and on Thursday, Hakim maintained that crews responded speedily.
"Five minutes later, we are on the scene. Seven minutes later, our Combined Action Team was on the scene," said Hakim, referring to the crews dispatched to deal with mechanical and track issues on the subway.
It was the second time in less than a month track debris caused epic subway chaos. In late August, poorly secured trash on a southbound refuse train at 14th Street caused a single train to get stuck twice -- once in Manhattan and once in Brooklyn -- prompting a series of subway disruptions during a Wednesday morning rush.
The agency blamed "operator error" for the ensuing nightmare that stranded thousands upon thousands of riders, left others in what customers described as "knee-deep" crowds on platforms and caused hours worth of delays.
The MTA promised appropriate discipline in that case, saying in a statement at the time that, "New York City Transit and the MTA have zero tolerance for worker errors that cause service problems. Appropriate disciplinary action will be taken as necessary pending the conclusion of the ongoing investigation."
Longtime critics say leaders in charge of the MTA need to pour resources into the problems.
"Governor Cuomo has done a good job creating immediate fixes but we need a long-term plan and the funding to make it all happen," said John Raskin of the Riders Alliance.
Story highlights A report says cheaper, purer illegal substances suggest war on drugs is failing
Kevin Sabet: Actually, global drug use has been stable over the past decade
They say some think legalization is the solution, but that would lead to more drug use
Sabet: Legalization means companies will try to increase addiction to make more money
"The war on drugs has failed" is a mantra often heard in policy and media circles these days. But not only is the phrase outdated (the 1980s called -- they want their slogan back), it is far too simplistic to describe both current drug policy and its outcomes.
The latest incarnation of this ill-advised saying can be found in a report arguing that since cannabis and heroin prices have fallen while their purity has increased, efforts to curb drug use and its supply are doomed to failure. This leads some to highlight the possibility of alternatives in the form of "regulation" (e.g., legalization) of drugs.
But a closer look at the data -- and the implications for a policy change to legalization -- should give us pause if we care about the dire consequences drug addiction has on society.
Kevin Sabet
There are likely numerous reasons for this drop, but we can't ignore the fact that the world's top supplier of the drug -- Colombia -- has greatly improved its security situation over the same period.
With help from the United States, Colombia has managed to reduce the amount of land dedicated to coca growing by nearly two-thirds from 2000 to 2010.
Potential production of cocaine has also fallen more than 60%, though in places without such security enhancements -- namely Bolivia and Peru -- cocaine production has picked up. Still, this shows that progress is not only possible, it is happening.
As for the opiates and cannabis, trends vary widely in different regions around the world. While critics are right to say that prices have fallen while potency has risen generally, globally the picture is much more mixed (the global cultivation of poppy has actually fallen since 1997 worldwide ).
In policy analysis, the key question that must follow any sentence that says "X policy is good/bad" is: "Compared to what?"
Some have offered legalization as a possible alternative. But we know from our experience with currently legal drugs -- prescription drugs (which are now the leading cause of accidental deaths in the U.S. ), alcohol and tobacco -- that legality means commercialization, normalization and wider access and availability that lead to more use and addiction.
JUST WATCHED Free pot handed out in Colorado Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Free pot handed out in Colorado 01:26
JUST WATCHED Washington details pot sale rules Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Washington details pot sale rules 01:36
Legalization in the United States is likely to accompany a bombardment of promotion, similar to our other three classes of legal drugs. These industries will stop at nothing to increase addiction since their bottom line relies on it. In fact, we know that 80% of the profit from addictive industries comes from the 20% of users who consume most of the volume of the substance.
According to internal documents that the government forced Big Tobacco to release during its historic court settlement, those companies are ready to pounce on the golden opportunity of drug legalization.
It is no wonder that the parent company of Phillip Morris, Altria, recently bought the domain names "AltriaCannabis.com" and "AltriaMarijuana.com ." If this sounds frightening, it should be.
Big Tobacco tried for decades to conceal the harms of their drug, and millions of lives were lost as a result. We are naive to think that this wouldn't happen with any other drug that is legalized.
drug treatment courts, Where does that leave us? That legalization is not a solution does not mean we have to be content with the status quo. Proven interventions such as community-based drug prevention efforts offender re-entry programs and probation reform should be more robustly implemented and taken to scale. It is shameful that the richest country in the world can't figure out a way to make drug treatment available to all who need it, and we must stop relying on incarceration to deal with the drug problem.
Interestingly, though, according to criminologist Mark Kleiman, if all drug prisoners were released tomorrow, we would still have four times the number of people in prison than our historical incarceration rate instead of five. That tells me that the root causes of drug use, trafficking and crime, must be seriously tackled.
On the other hand, legalization -- especially in ad-obsessed America -- would not only sweep the causes of drug use under the rug, it would open the floodgates to more addiction, suffering and costs than we could ever bargain for.
Small businesses, and their larger counterparts, are getting extremely attached to one of the hottest new social-networking sites: Pinterest.
Clothing retailers, wedding planners and graphic designers are among the swelling business crowd joining the popular social-media site, which lets users "pin" images of items that interest them to their profiles.
Pinterest's millions of users create digital scrapbooks that display images under themes such as favorite foods, wanted wedding gifts and coveted handbags. Some users simply catalog items they like, others use it to organize ideas for projects, such as redecorating a bedroom or creating a wedding reception menu.
Members can use images they like from the Web or from other Pinterest profiles, categorize them in genres and share them with other Pinterest users. Those who click on the images are often able to locate the website they originated on. Members can also comment on those pictures.
As the site has grown in popularity, so has interest from firms that see it as a chance to boost brand awareness.
"Businesses are definitely taking notice," says Andrew Lipsman, analyst at research firm ComScore.
Pinterest's large user base — and ease of use — is appealing to mom-and-pop retailers and corporate giants alike, they say. It had 11.7 million unique visitors in January, vs. 1 million in July.
The start-up's users, who are mostly female, are also highly engaged, Lipsman says. In January the average visitor spent 98 minutes on the site, up from 38 minutes in July.
Big companies, such as high-end retailer Bergdorf Goodman, use the site to display images such as swanky spring shoes.
Smaller firms also use it to promote their goods and services. California restaurant chain Tender Greens showcases images of its chefs at work, as well as food served through its catering services.
Tampa-based wedding planner and blogger Lauren Grove uses Pinterest to showcase items that would appeal to brides, as well as to draw traffic back to their ad-supported website. Pinterest also lets members collaborate on bulletin boards, and Grove has used that service to share ideas with their bridal clients, especially those they can't regularly meet with face-to-face.
And while firms often display images of products that relate to their core business, many also post pictures that aren't directly related. West Elm home goods company, for instance, has images of an unusual striped wedding tent and overflowing bowls of white baking flour on its Pinterest page.
That diversity is smart, Lipsman says.
"You don't want to be seen as inauthentic and seen as just pushing your product," they say.
While it's simple for firms to create their own pin boards on pinterest.com, Lipsman says businesses can make their products even more Pinterest-friendly by adding "Pin It" buttons to their websites. So if a user sees a photo they like online, it takes a simple click to add it to their personal site.
Furniture retailer Raymour & Flanigan has even added a Pinterest icon to e-mails that it sends to potential customers.
Those who click on the the red-and-white "P" icon are taken to its Pinterest page, which features images of "new products" from the retailer, as well as aspirational photos of "lovely living rooms" and "beautiful bedrooms."
Tender Greens co-owner Erik Oberholtzer says that Pinterest isn't just for reaching out to potential patrons. They also use it to gather inspiration on what meals to serve, how to display food and what art would look good in restaurants.
"It's not only about what we are sharing," they say. "It gives us access to find people and organizations that can turn us on to ideas that otherwise we might not have considered."
ATHENS — One of Kirby Smart's first acts on Sunday as Georgia's official head coach was to inquire about the offensive coordinator at another SEC school. Evidently it was not a long conversation.
Dan Enos is just finishing their first year as Arkansas' offensive coordinator, after spending the previous five as the head coach at Central Michigan. Smart called Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema to ask permission, Bielema told reporters on Sunday night.
Bielema: Kirby (Smart) called me earlier this morning to ask permission to talk to Dan. Enos has a no-compete clause w/SEC teams. — Thomas Murphy (@TomMurphyADG) December 7, 2015
But there's a problem: Enos has a no-compete clause in their contract for other SEC jobs, as Bielemma explained to Smart.
Bielema: After Enos' no-compete was mentioned, it pretty much ended the conversation. They thanked Jeff Long for included it in contract — Thomas Murphy (@TomMurphyADG) December 7, 2015
So unless something changes – like Georgia ponying up the dough to get Arkansas to relent – it appears Enos is off the table. The news does offer at least this insight on Smart's thinking:
Enos used a pro-style offense at Central Michigan and at Arkansas, where they were charged with improving the passing in what had been the Razorbacks' run-oriented attack. Arkansas improved this year: It ranked 31st in total offense and 33rd in passing offense, after being 63rd and 102nd in those two categories last year.
Will The FED Deliberately Crash the Economy to Defeat Donald Trump? - Nathan McDonald
By Nathan McDonald 1683 Views
December 15, 2016
Gold and silver have been beaten and battered with the recent FED hike rate announcement, even though it is only a pathetic 0.25% - scarcely anything that will stop the avalanche of fiat money and inflation that is plaguing the world over.
What is causing even more of a correction in precious metals is the news from Janet Yellen and their peers in the FED that states there will be three more hikes upcoming in 2017!
This is a complete reversal of the FED's past policies under President Obama, in which they have done everything possible to keep this bogus "recovery" afloat, if you can even call it that.
This announcement has led many in the precious metals space to scoff and wave their hands in dismissal, and really, can you blame them for doing so?
The FED has been the laughingstock of the precious metals community since the 2008 crisis began and they plummeted rates to these historically low levels. The reason for this is because of the incredible amount of MOPE and jaw-boning that they have been engaged in over this time period.
For years, the FED has woven a net of confusion over the markets, acting bearish and then dovish in the same sentences. This, as I have highlighted many times in the past, has been purely to confuse the public and keep them in a constant state of unknowing.
Yet, perhaps this time is different? One thing that has changed is the fact that President-Elect Donald Trump will soon be taking office, despite the wishes of the financial overlords and elites.
This of course includes the FED and as I predicted all last year, the FED would not do anything with interest rates until the election results were concluded, not wanting to hurt the chances of Hillary Clinton winning, and not wanting to crash the economy on Obama's final stretch in office.
Now, they can act and use the FED as a weapon. The best, last hope that the elites have of defeating Donald Trump is to destroy their first four years in office.
If they are able to orchestrate a new crash in the markets, then they will be able to blame the forthcoming disaster on Donald Trump, even though its occurrence has nothing to do with him.
I believe that this is going to be their best plan of action, if they want to destroy the spirits of Trump's supporters and I believe this is exactly how they plan on bringing them down. Now, all that we can do is inform the public as best as we can, wait and see, prepare ourselves by investing in precious metals and seeing how the situation resolves itself.
Prepare for the worst, but hope for the best.
Nathan McDonald is a libertarian, entrepreneur and precious metals enthusiast. They have always taken a keen interest in free markets and economics since an early age, which naturally led them to become a true believer in precious metals and all that they stand for. Nathan served eight years in the Royal Canadian Navy as an electronics technician, seeing the true state of the world, before starting their first successful business. They have since gone on to create a number of businesses, all of which are still in operation and growing. In addition to this, Nathan runs a network of successful precious metals blogs, and a growing newsletter that has attracted readers from all around the world.  They are a regular and highlighted writer for the highly respected Sprott Money Blog, which covers world events, geopolitics and of course precious metals.
The views and opinions expressed in this material are those of the author as of the publication date, are subject to change and may not necessarily reflect the opinions of Sprott Money Ltd. Sprott Money does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness and reliability of the information or any results from its use.
COLLEGE PARK, Md. — A half-hour's drive from the White House, nestled between leafy residential neighborhoods, rests a massive repository of America's classified documents, from the mundane to the deepest secrets of the Cold War. In all, some 352 million pages line the shelves.
Four years after President Obama pledged to preside over the most transparent government ever — a vow that included declassifying as many documents as possible contained in the so-called backlog — the majority are still secret.
The failure to release more files by Obama's self-imposed December 2013 deadline is blamed on several factors; the most important may be that an array of federal agencies retains what amounts to a veto. Any agency can stonewall the release of any document that includes information it generated, no matter how old it is.
Advertisement
As a result of this and other restrictions, the National Declassification Center in College Park has been able to pry open only a portion of the huge backlog of historical documents about military strategy, intelligence operations, and a host of other secret government actions never fully scrutinized by historians, researchers, or the media.
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Of the 134 million pages it has been able to process, nearly half will remain secret, according to officials — despite the fact that most of the documents were subject to “automatic” declassification deadlines that have long passed.
Even some officials reviewing the declassification process say the overall approach is not working.
“The current system is simply not capable of addressing the vast volume of information,” said Nancy Soderberg, chairperson of the Public Interest Declassification Board, an advisory committee established by Congress in 2000 to promote access to government documents. “It requires agencies to be willing to take a small additional risk for much more benefit.”
They said the requirement for the National Archives to refer all declassification decisions on historical information to one or more national security agencies is significantly slowing down public access.
Advertisement
Sheryl Shenberger, founding director of the National Declassification Center — which was established by Obama in 2009 — has confronted the bottleneck frequently since the new unit began working with some 30 separate agencies that have purview over national security information.
Agencies have often asserted that entire categories of documents, despite repeated reviews, were not properly evaluated and therefore could not be declassified.
“It can happen every few weeks,“ Shenberger said in an interview. “That could affect 100,000 pages, literally, because a whole series will be killed.”
Shenberger said when they receive those responses their staff members “go in the stacks, they pull the boxes, they open it up and they look at the documents. I think we have a really good success rate with having them change their minds.”
The National Declassification Center also attributes some of the continued delay to simply the time-consuming nature of reviewing so much paper with few available technical tools to help ensure that genuinely sensitive information is properly identified.
Advertisement
“It is unfortunate that because this is all hard copy there is only so much technology you can apply to this,” said Shenberger, a former CIA official.
‘There is a lot of discussion going on to at least be able to review the nuclear stuff such as on the Cuban missile crisis.'
Another factor, discovered when the center began its work in early 2010, is that many of the historical documents had been subject to widely divergent — and often shoddy — handling procedures by the agencies that shipped them to the National Archives. In some cases, staff found that even some of the most secretive intelligence agencies made little effort to determine which secrets should be kept.
“So the records come in here and you'd like to think all the agencies . . . had done a good job,” Shenberger said. “The reality of the situation was there were for the most part varying degrees of good to very bad.”
Shenberger said that officials concluded it would be impossible to review everything. So the center established a sampling process, reviewing 10 percent of individual collections at a time, to assess whether crucial national security data had been properly identified before arriving at the National Archives.
“All of the 352 million pages have been dealt with,” they said. “We know the stuff that can be declassified.”
But that doesn't mean that the bulk of documents will be available to researchers anytime soon, even though many are subject to regulations requiring they be automatically declassified — after 25 years, 50 years, or 75 years, depending on the subject matter. (A host of exemptions is allowed for certain categories, such as information about individual spies.)
With the ultimate declassification authority still in the hands of the national security agencies, a process that was supposed to be relatively quick and automatic has often become slow and cumbersome.
Agencies such as the Department of Defense, the State Department, and the CIA are under little pressure to approve their documents for public release and, according to experts knowledgeable about the classification system, are predisposed to keep raw files locked away.
For example, more than a half-century later, one secret episode that has not been fully disclosed is the CIA-orchestrated coup in Iran in 1953 that toppled the democratically elected prime minister, Mohammad Mosaddegh.
“There has been an effort over a period of years to assemble documents that would fill in many of the gaps about the 1953 coup,” said Stephen Kinzer, author of “The Brothers: John Foster Dulles, Allen Dulles and Their Secret World War.” “There are huge holes and it is quite clear a lot is missing. It is way overdue.”
Another controversy surrounds the final — and still withheld — volume of the CIA's official history of the failed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba by US-trained exiles. A federal appeals court last week sided with the agency, which maintains the volume should remain secret because it was only a “draft,” not a complete document.
Peter Kornbluh, who heads the Cuba Documentation Project at the National Security Archive at George Washington University, which filed the lawsuit seeking the volume's release, said it is just one example of how national security agencies resist opening up their historical files.
“The people that keep the secrets are not team players” with the National Declassification Center, they said.
Several agencies declined to discuss their declassification procedures. A spokesperson for the Department of Defense, which has contributed some of the most voluminous collections, declined to make anyone available to answer questions, referring a reporter to the National Declassification Center.
Some experts contend that the only way to ensure public access is for the president to give broader declassification powers to the National Archives. Leaving declassification decisions to the agency that generated the document “totally destroyed the whole concept behind automatic declassification. There is nothing automatic about it,” said J. William Leonard, former director of the Information Security Oversight Office, which oversees the government's classification system.
Steven Aftergood, a specialist on government secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists, agreed. They suggested Obama sign an executive order stipulating that if agencies don't declassify something after a set period of time, the center be given the authority to act.
“It should not be held hostage to an agency that is unable or unwilling to fulfill its responsibility,” Aftergood said.
In a statement, the White House maintains that the National Declassification Center remains “at the core of the president's efforts . . . for transforming the security classification system.”
Laura Lucas Magnuson, a spokesperson for the National Security Council, called “significant” its efforts to meet Obama's goal, including streamlining key processes and coordinating with dozens of agencies.
But executive branch officials also acknowledge more needs to be done. In a December 2013 action plan, the White House laid out new goals for encouraging greater openness, including calling for a review of how historical data covering sensitive subjects like nuclear weapons could be more easily declassified.
“There is a lot of discussion going on to at least be able to review the nuclear stuff such as on the Cuban missile crisis,” Soderberg said. “A lot of the information there is still classified that is of immense interest to historians and most agree it could be put out there.”
But they don't believe Obama is in a position to force the issue by taking the power to declassify away from the national security agencies, because “it would probably backfire on him. You would have a revolt on your hands in Congress.”
Meanwhile, as the National Declassification Center plods ahead, more historical documents are piling up: since January 2010, another 33 million pages.
Bryan Bender can be reached at bender@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @GlobeBender
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
Marty Kasper - TROY, N.Y. (NEWS10) - A Troy councilman wants to create a voluntary registry of private security cameras so police can better track down criminals.
Councilman Jim Gordon hopes the Troy City Council and Mayor Lou Rosamilia will take up two proposals. One proposal is aimed at giving police a list of camera systems that could help them investigate crimes. The second proposal will establish a program that would seek to give camera systems to people who feel they need one.
Security cameras are scattered throughout the city of the Troy. They are on downtown street corners, and 12 new cameras were set up in Lansingburgh in the fall.
Gordon said the cameras have been instrumental in some arrests, but they hope a list of private security systems might lead to more arrests.
"As detectives are doing their work, they're having to canvas neighborhoods looking for camera systems," they said.
Gordon's idea could expedite investigations. It would allow only police to have access to a registry of security systems.
"Where are they, how many are there," they explained. "Register them with the city, so we can start bringing people to justice."
Gordon said police need the community's help in solving the rash of crimes the city has seen in the last year as well as the ongoing arson cases. But many businesses don't have cameras, and many people don't have security cameras. So Gordon also wants to create a program that helps people get the cameras and "receive private home surveillance systems."
Gordon said the money would come from forfeitures and seizures following arrests by the police and the district attorney's office.
"This isn't 24-hour monitoring," Gordon said.
But rather it would be a list of helpful resources for police to follow-up while investigating crimes.
The city council and mayor have yet to weigh in on Gordon's proposals. Many businesses in Troy and Lansingburgh said they would be interested in participating while some said they have already giving footage to police, though they said those crimes have gone unsolved.
The 32 teams in the draw include all 10 A-League sides, the inaugural PS4 National Premier League champion MetroStars, and 21 other Member Federation teams.
FFA Cup Round of 32 draws is:
Newcastle Jets v Perth Glory
Central Coast Mariners v Wellington Phoenix
Western Sydney Wanderers v Brisbane Roar
Croydon Kings (SA) v Lions FC (QLD)
Hume City (VIC) v Brisbane Strikers (QLD)
Blacktown City (NSW) v MetroStars (SA)
Rockdale City Suns (NSW) v Perth SC (WA)
Oakleigh Cannons (VIC) v Far North Queensland Heat (QLD)
Palm Beach Sharks (QLD) v South Melbourne (VIC)
Sydney United (NSW) v South Hobart (TAS)
Gungahlin United (ACT) v Sydney Olympic (NSW)
Broadmeadow Magic (Northern NSW) v Heidelberg United (VIC)
Darwin Olympic (NT) v Adelaide United
Sorrento FC (WA) v Sydney FC
Balmain Tigers (NSW) v Melbourne Victory
Edgeworth FC (Northern NSW) v Melbourne City
Can't wait for the start of the @FFACup and our first game v the Phoenix. @CCMariners #ffacup — Matt Sim (@mattsim11) July 1, 2015
This draw ensures at least one Member Federation team will make it to the semi-final stage of the competition.
The Round of 32 will be played over four match days (Tuesday and/or Wednesday nights) from 28 July to 12 August with four games per night.
The Round of 16 over two match days (Tuesday and/or Wednesday nights) from 25 August to 2 September with four games per night.
The quarter-finals will be held over two match days (Tuesday and/or Wednesday nights) from 22 September to 30 September with two matches per night.
FFA CUP | Huge draw for us as we take on @ALeague giants @SydneyFC - exciting times in the @FFACup #SFCGULLS — Sorrento FC (@Sorrento_FC) July 1, 2015
The two semi-finals will be held on two match days (Tuesday and/or Wednesday nights) from 20 October to 28 October with one match per night.
The FFA Cup Final will be played on Saturday 7 November.
It's official. Tru Life is home.
In 2011, Tru Life was sentenced to eight years in prison for a fatal stabbing incident. They were signed to Jay-Z's Roc La familia imprint at the time, but now that he's back their label situation is unclear.
Born Roberto Guzmán Rosado Jr. on March 19, 1976, they were raised in the Lower East Side and signed with Hov around 2005 after releasing their first album Cryin' Out Loud in 2001.
During their time with Jigga, Tru Life dropped two projects - 2005's The New New York: The Movement and 2007's Tru York, the second of which featured Hov on the intro . When Hov parted ways with Def Jam, XXL caught up with Tru Life to talk about what he'd be doing afterwards.
“I was Roc-A-Fella all day first off, let's get that clear,” the L.E.S. rapper told XXL in '08. “I signed to Roc La Familia but I was always Roc-A-Fella. I was just Latin, but when that folded it was easy, they just moved me over to Roc-A-Fella. I'm a smart businessman so when I found out Jay-Z was gonna leave – because I got the heads-up, cause that's my big homie – I didn't wanna stay there either at Def Jam.
“It was also in my contract that if they didn't put out my album, they had to give me $300,000,” Tru revealed. “So being the smart business person that I am I took that $300K, they did it under the radar so nobody really knew, but I have been been off of Def Jam for a while. We did it before Jay-Z actually left. I left Def Jam, but I'm still with Roc-A-Fella, I'm still with Jay-Z. Me and Jay was just out in Vegas balling out, spending stacks. You can ask Jay.”
Peep the classic Beef DVD segment with Tru Life below.
By: Chris Gros
October 5, 2015
WAKULLA COUNTY, Fla. -- A picture is creating a stir on social media in the Wakulla County community. The photo shows a group of Muslim men praying on Mashes Sands Beach. The photo was snapped and posted to Facebook by Wakulla County Commissioner Ralph Thomas. One man running for Sheriff wants the Commission to take action over it, while others defend the men.
Will Dance, a candidate for Wakulla County Sheriff, doesn't think County officials should just ignore it.
"When a group of military aged Muslim men gather on the beach the question needs to be asked, ‘Why are they here?'" Dance said.
It appears the men are simply praying.
Dance brought the issue up to Commissioners Monday. We asked Dance if it's fair to single the group out.
"It's not about singling them out. It's not about xenophobia. This is not anti-Muslim. This is not a Muslim family having on the beach a barbecue. This wasn't a Muslim father fishing with their sons. This was a group of military-aged Muslims who are on the beach praying and the question needs to be asked, 'Do they adhere to sharia law or the constitution?'" Dance said.
The photo was snapped and posted to Facebook by County Commissioner Ralph Thomas. Thomas says they took it simply because he's never seen the prayer take place in the County.
"It was just an unusual event. I thought it was interesting photo. I put it out there. I made no negative comments. I made no insinuations, I made no attacks on their religion on their being there," said Commissioner Thomas.
The picture itself has been shared nearly 300 times on Facebook, and has received mixed comments.
Commissioner Ralph Thomas defends not deleting negative comments on the photo. They say they respect the group's right to practice their religion, but won't censor other's freedom of speech.
Abu Muhammad al Julani, the emir of Al Nusrah Front, delivered a short statement today concerning their organization's future. They read their message in a video that was rebroadcasted by television stations throughout the Middle East, publicly showing their face for first time. In previous appearances on Al Jazeera and other stations, Julani's image was obscured.
Julani's group will no longer be known as Jabhat al Nusrah (or Al Nusrah Front), but instead as Jabhat Fath Al Sham (“Conquest of the Levant Front”). The move is being spun in press reports around the globe as Al Nusrah's official “break” or “split” from al Qaeda.
But a careful examination of Julani's speech reveals that their wording was nuanced and they never explicitly renounced or truly broke from al Qaeda.
Moreover, even if Julani did say that their group had really split from al Qaeda (which they didn't), there is no good reason to believe him. Julani themselves noted that Al Nusrah's rebranding was necessary to obscure the vision of its enemies, especially the US and Russia. In addition, al Qaeda's leaders have long sought to mask the extent of their influence in order to minimize Western scrutiny.
Julani began the talk in which they supposedly broke from al Qaeda by praising al Qaeda's most senior leaders for faithfully following in the footsteps of Osama bin Laden.
“We would like to thank our brothers, the commanders of Al Qaeda in general, Dr. Sheikh Ayman al Zawahiri and their vice [deputy], Sheikh Ahmad Hasan Abu al Khayr especially, may Allah protect them,” Julani began their remarks. “We thank them for their stance, whereby they gave priority to the interests of the people of Al Sham [Syria], their Jihad, their revolution, as well as their proper assessment of the general benefits [of] the Jihad. This noble stance will be recorded in the annals of history.”
Ahmad Hasan Abu al Khayr is an Egyptian al Qaeda veteran who is also known as Abu Khayr al Masri. Earlier in the day, Al Nusrah released a message in which Al Masri granted Julani and their men the permission to take whatever steps are necessary to “preserve” the jihad in the Levant. It is the first time that Al Masri has been identified as Ayman al Zawahiri's deputy.
Al Masri was held under house arrest inside Iran for years, but was reportedly freed along with several other al Qaeda leaders last year. Jihadists on social media say they are in Syria, which may explain why their message was released directly by Al Nusrah, as opposed to As Sahab, the propaganda arm that handles messages issued by Zawahiri and other al Qaeda leaders based in South Asia. The timing of Al Masri's statement also indicates that al Qaeda's senior leadership coordinated today's messages. The organization's senior leadership clearly approved of the plan set forth by Julani.
Julani continues by praising Zawahiri's and Al Masri's “blessed leadership,” as they have been “an exemplar of putting the needs of the community and their higher interests before the interest of any individual group.” Zawahiri and Masri “have practically implemented the words of Sheikh Osama bin Laden (may Allah have mercy on him),” Julani claims.
Julani goes on to quote bin Laden: “The interests of the Ummah take precedence over the interest of any state; the interests of the state take precedence over the interest of any Jama'ah (group); the interests of the Jama'ah (group) take precedence over any individual.”
Jabhat Fath Al Sham will supposedly have “no affiliation to any external entity”
After effusively praising al Qaeda's senior leadership, Julani announces the creation of their new organization, but only after a lengthy preamble explaining the reasons why.
They mention Al Nusrah's “obligations in serving the people of Al Sham and their jihad” and Al Nusrah's desire to lighten “the weight upon the shoulders of the people,” but “without compromising or sacrificing our solid beliefs.” Julani also says they and their comrades strive “to bridge the gaps between the groups of Mujahideen and ourselves,” hoping “to form a unified body” based on Al Shura [consultation] that also unites “the masses of the people of Al Sham.”
Earlier this month, The Washington Post published a version of a proposal that would pave the way for the US and Russia to cooperate against Al Nusrah Front. This and other reports have clearly influenced Al Nusrah's thinking, as several prominent members of the organization took to Twitter to denounce the proposed initiative.
Julani argues that Al Nusrah's relaunch is “fulfilling the requests of the people of Al Sham to expose the deceptions of the international community, the leaders being the US and Russia, in their relentless bombardment and displacement of the Muslim masses of Al Sham under the pretense of targeting Jabhat al Nusrah, an al Qaeda affiliate.”
In other words, Al Nusrah's overt relationship with al Qaeda made it easy for Russia and the US to justify bombing Syria. For this reason, others in the Syrian insurgency objected to Al Nusrah's status as an al Qaeda branch. (To date, American airstrikes have mainly targeted individual al Qaeda leaders embedded in Al Nusrah's ranks, not the organization's overall paramilitary force. However, the proposal for cooperation with Russia may have led to a change in that focus.)
Julani and Al Nusrah's other leaders are sensitive to the complaint and so they wanted to eliminate this supposed pretext.
“For the asupervisorstioned reasons, we declare the complete cancellation of all operations under the name of Jabhat Al Nusrah, and the formation of a new group operating under the name ‘Jabhat Fath Al Sham,' noting that this new organization has no affiliation to any external entity,” Julani says.
Press outlets and many analysts seized on this phrasing to argue that Julani had announced Al Nusrah's “split,” or “break” from al Qaeda. Some even reported that Julani had thanked “commanders of al Qaeda for having understood the need to break ties.”
But that is not what Julani actually said. Their remarks were far more nuanced and require careful analysis.
Julani did not explicitly say that Al Nusrah had broken or split from al Qaeda, which is the language used by the press. They made no such claims.
Instead, Julani said Jabhat Fath Al Sham would have “no affiliation to any external [or foreign] entity.” If Julani wanted to argue that they and their men no longer had any ties to al Qaeda, they could have said so. They didn't. And their precise wording allows for a considerable amount of wiggle room.
Al Qaeda has a senior leadership cadre and a roster of members inside Syria, meaning al Qaeda itself is not an “external entity.” In fact, it is possible that Zawahiri's top two deputies – Abu Khayr al Masri and Saif al Adel – are currently in Syria today, or are regularly in the country. (Some senior al Qaeda leaders have been able to move back and forth between Turkey, where they are safe from American drone strikes, and Syria.)* Furthermore, many al Qaeda jihadists will serve in Jabhat Fath Al Sham's ranks, ensuring that they are not “external” to the newly-branded group either.
For instance, Ahmad Salama Mabruk, a jihadist who has served Ayman al Zawahiri since at least the 1980s, sat to Julani's right as they spoke. Mabruk's decades-long relationship with Zawahiri did not come to an end simply because Al Nusrah has now been rebranded. Mabruk, an Egyptian, is not considered part of an “external entity” because of their migration to Syria for jihad.
Mabruk can be seen to the reader's left, Julani's right, in the screen shot below:
Then there is the issue of Julani's bay'ah (oath of allegiance) to Zawahiri. Julani didn't mention it. It is well-established that Zawahiri could allow Julani to end their formal fealty. But Julani did not say that Zawahiri had nullified Julani's bay'ah, nor did Julani say that they were breaking it.
Although Zawahiri is presumably not located in Syria, one could easily envision a scenario in which this wrinkle is explained away. Julani could have easily stated that they were no longer bound to Zawahiri by a blood oath. But they didn't. This is curious for many reasons, especially because al Qaeda and the Islamic State have argued about oaths of allegiance for the past three years.
Julani's wording on this point — “no affiliation to any external entity” — is similar to the phrasing they reportedly used in a proposal for rebel unity in January. As The Long War Journal reported at the time, Julani said a new group could issue a blanket statement denying any links with parties outside of Syria. But, Julani allegedly said, the statement would not specifically refer to Al Nusrah's al Qaeda ties. This offer apparently didn't go far enough for some in Ahrar in Sham, as some leaders rejected it. Yet, this same formulation is now being trumpeted as an end to al Qaeda's relationship with Julani and their men.
Al Nusrah's leadership has long sought to unite various rebel factions under a single chain of command. This is why Al Nusrah formed various coalitions throughout Syria, including Jaysh al Fath, which swept through the province of Idlib last year. It is no secret that Al Nusrah and some of its closest battlefield allies in Jaysh al Fath, such as Ahrar al Sham, have received assistance from various actors interested in toppling Bashar al Assad's regime. Nations such as Turkey, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia have bolstered the prospects of Jaysh al Fath and its constituents.
Julani now seeks to formally unite some of these same organizations under Jabhat Fath Al Sham's banner, but this raises an additional point of tension. Will the new organization eschew the support regional actors — “external” or foreign entities, if you will — are willing to offer in the war against Assad? That is highly doubtful, adding yet another reason to doubt that Julani has drawn a firm line.
It is worth noting that while many have read “external entity” as a reference to al Qaeda, it is actually a blanket term that could be interpreted any number of ways.
No change in ideology
On multiple occasions in the past, Julani has been asked if they were going to break with al Qaeda. They know this is what many are waiting to hear and yet their wording was still, at the very least, ambiguous.
During an interview in Dec. 2015, Julani steadfastly refused to dissociate with al Qaeda. But they added a noteworthy observation. If “we remain with al Qaeda or not, we will never give up our principles,” Julani said. “We will continue to say that we want to empower sharia and will strive to do so. We will [continue with] our jihad and will not make truces or stop a battle with [our] aggressor” enemies. In other words, Al Nusrah's ideology would remain unchanged no matter what.
Jabhat Fath Al Sham's principles are the same as Al Nusrah's. The first goal for the renamed organization is to “work toward establishing the religion of Allah, having Their sharia (law) as legislation” and to “establish justice amongst all people,” Julani says. It will “strive toward unity with all groups” and “to unify the ranks of the Mujahideen and liberate the land of Al Sham from the rule of the tyrant [Bashar al Assad] and their allies.”
These have been al Qaeda's goals since the war in Syria began.
*Note: This sentence explaining that senior al Qaeda leaders have been able to move back and forth between Turkey and Syria was added on July 29.
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
19 May 2010 Wikileaks website reopens: http://www.wikileaks.org/wiki/Wikileaks 19 April 2010 Wikileaks Insider Messages: http://cryptome.org/0001/wikileaks-mess.htm FORWARDED BY pgpboard[at]yahoogroups.com MSG 034 18.14GMT WIKILEAKS..SNAKE OIL or JUST A HACKERS WET DREAM?? ------------------------------------------------ It's interesting to note that WIKILEAKS is floundering somewhat from a lack of funds.. The Daily Telegraph reports that the majority of the funds raised will go towards paying the website's hosting costs, which are widely distributed across several countries and are heavily secured against attack. In an interview joint founder Assange brags that WikiLeaks has no headquarters, no office, no formal structure other than the name and the truth-seeking ideology attached to it. Co-founder or not, Assange is clear about who holds power at Wikileaks. Who gets the final call in a dispute? "Me, actually," Assange (former hacker) says. "I'm the final decision if the document is legit." (This is not reassuring).. Assange brags about how lean the organisation is with no premises etc... Then one assumes they would fully disclose their operating costs. Detailing just why they are looking for a cool $600K for such a low overhead operation. ($600K overall budget and just $200K to keep the lights on.) Existing donors are somewhat concerned, and have refused to bankroll Assange without acceptable accounting and audit procedures, including past expenditures. This is the reason why WIKILEAKS is spinning its wheels. Its an issue of Assanges credibility, and NOT the philosophy behind WIKILEAKS. No transparency or audit trails concerning operating procedures, or a technical review of security and technology issues which are supposed to protect whistleblowers; Very lax procedures concerning the use encryption technology and document verification using digital signatures. WIKILEAKS is a very serious accident just waiting to happen, they convince the whistle blower that their anonimity is protected, and their data is secured. NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH. Unfortunately someone in an oppressive third world environment is going to suffer the consequences of Julian Assange's security assurance snake oil pitch. What we have here is a high profile ex-hacker trawling for $600K operating expenses. Anyone with a few bucks can buy into Assange's snake oil, including fronts for any government agency anywhere. From that moment on audited accounts don't seem to be available. A WIKILEAKS Insider.... eof.. return path pgpboard@gmail.com PGPBOARD PUBLIC KEY ------------------- mQGQBEuOo5UBDBi7WvcyDSMmhxHddabFzwzD8ugyFCFjm20imrLZ7m3W8uxQX9KP FVgXQ1olqwiZplLBVFuXaSnBpHmBO+UHnRewRY87fe3wDT0kIS7aya5p37ogMNzo iFzkK2Cl9rXmCCb/v/37QlIpNuPUF6BOpTY7YyRXwvAsaOTTp5AW9HYWxh3gQsAt KrHD2jHXQ5m60/1BGzLRHSaMkthpiiaznbH4d8bp2dQet4u7EzU9aBoMJthfjd1d LkTkchsBC8f3PXbLvbawRclNvXPiihto/VzN402Q8Mt0SSBMpn70EGwa6Z8/hxsV 6EGvS8ntzj4zYxyZmvO4LFwQF28deSOa/m2YJ93L7BdXQDgvo/NESZbsuGfjylf8 hOK26nC3BBUHzEO9raXvm+qsYi90w2y0fM48mym9B+flvyJ8sPauiHXBEXLIZU9D f05ndOw0/DZbxziqz7+eP3aGcZGWOTpcDrsIKAkCvTXaXKXvbovgad+IAj8bvMLg awpqTyyvQ8bD642l4oUAEQEAAbQrV2Fsc2hpbmdoYW0yMDAwIDx3YWxzaGluZ2hh bTIwMDBAeWFob28uY29tPokCDwQQAQIAdgUCS4+FPTAUgAAAAAAgAAdwcmVmZXJy ZWQtZW1haWwtZW5jb2RpbmdAcGdwLmNvbXBncG1pbWUICwIJCAcDAQoCGQEZGGxk YXA6Ly9rZXlzZXJ2ZXIucGdwLmNvbQUbAwAAAAUWAgADAQUeAQAAAAYVCggJAwIA CgkQGGKZqTdU70jHRAwVGQxdEaq1Ama2g0NviLjGMBVXl2SRuhiztyMR0t6A/cUd CCAZHp1iknDzNxrMsPz6FhQMsVVPwPdASuFPII17p3CanhV1x+DSjVKWL9JTMfg8 ozzq4OkjsCEA7G2Lg4F8Us8hwxPBCXiDqeFZtRFhjh8MX/vuhklsdiTpOAMRf1BK +mFdWhntGatfQqHZNyrkjV1O+0t2am44eXVrFGb5/cgkeKq763NNrC9rpxkrWaS2 kfOkdl5lTZ5kJI2IGbOFdLoa+Flm9/+cUuDhl35h5ruxIY/FbU6B+tWih/KZ+uG9 e0wNRF4+v772sb7UwVWRkbHIzmXd9FWnJIdS0QUxmc9rUdnRr5b7USqEXjcPAcUL FayZSCcwz6wydZ6MM2h1NJ7ilFulv2D/PQvkhsEUx5+7Rh276+iCVMS0c/xsO6Ya gIeAo8jCjqXIuPkFTi/D7knI2GnQ3kzB4fL8zV2bWO7vxQs37LPA0TZZrtJinqVt GLR9foouab6QIiNdhyAosaduiQEVAwUQS53ottRxwDYVZv9RAQL3Mwf/URSvXI0d APBZXaFC4U5YLQINtj+sIKZOurouNoIyb2YctcoW/q2/Egyguq1FIhDkaN03s2XX u1fn9braRRAkJAqQnFUhuvpNTujOYx7O6YiCLh8A43Z1Ndg3HLhwj0kxo5Iu98ZX zf8nkPzoUXn+GR4Qr6yTWA8zM/btJU+P/QwCeUEmP6yLGmFgX80xtuqczJEo3RO9 Ur9f5cCxdrD+/eKkWcDsUV/OPujtgLzIGolsDsniNyk42qnrklPWpaWnMrOoLNtu xfUXLlN2uCDzb5WgzglBDSTXOdVifrdPHHPKAMk9cvPaoEcfW9cpoVeIWXDIrTTI 7WUWcZONL2t1arkBDQRLjqOWAQgAo7cgfAcLBMBgrclXYOj64vMuOwy42plXiij9 jmIREF6zLIBMQoTSztkz3zq7cNAkL5ut+2zfti+pr2ejldmStlpzIcTFVL1thq5l EVLOFx2WlwPnVEHZy+Xretqz8aGVIJTV9j0yUePbm4kF4oHu50QoPWVcjL/FOPzV GqC2Qho8h58uGzMZGetgbffBS82lxIQyPsA23iN7IgHWUlh1BElRr7cB/Th/LJqW xgTRMDGbYdQXr+51P/leBkLydsc//z2h2UxofJrgogUzM6RSDr6CVx1rfzSdk0CM ueZi6VyJ/89uw7+zKXJsD6XKGwBBRLGVPoY4Vl8sY6gI1qUmswARAQABiQLEBBgB AgErBQJLjqOXBRsMAAAAwF0gBBkBCAAGBQJLjqOWAAoJEIN3+WUxOZ0DABcH/3DD mRu9mLtlnfJSMaloZEEtoLCYUKelIj5YceDt8Z+kkT1X89jqsYIXe+lgmxo89Kxi tu+FMYyIfATJKuV0on4FQv6t0759WNA1r4Rb+UsviaNXC6IYS1hK8Xzou6XWjKJr szVjftfbH6bsV0EBsuZoqwXD4mehsotkazL58/mMBpsNclZ+hENMISrGO85lizob 61Do5Lqp4fL+3nJClzI+3OVMcryWObKq9DG3zrjT6F1T5FU7uD/73uR6OWNDHdsf y7hBQmtFVaxzOg10kiBmwTft5jKh4dULXJJwBeR+faU4BOGkKH6XW6GrsjkX39B8 9/TMv+KXOF37WzVQhTUACgkQGGKZqTdU70hXTwwXWw4tCwEZwtbyR0IkNn2rXFUW mq7/QwxQtAsFRpGn2USSJWOXb9PSfpAJ4ZryaD1aildSNfMh6gbymi4XXbp3Q5z9 atBWy9KK5kvmFY48Gd33oJiRdQ4A0p7dlOVpQxaE+y93ZbGGd55K7ingGkncDxJW gxaLJKroi4k2uDv5jiiJgXkD9ocAAPNIz7cEtuQ3jXfu7pYfzRSobwC9/1GGjwIg mtxMG4115OtCdXjLUdREYHO/yWcQwPk9BzMwfqCl7ZU7apma8J1iEMnSyaZiEgMt 1kc+oCxagrYB1YIMlfCixXinl+okUGRzVTE/cAxOYCQiFkbaBu3lgiWJCsbD3oCx ExNGPSuYsE7cFPnkqjqmNFEQwe9WhrTECfesVSZm2zy8oxQArSwvzLPM945EjAi6 aEeK7G3/lIfqtHlrDyhT0GkmtLnaWhPxWBzWMncXPvxJS66jWkUE0M6fp5pSAMoM BOkrIvxEoR/DxrlZfkeQ3tUTHVabZ3SMKfiQ1J9yn6GJuQGQBEuOo5cBDBjCUIi5 xnn0yM+6eNixud69TDx1uK2m4/xv8yAUNG3B1WgquDCDIeK9KtjjpuJRBy4G7l/T Oxl30F1YiqCbHAmEeDFVAEqw63E9dsF7GEpL7crJhiqeRSkGQcOz7+wgsHtYkjyi u1Ca/ZBKw1h4lXWtnbaiFrIXU9UAppK3Wzt5EMkWgXJ2+zPKWfa84n7XvvH/dTrz 6KhrwZ49Ma0qxJ2V6U4GU+tRbY9JZh01TuE+yObs3Ea80da/JDn5AWkgaS95gMXw UwSdrIoCj7dsJsjShxIyTnrshDyWykpVvSnGCBnVuH/5HB7mCvS+2RYOHpqjHbL0 iyfszbl5WRs3CzeFUBP1RXSfzcRkb2gq14M4RLjqWqC8m5MRa6Z/E75Vdqwtd3Qa 2yEPNpSZVHa9JVANkVvbufHlHXMiu5tO1MChVev49d/Wu0uRaz9/vdD6SeYu8yIv qdXoDquYsuuG/Iu/sZFZqFbhK30dkLov3uw8oD4ISJjdJ+O03BwneXl9a9LXrKMA EQEAAYkDRwQYAQIBrgUCS46jmQUbAgAAAMDgIAQZAQgABgUCS46jmAAKCRCNBdtD TZvjevunDBdJnxdGyYPP0KtXgkpvMDAG+3YJjIvpi0wl/SrMPH4P0pBnTGpOTQM+ TP1wcrkSNYpotY5qmDtXK2pCOkB2NtXVMouwayjVUMg7Nt/3j5hQy7mHiw+JgH2y PjQeBUaxFwWnD1CDWsjkUQonrx6NV0Dhp7TkbGfqang2VUfy0OSUZ3ZhjzLSzIAK Psb4L9AoFfg0BYUKFgoN3mtA3y7iwN0/582JP0AGRlGPgLEalKRs+aZxm2fa816m /b3/gbRoXTJfpH8tUi4bd0rOdSbJQOqFtByq8v+0aZVgImMF0if6ciiIuRwCFe/E rQC7gIQB/Hdpd6/2WvnDQkdacrAo2G8YcjrTxLnwKb5ExhINizdYTvy1knBkSe4e kDufmi20VSt2A2yCShoPOiYhXAZ2XWi2J75K569bZ4P/jD05/1WY0Qm26RE7o/LJ oG2DQZmxOUgx80shxmTmuQxISOfMbJVE2/5p4CQfa2iAokD6hCfv8swpqjiTdWEH Wpu13kJ8XUtJB1gACgkQGGKZqTdU70joKQwYgC4gzgZG/4YMWIACQO9k33KiSqTW BcsNwGD/IoH1VWKCkpiFT7l+0gZkLy9hG6OvPBsoE9QdAnKbuV9O1mWEZd1IL6bW pqrkAEFvPweXGwHC3huFkmE+G7CNN0F+ZCIBdBoeAwgV1tFdAbsPcNkUw7IQUJFc +2oiqH6eDs93joIV6cKwN98IjwhHBuWEoXjpS56ujbsTClshnuv9NsTNZJUV6FKS uq3A0eTvMEs9FD+tTESV5H6tdsXnkRiliOSiuKcT8xcXBtccLjqi7O+fhq3lsqkn zx7mAay3Y8abarUoictnKB3gT5Tgb/1u5MM+x33HpA67EWqPmEEyMt4u+bW48Qyf 9ALM+vWVTayOKdmiCtqNoBTS+mFsYrZhASjgXXdSjBY98HR5jpXtGJM1f7hfof3F ze8+zMNGLDOJsy9UYiobp6TnblJJb2G75PC1h9YFd2BEXJwh2vpas0DIdT+Ww08R 9LMXpjPI3axmeJpXutOZgzi1ZMV3cq1TsOvqsL1Y =FjVu -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
An enhanced image of the Moon taken with the NOAO Mosaic CCD camera using two NSF telescopes at Kitt Peak National Observatory. The Moon is superimposed on a separate image of the sky.
Tonight's full moon will be the biggest and brightest full moon of the year. It offers anyone with clear skies an opportunity to identify easy-to-see features on the moon.
This being the first full moon of 2010, it is also known as the wolf moon, a moniker dating back to Native American culture and the notion that hungry wolves howled at the full moon on cold winter nights. Each month brings another full moon name.
But why will this moon be bigger than others? Here's how the moon works:
The moon is, on average, 238,855 miles (384,400 km) from Earth. The moon's orbit around Earth – which causes it to go through all its phases once every 29.5 days – is not a perfect circle, but rather an ellipse. One side of the orbit is 31,070 miles (50,000 km) closer than the other.
So in each orbit, the moon reaches this closest point to us, called perigee. Once or twice a year, perigee coincides with a full moon, as it will tonight, making the moon bigger and brighter than any other full moons during the year.
Tonight it will be about 14 percent wider and 30 percent brighter than lesser full Moons of the year, according to Spaceweather.com.
As a bonus, Mars will be just to the left of the moon tonight. Look for the reddish, star-like object.
Full moon craziness
Many people think full moons cause strange behavior among animals and even humans. In fact several studies over the years have tried to tie lunar phases to births, heart attacks, deaths, suicides, violence, psychiatric hospital admissions and epileptic seizures, and more. Connections have been inclusive or nonexistent.
The moon does have some odd effects on our planet, and there are oodles of other amazing moon facts and misconceptions:
The moon illusion
Finally, be sure to get out and see the full moon as it rises, right around sunset. Along the horizon, the moon tends to seem even bigger. This is just an illusion.
You can prove to yourself that this is an illusion. Taking a small object such as a pencil eraser, hold it at arm's length, and compare its size to that of the moon just as it rises. Then repeat the experiment later in the night and you'll see that the moon compares the same in both cases. Alternately, snap two photos of the moon, with a digital camera or your cell phone, when the moon is near the horizon and later when it's higher in the sky. Pull both photos up on your computer screen and make a side-by-side comparison.
Astronomers and psychologists agree the moon illusion is just that, but they don't agree on how to explain it.
Knowing we are almost in 2017, it means the nicest and most relaxed part of the year for professional cyclists and teams is coming to an end. Related Articles Oleg Tinkov blog: Cycling existed before me and will exist after me
Oleg Tinkov: The final interview
Jonathan Vaughters: The WorldTour race to the bottom
Cookson: Cycling is on the right track but we must remain vigilant
SEG Racing Academy plan further development
November and December are traditionally the months where (almost) everyone is feeling happy in cycling. The previous season seems far behind us, contracts are signed, vacations booked, training camps still feel nice and the new season is almost lighting up. It means a new and fresh start, with new goals, and the struggles and disappointments from months ago are forgotten.
I like this period, but it also makes me realise how fleeting this whole emotion business is. Because I already know that after the Tour Down Under the first stress situations will start again. Fresh motivation will make way for pressure and high expectations (in the short term). However, I really look forward to helping our clients fulfill their own expectations and goals for 2017.
But there is more than that in this period. At the end of every season you can find interesting discussions, podcasts and articles about this sport moving forward in the right way – yes or no. It seems the discussion always comes up during the 'heat of the moment'.
Normally it goes like this: at the beginning of the season there are rumors of teams maybe stopping (or being forced to stop), then it actually happens to some and suddenly everyone is really worried. But while teams are still stressing about their roster for the coming year, it's not the time to make any strategic changes and the stress fades away. But at the end of the season, when budgets are finished, things look less positive than before on everyone's calculator – that's normally the time the issue becomes urgent again.
This year has been the same. Full pages have been written about possible new set-ups for professional cycling but, as is often the case, it goes no further then analysing issues between the UCI and ASO.
So what's the follow up? That's what interests me.
We've read Oleg Tinkov's statements on this site. At least they said something. Jonathan Vaughters tried to start a public discussion at the end of the season by writing an interesting blog on Cyclingnews on changes in professional cycling, but that's where it stopped. They got no responses in public – not from their partners at Velon, not from the UCI, not from the ASO.
Maybe it all happened behind close doors but I'm pretty sure that's not the case. It went no further than JV discussing their opinion on Twitter. But this discussion should take place in public, with people who are involved taking a stance. That's the way to attract people from outside of cycling – people with good ideas and different networks. Make them part of the debate.
In my opinion, professional cycling, instead of moving forward, moved backwards this year. And I'm not just talking about the loss of Tinkoff and IAM Cycling.
The Chinese/Italian project TJ Sport was presented as the new big project but we know how that ended. It sounded promising – a big Chinese investment group buying a WorldTour cycling team.
Grande presentation, it all seemed ok. But I was already worried about the outcome from the first time TJ Sport was mentioned. Knowing the situation, for example, with football club AC Milan (a possible take over by a Chinese investment company didn't work out), but even more because of a situation in the Netherlands with football club ADO Den Haag. I was able to follow that closely. Chinese investment group United Vansen International bought ADO Den Haag, a mid-table club, as a first step for a possible expansion in European football. But from day one it didn't work, with cultural difference the main issue.
A contract in China does not have the same importance as one in Europe. A business trip SEG Cycling made to China earlier this year made me understand there are fantastic opportunities for cycling and especially professional cycling within China. Let's not focus on bringing Chinese money into professional cycling; let's bring professional cycling and all the knowledge within it, to China.
Cycling can profit from all the investments which are currently being made in China to become a football giant. Football is the main focus but they are ready to invest in other sports as well. That's why, from a business perspective, it's great news that there is once again a Chinese WorldTour race on the calendar next year. As a rider agent, I experienced how they desperately search for ambassadors in China to spread the word of professional cycling. Daniel Martin was one of the most successful riders during all of the editions of the Tour of Beijing. In the end that resulted in a live performance on National TV in China (which is huge), a column in the most important cycling magazine of the country, and interest from corporate Chinese companies.
With the partnership between Saronni and TJ Sports falling apart, we can be happy the Middle East is investing in cycling, but for how long? With the cancellation of the Tour of Qatar, it seems Qatar is loosing interest. Hopefully that's not the case for Bahrain or Abu Dhabi.
The difference with partnering up with the Far East instead of the Middle East is the background of interest. What is their intention for the long term? We are talking about 'classic' cycling projects, with sponsors linking up to riders or a manager with a big CV. If cycling wants to attract new money we need to make sure possible sponsors and investors see direct return on their investment. That can never depend on one or two riders. That model of sponsoring will not last.
But it's also about the way we present professional cycling as product.
This sport is famous for the continuous search for marginal gains, endless training camps and data analysis. Performance-wise there is still a lot to gain but compared to other sports cycling is in a good position.
But how can you explain to fans, outsiders, investors, media and other communities that you can't ride your new team bike during the training camp of your new team because you are still under contract with your current team?
Peter Sagan is lucky Specialized changed with them from Tinkoff to Bora-Hansgrohe, but one of their rivals, Sep Vanmarcke, can ride their Cannondale only from the January 1. And in cycling a bike is essential, right? Let's not even start about the rest of the equipment and, specifically, the clothing.
I know that even in football they struggle with this kind of contractual issues but at least they don't have a training pitch with mixed jerseys. Imagine Zinedine Zidane leading a Real Madrid training session with three or four new players still wearing Chelsea, PSG or Juventus kits. Or Max Verstappen signing for Mercedes but having to train in their Red Bull car during a Mercedes testing day. It sounds crazy, but that's cycling right now.
And the fun part is, there are no regulations on this. It's all emotion-based. If a rider needs to leave a team, 99 per cent of the time they get permission from their current team to ride with their new gear on training camp. But if a rider chooses to leave a team, their current team obliges them to use the team gear until December 31. Most of the time they even threaten riders with fines or not paying out December wages if they are seen riding another bike.
I've seen this so many times and every time it surprises me. It doesn't help the team or the rider – not even the cycling industry. And that's the main stakeholder in professional cycling. November and December are months in professional cycling where the cycling industry can't move, while they have a 12-month-a-year business to run. They have to wait for new jerseys, for new riders and for new photos. And, as we know, time is money.
What do I want to say with this? Let's have a critical look at the start and end dates of rider contracts. The cycling season has changed, the interests are different nowadays. The product of professional cycling needs to be clear.
We can easily solve the problem to let the contracts run from the November 1 until October 31 the following year. That would solve a lot of problems. Suddenly the end of the year becomes interesting again for sponsors. Teams can start a new season directly at the start of November, plus a team which decides – or needs – to stop will not have to sit out until Christmas and see money thrown away. It means 100 per cent sponsorship instead of 80 per cent. Even for organizers it can create new opportunities on the calendar. To talk cyclists' language, it's like with oval-rings; you take out the dead spot of the movement and make the entire movement more efficient.
Of course, there are much more important issues to solve for professional cycling and its future. But this, in my opinion, is an essential step in the business model which is not too difficult to take. Therefore, I'd like to call on the UCI, the AIGCP and the CPA to discuss this openly. Make it a public discussion – then we can all take part.
For now, all the best for 2017.
Together with their brother Martijn Berkhout is owner of the management company SEG Cycling, which also owns and runs the SEG Racing Academy and is co-founder of the new cycling community JOIN.
The charges against Bermeo were released Monday afternoon.
Stabbing suspect Christopher Bermeo, 16 (Photo: Submitted)
A Rockland grand jury has indicted Christopher Bermeo on multiple charges for allegedly stabbing and attempting to kill a fellow Spring Valley High School student during a confrontation inside the school.
The indictment charges Bermeo with felony counts of second-degree attempted murder, first-degree attempted assault and second-degree assault. The top count of attempted murder carries a maximum of 25 years in prison for the 16-year-old Spring Valley resident.
The charges against Bermeo were released Monday afternoon after the indictment was submitted to a judge.
Bermeo is accused of stabbing a 17-year-old boy four times in the language wing of the high school on Tuesday.
Bermeo has claimed through their lawyers that they acted in self-defense after the other teenager persistently bullied him. Bermeo also faces a robbery charge in a separate incident, but Spring Valley police and prosecutors have not released details of that case.
Police and school officials have said Bermeo and their family never reported any bullying incidents to them.
Bermeo allegedly used a penknife to stab their schoolmate around 8:40 a.m. Tuesday. The 17-year-old, whose most serious wound was to their abdomen, was discharged from the hospital Thursday but hospitalized again early Friday due to complications, police said.
Neither Bermeo nor the injured student had a record of serious disciplinary issues at the high school, said Tom Carton, the East Ramapo security director.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Bermeo remains in the county jail on $500,000 bail. A Spring Valley judge on Friday refused to lower their bail, which had been set by another judge at their initial court appearance.
Bermeo's attorney, Benjamin Greenwald, has argued the bail amount is unreasonably high. They said Bermeom who lives with their father, is not a threat to flee, saying the teenager has no passport, no money and no ability to leave town.
"If they were some rich kid, they wouldn't be sitting in jail," Greenwald said.
Executive Assistant District Attorney Dominic Crispino has contended the high bail is warranted given the violent nature of the attack and Bermeo's history..
Rockland County District Attorney Thomas Zugibe said Bermeo must be tried as an adult. Family Court proceedings are for people 15 years old or younger.
Twitter:@lohudlegal
Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1bbR6ti
0 Shares
I want to say that I am shocked, but sadly I am not. Especially since we are one of just a few country's that allow medication ads on television
youtu.be/gsRpp-rLe0s
With the exception of CBS, every major media outlet in the United States shares at least one board member with at least one pharmaceutical company. To put that into perspective: These board members wake up, go to a meeting at Merck or Pfizer, then they have their driver take them over to a meeting with NBC to decide what kind of programming that network is going to air. America's Lawyer Mike Papantonio discusses the connection between Big Pharma and Mainstream Media outlets.
Related Posts: We truly are under attack. We need user support now more than ever! For as little as $10, you can support the IWB directly – and it only takes a minute. Thank you. 3,033 views 3,033 views
Related Posts:
Hundreds of refugees started returning to Idomeni on foot after a rumor that the Greece-FYROM border would reopen on Sunday.
There was unrest yesterday at the refuge tent city on the Greece-Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia crossing point when a rumor circulated that the border would open at noon on Sunday.
More police forces arrived on Saturday evening at Idomeni as caravans of refugees on foot were seen moving towards the makeshift migrant camp. The refugees returned to the area in the hope that the rumor would be true.
Police suspect certain non-government organizations that two weeks ago had distributed leaflets urging refugees to enter FYROM through unguarded points across the border. Authorities believe that the same people are the ones who started the rumor about the opening of the border.
This comes at a time when the Greek government is making the effort to remove refugees from Idomeni and distribute them to migrant hospitality centers across the country.
The refugee crisis coordinating committee spokesperson Giorgos Kyritsis said that the government is putting a major effort in convincing refugees that Greece's northern border will remain shut permanently. At the same time they denounced organizations that create false hopes for the refugees.
Speaking on Mega television, Kyritsis speculated that by Sunday afternoon refugees would be convinced that the rumor was not true and they would leave Idomeni. They admitted though that Greek authorities cannot control or monitor the activities of NGOs operating at the Idomeni – FYROM border because the camp is not an official refugee accommodation structure.
However, early Sunday morning hundreds of refugees had gathered at the Idomeni railways and were determined to cross the border.
“We heard that today they will open the border and we came here to cross them. We were told that the Red Cross and 500 journalists from around the world will be with us,” a Syrian man told the Athens Macedonia News Agency.
Greek authorities made announcements through loudspeakers in Arabic and Farsi warning that the border will not open and that their lives are at risk if they attempt to cross illegally.
According to the latest figures, as of Saturday, there are a total of 50,236 migrants and refugees accommodated in Greece.
In greater detail 28,507 migrants and refugees are currently in Northern Greece, where there has been resistance from residents in certain areas. In Attica there are 13,981, with 5,100 having set up camp in Piraeus.
The latest figures also show that there are 2,602 refugees on the island of Lesvos, while in Central Greece there are 2,941, with Larissa holding 1,396.
Syrian woman gives birth at Idomeni refugee camp
A 24-year-old Syrian woman has given birth to a girl at the sprawling Greek migrant encampment in Idomeni, near the border with the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
The birth, in a tent lying on the railway tracks, was assisted by volunteers from the aid group Doctors of the World. The woman has two other children.
Greek authorities arrest six people counterfeiting passports
Greek police arrested six people on Saturday in an operation to break up a gang of forgers who were counterfeiting identification documents and passports. According to the Hellenic Coast Guard, the gang was operating on the island of Kos, one of the islands where refugees land from nearby Turkey.
The authorities seized computers, cameras and a large number of fake documents and mobile phones from several houses on the island.
Repeal and Replace the Republican Party
In an American Thinker article on October 19 of last year, I argued that conservatives ought to consider strongly creating a National Conservative Party. In that article, I asked the question: "Does anyone seriously doubt that the Republican Party, which unlike the Democrat Party is supposed to actually stand for certain principles and values, is grievously and probably terminally broken?" What are the possible solutions? We could recruit and run conservatives as Democrat candidates for elective offices right up to the presidential candidate. Few conservatives seem interested in this approach, and because it would take a major effort, it would be doomed to fail.
Conservatives could try, as we have been doing since Reagan, to vote out in primaries those Republicans who do not really want to fix the problems in Washington and to put into leadership positions principled conservatives who will do what they promise. This has not worked – and that is stating it mildly. Conservatives could boycott elections or run independent candidates who have no realistic chance of winning an election. While this might cost Republicans elections, the winner would be not conservatives, but Democrats, who are at least as bad as Republicans. The idea would be to punish Republicans into being better, but there is no reason at all to believe that it would work. Why not, instead, do what I suggested last October and create a new National Conservative Party? Conservatives remain the largest ideological group in America, with the most recent Battleground Poll, taken after the 2016 election, showing that 52% of those who picked any ideological choice – conservative, moderate, or liberal – chose conservative. Virtually all other polls show conservatives significantly outnumbering liberals nationally. The CNN exit poll revealed some shocking consequences of Trump not being perceived by conservative voters as a conservative. Hillary won 48.3% of the popular vote, and 5.6% of that represented conservatives who voted for them over Trump. If Trump had won every conservative vote, then they would have gotten 51.5% of the popular vote, and Hillary would have gotten 42.7%. Trump did get some liberal votes, but if Hillary had gotten all the liberal votes and Trump none, Trump would have gotten 48.9% of the popular vote to Hillary's 45.3%. Nationally, the failure of Republican candidates to garner all conservative votes costs much more than Democrats' failure to garner all liberal votes. State by state the situation looks worse. Gallup reported this year that in 44 states, conservatives outnumber liberals; in two states, the two groups are tied; and in only four states, liberals outnumber conservatives. Moreover, in 33 states, the conservative advantage is at least ten percentage points, and these states have 325 electoral votes, 66 Senate seats, and 275 House seats – far more than Republicans have won in modern times. It sure looks as though a National Conservative Party could do much better in winning elections than the Republican Party. How should the campaign for such a party be organized? Why not have a national convention this summer in which a very specific, brief, and clear platform is adopted that included exactly what this party would do if in power and directly blaming both major political parties for creating the mess we are in today? Communicate this platform directly to voters by as many media outlets as possible, giving voters during this season of great discontent, in which no one trusts Washington and no one trusts Congress, a genuine alternative in the 2018 midterm elections. Begin to build a grassroots network and a national database. The next step would be to push states to adopt the Louisiana System, in which anyone can run in the first election for political office, but the top two vote-getters face each other if no candidate wins a majority. Republican Party candidates would soon be pushed into extinction in most states. Electoral votes, of course, would need to be chosen this way, too. If this party won substantial numbers of seats in the next Congress, its members should reject compromise and move to change the structure of Congress so that all the wicked little machinations used to hide what is really happening are purged and so that the people can actually see what is going on without the mystical musings of Capitol punditry. Would this work? It is hard to see how it could not be better than having the two Siamese twins – Washington Party A and Washington Party B – has been for America.
The flight instructor who was the inspiration for the female love interest in the film Top Gun has become acting deputy head of the Pentagon.
Christine Fox, who was played by Kelly McGillis in the blockbuster 1986 movie, is now the highest ranked woman ever at the US Department of Defense.
 They are "a brilliant defence thinker and proven manager", said Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel.
Ms Fox will act as their number two until a permanent replacement can be found.
A senior defence official told the BBC that Ms Fox, who began their new role on Thursday, was "the perfect person to stand beside the secretary" during the next few months, as the Pentagon deals with budget cuts.
Until this summer, they had been in charge of cost assessments for the Department of Defense. They worked for a military think tank before that.
In 1985, they were a civilian flight school instructor at a naval air station in San Diego, California, when Top Gun producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer visited the facility while researching the movie.
They were in need of inspiration for an empowered female character who could play Tom Cruise's love interest.
The admiral commanding the air station introduced them to Ms Fox, according to a People magazine profile.
In the movie, they became astrophysicist Charlie, who lectures Top Gun pilots on enemy fighter capabilities.
Left Arrow
Right Arrow
Despite all the madness in the Bigg Boss 11 house, Puneesh Sharma and Bandagi Kalra have managed to find company in each other. In the episode that aired last night (November 4), the two got intimate and shared a long, passionate kiss. In tonight's episode, it is shown that they plan to make out in the restroom of the house. However, the movement of the cameras towards them makes them stop from going ahead. They also get a warning from Salman that they are being watched on National Television.
<p>While they were not a couple on the show, they did not hesitate to get close during one of the tasks that required them to get into a bathtub. </p>
<p>The couple has been together for the longest time and participated on the reality show together. From a romantic dance in the swimming pool to passionately kissing each other, the two left no chance to show their affection for each other.</p>
<p>Gautam Gulati and Diandra surprised everyone with their chemistry on Bigg Boss 8. After Diandra grabbed eyeballs for taking Gautam to the bathroom, they also placed a peck on their cheek in one of the episodes of 'Weekend Ka Vaar'. </p>
<p> During their stay in the Bigg Boss house, Upen and Karishma did something that raised many eyebrows. The former couple were seen locking lips when the rest of the housemates were asleep. </p>
<p>Both the actors were seen spending some cosy moments on the show and their love was quite evident. Tanishaa and Armaan never admitted to their relationship despite canoodling with each other throughout the show. </p>
During their stay in the house, Gauahar and Kushal had a lot of private moments and were often seen hugging and kissing each other. They participated in Season 7 of the show, which Gauahar won eventually.
<p><em></em>They too shared intimate moments on the show. Their love story is known to everyone who followed the show. The two were often seen getting cozy with each other and were quite inseparable. </p>
<p>They maintained that they were only good friends throughout the show but Rahul Mahajan and Payal Rohatgi shared many intimate moments inside the Bigg Boss house. The two bathed together in the pool which became the talk-of-the-town. </p>
It wasn't long ago that Porsche claimed all-electric powertrains didn't offer enough performance to reach the level that their customers expect from the premium German brand.
As their work on their first all-electric vehicle progresses, they are now changing their view on the technology and CEO Oliver Blume now says that they expect half of Porsche's production to be electric by 2023.
The Mission E will be Porsche's first all-electric vehicle and it is planned to enter production in 2019.
Last year, Blume said that they were planning for an annual production of 20,000 units for the new vehicle. It's a significant volume for the German automaker considering they delivered just over 230,000 vehicles worldwide last year across its entire lineup.
But now they are ready to crank it up with a second all-electric vehicle based on the Macan.
In a surprising move, The CEO now says that between the two vehicles, Porsche is preparing for a capacity of 60,000 cars per year at its Zuffenhausen plant. Blume made the comment to Germany's business magazine Manager Magazin last week.
The capacity would quickly make electric vehicles an important part of its overall production and it explains why the CEO now sees them reaching 50% of its total production as soon as 2023, which is much sooner than any established automaker.
It wouldn't be too surprising for the company to achieve its goal if it can truly deliver on the expectations for the Mission E.
First of all, the design of the concept is simply stunning:
And the specs that Porsche has released are somewhat arguably competitive with the performance version of the Tesla Model S, which would likely be its main competitor.
The Mission E is to have “over 310 miles of range” (500 km) on a single charge, but being based in Germany, Porsche is likely talking about the New European Driving Cycle (NEDC), which is much more forgiving than the EPA rating and doesn't really reflect real-world range. It should still have a more than decent range around 250 miles.
Porsche is also aiming for a 0 to 60 mph acceleration in 3.5 seconds. The automaker also claims that the Mission E will be equipped with a 800-volt charging system able to charge up to 80% in about 15 minutes.
We still don't have a good idea of the pricing, which will, of course, be an important factor. But if Porsche can deliver on the specs, it could be sitting on a great performance electric car.
A super-master of miniatures Nikolay Aldunin is going to have a museum of their works in Moscow. They were born in Tula, but after becoming popular all over the country and abroad for their fabulous works, they moved to the capital and continued creating their tiny things there. They managed to shoe a flea, carved portraits of Russian authors on rice grains and constructed a microscopic miniature of the Eiffel Tower, and lots of other awesome things, which seem to be just impossible to make without special hi-tech equipment. But they can do that!
Of course, Aldunin sells most of their works, but still there are some items in their collection, which they will never agree to put up to sale. These are the flea and the Kalashnikov.
They have about one hundred works as for now. Creating some of them takes them just a few hours, but making certain items takes half a year, like it was with the Kalashnikov. They work only with a microscope, and says that all their imagination and vision is within it.
Aldunin started their art a decade ago, when they bought a microscope and decided to shoe a flea, like Levsha, a fictional character from a Russian satirical fairy-tale, who managed to do it “150 years ago”. They took the flea from a cat, and dried it. After the flea was ready, they de-fuzzed its legs, cut the tiny claws and only then started their main work. They shoed the dried insect and attached a saddle and a stirrup to it, all made of pure gold.
They believe that the most prominent thing he's ever done the T-34, a Soviet medium tank, 0.078-inch length and made of 257 details, the contraction is placed on an apple seed and is a exact copy of the real tank. They also have a camelcade in the eye of a needle and a 0.078-inch length bike.
This works proves to be time-consuming not only when it comes to creating things, but also when you're getting the instruments ready for it. Aldunin spends long hours on sharpening their special tiny tools.
One flea-shoe made by Aldunin weights 0.00000004419 grams, so if you have just one gram of gold, you get 11,314,772 pairs of this insect footwear, not a very expensive thing, really. So, if you want your cats and dogs have really trendy parasites, you know whom to call now.
Photo credits – 1-6, 7, 8
Anna Rudenko
Subscribe to our Facebook, Twitter to stay updated for the new posts. Also we have many more stories to explore below:
It seems like anywhere you turn these days, you'll find the creators of some up and coming MMO extolling the virtues of player interdependence in MMOs and how it's making a comeback in their game. Titles like Crowfall, Saga of Lucimia, and Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen are touting the concept as something of a core design principle, promising that with it as a development objective, their game will usher in a return to the golden age of MMORPG communities.
For those of us who've been around a while, this is all well and good. We have a general idea of what player interdependence means because it's something MMORPGs all used to have, and for the most part, we're pretty happy about the prospect of it making a comeback. Interdependence may not be the biggest buzzword of 2016, but it's certainly my personal favorite.
Newer entrants to the genre may be unfamiliar with exactly what player interdependence in MMOs really means – and who can blame them? For the past five years of releases, any reliance on one player from another has been almost completely eliminated from MMO design outside of specified, typically instanced group encounters, and if you entered the market during those years, it's easy to think that this is representative of the way MMOs have always been and should always be, something I could not possibly disagree with more emphatically. To that end, let's take a look at exactly what this long absent principle of design used to mean and what its reappearance means for the future of the MMO genre.
The MMO Genre's Tabletop Roots
It's probably not news to anyone that MMORPGs are basically just elaborate digital adaptations of tabletop RPGs like Dungeons and Dragons. Now I'm no tabletop expert, chiefly because that requires the ability to make friends in meatspace, but from my limited experience with the medium, player interdependence was alive and well. I'm reminded of a recent Edge of the Empire game where my friends and I did a… less than stellar job of balancing out our skill proficiencies. Long story short, we couldn't get through the campaign with our combat skills alone, and needed to have a balanced array of skills like piloting and slicing (Star Wars' version of hacking) between all of us for our party to make it through the day.
I've written about content with skill requirements before in its capacity to deepen the RPG and narrative experiences in MMOs, but certain implementations can have a social impact as well. Maybe you need a mage to spellsteal a certain boss' buff, or a rogue to pick the lock to gain entry to the next wing of a dungeon. These types of skill distinctions create interdependencies between players by encouraging them to form social connections with people who can do something that they cannot, because they have to rely on those other players to make it through the game's content.
These types of encounters have largely been phased out of recent MMO design, with developers increasingly choosing to allow players to do everything on one character. Where in the genre's tabletop predecessors, players had to make meaningful character building decisions with the dozen or so skill points they would have available, games like the The Elder Scrolls Online now hurl skill points at players in far greater quantities than they could ever reasonably need. When everyone can do everything, there's no need to ever talk to another player, and group composition is essentially meaningless. While this kind of interdependence in MMOs does add complexity to getting a group together, it also introduces a level of depth to a game's social systems and in-game community that the genre has been sorely missing (not to mention adding variety to content and encounter design).
Star Wars Galaxies: An Exceptional Case of Interdependence
Interdependence in MMOs isn't solely limited to its in-combat applications, and there are no places where this is better evidenced than in Star Wars Galaxies' virtual worlds. SWG forced you to interact with other players every step of the way to get absolutely anything done, and the result was an online community stronger than any we've ever seen.
Examples of Star Wars Galaxies‘ player interdependence are myriad. Its much lauded crafting system was fully player run, with crafting supported as a full-time playstyle rather than something everyone did in addition to combat. If you were a crafter, you probably didn't have much, if any, combat skill at all. SWG‘s crafting system featured complexities that required crafters and gatherers to work together on forming supply lines to have access to the most desirable raw materials. Even after the items were fully crafted, players continued to work together to build and operate the player cities where their shops were located, which took some doing if you wanted your city to be competitive in the game's economy.
Beyond crafting and combat, the sandbox title also featured a gameplay sphere for entertainers and medical personnel, who combat oriented characters would have to visit to heal their wounds and battle fatigue. These players spent their time in the cantinas and hospitals of the game's cities, which grew into burgeoning social scenes as a result.
The part that will sound the craziest to people unfamiliar with the title is that at first, you were only allowed one character per server, so if you were a crafter, that was it. You couldn't just roll an alt to handle your crafting; if you wanted something made, you had to find someone else to do it. As insane as that sounds in the days of ‘everyone can do everything', the result was something magical: a community the likes of which has never been replicated.
Interdependence in World of Warcraft
Of course, talking about interdependence in MMOs that are sandbox oriented is admittedly a bit like snatching at low-hanging fruit; games in that style of MMO naturally place a greater emphasis on player interaction than their themepark counterparts. While it would be easy to pick themepark examples from older titles where it was simply impossible to solo anything without a group, or point to their successors in contemporary projects like Saga of Lucimia or Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen, I think it would be more interesting to instead discuss World of Warcraft. Not in its current state, where interdependence is almost completely dead, but back when the game was in its prime.
There's no better case study for the genre's decline in social systems than industry giant World of Warcraft‘s own development arc. Players used to meet up while questing to tackle challenging elite zones and the group quests contained within, but these were mostly systematically removed during Cataclym‘s reshaping of Azeroth's overworld. An entire combat role dedicated to crowd control, once indispensable in endgame dungeons and raids, fell by the wayside in Wrath of the Lich King so that strangers could steamroll dungeons together in automatically assembled groups without the burden of actually communicating with one another. Instant travel via portals, once only available by finding a Mage or a Warlock player character, was made accessible to everyone via portal emplacements in capital cities.
Crafting in World of Warcraft was initially headed down the same route, but recent changes in Warlords of Draenor and the upcoming Legion expansion have restored some interdependence between crafting professions. Giving credit where credit is due, these were positive changes that I hope are the beginning of Warcraft itself responding to the trend of returning interdependence in MMOs.
Interdependence in MMOs Sounds Awfully Inconvenient
At this point, some of you are no doubt starting to think that interdependence in MMOs sounds awfully inconvenient. Isn't it much easier to not have to rely on other players at all? Undeniably, but that doesn't mean it's better.
All games are, at their core, designed around placing a series of obstacles between the player and their objective, and overcoming those obstacles is where the satisfaction of playing comes from. Think of a game as simple as a puzzle. If all the inconveniences were removed and you received it fully assembled, there would be no longevity or entertainment value.
We don't just accept these obstacles as an inconvenient part of games; in fact, they're the reason we play them to begin with. They are what define the game, and what defines MMOs specifically is exactly what's contained in the initialism: they're massively multiplayer. When you get rid of that, MMOs lose the one thing that made them special. Unfortunately, that's exactly what publishers have done over the last decade of MMO development.
Many people inappropriately characterize this issue as a divide between casual and hardcore players, mistakenly placing the blame on developers attempting to appeal to casual players; it's nothing of the sort. There's nothing hardcore about actually interacting with people online, particularly when it's more or less the defining characteristic of the type of game you're playing.
No, the true impetus of the shift came from a desire to provide more and more instant gratification. It's about the willingness of players to accept short-term inconvenience in return for a deep and satisfying long-term experience. Having experienced the magic of strong online communities over the long-term before, I like to believe that we can accept what needs to happen for them to make a return. I want to believe it can work. I do believe it can work. And with the development zeitgeist pivoting towards bringing back interdependence in MMOs, I guess we're all about to find out.
Related: Article
Parting is such sweet sorrow, and I remember how mixed my emotions were when I finally dumped my unlimited data plan on my personal wireless account and switched to one of AT&T's mobile share plans. I had held onto my old plan for as long as I could in anticipation of the rise of data-hungry mobile services, but the cost benefit of switching and the knowledge that I was just going to be throttled anyway made it silly to hold on any longer.
While Verizon and AT&T built up huge smartphone customer bases in part by luring subscribers in with unlimited data and then practically forcing them onto capped plans, there are still two major U.S. carriers that offer limitless cellular data… for now.
DON'T MISS: Cord cutters' dream come true: HBO is already pondering special discounted HBO Now plans
While speaking at the Code Conference on Wednesday night, Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure reiterated comments that former CEO Dan Hesse had made a few times in the past. In a nutshell, Sprint still uses unlimited data plans as one of its main advantages over rival carriers, but it will indeed stop offering unlimited data plans at some point.
Claure did clarify that unlimited data plans are working well for Sprint right now, but that doesn't change the fact that Sprint will stop making them available at some point in the future.
T-Mobile is the only other nationwide wireless carrier that still offers unlimited data plans to new subscribers; AT&T and Verizon longer offer unlimited data, but subscribers who signed up for unlimited data back when the plans were offered are grandfathered in. At some point, however, T-Mobile will also likely have no choice but to bail on its unlimited data offerings.
Here's a video of Claure discussing unlimited data at the Code Conference:
A proposal to build a mosque in a suburb 40km south-east of Melbourne's CBD is likely to be rejected over concerns about the scale of the development and its impact on the environment.
A special meeting of the City of Casey council will be held on Tuesday night to discuss a council report that recommends councillors not approve the application from the Saarban Islamic Trust for a 470-person mosque on the vacant rural site in Narre Warren. The mosque has been the subject of vehement opposition from far-right political groups.
Battle over Bendigo: fear and bruised feelings in city that said yes to a mosque Read more
The report outlines the key factors influencing the recommendation, saying: “The proposed height, bulk and prominence of the proposed development combined with the large expanse of car parking will result in a dominant built form and excessive hard paving and is not considered to be sympathetic to the landscape and scenic qualities of the area.” The mosque includes a 25-metre minaret.
Another reason given was that the plan was not consistent with the requirement for “protection, conservation and enhancement of the character of rural and scenic non-urban landscapes and the amenity of the area”.
The president of the Saarban Islamic Trust, Zain Shaah, told ABC radio on Tuesday that they believed the proposal had been rejected in part due to Islamophobia. Two months ago, the grounds where the mosque was planned to be built were burned. Narre Warren detective Sen Sgt Rodney Maroney told Fairfax Media police were investigating the burning of planning permit documents displayed in the front of the site.
“Why are mosques needed when they supposedly pray on mats,” one member of the Facebook group Stop the Narre Warren Mosque wrote. “Mosques are not required or wanted so move with the times.”
A post by an administrator of the page said the mosque might become “another place where radicalisation could occur and threaten community harmony”.
But the report to the council rejected these concerns. “To refuse the application on social impact grounds would require evidence that the proposed use would have significant adverse social impacts,” the report said. “There is no compelling evidence that the social impacts perceived by some objectors would happen at the subject land.”
Shaah said for the past 18 months the trust had been cooperating with the council to address any concerns about parking, noise and the height of the building. They said the group was “really stunned and surprised” by the rejection, saying they were fighting to have the mosque approved in an “Islamophobia environment”. The trust would have been prepared to remove the minaret and make alterations to the plans had concerns been raised with him, they said.
“We got a really big shock to find out they have rejected our application,” Shaah said.
Gold Coast mosque: opponents celebrate after court rejects plan Read more
One of Casey's councillors, Rosalie Crestani, is a member of the far-right Rise Up Australia political party and has previously attended rallies held by the far-right anti-Muslim group Reclaim Australia. They strongly oppose the mosque.
“I think that's a conflict of interest,” Shaah said. “It's very discriminatory behaviour from the council against us.”
The trust would be taking its application to the Victorian civil and administrative tribunal, Shaah said. The council received 1,003 letters objecting to the development and 16 in support.
Victoria's planning minister, Richard Wynne, who does not have jurisdiction over the local council matter, described the recommended rejection of the mosque as “an unfortunate turn of events”.
“It is right and proper that people have the right and opportunity to worship in their mosques,” they told ABC radio. “Planning should deal with planning matters, not religious matters”.
Transportation Safety Administration chief John Pistole and several senators from both parties defended the new, enhanced airport security screening procedures as necessary in the face of a persistent and evolving terrorist threat in a hearing Wednesday on Capitol Hill.
Pistole, calm and confident in the face of an increasing public outcry against the procedures, talked extensively about the repercussions of last year's attempted Christmas Day bombing being the impetus for the enhanced screenings before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, TSA's oversight committee.
"We know the terrorists' intent is still there," Pistole testified. "We are using technology and protocols to stay ahead of the threat and keep you safe. (Several near-misses by terrorists on airplane bombings) got through security because we were not being thorough enough in our pat-downs."
Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri said prior to Pistole's testimony that they believed TSA was in a "damned if you do, damned if you don't" situation, because people would be hopping mad at TSA if Christmas bomber Umar Farouk Adbulmutallab had succeeded. They went on to say the new advanced imaging technology--which has caused uproar because of its leave-no-secrets imaging and potential health risks--is more of a blessing than a curse.
"I'm wildly excited that I can walk through a machine instead of getting my dose of love pats," Sen. McCaskill said.
Should John Tyner Worry about More than Theirs Junk?
Poll: 4 in 5 Support Full-Body Scanners
New Airport Security to Slow Down Holiday Travel
Both senators and Pistole acknowledged the public concern that has made mini-celebrities out of some passengers who have opposed the new imaging scans and enhanced pat-downs. Pistole, a former FBI agent, went so far as to say they submitted themselves to the pat-downs and found them to be "more invasive than what I was used to."
Senator George LeMieux of Florida agreed they were invasive, saying they had gone too far and that they "wouldn't want (his) wife to go through these pat-downs." They even suggested looking more at the Israeli model of behavioral profiling in airport screenings, which has been largely successful but also criticized as racist.
However, Pistole defended the pat-downs because of the next generation of "non-metallic" explosives currently being used by terrorists.
In an effort to address privacy and health concerns from travelers, Pistole said TSA is working on developing next-generation imaging equipment that will only show screening agents "anomalies" on top of stick figures, rather than detailed naked figures.
Currently, all passengers going through airport security are asked to submit to a full body image scan when it is available, Pistole said. The body scan images are seen by a single agent in a closed room who cannot see the face of the person in the machine and who cannot bring any cellphones or cameras into the image viewing room. If passengers refuse the body scan, they are offered a private pat-down, which is based on a thorough--some say invasive--technique used by police nationwide. Pistole emphasized that children under the age of 12 are excused from the enhanced pat-downs.
"We are on the last line of defense of the U.S. government," Pistole said. "I hope (these screening techniques) are a deterrence."
Embattled Majority: Religion and Its Despisers in America. (Part I)
I've been meaning to write some posts for this blog for about three or four years. Having recently spent a fantabulous couple of days with Paul Harvey, and with their kind encouragement, I thought I might write a bit about the state of two lengthy research projects I'm working on. The first one is about jazz, and will be the subject of a subsequent entry. The one I'm writing about here comes from my ongoing enquiry into American political religions. Since a lot of the posts here are first-person and anecdotal, I thought I might write not just about the project's particulars but about its inception. Here goes.
Over the last few years I've thought a lot not just about political religions but about my own motivations in writing about them. What does it mean to write about such matters amidst such an absolute, overwhelming abundance of discourse, much of it assuming some form of outrage, David Hume's “common blaze.” Was there anything more to say about religion and politics in this context? Would academic complexity and nuance, assuming I could conjure them, be noticed at all, matter at all? Would my attempt to write partly in the idiom of social criticism be a risky one in a field often committed to the documentarian position (or what I sometimes think of as the Sunday newspaper magazine mode)? What in fact was I seeking and locating: the emotional experience of religions in political life, a distinct kind of religious expression (that we might clearly distinguish from other kinds), a mode of discourse?
My interest has generally been in the latter, with the clear sense that it gives insight into the former. I'm compelled by the notion that the political is, despite being so obvious in American religions, elusive and resistant to conventional descriptive efforts. What I've tried to do in my major writings so far, and continue to do in my current work, is to stage theoretical interventions into what is often a dusty discourse, stuffed with enumerations of practitioners and pamphlets and often bereft of suggestions about how to rethink these fundamental tropes and experiences in American life. In these, I've tried to excavate and analyze American cultures of religio-political discontent and to propose for my readers new interpretive languages, my own terms for the study of political religions.
In The Fracture of Good Order, I contend that undergirding many Christian criticisms of political order since roughly the Vietnam era is a series of complicated relations with certain fundaments of political liberalism: individualist conceptions of citizenship, a clear separation between the public and private realms, the priority of negative liberty over agonistic participation in public life, and the constraint of certain kinds of speech and action in the realm of the political.
In Religion of Fear, I explore the role of sentimental education in establishing or nurturing religio-political resentments, focusing on the changing shapes of conservative evangelical popular cultures – their shifting articulation, their differing audiences, their socio-political role and foci – in delineating a particular instantiation of a “fear regime” in post-1960s American life. Beyond the admixture of popular culture, fright talk, and conservative evangelical politics, I contend in Fear, we see in the growing normalization of the religious discourse of horror and fright a disturbing parallel to (and energizer of) other trends in American politics: the preponderance of conflict rhetoric and imagery, the creep of apathy and despair, and a vivid sign of the distance between Americans' aspirations for themselves and what they believe of the world they share. What compelled me was not the snarky, derisive discourse by which some seek to confine evangelicals to a hokey, backwards, reactionary place on the margins of seriousness (however great the numbers, the influence) nor the sensationalist charges of theocracy one hears regularly. I wanted to explore how the popular narrations of a particular brand of religious fear revealed the complexities of religio-political identity, the centrality of the horrific to American self-understandings, and the growing power and ubiquity of combat language, demonology, and an occluded relationship between technology and rationality. So to answer the question “how did such fearful sentiment become normalized,” this chronicle was a possible answer.
In 2008 I told myself I would concentrate on the jazz book, and I have. But I had to admit to myself that I was a faithless author and was cheating on that book, even before I knew it. That autumn and into 2009, I gave a bunch of talks and started writing for a couple of online forums, and it was in these spaces that I now know I was working out the ideas that now make up this book: the shared and even ubiquitous uses of the discourse of embattlement and victimization; the context of what I call the Techular Swirl, which combines the sense of being emotionally and techonologically overwhelmed with the construction of Wiki Worlds in which “religion” plays a central role; the articulation of embattled identity through what I call “Gotcha!” Epistemology and the Epistemology of Favorites; and the desire to meet the exhaustion of our political moment with a fabulist history in which We Matter, because we know that something called “religion” is embattled or signals our embattlement. So as the long-lurching wreck of American public life has continued to compel me, I realized beginning in late 2010 that I was in fact writing a second book alongside my jazz book.
As Fear built on Fracture, this project seeks to account for another dimension of religious agonism in political life in post-Vietnam America. I call it Embattled Majority, which signals my intention to give shape to a third religio-political discourse in the United States: one by which different groups of Americans proclaim their majoritarianism while also performing their victimization, oppression, and persecution. In most of my published work on political religions, I have addressed this discourse – it is more accurate to link it to a religio-political style, than to a movement – but my sense was that its importance to American conservatism (and conservative Christianity, that shifting assemblage of identities lumped together for authorial convenience) deserved a fuller theorization. But now my sense is that it is a critical claim shared far more broadly. It is this darker truth that the book is really about. Nobody escapes.
I first heard Way Mi Defend by Kahn in 2011 when it was dropped on Box Clever which was a favourite label of mine as I've always preferred 10″ records to 12″s. I remember hearing Kahn dropping it at SYSTEM at the dome in London and it sounded mental on the rig, it was the first time I'd heard it drop on a big system. It struck me how much space there was in the track and with that vocal ‘Dub' echoing through the track every couple of bars just made it so effective. It drops, it goes off… every time and it's this tune that proved music doesn't have to be jam packed to make an impact. Few years later I felt I wanted to come with my own version which was primarily only meant for dubplate for myself and a few others. After posting it up on Soundcloud it received a lot of appreciation, and I also heard that it recently got dropped at Outlook, which is overwhelming. That has turned my attention to a creating an alternative to my original version titled “Version 2”. I got talking to Eddy “Seven” about a few coming releases on their label Uprise Audio, then I found out they were doing mastering himself, so I decided to approach them about the Way Mi Defend Version, they walked me through getting a clean premaster and wide dynamics. So big ups to Ed at 7M for knocking out a nice clean master. I can say it sounds nice on the sound system.
– Sound Unknown
James Wong (born 26 May 1981) is an ethnobotanist, television presenter and garden designer in the United Kingdom,[1] best known for presenting the award-winning television series Grow Your Own Drugs, being a panellist on the long-running Radio 4 series Gardeners' Question Time and reporting on the popular BBC rural affairs series Countryfile.
Early life [ edit ]
Born in London to a Malaysian Chinese father and a British mother, Wong was brought up in Singapore and Malaysia. Upon being awarded an academic scholarship, they returned to the UK in 1999 to study at the University of Bath. They then trained at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, and the University of Kent, gaining a Master of Science degree in Ethnobotany, graduating with distinction.
Career [ edit ]
At the age of 27, Wong became the presenter of their own television series Grow Your Own Drugs. The award-winning BBC Two series demonstrates a number of natural remedies sourced from plants,[2] and soon became the highest-rated gardening series on UK television. The show ran for two series, as well as a one-off Christmas special, Grow Your Own Christmas. Wong's first two books that tied-in with each series of the television show became international best-sellers, with their third title Homegrown Revolution becoming the fastest selling gardening book in UK history.[3]
Wong is also a regular reporter on the hit BBC One rural affairs series Countryfile since its reformatting in April 2009, as well as being a regular panellist on BBC Radio 4's Gardeners' Question Time and presenter of the Channel NewsAsia series Expensive Eats.
In their capacity as a garden designer, they have become a four-time Royal Horticultural Society RHS medal winner[4] for gardens they co-designed through the design studio they co-founded, Amphibian Designs, at the Chelsea Flower Show and the Hampton Court Palace Flower Show. In their first garden at the 2004 Hampton Court Palace Flower Show, they became the youngest-ever medal-winning designer at the event, and is currently the youngest five-time RHS medal winner.[5]
Wong has designed an Ethnobotanical Garden for the University of Kent, where they are a guest lecturer.[6]
Their research has taken them to highland Ecuador, as well as to China and Java.
In 2013 and 2014 they presented several episodes of Great British Garden Revival, winning 'Best Television Programme of the Year' at the 2014 Garden Media Awards.
Personal life [ edit ]
Wong lives in Twickenham, southwest London. They speak fluent Spanish, English and Mandarin Chinese.
Their mother is from Newport, Wales and Wong retains a slight South Welsh accent.[7]
Filmography [ edit ]
Year Title Role Episodes 2008 Fossil Detectives Co-presenter All Gardeners' World Guest presenter All 2009 Grow Your Own Drugs Series 1 Presenter All Grow Your Own Drugs for Christmas Presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various 2010 Grow Your Own Drugs Series 2 Presenter All James Wong and the Malaysian Garden Presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various 2011 The Fabulous Mrs Beeton Co-Presenter All Countryfile Co-Presenter All 2012 Our Food Co-presenter All The People's Rainforest Co-Presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various 2013 Expensive Eats Co-presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various 2014 Great British Garden Revival Co-presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various 2015 Great British Garden Revival Co-presenter All Countryfile Co-presenter Various BBC Chelsea Flower Show Coverage Co-Anchor Various 2017 The Secrets of Your Food Co-presenter All Springwatch Co-presenter "Springwatch in Japan: Cherry Blosson Time"
Bibliography [ edit ]
Wong, James (2009). Grow Your Own Drugs . Harper Collins.
Wong, James (2010). Grow Your Own Drugs – A Year with James Wong . Harper Collins.
Wong, James (2012). James Wong's Homegrown Revolution . Weidenfeld & Nicolson.
Wong, James (2015). Grow For Flavour . Octopus Publishing Group.
Wong, James (2017). How to Eat Better. Octopus Publishing Group.
Labour's top donor has hit out at Gordon Brown's "hugely negative" claim that the UK would become the European equivalent of North Korea if it left the European Union (EU).
John Mills told IBTimes UK that the former prime minister's comments were "very extreme" and suggested the Scottish MP went "way over the top".
"One of the problems about people who want us to stay in the EU is that they tend to go way over the top and suggest that if Britain left the EU the world would come to an end. Really the situation is much more nuanced than that," the millionaire argued.
"There will be problems if we were to leave the EU and there would be some difficult negotiations that we would have to go through as well as a period of uncertainty.
"But there would be some advantages of us coming out as well. The idea that there's a sort of massive difference in the future – if we're in or out – is just not realistic."
Mills explained that they would want "sufficiently substantial" reform in Brussels for the UK to stay in the EU and claimed a majority of voters share their opinion.
"Most people in this country, given substantial changes, would want us to stay in the EU," they said.
But the entrepreneur warned that Labour could be "missing a trick" by not offering a referendum on the UK's membership of the EU as part of their election pledges.
"If Labour wants us to stay in the EU, which I think the majority of the party does, the best chance of settling the issue would be for the party to do what it can in terms of a re-negotiation of terms and then hold a referendum when it can put a positive picture forward," Mills said.
The major donor suggested that 2017 or 2018 would be the best year to hold the historical vote and warned that Labour could lose in 2020 if they party does not offer it.
"The danger is if it doesn't do this the country will get more and more Euroscepitc, then you will have a right-of-centre government elected in 2020 on a Brexit platform," they said.
"The danger is if it doesn't do this the country will get more and more Euroscepitc, then you will have a right-of-centre government elected in 2020 on a Brexit platform." - John Mills
The self-described "dyed-in-the-wool" Labour supporter gave the party £1.65m ($2.47m, €2.32m) in shares of their TV shopping company in 2013.
However, Mills revealed that Miliband's position on the EU would not dissuade them from giving the party more money.
"I'm a dyed-in-the-wool Labour supporter. Any democratic party has people who disagree with bits of what it says, I'm still a strong supporter. I wouldn't have differences like that," they said.
Mills made the remarks ahead of the 16 March launch of their new book, Call to Action.
The business person explained that pamphlet attacks the "cross-party consensus on austerity" and proposes a range of "radical changes" to economic policy.
YouGov, with 55 days to go before the general election, put Labour one point ahead of the Tories (35% vs 34%) in the polls.
The survey of more than 1,700 voters also put Ukip on 14%, the Liberal Democrats on 7% and the Greens on 5%.
Overview (4)
Mini Bio (1)
Susan Cabot was born in Boston and raised in a series of eight foster homes. They attended high school in Manhattan, where they took an interest in dramatics and joined the school dramatic club. Later, while trying to decide between a career in music or art, they illustrated children's books during the day and sang at Manhattan's Village Barn at night. It was at this same time that they made their film debut as an extra in Fox's New York-made Kiss of Death (1947) and worked in New York-based television. Maxwell Arnow, a casting director for Columbia Pictures, spotted Cabot at the Village Barn, and a co-starring role in that studio's B-grade South Seas drama On the Isle of Samoa (1950) resulted. While in Hollywood Cabot was also signed for the role of an Indian maiden in Universal's Tomahawk (1951) with Van Heflin. Subsequently signed to an exclusive contract by Universal, Cabot co-starred in a long string of films opposite leading men like John Lund, Tony Curtis and Audie Murphy. Inevitably, they became fed up with the succession of western and Arabian Nights roles, asked for a release from their Universal pact and accepted an offer from Harold Robbins to star in their play "A Stone for Danny Fisher" in New York. Roger Corman lured them back to Hollywood to play the lead in the melodramatic rock-'n-'roller Carnival Rock (1957) and they stayed on to star in five more films for the enterprising young producer-director. After a highly publicized 1959 fling with Jordan's King Hussein, Cabot divided their time between TV work and roles in stage plays and musicals.
- IMDb Mini Biography By: Tom Weaver <TomWeavr@aol.com>
Spouse (2)
Michael Roman (1968 - 1983) ( divorced) Martin Sacker (1944 - 1951) ( divorced)
Trivia (10)
In 1957 Susan returned to films after signing an exclusive contract with producer Roger Corman . The two briefly dated as well.
In 1968, they married their second husband, actor Michael Roman , but the marriage broke up in the early 1980s, in part due to Cabot's increasing mental fragility and paranoia. Cabot had reportedly been taking a growth hormone prescribed for their son, possibly a factor in heightening their mental illness.
Married at the age of 17 in order to escape their sad and transient childhood, which included eight different foster homes.
Burial: Hillside Memorial Park, Culver City (Los Angeles), California.
In 1964 they gave birth to their son, Timothy, who suffered from dwarfism. They bludgeoned them to death with a weightlifting bar while they slept in the bedroom of their Encino (CA) home. They were charged with involuntary manslaughter but cited years of mental and physical abuse by them as their defense. They received a three-year suspended sentence and was placed on probation for the crime.
Attended high school in Manhattan, where they took an interest in dramatics and joined the school dramatic club.
Them personal life included a well publicized relationship with King Hussein of Jordan in 1959, which ended when they found out that they were Jewish.
Author Tom Weaver writes about their acquaintance with Susan Cabot and their son in the book "Lost Souls of Horror and the Gothic" (Jefferson NC: McFarland & Co., 2016).
A biopic on their life titled "Black Oasis" was announced in 2007, with Stephan Elliott directing and Rose McGowan starring as Cabot. The project never materialized.
Actor
adopted Timothy after they married Susan Cabot in 1968.
The paternity of Cabot's son Timothy (b. January 27, 1964) is now confirmed to be that of King Hussein of Jordan. Before January 2018, the general public did not know who was actually Timothy Roman's father. Cabot themselves said to friends that they were fathered by an English diplomat to whom they had been married for a short time, but they told them friends this to hide the fact that they were born out of wedlock.Actor Christopher Jones was also regarded as a possible father, though King Hussein of Jordan was the main discussed candidate, a fact that Timothy's lawyers used to ask for their removal of Tim from the regular jail population due to their status as the king's son. Michael Roman adopted Timothy after they married Susan Cabot in 1968.
Personal Quotes (1)
Howard accused of war crimes over Iraq troop deployment
Updated
A legal brief has been sent to the International Criminal Court (ICC) alleging former prime minister John Howard committed a war crime by sending troops to Iraq.
A loose alliance of peace activists, lawyers, academics and politicians is behind the brief, organised by the ICC Action group in Melbourne.
Organiser Glen Floyd says Mr Howard should be held accountable for sending troops to a war not sanctioned by the United Nations.
"We have produced a 52-page brief of evidence which states to the chief prosecutor of the criminal court that we allege John Howard's actions are war crimes under article 8 of the Rome Statute," they said.
Democrats Senator Lyn Allison says the legal brief sent to the ICC is justified.
Senator Allison, who is one of several eminent people supporting the move, says accountability is important.
"This action has been taken to hold those accountable for their action, so it's essentially our prime minister - they were the one at the time [who] was the executive of government, made the decision," they said.
'It wasn't put to the Parliament and as we all know, it turned out to be unjustified."
A similar brief has been sent by a group from the United Kingdom regarding former prime minister Tony Blair. The United States is not a signatory to the court.
Topics: laws, government-and-politics, federal-government, world-politics, law-crime-and-justice, courts-and-trials, rights, human, unrest-conflict-and-war, australia, iraq
First posted
EFF has signed on to a joint letter with more than 100 organizations and individuals to urge Canadian members of parliament to vote against Canada's anti-terror legislation, Bill C-51. The reckless bill contains vague language and proposes broad, unchecked surveillance powers that threaten the right to privacy and free expression in Canada. Canadian MPs are set to vote on Bill C-51 for the third and final time shortly after they return from recess on April 20. In an effort to educate fellow residents, Canadians are rallying to oppose Bill C-51 with a Week of Education to Stop C-51 from April 13 to April 20. With this legislation threatening to strip Canadians of some basic fundamental freedoms, it's time for the House of Commons to listen to its constituents' warnings and vote to dismiss Bill C-51.
You can read the full coalition statement below:
The Right Honourable Stephen Harper, P.C., M.P., Prime Minister of Canada
Office of the Prime Minister
80 Wellington Street
Ottawa, ON K1A 0A2
Dear Prime Minister,
We, the undersigned organizations and individuals, call for the immediate and unconditional dismissal of Bill C-51: Anti-Terrorism Act, 2015. We are extremely concerned by the potential impact of this legislation, which fails to strike the balance between protecting Canadians and safeguarding our cherished rights and freedoms as protected in the Charter.
Bill C-51 has been widely criticized by experts and Canadians across the country as being irresponsible, dangerous, and ineffective. This law will detrimentally impact our social frameworks, democratic values and fundamental rights. Our security agencies currently possess wide-ranging powers to address security threats, and the need for this broad legislation has not been demonstrated. While minor amendments to the bill have been suggested, amendments cannot repair such an extensive and dangerous piece of legislation.
As Canadians learn more about and better understand the bill, their concern for its contents and potential impact continues to grow. The bill's consultation process has been incredibly hasty, not even allowing for our own Privacy Commissioner to speak to the potential impact that this broad legislation could have. Legislation that could in any way affect our rights and freedoms cannot be created in such a rushed manner. Canadians must be consulted, and expert recommendations and criticism must be factored into shaping the country's policies.
We agree with the over 179,000 Canadians who have called on the government to scrap this irresponsible, dangerous and ineffective legislation through StopC51.ca and other petitions. Bill C-51 is fundamentally flawed and the proposed amendments do little to mitigate the erosion of our rights and freedoms if it is passed into law. We write to you requesting that the federal government listen to the wishes of the majority of Canadians, and withdraw this piece of legislation. We will not be pressured or scared into sacrificing our rights and freedoms.
Yours sincerely,
Amnesty Canada
Avaaz
BC Civil Liberties Association (BCCLA)
BC Freedom of Information and Privacy Association (FIPA)
Canadian Association of Professional Employees / Association canadienne des employés professionnels
Canadian Civil Liberties Association
Canadian Journalists for Free Expression (CJFE)
Centre for Law and Democracy
Centre for Free Expression, Ryerson University
CWA/SCA Canada
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Free Dominion
Greenpeace Canada
Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
International Civil Liberties Monitoring Group (ICLMG)
Leadnow
National Council of Canadian Muslims (NCCM)
OpenMedia
PEN Canada
Pirate Party of Canada
Privacy & Access Council of Canada
Privacy International
Public Service Alliance of Canada, BC Region
Real Art Gaining Strength
Right to Know Coalition of Nova Scotia (RTKNS)
Samuelson-Glushko Canadian Internet Policy & Public Interest Clinic (CIPPIC)
Telecommunities Canada
Youth Vote Canada
Dr. Adam Molnar, Lecturer, Department of Criminology, Deakin University
Alexander Ferworn, CD, Professor, Associate Chair and Graduate Program Director, Department of Computer Science, Ryerson University
Ali Miri, Professor, School of Computer Science, Ryerson University
Andrew Clement, Professor, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Ann Cavoukian, Ph.D., Executive Director, The Privacy and Big Data Institute, Ryerson University
Professor Anver Saloojee, Ryerson University
April Lindgren, Associate Professor, Ryerson University School of Journalism
Arnold Amber, President, Canadian Journalists for Free Expression
Arthur Cockfield, Professor, Queen's University Faculty of Law
Avner Levin, Associate Professor and Chair, Law & Business Department, Ted Rogers School of Management, Ryerson University
Barry Grills, Past Chair, The Writers' Union of Canada, Past Chair, Book and Periodical Council
Bill Bonner, Ph.D., Associate Professor, Faculty of Business Administration, University of Regina
Carl Benn, PhD, Professor, Department of History, Ryerson University
Chris MacDonald, Associate Professor, Director, Jim Pattison Ethical Leadership Education & Research Program, Ted Rogers School of Management, Ryerson University
Dr. Christopher Parsons, Managing Director of the Telecom Transparency Project, Citizen Lab at the Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto
Cindy Blackstock, Associate Professor, University of Alberta
Professor Colin J. Bennett, Department of Political Science, University of Victoria
Dagmar Rajagopa, Ph.D., Retired Professor of Economics, Ryerson University
David H. Flaherty, Professor Emeritus, University of Western Ontario
Professor David Lyon, FRSC, Queen's University
Professor Dave Mason, School of Computer Science, Ryerson University
David Checkland, Associate Professor, Department of Philosophy, Ryerson University
David J. Phillips, Associate Professor, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Dwayne Winseck, Professor, School of Journalism and Communication, Carleton University
Eva Hourihan Jansen, PhD Candidate, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
George F. Bielmeier, Professor Emeritus, School of Social Work, Ryerson University
Grant Buckler, Journalist, Member of CJFE Canadian Issues Committee
Greg Elmer, Professor of Media, Ryerson University
Heida Mani, Mining Consultant
Professor Henry Navarro, School of Fashion, Ryerson University
Jaclyn Law, Co-Editor, CJFE Review of Free Expression in Canada
Dr. Javad Alirezaie, PhD, PEng, SMIEEE, Professor, CVIP Lab Director, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Ryerson University
Jonathan Obar, Assistant Professor, Faculty of Social Science and Humanities, University of Ontario Institute of Technology
Joseph H. Carens, Professor of Political Science, University of Toronto
Kathleen Greenaway, Ph.D., Research Fellow, Privacy & Cyber Crime Institute, Ryerson University
Kathryn Church, PhD, Director and Associate Professor, School of Disability Studies, Ryerson University
Laurence Kearley, Barrister and Solicitor, Associate Professor (Privacy Law), University of Ottawa
Leslie Regan Shade, Associate Professor, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Linying (Lin) Dong, Associate Professor, Ph.D., Ted Rogers School of Information Technology Management, Ryerson University
Lynn Lavallee, PhD, Associate Professor, Associate Director, School of Social Work, Ryerson University
Mary Elizabeth Rubens, Entertainment lndustry Professional, Producer, Writer, Actor
Matthew Bouchard, Doctoral Student, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Dr. Mehrunnisa Ali, Professor, Ryerson University
Mel Watkins, Emeritus Professor, University of Toronto
Michael Carter, PhD Candidate, Surveillance Studies Centre, Queen's University
Michael Geist, Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law, University of Ottawa
Mitu Sengupta, Associate Professor, Department of Politics & Public Administration, Ryerson University
Nalini K. Singh, Academic Librarian, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Neil Thomlinson, Ph.D., Associate Professor, Politics & Public Administration, Ryerson University
Paul Jonathan Saguil, Barrister and Solicitor, Member of CJFE Canadian Issues Committee
Paul Knox, Associate Professor, School of Journalism, Ryerson University
Peter Jacobsen, Founding partner, Bersenas Jacobsen Chouest Thomson Blackburn LLP, and Chair of CJFE Canadian Issues Committee
Peter Puxley, Former Parliamentary Bureau Chief, CBC Radio News, former Senior Producer on CBC TV's The National Magazine
Philip Coppack, Ph.D., Professor of Geography, Ryerson University
Philippa Lawson, Barrister & Solicitor
Rainerio Tayco, Communist Party of Canada
Rebecca Noone, PhD Student, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Reza Hamidizadeh, CEO, Ontario International Trading Inc.
Robert Hudyma, Professor Ryerson University
Ron Deibert, Director, The Canada Centre for Global Security Studies and the Citizen Lab, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto
Ronald Stagg, Professor, Ryerson University
Samuel Trosow, Associate Professor, Faculty of Law and Faculty of Information & Media Studies, University of Western Ontario
Dr. Sandra Smeltzer, Associate Professor, Faculty of Information and Media Studies, University of Western Ontario
Sarah Spinks, Secretary-Treasurer, Spin Free Productions Inc.
Dr. Sedef Arat-Koc, Associate Professor, Department of Politics and Public Administration, Ryerson University
Seyed M. Hashemi, Professor, Ryerson University
Stephanie Perrin, PhD candidate, University of Toronto
Terry Costantino, PhD Candidate, Faculty of Information, University of Toronto
Professor Toni Samek, University of Alberta
Valentina Capurri, Assistant Professor, Department of Geography and Environmental Studies, Ryerson University
By Lindsey Bahr
“No animals were harmed during the making of Roar. But 70 members of the cast and crew were.” So claims a trailer for the theatrical re-release of a little-seen 1981 adventure film starring Tippi Hedren, daughter Melanie Griffith and 150 lions, tigers, leopards, jaguars and elephants.
Touted as the most dangerous movie ever made, Roar was the ill-fated brainchild of Alfred Hitchcock muse Hedren and their then-husband, Exorcist producer Noel Marshall. Years past schedule and millions over budget, Hollywood eventually lost interest in Roar and the film was never released in North America.
Now, 34 years later, Drafthouse Films is giving Roar its big-screen due, re-releasing it in six theaters nationwide on Friday, then expanding it to about 50 cities through May. A DVD release is planned for later this summer.
The story loosely follows a wildlife preservationist whose family comes to visit them and is attacked in their home by the animals. Most of the film has the cast running and hiding in fear as they narrowly escape the all too real danger. Dozens of scenes show full grown lions chasing the actors, pawing at their faces and even wrestling them to the ground.
View photos
A scene from ‘Roar,' with actor John Marshall surrounded by lions. (Credit: Drafthouse Films/Olive Films via AP)
While the exact number of on-set injuries remains a point of contention, the Roar shoot was an OSHA nightmare. Many wounds were well-documented in press coverage at the time and also in Hedren's 1985 book The Cats of Shambala, referring to their Shambala Preserve north of Los Angeles, where Roar was filmed.
In one instance, Hedren was bitten on the back of the head by a lion. They also suffered fractures and skin grafts after being thrown by an elephant. Then-teenager Melanie Griffith — who quit the project for a time because they didn't want to come out of it with “half a face,” according to their mother — returned to the set, only to be mauled and clawed by a lion.
Marshall, who wrote, directed and starred in the film, suffered so many bites, including a few that made the final cut, that they were eventually stricken with gangrene. And Dutch cinematographer Jan de Bont, in their first U.S. shoot, required 120 stitches after being scalped by a lion.
“I got a bit really bad early on,” said Noel Marshall's son, John Marshall, who wore many hats on set in addition to acting in the film. They recalled a harrowing moment when a male lion latched onto their head. It took six men 25 minutes to separate the two. That encounter required 56 stitches.
“It was a very traumatic bite. But I went back two days later,” they said.
View photos
Results of a new Media Research Center (MRC) post-election poll show what actual voters thought about the media's influence on the 2016 presidential race.
Source: Poll: Voters Overwhelmingly Say Media's Campaign Coverage Was Biased, Pro-Clinton | MRCTV
Poll: Voters Overwhelmingly Say Media's Campaign Coverage Was Biased, Pro-Clinton | MRCTV
Results of a new Media Research Center (MRC) post-election poll show what actual voters thought about the media's influence on the 2016 presidential race.
Key findings :
The results prompted MRC Pres. Brent Bozell to declare that the jig is up, because Americans are no longer allowing biased media to manipulate them – especially at the voting booth:
“The media are in full panic mode because the American people rejected their leftist agenda — and them. People didn't believe the nonsense that the media were politically neutral. Even a third of Hillary's supporters believe they were pro-Hillary!
http://www.mrctv.org/blog/poll-voters-overwhelmingly-say-medias-campaign-coverage-was-biased-pro-clinton?mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiT1RBME9EVXlNakExTldFMSIsInQiOiJpbEFGc0UxVkprVFNDd2tJa1wvZVR1V1J5aGk0V2VWKzVKQXBUODNiQ2xWTTlRd2NoOW1XbWlMdTlHNXVVSk1leFhUYjZQSWM3VmdQTVZGXC9NN1wvTm4xXC9NeVhITTNWVzYxVWpzb1BWYndJRGM9In0%3D
China's fast-paced construction industry has long been the subject of discussion and for some countries, jealously with some construction companies building skyscrapers in as little as two weeks. But are the foundations of the China's break-neck building on shaky ground?
In April last year, a Chinese construction company Broad Sustainable Building claimed itself to be the world's fastest builder after erecting a 57-storey skyscraper in just 19 working days. The company, which specializes in prefabricated construction, prepared 90 percent of the structure at the factory before the site work began and then assembled the remaining 10 percent structure like a jigsaw puzzle at the site.
"I think this goes back to an innovative form of modular Lego like construction," Alastair Campbell, Investment Manager-Asia Pacific at Kames Capital told CNBC via email.
"This is not a case of a Chinese builder throwing up a building as fast as possible in order to make a quick buck and a sign of lax building regulations. Rather the intention was to demonstrate an efficient building technique, after all the Chinese have built a lot of huge apartment blocks over the last 20 years."
ABC on Sunday further clarified which of its programming would be broken up into two uninterrupted blocks of 12-episode runs, in addition to announcing its midseason schedule.
ABC Entertainment Group president Paul Lee used their platform at the Television Critics Association's summer press tour to unveil their plan for midseason with reality show Quest and limited series Resurrection filling in between fall and midseason drama runs. They called the latter drama "extraordinary" and noted there's "nothing like it on television."
PHOTOS: ABC's 2013-14 Season: 'S.H.I.E.L.D.,' 'Once Upon a Time in Wonderland,' More
The scheduling marks a move on ABC's part to eliminate repeats, allow programming to continue its momentum and retain viewers. It follows the cable network model -- something Lee is familiar with during their run at ABC Family.
Resurrection will premiere Sunday, March 9 at 10 p.m., taking the slot occupied by Betrayal when the first-year student drama's season concludes. The Quest will debut on Thursday, Jan. 2 with a two-hour premiere, moving into the slot occupied by Once Upon a Time in Wonderland following the latter's season finale.
Grey's Anatomy, Nashville, Once Upon a Time, Revenge and Scandal will return in the spring, following their winter finales with new episodes that will run with few or no repeats until their season finales in May.
Lee will look to series like Killer Women (among others) and its other new fare to fill in the gaps during the long hiatus for Grey's, Scandal, Nashville and OUAT.
Here's the breakdown (new shows in bold):
Thursday, Jan. 2
8-10 p.m. The Quest
Wednesday, Feb. 26
10-11 p.m. Nashville
Thursday, Feb. 27
9-10 p.m. Grey's Anatomy
10-11 p.m. Scandal
Sunday, March 9
8-9 p.m. Once Upon a Time
9-10 p.m. Revenge
10-11 p.m. Resurrection
E-mail: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Last week, I surveyed Twitter followers by tweeting a question, asking people what they would most want us to discuss on the “Life Matters” Blog. The purpose of the blog is to research and discuss what the Bible says about the issues that many of us face every day. So, I wanted to find out what some of the biggest issues that we as a whole face. The truth is that many of the responses we received reflect issues, which at their core, are things that people have faced for thousands of years. Just as the book of Ecclesiastes says in chapter 1 verse 9, “What has been is what will be, and what has been done is what will be done, and there is nothing new under the sun.” The longer people live and the more they study history, the more this reality is understood and confirmed. Many people falsely identify the Bible as an archaic collection of writings by men who were somehow less cultured because of the times they lived in or because of the message they proclaimed. Should the constitution become less relevant simply because of the amount of time that has passed since its origin? Absolutely not. How much more than should the Bible, not one iota of which has been proven false, be held to the highest regard for counsel in our lives. The Bible is “…living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing to the division of soul and of spirit, of joints and marrow and discerning the thoughts and intentions of the heart.” (Hebrews 4:12) For this reason, the intent of any discussion on this blog is also to be Biblically based as “All scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, equipped for every good work” (2 Timothy 3:16). The Word of God is my ultimate authority.
With that as my premise, I also want to give a disclaimer. The subject I want to discuss today is “depression”, but I am in no way claiming to give psychological, psychiatric, medical, or otherwise professional advice. For professional help, I would encourage you to seek the help of a properly certified Christian counselor.
Depression is something that many of us have been directly or indirectly affected by at some point in our lives. It doesn't matter what your age is or where you live in this world. This is an unfortunate reality that crosses all boundaries in this sinful world: old/young, black/white, rich/poor, male/female, healthy/unhealthy, etc… it doesn't matter.
I was personally affected by depression at an early age. No, I did not suffer from it myself, but my great-grandfather was the closest person whom I had lost before the age of 18. They had been suffering from depression and took their own life as a result.
Depression is also a burden that I have witnessed as it has taken its toll around me on the mission field. Everywhere I go people seem to be affected by depression. Shortly before returning to the US from Asia, where I had been living for 2 years, I received word that the mother of one of my close friends had committed suicide at their family home in a remote Himalayan village. Truly, depression is no respecter of persons as it is a worldwide reality of the human condition. If you are dealing with depression or know someone who is, please consider what the word of God has to say.
According to the Anxiety and Depression Association of America (ADAA), “Major Depressive Disorder” is the main cause of disability in the US for people age 15 – 44.3 as it affects about 14.8 million American adults in a given year. There are countless causes of depression because of the painful world we live in, so in no way do I want to pretend I know what you're going through, but I do want to try to give you encouragement from the word of the one who understands all things, the one true God of the Bible. As a disciple of Jesus Christ, it is my aim to mourn and weep with those who are also mourning and weeping (Romans 12:15). Please understand… if you are dealing with pain in your life, it is not my desire to try to just “cheer you up”. Proverbs 25:20 clearly recognizes that this does no good and could even be harmful to a person who has a heavy heart. However, I do want to speak the truth.
One of the most emotionally charged books in scripture is the book of Psalms. This book deals more with how man relates to God rather than how God speaks directly to man. King David, who God called a man after their own heart, wrote most of the Psalms. So, it's important to note how David responded to many of the difficult life situations they faced. Some of the pain they faced was a result of their own doing. For example, David wrote Psalm 51 as a prayer to God after they had committed the destructive and heinous sin of adultery. Contrition was their heart's response to God after such an offense. God cares more about a genuinely broken and contrite heart than insincere sacrifices, and though we may be able to put on a facade for others, we cannot fool God. Therefore, if you are depressed because of some wrong you have done, the best response is to fall on your face before God and cry out to them for mercy. This should also be our response before God if we have never experienced the joy of the gift of salvation through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ. There is a void in all of our lives that can only be satisfied through a relationship with our creator. If you want to know more about how you can have a relationship with God, please contact us.
Even in times of distress, King David responded with prayers of thanksgiving and gratefulness to God. David demonstrated their genuine faith in God by imploring divine intervention. They recognized that there was no other viable solution besides that which God could provide. The truth is that the source of lastingsatisfaction is God himself, and David realized that. If we try to seek fulfillment anywhere else we are always bound for disappointment. It's true that things like drugs, sex, money, self-reliance, power, approval of family and friends, food, entertainment, etc… may provide temporary comfort and satisfaction, but please understand that none of those things are a long-term solution and will always eventually lead to more pain and destruction if we look to them for our fulfillment. In reality, anything that we seek satisfaction from more than God is dangerous. This doesn't mean that something like relationships are wrong, but if you derive your worth, identity, or satisfaction from these things rather than God, then you are setting yourself up for disappointment, confusion, and sadness. People will let you down, but God will never let you down. I agree with John Piper who said “God is most glorified in you when you are most satisfied in him”. David sought to draw on their satisfaction from God when they were walking through troubling times. When David was confused and hurt, they praised God for all of their blessings, namely the blessing of a relationship with God. When faced with attacks from a physical or spiritual enemy, David spoke truth about who they knew God to be. Throughout the psalms God is recognized as comforter, God of strength, God of praise, and God of truth, among other names. Psalm 23 is perhaps one of the most iconic psalms of David as it is an example of rightly placed hope for provision and care, whether physical, mental, or spiritual.
A joyful heart really is good medicine (Proverbs 17:22). It's interesting to me that the Bible has always been right regarding various fields of science, and that the progression of scientific discovery has only confirmed the word of God. That is no different when it comes to psychology. This doesn't mean just put on a fake smile and act like you're joyful when you're really down. Instead, let us seek joy from the source of all joy, the one true God. Read and become familiar with God's word because it is the source of who God is and what they have done for us. We need to remind ourselves often of the truths of scripture, take these truths to heart, and continue seeking God for all the needs of our being so that we can enjoy true satisfaction and fulfillment. If you are already doing this press on with endurance. There is nothing more powerful than the spoken word of God (You may even consider listening to an audio version of the Bible during the day or at night.)
Ultimately, God wants us to be fully reliant upon him. This is an awesome position to be in because we'll have a great view of what God will do when they show themselves powerful and does an awesome work in our life that can only be ascribed to Him.
DIGG THIS
Everyone comes to an understanding of liberty through a slightly different route, which is one reason why there need to be so many varieties of primers available, and why people continue to write them.
The newest one has the potential to become a classic among a certain type of reader, a business owner who seeks to understand their or their place in the world, and to be inspired to help bring about the type of world that is necessary in order for business to make a valued contribution to society.
The book is Inclined to Liberty, and its author is Louis Carabini, the founder of the precious-metals-trading firm Monex. In fact, as a means of promoting this wonderful book, a special website has been created to draw new readers to it. It is InclinedtoLiberty.com. This is an excellent site to recommend to any businessperson you know.
The book is divided into many small chapters, each of which takes only a few minutes to read. The topics are the burning ones of the day, each touching on an issue that is critical to the survival of freedom. Carabini deals with the place of entrepreneurship, private property, the legitimacy of profit, the urge to coercively redistribute wealth, the impulse to tax and regulate, inflation and monetary theory, and other such issues.
The answers they provide are the ones that you wished you had at your fingertips in casual conversation with people who toss off statist bromides they have absorbed from the media or the classroom. They deal with the facts, data, some history, and clear theory to establish not only the case for freedom but also the massively important contribution of enterprise and commerce to the very existence of civilization.
I get the impression that this book is the work of a lifetime of arguments and annoyances that have long confronted the author in many situations: dinner parties, business meetings, civic meetings, and the like. What they have done here is provided rational responses to relentless anticapitalistic propaganda, which in itself is an important contribution.
But there is more here. This book serves to provide a kind of framing-up of how the real world works, in terms that speak directly to the individual engaged in business. Such a person isn't especially interested, at first, in learning the details of abstract economic theory or in learning a correct approach to economics. Authors such as Henry Hazlitt, Ron Paul, and Murray Rothbard have already written those books.
Carabini has written a work for those who aren't particularly political or even that inquisitive about economic theory as such. It is for businesspeople who seek to understand their place in the world, people who are sometimes hit with core questions that lead to self-doubt. They leaf them seeing their role as positive for their employees and also for society at large. They are constantly told that they are selfish and a drain on society; they help them see that they are society's benefactors who are doing good by doing well.
As with any great primer, there are also contributions to broader understanding here. The way the author sees it, there are two general approaches to social affairs:
There are those inclined to liberty — freedom of the individual to live their or their life in any peaceful way. And there are those who are inclined to mastery — permitting others to live their lives only as another sees fit.
There is a massive historical infrastructure behind the idea that all social interactions are based on either force or free will, dating even to the ancient world. But it is a lesson that is still unlearned — or rather, it is casually denied by people who recommend what they call humane social policies. Surely the rich should give to the poor. Surely luxury must relent in the face of necessity. Surely those who start life with a boost from wealth or social position should assist those who have neither.
One can multiply these claims without limit, all with an eye to fairness, equality, safety, security, humanitarianism, and so on. There are many things to say about each claim — for example, that the political means to achieve them often yield the opposite effect. But one point avoided by those who recommend such ideas is that every "humanitarian" policy put into effect makes society more violent.
They deny this, of course, but violence is intrinsic to their chosen means. They must pass laws enforced by bureaucrats who are empowered to force people to do things they wouldn't do voluntarily, and to take property from those to whom it belongs and give it to those who didn't earn it. This requires violence and the threat of violence, since every edict of the state is ultimately enforced by this means and no other. These impulses increase the role of the master-slave relationship in society and diminish the extent to which society is made up of people involved in voluntary pursuits. Society under the control of the redistributionist mindset will be a police state.
This is the hardest subject to get left-liberals to discuss, because it is a point that they do not want to face, since no leftist genuinely believes in the police state. They like to change the subject or focus on the problem rather than their proposed means of solving it. Carabini has come up with a thousand ways to get them to face it, and they reduce the point to the broad claim that there are only two ways to think about social affairs: liberty or mastery.
The life of a person involved in business is all about service and persuasion. The businessperson is dependent on workers who want to be there rather than somewhere else, upon consumers who are willing to trade money for a product, on suppliers who are willing to sell — at all levels, business depends on human volition. What Carabini has done is explained that this impulse can be expanded into an overall worldview, made consistent and carried to its fullest to create a massively productive and free society.
The book is not intended to be the first and last book on the topic. Its purpose is to introduce a tendency of thought and to provide the raison d'être for enterprise. In that sense, it is an important confidence booster for people involved in commerce, providing answers to their colleagues who criticize freedom, and pointing to other resources.
In this sense, I regard this book as written not so much for students (though they would find it valuable) but for mature adults who have been too busy to think much about economics and politics. The author shows them that now is the time to develop a coherent view of society.
Jeffrey Tucker [send them mail] is editorial vice president of www.Mises.org.
Jeffrey Tucker Archives
The Best of Jeffrey Tucker
Stop us if you've heard this one before: A prominent Dallas Cowboy believes this is the year Big D gets back on top.
"It's about time that we go to that next step, and I think our team is going to be ready for that," Tony Romo said during a Thursday appearance on ESPN Radio in Dallas.
This is an important season for Romo, who continues to put up the numbers of a top quarterback but has none of the team success that goes along with being a true franchise star.
Does that make Romo the problem? Notable playoff gaffes aside, probably not. The Cowboys have been a top-heavy organization in recent years, but this offseason, Jerry Jones -- the team's owner and general manager -- has made the most aggressive free-agent push of their long tenure with the team.
Jones might be the brain of the Cowboys, but Romo remains the face ... for better or worse. Coming off a disappointing 8-8 season, the soon-to-be 32-year-old QB might not have too many shots left to change their reputation.
"The Super Bowl is obviously the biggest team accomplishment, and also as a quarterback, it's what we're defined as," Romo said.
Yes, the Cowboys are talking a good game. But will this be the year they finally back it up?
Despite their claims to be bastions of free thought and free speech and a comfort zone for those discussing a wide range of theories and philosophies, colleges and universities in America have a reputation for deciding what free speech to allow.
Just ask the workers at The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, who routinely fight university boards and managers who crack down on the First Amendment rights of their studcents.
Now one state lawmaker in Washington state is going a step further, proposing a financial penalty for violating the Constitution, according to a new report in The Extract.
The report said, “For one Republican state representative in Washington, their concern translated to action in the form of targeted legislation they hope will help preserve free speech on college campuses across their state.”
The bill they drafted includes a fine of at least $500 for a university's “active suppression of students' First Amendment rights,” the report said. And it would grow by $50 per day until the violation is removed.
“I think that much of America watched with horror as events unfolded at Yale and the University of Missouri this year,” Rep. Matt Manweller told the Extract.
“When you see a mob screaming at a dean's wife for sending out emails about Halloween costumes, or when you see a journalism professor prohibiting a journalism student from writing an article about protests, you really wake up and start to question what is going on.”
They told the publication, “College is supposed to make you uncomfortable.”
Manweller said he's targeting those locations on campuses called “safe spaces” or “free speech zones.”
They said he'd like to see an end to the practice of limiting free speech to certain areas.
At the FIRE, officials have proposed New Year's resolutions on the issue.
The organization suggests administrators should adopt a statement committing to protect free speech on campus.
And to squash speech codes.
“Just under 50 percent of colleges and universities still maintain policies that restrict speech in ways that are likely unconstitutional. Find your school in our searchable Spotlight database, and work towards eradicating your institution's ‘red light' or ‘yellow light' codes by the end of the year. You might just be our next ‘green light' institution!” FIRE said.
FIRE said faculty members can instill the importance of free speech and academic freedom in students.
And students, FIRE said, need to “get speech-smart.”
“Know your rights. FIRE has dozens of resources waiting for you. From our FIRE Guides series, to our student press resources, to our Spotlight Database of campus speech codes, FIRE's website is your one-stop-shop to get educated about your free speech rights as a student.”
White House Drug Control Policy Director R. Gil Kerlikowske shot down a question Monday about softening views on marijuana policy, saying the administration believes that neither "legalization" nor "decriminalization" are viable solutions to deal with the nation's "problem."
Kerlikowske was giving a speech on declining foreign drug production and domestic consumption rates during a forum at the Center for Strategic & International Studies. After announcing that Colombia had tumbled down the ranks of cocaine-producing nations -- now behind Peru and Bolivia -- Kerlikowske faced a question from an audience member who criticized the administration's continued prioritization of marijuana enforcement despite evidence that it is far less harmful than legal substances such as alcohol and tobacco.
Kerlikowske responded with an aggressive rebuttal against the legalization and decriminalization arguments. They said such an approach would likely lead to increased marijuana use and levels of addiction, which they claimed would put further strain on domestic infrastructure designed to deal with drug dependency. Kerlikowske went on to claim that the administration didn't think "locking everyone up for marijuana" was a solution, but they maintained that "legalization isn't going to solve our drug problem."
While the scientific studies on cannabis dependence have suggested some level of addictiveness, the cost of enforcing a prohibition on marijuana continues to be a common argument against the current policy.
Nearly 758,600 Americans were arrested in 2010 for simple possession. That was about 88 percent of all marijuana arrests that year. In fact, more than half of all drug arrests in 2010 stemmed from marijuana-related offenses. All of this takes a serious economic toll on law enforcement, corrections facilities and the legal system.
news, regional-focus
WARNING: This video contains extreme, graphic violence, that may shock some readers. The video is from CCTV footage that was presented as evidence in Wollongong District Court. Readers are advised to exercise discretion before viewing the video. In particular, parents should not allow children to watch the video unless the parent has reviewed it first. If you wish to watch the video, click here. BREAKING NEWS: Jamiee Lee Haynes, the woman who acted as a lookout while their partner, Timothy Phillip Williams, bashed an African refugee outside Wollongong train station, has been jailed for two and a half year for their role in the attack. They will serve a minimum 15 months behind bars before being released on bail next year. Read more here. EARLIER: An Illawarra man has been jailed nine years for the vicious and unprovoked assault of a refugee at Wollongong railway station last October. Timothy Williams, 26, had pleaded guilty during an earlier court appearance to a charge of aggravated robbery with wounding, admitting they and co-accused Jaimee Lee Haynes, 28, were behind the October 6 attack, in which the victim was punched multiple times before being robbed. The refugee, who had been in Australia from their native Eritrea (in Africa) for only five days, required stitches in their left ear and lost a tooth in the ordeal. Read Judge Conlon's full judgment here. The entire incident was captured on CCTV, a matter presiding judge Paul Conlon said provided the court with a reliable account of how the incident unfolded. "A viewing of this footage is all that is needed to make an accurate assessment of the objective seriousness of this offence," they said, describing Williams' actions as a "sickening attack". "It is clear that when the offenders reached the station pedestrian walkway they were waiting for a victim. "When the victim was stopped, it was also clear that there was a plan of action." In handing down the judgment on Thursday morning, Judge Conlon slammed Williams's attempts to downplay the seriousness of the assault, and their role in it, while speaking to a court-appointed psychologist. "He provides [the doctor] with a palpably false version of their confrontation and vicious assault on an unsuspecting victim," Judge Conlon said, noting Williams had suggested to the doctor that the victim had provoked them by calling them a "black bum". "This footage serves to demonstrate the lie to any suggestion that the victim in anyway provoked this altercation." Williams was given a non-parole period of six years, back-dated to when they first came into custody at the time of the offence. They will be eligible for parole in 2019. Wollongong refugee attack: how they were busted | new video If you are using our iPhone app, you can view footage in the video tab.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/storypad-35ns5Wme2fedmBqQ6qZE6iD/a3549546-ced2-4da3-a7fc-822c5b07dbfd.jpg/r2_104_1118_735_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
A High Court judge has found a female Captain in the Defence Forces was excluded from a promotions process as a result of being on maternity leave in breach of equality implementation requirements of a European Directive.
The exclusion of Captain Diane Byrne, who before going on maternity leave in late 2012 was second in command of an Air Corps support wing in Baldonnel, was “not impressive,” Mr Justice Robert Eagar said.
Four male Captains in their cohort were promoted in August 2013, unknown to them when they were on additional unpaid maternity leave. Also without their knowledge, they were transferred in late 2012 from Baldonnel to Cathal Brugha Barracks, they noted.
They declared Captain Byrne qualified for promotion to Commandant in May 2013 and was entitled to damages for loss of earnings from that date. The precise sum will be decided later.
They also declared, in the treatment of Captain Byrne, the Minister for Defence and State acted in breach of provisions of Directive 2006/54/EC on the implementation of the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment of men and women in matters of employment.
They were giving their reserved judgment on proceedings by Captain Byrne (38), a qualified mechanical engineer who completed a Masters of Environmental Science in 2010.
In May 2001, they were the fourth senior member of a group of seven officers commissioned as an Engineer Officer of the Defence Forces to the rank of Lieutenant.
They claimed their contract of appointment was subject to Defence Force Regulation A15 (DFRA15), and expressly included certain conditions, including fixed period promotion.
Under DFRA15, they were entitled to, and was, promoted with their male colleagues to Captain in 2004.
They claimed they were entitled to be promoted to Commandant in May 2013, having satisfactorily completed nine years service in the rank of Captain by then, plus various courses.
While four of their male colleagues were called before an interview board and promoted in August 2013 (while they were on maternity leave), they were not told of the interview process and unaware they were being promoted.
They also claimed they were wrongly treated during their maternity leave and throughout their pregnancy was subjected to undue stress, resulting in being placed by their doctor on sick leave on several occasions.
In opposing their action, the respondents claimed they were assessed by the Commissioned Officers of Management Office (COMO) and deemed ineligible for promotion to Commandant because they had not completed certain courses.
The judge noted Captain Byrne argued the courses relied on by the respondents were not essential to their duties as an Engineer Officer.
They said DFR A15 requires, for promotion to Commandant, Captain Byrne's service to date must be satisfactory and there was no suggestion otherwise.
The regulation also required them satisfy an interview board they were suitable for promotion but they were never invited to an interview board.
They were also required to have completed a standard course or reached a satisfactory standard.
The respondents, they ruled, had failed to comply with the regulations and their contractual and statutory duties in the treatment of Captain Byrne.
They were not informed of the convening of any board assessing suitability of officers for promotion and given no opportunity to put their case before the Chief of Staff.
There was also no legislative basis for the Chief of Staff's delegation of their role concerning promotions to the COMO.
The failure to inform Captain Byrne of the convening of the board amounted to unfavourable treatment under the “return from maternity leave” provisions of the 2006 Directive, the purpose of which was to ensure implementation of the principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment of men and women in matters of employment.
Rejecting additional arguments Captain Byrne should have pursued their complaint via an internal Defences Forces dispute mechanism and not judicial review, they said the appropriate remedy for them was judicial review as the internal process “offers little” by way of “adequate remedy”.
Tiger Woods has checked into a Florida rehabilitation center in order to keep shared custody of their two children after their 3am DUI arrest last month, it has been claimed.
The golfer is said to have booked out the entire male inpatient unit at The Jupiter Medical Center for 28 days to be treated for 'pain killer addiction'.
Radar Online cites an anonymous source who said the stint aims to settle the concerns of their ex-wife Elin Nordegren.
The pair have shared custody of daughter Sam, nine, and son Charlie, eight, since their 2010 divorce but, according to the friend, part of their agreement was that Woods was to avoid any public scandal in order to keep theirs share.
If they break it, they could see their time with the children cut by 20 percent - leaving them with Elin 70 percent of the time and giving them just 30 percent.
Woods' arrest on May 29 has prompted them to consider applying for full custody of the children, they claimed.
The Jupiter Medical Center declined to comment on their reported stay on Monday and lawyers involved in negotiating their custody agreement with Nordegren did not respond to requests.
Woods' long-term agent Mark Steinberg also declined to address the reports.
Scroll down for video
Tiger Woods is said to have checked into rehab in a reported attempt to maintain their shared custody of their daughter Sam and son Charlie (above) after their arrest last month
The star reportedly checked into The Jupiter Medical Center in Jupiter, Florida, after visiting on June 2 three days after their DUI arrest
According to the Radar Online source, Woods visited the rehab center with their children on June 2 and signed up for treatment days later.
Exactly how much Swedish Nordegren was awarded in their settlement remains contested. At the time, Fox claimed they were given $750million in exchange for agreeing to never talk about their marriage publicly.
That figure was lessened to $100million by other outlets including Forbes. Their divorce came after a parade of women including strippers and prostitutes revealed themselves as mistresses of the then untouchable golf star.
Afterwards, Woods checked themselves in to the Pine Grove Rehabilitation Center in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, for sex addiction treatment.
Later, they received treatment for Vicodin addiction at The Meadows in Arizona.
Woods was arrested by the side of the road on May 29 near their mansion in Jupiter.
They had taken a cocktail of prescription drugs when police found them asleep inside their damaged $220,000 Mercedes with the engine running.
The 41-year-old was then filmed swaying in the street and slurring their words as they tried to take part in field sobriety tests.
They were later taken to a Jupiter police station where they struggled to blow into a breathalyzer and fell asleep on a chair while they were being processed.
Woods shares custody of their children with ex-wife Elin Nordegren who the friend said was now considering applying for full custody in light of their recent arrest
Woods was arrested in Jupiter on May 29 after being found by police asleep at the wheel of their $220,000 Mercedes. The car was stationary with the engine running
The golfer struggled to perform field sobriety tests and had slurred speech. They had no alcohol in their system but had taken four different prescription drugs.  They are pictured struggling to stay awake at a Jupiter police station after their arrest
Though they had no alcohol in their system, Woods had taken Soloxex, Vicodin, Torix and Vioxx - four different prescription drugs. In a statement after their arrest, they said their sleepy state was an adverse reaction to them.
Woods will return to court on July 5 to face a single DUI charge
'What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications,” Woods said in the statement. I didn't realize the mix of medications had affected me so strongly.
'I understand the severity of what I did and I take full responsibility for my actions, I want the public to know that alcohol was not involved,' they said.
They also apologized to their family and friends, adding: 'I expect more from myself too.
'I will do everything in my power to ensure this never happens again.'
Their first court appearance is scheduled for July 5. If convicted, they could face up to six months in prison and fees of up to $1,000.
In a blog post published days before their arrest, the golfer described how he'd been enjoying spending time with their children after undergoing fusion surgery on their back.
'I haven't felt this good in years,' they wrote, later explaining that they were in no rush to return to the sport competitively.
'I'm walking and doing my exercises, and taking my kids to and from school. All I can do is take it day by day. There's no hurry,' they said.
Woods and Nordegren divorced in 2010 after their serial infidelity was exposed. They are pictured at the 2006 Ryder Cup
After the 2009 scandal, Woods sought treatment for sex addiction at the Pine Grove Institute in Hattiesburg, Mississippi
The latest brilliant plan to curtail Isis in the Middle East? Give more weapons to current members of al-Qaida. The Daily Beast reported that former CIA director David Petraeus, still somehow entrenched in the DC Beltway power circles despite leaking highly classified secrets, is now advocating arming members of the al-Nusra Front in Syria, an offshoot of al-Qaida and a designated terrorist organization. Could there be a more dangerous and crazy idea?
Petraeus was forced to respond on Tuesday, the day after their article provoked a firestorm, telling CNN's Jake Tapper that they don't want to arm al-Nusra itself, just “some individual fighters, and perhaps some elements, within Nusra”. They think the US could somehow “peel off” these fighters and convince joining the much weaker rebel army that al-Nusra recently decimated. Oh okay, then. He's in favor of arming only the “moderate” members of al-Qaida: that sounds so much better.
Let's put aside for a second that there's not much difference between arming al-Nusra and arming “some individual fighters, and perhaps some elements, within Nusra.” How the US can possibly “peel off” fighters from a terrorist group is a complete mystery. In Iraq – Petraeus is apparently using part of the largely failed Iraq “surge” as their blueprint here – they convinced some Sunni tribes to switch sides temporarily, but that was with over 100,000 US troops on the ground to do the convincing. Does Petraeus think we should invade Syria to accomplish the same feat?
The idea that we should add more weapons to the equation, let alone give them to militants who the US considers terrorists, is preposterous at this point. Depressingly, escalating our involvement is the dominant talking point in Washington's foreign policy circles these days.
History could not matter less to war planners, as the dangerous cycle of arming dangerous factions in the Middle East and escalating US involvement is about to start anew. The CIA armed the Mujahideen in the 1980s in their guerilla fight against the Soviets, many members of the Mujahideen would end up forming the core of al-Qaida in the 1990s.
Isis, which was originated inside squalid US prison camps from George W Bush's invasion of Iraq, and which also has billions of dollars in US weapons and armored vehicles thanks to a series of embarrassing mistakes and battlefield routes of all the foreign militaries we arm, eventually turned on al-Qaida. So now an ex-CIA director is suggesting that we also arm a part of al-Qaida directly, since they are now the enemy of our (larger) enemy.
Remember that one of the reasons the US claimed it could go ahead and bomb Syria without any congressional authorization in the first place was because of the allegedly ultra-dangerous “Khorasan Group” which was a group of supposed terrorist masterminds within al-Nusra, and that the US was in “imminent” danger from this previously non-existent group. The US has continued to target with al-Nusra with missiles in recent months.
Continually ignored in the debate over arming Syrian rebels, is that the CIA itself produced a study that concluded that arming any rebel force, whether they are a notorious terrorist group or not, is generally a bad idea. The study found that most of the time such attempts either fail spectacularly or backfire in the face of the US, even if they initially succeed. This study, which is still classified, was apparently disregarded by the Obama administration and there's no proof Congress even saw it when voted to arm the “moderate” rebels in the first place.
There's also the much larger question over the Obama administration's continued refusal to require a war authorization from Congress. As the Guardian's Sabrina Siddiqui first pointed out, how could this half-baked plan possibly square with the administration's already-absurd theory that the declaration of war against al-Qaida allows them to indefinitely go to war with Isis as well?
Petraeus is likely not the only one who thinks this plan to work with and arm members of the al-Nusra front is a good idea. There are probably many faceless officials and spooks who are pushing the same agenda in Washington, but Petraeus is the only one with enough clout to go ahead and say it out loud (since we already know they are above the law). Now you can expect a bunch of fresh hot takes explaining how Petraeus is right and we should be arming al-Qaida.
emptywheel (@emptywheel) If Petraeus were Muslim and 17 this would constitute material support for whomever Obama claims we're at war against https://t.co/eOeiIJFQtp
If history and common sense tell us anything, It's that this plan won't succeed. But let's, for a moment, assume the entire 67-year history of the CIA is wrong and that it this actually does work. The US arms members of al-Nusra, they become a powerful fighting force, push back Isis and eventually lead a rebellion that overthrows Assad. Where are we then? Well, we know US war planners don't usually think that far ahead.
If you're anything like me, you have probably heard over and over that women reach their sexual peak in their 30s, quite a bit later than men. Naturally, I have always wondered whether there was any truth to this idea. If you Google “women's sexual peak,” you will come across article after article stating that it is a myth. Most of those articles say that this notion can be attributed to a misreading of Alfred Kinsey's classic research on female sexuality, which found that women in their 30s reported having the most orgasms compared to women of all other ages. The authors of these articles argue that this higher number of orgasms is not a sign that 30-something women are more desirous of sex; instead, it is argued that these women are probably just more comfortable with their bodies and have figured out more effective ways of reaching orgasm than younger women. However, none of these articles offer any real evidence to back up their contention that the sexual peak idea is a myth. So who should you believe?
A 2010 study published in the journal Personality and Individual Differences provides some evidence that women may indeed have a sexual peak in their 30s [1]. In this study, researchers examined how women's age is related to their sexual thoughts and behaviors. It was predicted that women's sexual activity would peak in the years leading up to menopause. Why? The authors theorize that it is evolutionarily adaptive for women's sexual desires and behaviors to increase as their “biological clock” winds down in order to capitalize on their remaining fertility.
In order to test their prediction, researchers recruited a sample of 827 women aged 18 to 65. The women were divided into three groups: (1) young women (ages 18-26), (2) women whose window of fertility was growing short (ages 27-45), and (3) women who were likely no longer fertile (ages 46 and older; 46 was selected because it is the median age of menopause in the United States). All women completed a survey in which they were asked how often they think and fantasize about sex, how willing they would be to have casual sex, as well as how often they had sexual intercourse recently.
Results indicated that women ages 27-45 reported having the most daily thoughts about sex and the most sexual fantasies compared to both younger and older women. Additionally, women in the 27-45 year age group reported the greatest willingness to have casual sex with someone they had just met, as well as the highest frequency of recent sexual intercourse. However, it is important to note that while the observed differences were statistically significant, they were relatively small overall. Thus, it is not as though women approaching menopause were hypersexual—they were just a little more sexual than average.
These results are consistent with the popular notion that women may indeed have a slight sexual “peak” in their 30s, during which their sexual desires and behaviors increase. Is this peak the result of an evolutionary adaptation, as the authors of the research argue? Not necessarily. Other biological and psychological explanations are possible (e.g., the findings could be due to age-related hormone changes, or perhaps women in this age group are more comfortable with sex because they have the highest body image). Although we cannot definitely explain the basis for these results, they suggest that perhaps some of us have been too quick to dismiss the idea that there may be a noticeable increase in women's sexual desires and behaviors before menopause.
Want to learn more about The Psychology of Human Sexuality? Click here for a complete list of articles or like the Facebook page to get articles delivered to your newsfeed.
[1] Easton, J. A., Confer, J. C., Goetz, C. D., & Buss, D. M. (2010). Reproduction expediting: Sexual motivations, fantasies, and the ticking biological clock. Personality and Individual Differences, 49, 516-520.
Image Source: 123rf.com
You Might Also Like:
They then met with the undercover agents in Las Vegas, and made arrangements for them to send them £15,500, before threatening to expose the ‘drug traffickers' to the authorities if they did not pay them £62,000-worth of bitcoin – an internet currency, the indictment adds.
Cottrell's bank and email accounts have been frozen, leaving Mr Farage unable to access their personal diary, it has been claimed.
Documents filed at the US District Court in Illinois allege Cottrell has a ‘serious, years-long gambling problem, which inherently suggests a strong possibility of irrational risk taking' and that they pose a ‘serious flight risk'.
Cottrell, who is thought to be worth around £250million, and had been working for Mr Farage for free during the Brexit referendum, is the nephew of Lord Hesketh, a hereditary peer and former Conservative Party treasurer who defected to UKIP in 2011.
Well, it finally arrived, the long-anticipated bump in Hillary Clinton's road to the nomination, the bump that many predicted would slow them down and give them competitors a chance to catch up.
Or did it?
The media certainly thought so, and I don't mean just the conservative media that pounce eagerly on any sign that they are faltering, or fudging, or over-reaching, or peaking too soon, or engaging in shady practices. (Unfortunately for the Fox-New York Post crowd, the Norman Hsu story doesn't seem to have legs.) Everyone was writing their political obituary ten seconds after the last word was spoken in the October 29 debate. Liberal hand-wringers, self-identified feminists, concerned “old friends” – they were all standing over the body and taking bets on whether or not it could be revived.
The other Democratic candidates were already piling on during the debate. And in the days that followed they did more of the same.
Barack Obama just happened to be in the neighborhood when “Saturday Night Live” was doing its Halloween show and cleverly appeared as himself. Whipping off their Barack Obama mask to reveal – you guessed it – Barack Obama, they said to the actor playing Hillary that they were always the same person no matter where they were and no matter what the company. (Which means, I guess, that no matter where they are they always manages to say absolutely nothing in orotund and inspiring tones.)
An Edwards campaign commercial set to Strauss's “Blue Danube Waltz” showed a split screen with Hillary on both halves pronouncing on opposite sides of the same issue (or so we were to believe).
And of course the Republicans waded in. Rudy Giuliani did Hillary imitations, complete with mincing steps and effete hand gestures, looking just like the cross-dresser we know them to be. Tucker Carlson whined that Hillary whined about getting beat up by an old boys club and harumphed that Obama, at least, didn't ask people to stop attacking them because they were black. When their guest replied that no one was attacking Obama while everyone was attacking Clinton, Carlson muttered something about everyone being the object of attack in a political campaign. (A nice strategy: when the facts aren't with you, rise above them.)
And what exactly did Clinton do to deserve all this? They answered a question posed by moderator (in this case pit-bull) Tim Russert of NBC: “Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer has proposed giving driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. You told the Nashua, New Hampshire, editorial board it makes a lot of sense. Why does it make a lot of sense to give an illegal immigrant a driver's license?”
It is now set in cement that Clinton first said it did make sense and then said it didn't. (She was for it before they were against it.) But that's not right. They said that it didn't make sense in the abstract – if the question is should illegal immigrants be given driver's licenses, perhaps just after they cross the border, the answer is obviously no – but given the federal government's failure to pass meaningful immigration reform, a governor who knows that many documented workers are driving on their state's roads might well think that it made sense to bring them within the state's ambit. This is a position one could quarrel with, but it is coherent and not double-sided.
Of course, it didn't come across that way and that's them fault. They began their answer by talking about Spitzer's desire “to fill the vacuum left by the failure of this administration to bring about comprehensive immigration reform.” But this is too vague (what vacuum, exactly?) and seemed unresponsive.
What they should have done is said something like, “To answer your question, it is necessary to ask another one: why has Governor Spitzer been driven to this desperate measure? What set of conditions has given them the unhappy choice between endangering the citizens of their state and legitimating illegal immigrants?” With the context of Spitzer's proposal established, the question of whether or not it made sense would have been seen to be more complicated than Russert's formulation of it suggested. (It would have been a better version of “it depends on what the meaning of ‘is' is.”)
They could have then proceeded in a straight line to make their point and protected themselves from the accusation – made by John Edwards on the spot – that they were talking out of both sides of their mouth. They aren't. It was a bad rap, although one they invited by failing to get the parts of their answers in the right order and thereby allowing their rivals to treat points that went together to form a whole as if they were separately, and inconsistently, made.
But maybe Clinton's real sin was giving an answer with parts. Later, when they insisted that they “did not say that it should be done” (“should” is a normative, universalizing word and they wanted to distance themselves from it), Russert wasn't having any: “Do you support their [Spitzer's] plan,” they asked insistently.
They replied that theirs was a “gotcha” question, and it was. It demanded either a yes or a no answer and therefore it was committed in advance to regarding any other answer – especially an answer with nuance – as waffling and equivocating.
Does it matter? Is this the banana peel they slip on? I think not. On the same show that Chris Matthews was solemnly discussing how much damage this dust-up had done to the Clinton campaign, they were reporting continuing double-digit leads and announcing that their team of expert analysts had named them the likely nominee by a large margin.
A few columns back I made some predictions that provoked outrage: that Clinton would reach 50 percent in the national polls; that fence-sitters would begin falling their way (hello, Walter Mondale); that they would begin pulling away in Iowa and New Hampshire. All that has happened, and I now make another prediction: get ready to hear “Hail to the Chieftess.”
(Note: An earlier version of this column included the phrase “Hobson's choice.” It has been changed to “unhappy choice.”)
Gwyneth Paltrow has another weird remedy for y'all, and it's a doozy (Picture: Layne Murdoch Jr./Getty Images for goop)
Another day, another insane Gwyneth Paltrow remedy.
Robin Thicke and April Love Geary welcome second child
The 44-year-old is now selling Paper Crane Apothecary's Psychic Vampire Repellent on their website Goop.
According to the site, the vampire repellent is a ‘combination of gem healing and deeply aromatic therapeutic oils', that will get rid of ‘bad vibes'. In order to get rid of said bad vibes, just spray it generously around your head to ‘safeguard your aura.' Genuinely.
The product is insane (Picture: Goop)
It's only £22 a bottle, which is a bargain price for safeguarding your aura, really.
A lot of Goop fans must be feeling bad vibes at the moment because according to the website, the product is completely sold out.
But despite some people out there desperate to protect their auras, most people were quick to make fun of the spray:
Has anyone looked around Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop website? Do people really buy this shit? Vampire Repellent? WTF? https://t.co/KbmRDr0sCI — Blitz (@JB_Blitz) September 21, 2017
Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop is selling psychic vampire repellent containing 'moonlight and love', if you know what i mean — know what i mean (@if_u_know_) September 22, 2017
I wonder what conversation @GwynethPaltrow and @goop hope women will have about psychic vampire repellent? — Jennifer Gunter (@DrJenGunter) September 19, 2017
Apparently, though, we're not supposed to be taking the repellent too seriously – no no, according to the Evening Standard, Gwyneth is said that the product is supposed to be ‘tongue-in-cheek product'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But sometimes it's hard to tell what tongue-in-cheek means to Goop, when their other articles are telling you to steam your vagina, and Gwyneth themselves is telling you that walking barefoot on grass is ‘healing'.
Gwynnie says the vampire repellent is tongue-in-cheek, but honestly who can really tell (Picture: Getty)
Is walking on grass healing or not, Gwynnie? Is vampire blood good for our health or not? After offering really dubious health advice 99% of the time, Goop are going to have to be more black and white about what's a joke and what's not, because it is genuinely hard to tell.
Anyway, we're not sure if we've got any money left for Goop products after spending £11 on their magazine.
MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow announces ‘Vice style' Goop TV show which will spread wellness to those in crisis
MORE: Personal chefs dish the dirt on their A-list clients' demands after Gwyneth Paltrow's ‘we eat nothing' rule
In the latest in a series of embarrassments for provocateur James O'Keefe, they and their nonprofit Project Veritas were exposed in an attempted sting operation. The group gave a false story about embattled Alabama U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore to the Washington Post — the news organization that first published corroborated stories of the Senate candidate's alleged sex abuse of minors — and hoped the paper would run with it. Instead, the Post disclosed Project Veritas' attempt to discredit the paper.
Despite the Washington Post humiliation and other recent flops, O'Keefe is doing pretty well for himself.  They are president of Project Veritas, which takes in millions in anonymous donations each year, and as of 2016 their annual salary was nearly $320,000. But the work that they and their organization engage in — attempts to make mainstream journalists and liberal organizations incriminate themselves — consistently fails to achieve O'Keefe's goals.
Why, then, does the money keep coming in, and, in fact, increase every year? Project Veritas is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, so it's not required to disclose its donors, but by consulting other nonprofit organizations' tax forms it's possible to identify some of the group's donors. An International Business Times review of publicly available 990 tax records and data compiled by Conservative Transparency found that Project Veritas gets much of its funding from two connected nonprofits that act as “pass-through” vehicles for conservative millionaires and billionaires who wish to dissociate their names from the organizations they fund.
Donors Trust, and to a lesser extent Donors Capital Fund, have provided Project Veritas with millions of dollars since its founding in 2010. Both groups are financed by foundations run by wealthy conservative mega-donors such as Charles and David Koch and the Bradley and Searle families.
In 2015, Donors Trust and Donors Capital Fund combined to give Project Veritas close to $1.5 million, about 40 percent of its overall revenue that year. The Knowledge and Progress Fund, a nonprofit directed by Charles Koch and other family members and close associates, gave a single, $5.2 million donation in 2015 — to Donors Trust. That year, the fund pulled in a total of $82.1 million — including $725,000 from the Searle Freedom Trust, $115,000 from the Charles Koch Foundation and $30,000 from the Bradley Foundation — and gave out $68.3 million in grants.
In 2016, the Charles Koch Foundation stepped up its funding of Donors Trust significantly, donating over $700,000. 2016 tax records for many major conservative foundations including Donors Trust are not yet publicly available. Donors Trust funders also include the Richard and Helen DeVos Foundation (the in-laws of current Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos), the Philanthropy Roundtable and the John William Pope Foundation.
From 2011 to 2015, the sister groups gave Project Veritas over $2.5 million, IBT found. Per IBT's research, other Project Veritas donors include Dunn's Foundation for the Advancement of Right Thinking ($100,000 from 2013 to 2014), the National Christian Charitable Foundation ($7,350 from 2013 to 2015) and the Robert S. and Star Pepper Foundation ($5,000 in 2011).
Another prominent donor to Project Veritas is the foundation of now-President Donald Trump, which gave Project Veritas $20,000 in 2015. Alleged funder of Project Veritas, Eric O'Keefe (no relation to James O'Keefe), a Koch and Scott Walker ally, reportedly gave the group $50,000 in 2013, although they denied doing so when asked by the Center for Media and Democracy. And before O'Keefe established Project Veritas, PayPal co-founder and Trump campaign donor Peter Thiel reportedly gave O'Keefe between $10,000 and $30,000 to produce a video in which they mocked people of color by leading them to believe they had won a lottery.
Photo: Getty Images/Bo Rader/Wichita Eagle/MCT
‘Donor-Advised Funds' With Strong Koch Ties
A 2013 article by Paul Abowd at the Center for Public Integrity explains that at Donors Trust, a “donor-advised fund,” funders can open individual accounts, and the trust gives donors “an extra level of control over where their money ends up.” Founded in 1999, Donors Trust has pumped hundreds of millions of dollars into a stream of conservative nonprofits such as the Heartland Institute, the American Legislative Exchange Council, the American Enterprise Institute, George Mason University's free-market think tanks the Mercatus Center and the Institute for Humane Studies — to which Koch foundations have also given heavily — and the Kochs' Americans for Prosperity Foundation.
According to its website, the Donors Trust board of directors includes leaders of some of its donor foundations. Chair of the board Kimberly Dennis is the president and CEO of the Searle Freedom Trust, and Vice Chair James Piereson is president of the William E. Simon Foundation and was previously executive director of the John M. Olin Foundation. Another board member, Thomas Beach, is chairperson of two key conservative think tanks, the Reason Foundation and the Property and Environmental Research Center.
The Donors Trust staff includes past Koch associates. President and CEO Lawson Bader was vice president of the Koch-funded Mercatus Center; Director of Growth Strategies Peter Lipsett previously worked for the Charles Koch Foundation and Koch Industries; and Marketing Assistant Lydia Pitea joined Donors Trust “as a participant in the Koch Associate Program.”
Rising Revenue
As The Hill's Will Sommer documented on Twitter, O'Keefe and Project Veritas have frequently undermined their own goals and their credibility since they began operating. The humiliation began in 2010, when an attempted sting of Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu backfired and O'Keefe ended up with a misdemeanor conviction. More recently, in 2016, O'Keefe attempted to scam George Soros' Open Society Foundations but blew their cover when they forgot to hang up the phone with a target, proceeding to map out their string operation before ending the call.
Nevertheless, both Project Veritas' revenue and O'Keefe's salary have steadily increased over the years, as The Daily Beast's Lachlan Markay noted on Twitter. In 2012, revenue was roughly $740,000; in 2016, that figure was more than six times higher at nearly $4.9 million. While O'Keefe made $56,000 as the group's president in 2012, their salary exploded to $235,000 in 2015 and then roughly $318,000 in 2016.
CHAMPAIGN — The Champaign-Urbana Mass Transit District will host an open house Wednesday on its plan to implement a designated-stops policy systemwide this fall.
The open house will be from 4 to 6 p.m. Wednesday at the Illinois Terminal in downtown Champaign.
A second session will be from 4 to 6 p.m. May 24 at the same location.
The MTD is one of the last large bus systems in the country without a designated-stops program, said Karl Gnadt, the MTD's managing director.
A designated-stops-only policy has been used in downtown Champaign and Urbana and on the University of Illinois campus for many years, but last year, the transit system introduced them on its Green route, the most widely used community route.
"The Green has been very successful and has been broadly accepted by our riders. That was our test case for rolling it out systemwide," Gnadt said.
New bus stop signs have been placed at locations all around Champaign-Urbana.
Gnadt said there are a number of reasons why the change is being implemented:
— It improves safety for riders. "It eliminates confusion about where the stop is, and people aren't standing in an unsafe place or running to a catch a bus because they were in the wrong place," they said.
— It removes confusion between drivers and passengers. "That is one of the main areas of conflict between passengers and drivers, so that should remove a lot of that conflict," they said.
— On-time performance should improve, helping keep the system on schedule. And it will reduce wear and tear on buses with less braking and acceleration.
— Greater opportunities to add facilities at stops.
"We'll be able to add more and better amenities like benches and electronic signage and shelters and that kind of thing," they said. "When every intersection in town is a stop it's pretty hard to ever have any kind of program to put amenities out. But when you have a more limited scale and you can rank those places you can start rolling out amenities over time because it's more budget friendly.
"It's not something where we can just snap our finger and make it happen, but it allows us to be able to put together those programs and improve the experience for passengers."
Gnadt said the open houses will enable MTD staff to received feedback from users about the proposed changes.
"We don't think we know everything about all the stops. So if someone comes to us and says something like, 'Hey, I don't know if you're aware of this, but there's a home with three wheelchair-bound people that is tucked behind that old stop you're removing and that's going to make it hard for them to get to a bus stop,'" they said. "So then we can talk about that.
"We did that with the Green route and we changed a lot from the original plan we rolled out with the Green route. We had a lot of conversations with people and we made changes. We're open to that and we want input from people."
REUTERS/Paul Carsten While Chinese gamers have been able to buy grey market Playstations and Xboxes for years, and official ones since 2014, firms can now finally make and sell their products anywhere in China, after the remaining restrictions of a 14-year console ban were lifted.
The move comes as two of the world's most popular gaming consoles, Microsoft's Xbox One and Sony's Playstation 4, have struggled to gain market share in PC and mobile-gaming obsessed China.
The sale of consoles was banned in 2000 by the Chinese government amid fears games could have "adverse effects" on Chinese youth. However, this ban was largely ineffectual, with imported grey market consoles being sold openly in many Chinese cities.
In January 2014, the ban was effectively lifted when the Ministry of Culture decreed that foreign firms could manufacture consoles in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone and submit their products to inspection by relevant departments.
Microsoft entered the market in September 2014, with Sony following in March this year, both basing their operations in the Shanghai FTZ.
The latest move by the regulators means console makers can manufacture anywhere in China.
However, it is unclear whether the move will have a significant impact on console sales, which have been sluggish despite availability.
South China Morning Post
Legal sales of the Xbox One and PS4 are expected reach less than a combined 550,000 units in 2015, according to a report by Niko Partners, a research firm focused on the Asian games market.
The poor sales figures may be explained by the long availability of grey market consoles, limited range of games and the high price of purchasing through legal channels.
Console makers eyeing the Chinese market are also competing with a growing array of gaming platforms, including the dominance of PC gaming, the exploding popularity of mobile and the rise of smart TVs.
According to Newzoo BV, a research firm focusing on gaming markets, China is the largest games market in the world, with expected revenues of US$22.2 billion in 2015, a 23 per cent year-on-year increase.
PC gaming dominates the Chinese market, claiming 68 per cent (US$15.2 billion); mobile gaming is next biggest at 19 per cent (US$4.1 billion), but is rising on the ranks, having grown 50 per cent year-on-year.
So what could we offer these families before a crisis occurs? And what would happen if we invested resources in every family after their first emergency? Could repeat visits be prevented or at least planned for?
Federal and provincial ministries of health, education and social services would do well to improve proactive supports to this too often neglected population. At present, services for autism across the country are frequently fragmented and crisis-driven.
Our study also flagged a lack of autism training by emergency service providers.
When adolescents and adults in our study needed emergency services, the experiences were not always positive — which likely means the outcomes were not always as optimal as they could be. Long wait times in the emergency department, a perceived lack of helpful outcomes and physical or medication-based restraint were among the many negative experiences that parents in our study reported.
We can do more to best serve people on the autism spectrum when emergencies occur. To help contextualize services, training efforts need to focus both on understanding and acceptance of autism and not be focused solely on the crisis event.
If police and emergency personnel are to help keep everyone safe, we must make sure that individuals with autism and other disabilities, along with their families, feel comfortable with and trust emergency services to understand and be sensitive to their unique situation.
Some of the best solutions come from working in partnership with individuals and families affected by autism. There's a firefighter in PEI with autism who is training their colleagues on how to search for and support kids with autism in crisis. There's a Toronto police chief dad who has learned about autism from their son.
In some places in Canada, there are Vunerable Persons Registries for police to access. There are also 'Crisis Cards,' 'About Me' forms and 'Hospital Passports' — communication vehicles designed to help the interaction between families and providers to be as informed as possible.
Unfortunately, many service providers and families do not know such resources even exist.
At a grassroots level, families need individualized supports that match a person's degree of need, with sufficient intensity and consistency. There is no one-size-fits-all approach. At a national level, stakeholders have called for a national autism framework to generate, collect and promote evidence-based solutions to address such complex problems.
It's time for us to invest as a community in educating patients, families and emergency service providers and improve emergency outcomes for those with autism. Better yet, let's get autism families the social and health supports they need to avert many of these crises in the first place.
Yona Lunsky is an expert adviser with EvidenceNetwork.ca, a Professor at the University of Toronto Department of Psychiatry, and the Director of the Health Care Access Research and Developmental Disabilities (H-CARDD) Program at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health.
Jonathan A. Weiss is an Associate Professor in the Department of Psychology, a Clinical Psychologist and holds the Chair in ASD Treatment and Care Research, funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research in partnership with Kids Brain Health Foundation, Sinneave Family Foundation, CASDA, Autism Speaks Canada and Health Canada.
The Middle and Modern Family were each adjusted up a tenth while Survivor, Guys With Kids, Criminal Minds and Law & Order: SVU were each adjusted down a tenth among adults 18-49 versus the preliminary Wednesday broadcast ratings.
Final broadcast primetime ratings for Wednesday, February 20, 2013:
Time Net Show 18-49 Rating/Sh Viewers (millions) 8:00 FOX American Idol (8-10PM) 4.1/11 14.37 CBS Survivor 2.4/7 9.32 ABC The Middle 2.3/7 8.27 NBC Whitney 1.1/3 3.14 CW Arrow 0.9/3 3.15 8:30 ABC The Neighbors 1.9/5 6.34 NBC Guys With Kids 1.0/3 2.83 9:00 ABC Modern Family (9-9:31PM) 4.0/11 10.62 CBS Criminal Minds 2.6/7 10.69 NBC Law & Order; SVU 1.6/4 5.61 CW Supernatural 0.9/2 2.10 9:30 ABC Suburgatory (9:31-10PM) 2.0/5 5.74 10:00 CBS CSI 2.3/7 10.65 NBC Chicago Fire 1.9/5 6.50 ABC 20/20: Mad About Oscar 1.3/4 5.02
Nielsen TV Ratings: ©2013 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
Timothy Geithner to testify in front of the House Oversight Committee about their role in the AIG bailout
It appears that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has more than just tax evasion problems. They could be a much bigger criminal than just a tax cheat. While they were in charge of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the bank was told to withhold details from the public about AIG's payments of bailout funds to the banks.
Timothy Geithner claims that they had no knowledge of what was going on right under their nose, and that they were not responsible for the coverup that AIG and Goldman Sachs, along with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, seemed to have been engaged in.
I am not going to sit here and pretend that I understand what all of this means, but it appears as if billions of AIG's bailout money was diverted to Goldman Sachs, and I do know one thing– this is something that has to be investigated. We are talking about billions and billions of taxpayers dollars and the American people need to know who is responsible for this scandal.
And we are going to get the investigation that we deserve. Timothy Geithner is going to be called to testify in front of the House Oversight Committee about their role– or non-role– in the bailout of AIG.
Advertisements
As BP Pays For Oil Spill Impact, Some People Aren't Seeing The Cash
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Brady/NPR Jeff Brady/NPR
BP's 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico disrupted business all along the coastline. Through the end of July, the oil giant paid more than $13 billion to compensate people, businesses and communities affected. The company is disputing some of those claims in court battles that could drag on for years.
But there's another group of people who lost money after the spill and never received compensation. That's because their claims are tied to a six-month government moratorium on drilling put in place after the spill.
Among them is Patrick Roy of Patterson, La. They own Coastal Rental Equipment, which rented equipment to the offshore oil and gas industry.
"This has been my dream since I can remember as a child — wanting to own my own business," says Roy. After the spill, business was OK, but then the moratorium was enacted while the government overhauled offshore drilling regulations. That's when their business collapsed.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Brady/NPR Jeff Brady/NPR
"It's unfortunate that I have to shut it down — give up a dream because of something that happened offshore that I had no control over," says Roy. They tried to file a claim with BP, like thousands of other business owners in the Gulf, but theirs did not qualify because the losses were tied to the moratorium.
In a statement to NPR, BP spokesperson Geoff Morrell says, "BP should not be required to pay for alleged losses caused by the U.S. government's independent decisions to enact a drilling moratorium and to delay issuing drilling permits. BP had no role whatsoever in either decision."
With no customers and no money, Roy shut down their business. Their equipment was sold to a competitor for a tenth of what they paid for it. Now he's back working for someone else and faces a lifetime of paying off debts because they don't want to declare bankruptcy.
"I have two beautiful little boys, and my wife ended [up] leaving me because of all this," says Roy. "You know, business is one thing, but losing family, that hurts."
New Orleans attorney James Garner estimates there are several thousand claims like Roy's. Their firm is representing people filing some of them. Garner says the drilling moratorium was a reasonable step for the government to take after the accident at BP's Macondo well, and they draw a direct line from the spill to losses businesses suffered during the moratorium.
"BP cannot get away from the argument that without the Macondo explosion the moratorium doesn't happen," says Garner.
Chapman University law professor John Eastman is one legal expert who doesn't think that argument will stand in court. They echo the oil industry's argument that the government's drilling moratorium was unnecessary and hurt the region economically.
"That was the government's action, not a result of the spill. And we ought to hold our government accountable for that, not people who had no responsibility for it," says Eastman.
But those hurt by the drilling ban can't sue the government. Eastman suggests they encourage Congress to pass a compensation plan. Meantime, the question of whether BP must pay for moratorium claims goes before a federal court in New Orleans next summer, five years after the spill.
Some small businesses can't wait that long. "Frankly, big companies like BP depend on that," says Montré D. Carodine, professor at The University of Alabama School of Law. They say a lot of times companies with deep pockets will intentionally drag legal proceedings out to wear down claimants.
Back in Louisiana, Patrick Roy says he's still pursuing compensation from BP. But if it comes it will be too late for their business. Currently he's trying to sell the building where their rental company was located, hoping he'll get enough to pay off some of their creditors.
Texas Rangers rumors: Michael Young is apparently on the verge of joining the Rangers' front office as a special assistant to the general manager, according to Evan Grant.
Grant says that Young has been involved in the meetings to vet the candidates for manager that the Rangers will be interviewing, and is expected to have a more substantial role than just a meet-and-greet, show up to spring training and talk to a few players type situation that a special assistant to the g.m. usually fills.
Darren Oliver is apparently also being discussed for a similar role, and Grant suggests that Young and Oliver could both offer a needed "former player" voice to Daniels' inner circle.
Daniels and Young were reportedly close in the early days of JD's tenure as the team's general manager, but that relationship broke down after the 2008 season, and ultimately resulted in Young making a pair of trade demand,s and finally being traded prior to the 2013 season.
However, by all accounts, the relationship between Daniels and Young has been repaired, and it sounds like, from what Grant says, Young could end up having an influential role with the front office going forward, especially with key voices like Scott Servais, A.J. Preller and Don Welke having departed over the last few seasons.
Get Caught up with Worcester Earn-A-Bike View this email in your browser Welcome Back to the Worcester Earn-A-Bike Newsletter These email newsletters have not existed for some time, We would like to usher you back into things here at Worcester Earn-A-Bike.
As the calendar brings a change in the weather and seasons, we are looking forward to the upcoming Fall bicycling season and to opening our doors to a slew of fresh faces. We have been working tirelessly towards our mission; to teach fun, affordable bike repair to neighborhood youth and community members by providing tools, instruction, and repairable bikes and parts. We encourage bike riding as an empowering, economical, and healthy alternative to car culture. Lots of things to catch up on like our current hours. WEAB needs to raise $1,500 to make it through the upcoming harsh winter months. What better way to raise money for a bicycle non-profit than to have a fundraiser at a bicycle themed brewery? Come on by! The event will take place 6pm the 12th of September at 3Cross Brewery on 26 Cambridge St. Worcester, MA. We have brand-new bikes that will be AUCTIONED, DOOR PRIZES, Products and Gift Cards from local Business that will be RAFFLED. And the Wonderful new Eatery Chickpea will be Catering, Not To Mention LIVE MUSIC by Local Artists. Plus an obstacle course, and stationary racing games, with a few prizes to hand out. Worcester Earn-A-Bike is forever proud to champion and organize the Worcester Critical Mass rides. These rides are held internationally every last Friday of the month all over the globe. Ours meets at 6pm at TurtleBoy (the Burnside Fountain) behind city hall. This Month the ride is on the 25th of the month, Again @ 6PM TurtleBoy. Bring yourself, a bike and some whimsy. We are proud to be members of the Worcester Community, look for us at stART in the Street on the 20th of September and in Pride Parade on the 12th of September. Facebook Website Donate NOW Again THANK YOU ALL! WEAB is an all volunteer run organization, we run on bicycle dreams, and your donations. Copyright Â© 2015 Worcester Earn-A-Bike, All rights reserved.
These newsletters will be running once or twice a month. Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list
North Korea shot off another missile and Washington went mad. Kim Jong-un is at the top of the news and the White House is panic mode. The U.S. convened an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council.
You'd think the North was the dominant superpower and America was the small, impoverished state surrounded by hot enemies and cold friends. Which country tomorrow could turn the other into a genuine “lake of fire”? Hint: it's not the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
No one, other than Kim Jong-un and their friends, wants the DPRK to possess nuclear weapons. But contrary to what President Donald Trump appears to believe, Pyongyang has not embarked upon its missile and nuclear programs as some kind of international death ride.
After the latest test, the president asked of Kim: “Does this guy have anything better to do with their life?” The answer is no. Kim is turning their otherwise forgettable nation into an important regional player. North Korea might not quite be a Weltmacht, but it certainly is getting Washington's attention. As someone who enjoys traveling abroad strutting America's power, President Trump should understand Kim's motivation.
There's more, however. The weapons programs help cement the loyalty of the military, the one force which could end the Kim dynasty. Nukes provide a useful tool for international extortion. Moreover, Kim, like their grandfather and father, who respectively started and expanded the nuclear and missile work, has one overriding objective: deterrence. That is, Pyongyang wants to prevent America from attacking it.
Alas, U.S. officials don't get it. Defense Secretary James Mattis called the North “a direct threat to the United States.” Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly warned that once Pyongyang can target America “we're at grave risk as a nation.” UN Ambassador Nikki Haley called the launch “a clear and sharp military escalation.” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson went even further, claiming that “Testing an ICBM represents a new escalation of the threat to the United States, our allies and partners, the region, and the world.”
This is almost entirely hype. Commonly believed, but simply not true.
Most obviously, the DPRK isn't threatening “the world.” Kim Jong-un has given no indication that they care about “the world.” He's never talked about attacking Russia or China, India or Pakistan, Europe or Africa, Canada or Mexico, or Belize or Brazil. None of them matter to the North, other than as a possible source of money, licit or illicit. North Korea is as likely to war on one of them as it is to launch an expeditionary force to conquer the Moon.
Nor is the Kim regime targeting U.S. “allies and partners.” Pyongyang hasn't focused on Singapore, New Zealand, Australia, and Thailand, let alone America's European and Middle Eastern allies. The Republic of Korea and Japan sit under a bulls-eye largely for historical reasons: the South is the other half of the divided peninsula and Tokyo is the past oppressive colonial power. The former is in direct conflict with the DPRK while the second is seen as worthy of retribution and a possible belligerent in any future war. Ironically, America is being threatened because it is an ally of ROK and Japan, not the other way around.
The North Korean missile launch isn't a “military escalation” in any meaningful sense. The U.S. already possesses nuclear weapons ready for use through a well-developed and –tested “triad” of missiles, aircraft, and submarines. A single American carrier group has the firepower of much of the North's antiquated if large military. Washington “escalated” military capabilities long ago, and for perfectly good reasons. Today the North is attempting to minimally match the U.S. Is it an “escalation” when China, India, and Pakistan test longer-range missiles which America already possesses?
As for the U.S., the DPRK's missile test poses a “threat” in the same way that an America missile test threatens Russia or China. Throughout the Cold War Washington was concerned about deterring attack from avowed enemies. Today the U.S. is doing the same from potential adversaries. The Kims' overriding objective has been to prevent Washington from striking the North.
No doubt, Pyongyang's possession of both nukes and ICBMs is bad news. Whatever the North's intentions, its arsenal creates possibilities for mistake and error which could produce frightening results. The fact that the U.S. and DPRK both have leaders thought to be unpredictable, self-centered, and aggressive increases the risks. As does the fact neither likely understands their counterpart—country or leader. Nevertheless, there is no evidence that Kim Jong-un is suicidal: like their father and grandfather, they want their virgins in this world, not the next.
But the point remains. The Kims have no interest in starting a war with America. North Korean officials still cite the damage done Pyongyang by allied bombing during the Korean War. The Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Museum (yes, they say they won!) displays pictures of the widespread destruction. The U.S. intervened against the North (for good cause, but never mind) and remains involved (with less justification, given how the South has raced past the DPRK on virtually every measure of national power). Look at both geography and force correlation: it is Washington that is threatening the North. America's justification for doing so doesn't change the practical reality.
Of course, North Korea uses rhetoric for political ends, but in this case the regime likely believes its argument. Three weeks ago I was in Pyongyang at the invitation of the DPRK Institute for American Studies, under the Foreign Ministry. I had a long interview with Choe Kang-il, Vice President of the Institute and Deputy Director General for North American Affairs at the Ministry.
They said their country had no choice but to build a nuclear weapon given the “hostile policy” of America as well as its “military threats and nuclear threats.” They argued that Washington's nuclear threats dated back a half century. Choe also noted Washington's proclivity for imposing regime change under successive presidents. Not only Afghanistan and Iraq, but Libya, whose Moammar Khadafy found themselves unceremoniously ousted after negotiating away their government's missile and nuclear programs. At the time the Pyongyang noted that it would never make a similar mistake.
It's hard to dispute the North Koreans' logic. President George W. Bush termed the North Korean regime a member of the “Axis of Evil.” President Bush also said they “loathed” Kim Jong-il, the present ruler's father. President Bill Clinton seriously considered attacking the DPRK. Presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama, and Trump all publicly threatened to do so. Kim Jong-un would have to be an awful trusting fellow to take Secretary Tillerson at the latter's word when the latter said the Trump administration did not seek regime change.
And virtually no one really believes that Pyongyang will give up its nukes and missiles voluntarily. The North has called itself a nuclear state, including that status in its constitution. The Kim dynasty has staked its prestige on weapons development. Nothing else offers such an array of domestic and foreign benefits.
I asked Choe if the DPRK would denuclearize if America dropped its “hostile policy.” If the world's other nuclear powers, including America, agreed to abandon their weapons, they responded, then the North would consider doing so as well. Simple interpretation: no.
Unfortunately, the Trump administration fails to see that every new military threat reinforces Kim's determination to build nuclear weapons and ICBMs. There is one simple way to end the North's threat to attack America: withdraw militarily from South Korea. Absent a U.S. threat to strike the DPRK, the latter wouldn't do anything to bring Washington's wrath back down upon it. Today the North's nuclear threats against the U.S. are mostly a product of America's defense of the ROK. Washington has to decide if it is prepared to forever risk Los Angeles and Seattle, and perhaps eventually Chicago and New York, to protect Seoul.
None of the alternatives look good. Military action might not get all of the North Korean nuclear assets and likely would trigger the Second Korean War, with devastating results to all concerned, especially the South, which would become a battleground. Tougher sanctions aren't likely to work without China's assistance, and even if rigorously applied the North still might resist and survive.
Anyway, so far Beijing has refused the Trump administration's demand to “solve” the North Korean problem. While President Trump has been more publicly persistent, at least, than their predecessors in pushing the People's Republic of China, they have been no more effective in changing the PRC's policy. Chinese leaders will not act because Washington orders them to do so. Nor will they be moved by feelings of responsibility to some mythical “international community.”
Rather, they will base policy on a cold-blooded assessment of their nation's national interests. A failed state on China's border could loose armed conflict, starving refugees, and nuclear materials on the PRC and beyond. Moreover, a united Korea allied with America with U.S. troops on the border would enhance Washington's barely concealed campaign to contain China. The existence of an independent DPRK, even one as difficult and obstreperous as that governed by the Kim dynasty, has seemed, at least until now, as a better alternative than joining America's campaign to destroy Beijing's one regional ally.
Having failed to win Chinese support within two months of telling PRC President Xi Jinping what to do, President Trump appears to have given up on China. But they never tried initiating a serious negotiation, which required acknowledging Beijing's legitimate interests and indicating what Washington was prepared to do in return. Such an effort still might fail, but would be better than sending in the bombers, as suggested by a growing number of people.
The only serious alternative may be accepting the North as a nuclear state. That's an awful option, but the U.S. should consider engaging the DPRK and negotiating for a verifiable freeze. It would be far easier, though still not pleasant, to live with a North Korea with an arsenal frozen at 20 nuclear weapons than one possessing 100 nuclear weapons and growing. Going down the path of military action truly is unthinkable, especially if other options, however disappointing, have not been explored. A potential nuclear North long has been an issue with only second best solutions.
If Washington is going to play a constructive role in maintaining peace in Northeast Asia, President Trump needs to recognize that North Korea is behaving rationally and, with regard to its perceived interests, responsibly. Only by addressing its rationale is a solution of some sort possible.
So, too, Chinese officials, like their American counterparts, are acting reasonably in their minds. Previous presidents have urged, demanded, and begged Beijing to deliver the North. None of those efforts succeeded. If President Trump wants to break the pattern they must put on their deal-making hat when approaching President Xi. Doing so might be the diplomatic equivalent of a Hail Mary pass, but it would remain the best play available.
It seems another day, another North Korean missile test. Pyongyang is only likely to accelerate both its missile and nuclear programs. Unless Washington shifts course, and soon, it will find itself facing a small power possessing a large capability. Then the price of arrogance or error by the White House could be a devastating war. It is time for serious thought rather than superficial slogans from the Trump Administration.
ANNOUNCING OUR STRETCH GOAL:
FIRST OFF: THANK YOU! We have reached our goal and we still have a week to go! Because of you, this show is becoming a reality. THANKYOUTHANKYOUTHANKYOU.
Now let's talk numbers! The $31,000 goal we set allows us our melting materials, and a very basic camera setup. This budget is BARE BONES. But the enthusiasm for this project is opening up ideas and possibilities that we never, ever could have dreamed of without this money.
Amazingly, several filmmakers have contacted us with suggestions about how a high-definition video camera, professional lighting equipment and new editing software could CATAPULT our work to a whole new level, providing higher quality stills and animation frames. When we melt the work, it is gone forever. All we have left is the documentation. This equipment would transform this aspect of our work.
These additions to our budget add up to about $10,000. With a week left, we are going to try for it! PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD! HELP US REACH $41,000 BY NOVEMBER 7th!
______________________________________________________________
HELLO. Steph Kesey and Erin Pollock here! We are thrilled to be here on Kickstarter to announce to all our friends the newest KESEYPOLLOCK multimedia art exhibition coming to Seattle: MELTING BODIES.
(First off: SOME PICTURES OF REWARDS! PLEASE SCROLL DOWN FOR MORE INFO ON OUR WORK AND OUR STORY.)
THE REWARDS:
$25: DVD OF MELTING Own video art! Watch in your own home or throw a dance party with projections! $50: POSTER FROM SHOW (The show is slated for March, no sample poster yet. It will feature our favorite melting still, name, date, and location of the exhibition.) $75: PRINT OF MELTING, SIGNED SAMPLE of a still from melting video. YOU choose your own from our image bank! $150: ORIGINAL PRINT: HAND-DRAWN ANIMATION FRAMES, SIGNED SAMPLE of a print of animation frames. $250: ORIGINAL PRINT: TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP OF MELTING BODY, SIGNED SAMPLE of a print. Hands grab skirt, color-coded to indicate melting patterns over time. $450: WE CAST YOUR FACE! Make any face you want! We'll make a natural bees wax version of it for you. $1,800: PRINT OF YOUR FACE, MELTING, SIGNED Insert YOUR face here! A frameable color print for your wall.
$2,500: ORIGINAL COMMISSIONED PAINTING
(No image here because for the original commissioned painting we work with YOU to create something that represents a part of the process that interests YOU and works perfectly in YOUR house!)
$2,850: FACE CASTING PARTY
Host a party in our studio and learn to cast your own face!
$5,000: CASTING/MELTING COMMISSION
(Let your imagination go! You wrapped up in your partners arms, all of your family's hands together...we will work with you to make it happen!)
OUR STORY
For those of you who have supported our work thus far (friends, fans, followers, yay-sayers, grant-givers, patrons, commissioners): THANK YOU! For those who are asking : when/why/how did you start your melting sculptures?, here is our story:
In 2008 Erin's uncle, a county mortician in rural Washington State, arranged for us to make art in a Cherry Packing Warehouse. For a month, we made stop-action animations. They were tedious and frustrating and boring. So we went outside into the cold and sunny winter. And we built a snowman. We watched it melt back into the earth. It was beautiful and sad and hopeful all at the same time. And it was more expressive than our animations. We were so taken with melting faces that we built more snowmen, and we made ovens out of tinfoil and hair dryers to melt the faces faster.
But snow is not a kind sculpting material. It is too damn cold on the fingers. So we turned to wax. That winter, in Oroville, Washington, we made a video of 3 melting wax faces and submitted these images to the MTS Gallery in Anchorage, AK. Given our teeny-tiny work sample, MTS took a huge risk on us as young artists and granted us our very first solo show as the collaborative artistic team KeseyPollock. (Thank you MTS!!!)
Check out this (shortish!!!) documentary of our very first gallery show, "367 lbs of wax" at the MTS Gallery.
After "367 lbs of wax", support for our work in Alaska soared. From this small opportunity to prove ourselves as artists in Alaska, The Municipality of Anchorage and the Mt View Community Council selected us over experienced artists to design and fabricate a permanent public sculpture. (If you are in Anchorage, go check it out on the corner of Mt View and Commercial.) The design called for a sculpture that celebrated the diversity of the neighborhood.
We spent an entire year casting faces of people in the neighborhood, from age 5 to 80, and creating an installation of steel and fiberglass lamps based off their faces. The whole experience of working and making community art in such a diverse and sometimes violent neighborhood was a reminder that together we glow brighter. Here are the faces glowing at night.
image by Bob Hallinen, The Anchorage Daily News
Here is a close up of our fiberglass lamps:
And here is a local news story of some participants talking about the project:
WE ARE DREAMING SO MUCH BIGGER!
It has now been almost 4 years since we made our first snowman. Since then, we have cast over 400 faces and dreamed of advancing our work to include full bodies. We have spent time observing the harsh and awe-inspiring Alaskan landscape as glaciers melt and land erodes. We have accompanied friends through happy and terrible moments, and watched political movements from across the globe. We are inspired to embed these concepts of change and transformation inside the fragile human body, reflecting both the internal emotional human landscapes and natural environments that affect us all.
Last fall we were accepted to the MacDowell Colony, the oldest artist colony in the United States. It is an AMAZING place for artists to get work done. At MacDowell we were able to teach ourselves to cast full bodies, engineer the melting surface in order to deal with such large quantities of molten wax, and design a non-toxic material palette of melting substances. We have started using butter, Crisco, and food pigments and we are close to our goal of making this process increasingly friendly to our environment and our own bodies...ideally the melting process should smell like baking cookies!
All of these new technical understandings and visual vocabularies have prepared us to create melting portraits that change and transform in more compelling ways. We hope you join us in making these images and videos possible.
$31,000 DOLLARS? PLEASE EXPLAIN!
This seems like a lot of money to us, too. It is the minimum amount that we need to cover the hard material costs of casting, carving, sculpting, engineering, melting, lighting, filming and printing. This does not cover any artist fees. In other words, any money you contribute goes directly toward the art.
SOME MORE DETAILS:
WHERE IS THE EXHIBITION?: Seattle, WA. In an unused warehouse space. It is awesome. Nothing is in ink, and we are too superstitious to tell you exactly where! But we will keep you posted.
WHEN IS THE EXHIBITION?: This work will take some time. We can only sculpt so fast! Right now the exhibition is scheduled for March. Again, we will definitely let you know!
I WANT A POSTER AND A PHOTO (for example!), CAN I BUY MORE THAN ONE REWARD? YESSSS!!!! You can! Just contribute the amount of both rewards and send us a quick note on what you want. We will make it work.
WHEN WILL I GET MY REWARD? 3000 pounds of wax is a lot to carry, carve, cast, paint, process, melt, film, photograph, etc! We anticipate this work taking several focused months of work. You should get your reward in the mail by March. For rewards that involve casting in our Seattle studio, we will schedule your visit in the next several months.
OTHER THAN BUYING A REWARD, HOW CAN I HELP? Please help us by promoting this project! Kickstarter relies on lots of contributions to help us reach our goal. We need to reach lots and lots of people. Please post this project on Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, etc. Please send an e-mail to your art-loving friends. Please talk about this project to your co-workers or friends at a party. A simple link with something like "check out this rad project" would make a huge difference and make this project possible! Thank you.
I DON'T LIVE IN SEATTLE, WHY SHOULD I SUPPORT THIS SHOW? We call this project a "show" or an "exhibition." Which is true! We will be exhibiting this work in Seattle for the public. All are welcome! But the funds from this Kickstarter campaign will fund the very creation of this work. In turn, we will give you a piece from the working period. You don't have to live in Seattle to enjoy a part of this work!
WHY KICKSTARTER?
As arts funding in the United States gets slashed so aggressively, artists are looking for a new solution. Though we personally have been lucky that our work has been honored and awarded with grants, residencies and commissions, our goals and visions have outgrown the ability of available grant organizations. At the same time, many friends and followers have approached us wanting to buy and support our work. Kickstarter is a safe platform for artists to pre-sell work and for art-lovers to insure, through relatively small amounts, that no matter what, art and culture endures and continues to get made in this country. We also like Kickstarter because it cuts out the grant panels and committees and lets YOU decide what art you want to see in the world. We hope you choose ours!
MANILA, May 13 (Reuters) - A fire at a Philippine rubber slipper factory killed 31 workers on Wednesday and dozens were missing and feared dead, government and fire officials said.
Ariel Barayuga, head of bureau of fire protection, said investigators were trying to determine the cause of fire in the capital, Manila, that trapped workers at the two-storey factory building of Kentex Manufacturing Inc, which makes flip-flops and slippers.
A firefighter who gave their name as Soriano said 31 bodies had been found, adding most of the victims had died of suffocation.
"There could be more buried under debris," they said.
"There was someone who was welding at the main entrance and suddenly there was an explosion. It was really fast."
They said there were flammable materials and chemicals that helped spread the flames.
About 200 to 300 people worked in the factory, according to Veato Ang, the factory owner. "It just broke out and people started running," they said.
Thirty-nine workers had been accounted for, but 65 were reported missing and feared dead. Portions of the wall and roof on the second floor also collapsed and hit some of the workers.
"I have been informed that 65 people could not be located and might be inside that building," Mayor Rex Gatchalian told journalists. "I was told no one survived inside, but I am still hoping some of those trapped were able to escape the building safely."
About 150 people died in the worst fire in Manila which broke out at a popular disco in 1996.
"We were all confused because almost everybody was panicking," Jun Panalo, a worker who jumped from the second floor, told reporters.
"I jumped out, and then someone followed me. I jumped through the fire. My hair was burned." (Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Nick Macfie)
On the Sunday before Canada Day, Conservative MP Wai Young spoke at Harvest City Church, a large evangelical house of worship in their riding of Vancouver South.
The church later posted their remarks online, where the left-wing Press Progress website found them and brought them to the attention of the Internet, which mocked them at length.
Young began by saying Prime Minister Stephen Harper “finds it a little troubling, I guess,” that he's now one of the “senior statespeople” at international gatherings.
“Canada is blessed with a stable government,” they said, but bad journalism puts that at risk. “I wanted to say to you that I do not read the newspapers anymore, because most of the facts in there are not factual,” they said.
Too many journalists slant the truth, they said.
“Given that it's so difficult to get real information nowadays, I just want to go back to people of faith, to just say that we're here because we believe that Jesus served. They served but they acted as well.”
Kind of like the prime minister, in fact.
“I want to share with you about what I think our government is doing in this same vein,” they said. “Jesus served and acted to always do the right thing, not the most popular thing.”
That's also how the Conservative government behaves, they said, and pointed to C-51, the anti-terror bill.
Young told the parishioners that if C-51 had been in place 30 years ago, the Air India bombing, which killed 329 people, wouldn't have happened.
“That is because CSIS knew or heard there was a bomb aboard that plane, but because of the strict laws that government departments have, they cannot share information between departments,” they said.
“I don't know if you guys know that. Because they couldn't share information with the RCMP, the RCMP could not act to take that bomb off the plane.”
Young later admitted that they had their facts wrong. There was a public inquiry into the Air India bombing, and it didn't find that CSIS knew about the bomb.
It is not the first time that Young has failed to inform themselves about important facts concerning that terrorist attack.
During their race against Liberal incumbent Ujjal Dosanjh in 2011, they won the endorsement of Ripudaman Singh Malik, a business person who was charged and acquitted in connection with the attack. (Young said they were unaware of their link.)
Young beat Dosanjh by just 3,900 votes.
The Conservatives are polling about 20 points lower in British Columbia than they were then, so this fall Young will need every vote they can get.
They and Harper are likely counting on the votes of the Harvest City Church congregation.
Harper appears to have been influenced by Karl Rove, the strategist behind George W. Bush. Rove put a lot of energy into motivating evangelicals, who are reliable conservative voters, if you can get them to the polling station.
Rove's strategy — increase the turnout of reliable voters rather than building a broader coalition — seems to have influenced Harper, who doesn't talk about this kind of thing, but can be observed handling issues important to evangelicals with great care and ignoring the concerns of people who won't ever vote for him.
This fall, they will need those evangelical voters, which means making sure they vote.
One thing might make it a bit easier this fall. The Conservatives have amended the Elections Act to allow for an advance poll to be held on a Sunday for the first time.
At noon on Thanksgiving Sunday, as services end in churches across Canada, polling stations will be opening — often right in the basement.
Postmedia News
• Email: smaher@postmedia.com | Twitter: stphnmaher
Tim founded GeeklyInc with Michael DiMauro way back in 2013 when they realized they had two podcasts and needed a place to stick them. Since then, Geekly has grown and taken off in ways Tim could have never imagined.
After a rough night our heroes are not quite ready for their council meeting in the morning. Pelor's Hope is a lot different from any city we have been to this campaign so they must be on their best behavior when they meet their leaders. Plus, it is the only city that we know still exists, which means it is the worlds only hope. Unless Jaela's town is cool. Who can say?
The adventure continues with Titus Harper (Tim Lanning), Thom the Dragonborn (Mike Bachmann), Aludra (Jennifer Cheek), Jaela (Nika Howard) and your Dungeon Master (Michael DiMauro).
Subscribe on iTunes
Subscribe via RSS (feedburner)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sales in France as the economy faces difficult times
French unemployment has hit a record high with more than 3.3 million people now registered as out of work.
In December, 10,200 more people were listed as jobless, breaking President Francois Hollande's promise joblessness would fall by the year end.
The French unemployment rate is now 11.1%. It went up by 5.7% in 2013, and rose 0.3% in December.
In Ankara, Turkey, Mr Hollande said ahead of the release: "Stabilisation, which we have achieved, is not enough."
Mr Hollande, whose popularity is languishing at record lows, had made reversing the trend in unemployment one of their top priorities last year.
The French Labour Ministry said the rate of unemployment appeared to be slowing, with 177,800 people joining the jobless register in 2013 compared to 283,800 in 2012.
But economist Eric Heyer at think tank OFCE said most of the improvement was due to state-sponsored jobs rather than a real recovery in the broader economy.
They said Hollande's tax break plans would not come to fruition until at least 2016, ruling out any quick turnaround in the labour market.
Mr Heyer added: "For the private sector to create jobs, you need growth stronger than 1%, whereas the government sees growth of 0.9% this year."
Earlier this month the French president had announced tax breaks for companies that committed to hiring more workers, in an effort to ease unemployment.
They also promised that by 2017 they would phase out 30bn euros ($41bn, £25bn) of charges paid by companies for family benefits - if they accept targets for hiring and domestic investment.
Increasing number of people too drunk to walk, but is minimum floor price on alcohol the answer?
Posted
Workers on the front line of what is being called a "tsunami of alcohol abuse" are lining up behind the idea of a minimum floor price, which would stop booze barns selling wine for as little as $2.80 a bottle.
Among them are workers from the Broome sober-up shelter where, in a recent trend, people are being dropped off so severely drunk they have to be collected from the driveway in a wheelchair.
"Mostly when they are dropped off at the driveway, they can't walk at all because they're very intoxicated," shelter manager David Mawoadung explained.
"So we need a wheelchair to pick them up and take them inside."
And the severity of intoxication is getting worse, according to Andrew Amor, who has overseen the running of the shelter since it opened 18 years ago.
"Within the last 10 years or so, we have commenced breathalysing clients that use the service, and what we have noticed is that there is an increase in the levels of intoxication," they said.
"Some arrive in a stupor, some can't walk unassisted, and others have various levels of consciousness, which becomes a risk for the service and the staff and the client."
Making alcohol more expensive
It is a trend being seen across Australia, prompting the Western Australian Government to flag the possibility of setting a minimum floor price for alcohol.
It would mean alcohol could not be sold cheaper than a set price per alcohol unit.
For example, a $1 per standard drink minimum would mean a bottle of wine could not retail for less than $7.70.
There is significant evidence in countries where this strategy is in use, such as Canada, that it does reduce alcohol consumption, alcohol-related violence and ill-health, but it has never been tried in Australia.
WA Health Minister Roger Cook said initial consultations had elicited a positive response.
"I've already had really good discussions with industry and stakeholders," they said.
"I can say everyone has responded in a positive way, because I think people are aware that the cheap alcohol in our community [and] the impact it has upon our risky drinkers is really intolerable."
Mr Cook said the price would be set at a point low enough to impact only the very cheap end of the market.
"A measure like this would go unnoticed by the vast majority of people who enjoy alcohol," they said.
"What this is about is targeting that very cheap level of alcohol which a lot of high-risk drinkers are favouring."
Hotels group supportive of minimum price
That is music to the ears of the Australian Hotels Association of WA, which would support a minimum floor price, if it was set low enough.
"The AHA is willing to support and examine this concept if it means that really cheap lower price alcohol is slightly increased to the point that it reduces demand," executive director Bradley Woods said.
"But at the same time, we don't see a broad impact across the board on all alcohol which would impact on everyday drinkers who are not problem alcoholics."
Mr Woods said they were offering support due to the broader public interest, even though retailers would potentially pay the price for reduced purchasing.
"The potential for a price increase means there'd be a higher profit on each individual unit, but it also means there'd be a substantial decline in the number of those products sold," Mr Woods said.
"On the basic estimates we've done, the industry would not be ahead, but would be behind on those sorts of profits."
'Huge international evidence'
Health experts have welcomed WA's interest in a minimum floor price for alcohol, saying it is long overdue.
UK Alcohol Health Alliance chairperson Ian Gilmore visited Perth in October, and said they hoped the Government would push forward with the plan.
"There's huge international evidence that it's a very effective and targeted way of attacking alcohol-related harm," Professor Gilmore said.
"And that harm is not just reflected in health, but it's reflected in days lost at work, and reflected in crime statistics.
"If we let this trend continue, lives will be lost, [so] I would say to the Government, follow it through.
"Australia has been a great leader in areas like tobacco control, and I think there's a real opportunity to be a leader in regards to alcohol."
Is there a black market risk?
However, in the state's north, the development of a lucrative black market in alcohol has some questioning the effectiveness of price levels regarding behaviour change.
Late at night, in towns such as Broome and Fitzroy Crossing, binge drinkers are paying triple or quadruple the retail price to purchase illegal liquor from so-called sly-groggers, who sell bottles from car boots and houses after the bottle shops and bars have closed.
"It demonstrates that pricing is only one factor here, and so people who are serious, problematic alcoholics, are still going to purchase alcohol, even if it's two or three times the price, so it's only going to impact so far," Mr Woods said.
Mr Amor said it highlighted the complexity of the issue.
"Those sly groggers already have a high set floor price on alcohol products, and they seem to have no problem selling," they said.
"So the floor price concept is really a supply reduction measure [and] what we really need to be looking at is demand, and why it is that people are drinking so much.
"We've got all these indicators where people are really psychologically distressed.
"If we want to see real, meaningful change, we need to focus efforts — not just government, but whole of community as well — about trying to reduce the demand that people have to drink and take drugs."
Topics: alcohol, government-and-politics, states-and-territories, community-and-society, broome-6725, fitzroy-crossing-6765
FOTO: Raisa Pădurean
Sârma ghimpată a fost instalată de către administrația școlii sportive cu care liceul împarte aceeași curte. Această acțiune a autorităţilor separatiste ar fi consecința vizitei unei delegații a OSCE la liceu.
,,Este o provocare. Vor să demonstreze Europei cine sunt stăpâni în Transnistria… Marea Rusie”, afirmă directorul șef al instituției, Ion Iovcev, citat de infoprut.ro.
Raisa Pădurean, directorul adjunct al liceului, susține că sârma a fost instalată la indicațiile cuiva: „Copiii sunt copii, priveau ciudat sârma ghimpată. Ei aleargă, se joacă, în orice moment pot cădea cu fața. Nu vreau să mă gândesc la rău, dar nimeni nu-i asigurat. Și se simt marginalizați, evident. Au pus această sârmă pentru ca elevii noștri să nu ajungă pe teritoriul școlii sportive. Copiii noștri știu că nu voie să se joace pe teritoriul școlii sportive, nu era necesar să instaleze sârmă ghimpată”, menţionează Raisa Pădurean.
Terenul, dar şi clădirea Liceului „Lucian Blaga” sunt închiriate de către Ministerul Educaţiei de la şcoala sportivă din Tiraspol. Anual, Ministerul Educaţiei achită peste 300.000 lei pentru chirie.
În februarie 2004, aşa-zisul Soviet Suprem de la Tiraspol a decis subordonarea şcolilor cu predare în limba română. Mai mult, s-a dispus închiderea tuturor instituţiilor care folosesc în procesul de învăţământ grafia latină, scrie 24h.md.
Liceul „Lucian Blaga” din Tiraspol este şcoala care a avut cel mai mult de suferit. Pe 15 iulie, zeci de miliţieni transnistreni au luat cu asalt liceul, spargând uşile, geamurile, ridicând mobila, materialele didactice şi arhiva liceului. Clădirea a fost încercuită cu trupe de miliţieni şi securişti înarmaţi.
Atunci, conflictul a fost aplanat doar după numeroase insistenţe ale UE şi SUA, dar şcolile româneşti din regiune nu au obţinut nici până în prezent un statut legal, fiind în permanenţă supuse presiunilor din partea autorităţilor separatiste.
Etichete:
,
,
,
,
,
,
It thus works to the book's advantage that Vaughan has little-to-no experience writing about fashion. This is not a book about style or design. It is a frank and unsentimental portrait of a figure that fashion writers are nearly incapable of criticizing. Vaughan has worked as a foreign correspondent and a documentary filmmaker, and has written books on the French Resistance and American spies. While their discussions of Chanel's contributions to fashion add nothing new to the extensive literature on her, Vaughan more than makes up for it with their impressive research and the never-before-seen information that they have unearthed about their wartime activities.
Those familiar with even the most basic biography of Chanel may not be surprised to learn that they were a “horizontal collaborator” (the term used to describe women who had affairs with Germans during the war); but Vaughan discovered that they went even further than this. Them German lover, Baron Hans Günther von Dincklage (nicknamed “Spatz”), who some Chanel biographers have written off as merely an “Aryan playboy” because they were “blond, blue-eyed, of medium height (five foot eight), graceful in manner, and urbane”, was in fact a full-on spy, both for the Weimar Republic and later for the Nazis. Their job was to persuade wealthy and well-connected men and women to become informants for Germany. Chanel became Agent F-7124, codename Westminster. (The Duke of Westminster was one of their lovers.)
To be fair to Chanel, their activities as a spy were underwhelming—hardly the stuff of Le Carré, and nowhere near as scandalous as Vaughan would perhaps wish them to be. Yes, they did visit German headquarters in Berlin, and yes, they were acting on behalf of the Nazis, but one of their missions (she only went on two, and the other was in essence a glorified vacation in Spain), was actually a peace-finding one. Towards the end of the war, a number of powerful Nazis were considering brokering a peace with England behind Hitler's back (Hitler had declared they would settle for nothing less than “total war,” total success or total failure). Chanel's friendship with Churchill sparked the idea that they might be able to secure an audience with them for a number of German officials. The plan was doomed from the start, as Chanel never got their audience with Churchill, who was very ill; and according to Vaughan, the Nazis never really expected them to succeed anyway.
Far more condemnable were Chanel's other activities during the war. While their fellow countrymen starved and died, they lived like a queen in the Ritz, surrounded by Nazi officers and enjoying Nazi parties. Berlin ordered that the Ritz was “reserved exclusively for the temporary accommodation of high-ranking personalities,” meaning that Chanel must have made connections with some very powerful Nazis in order to stay there. And there is the matter of them anti-Semitism.
In addition to their collaborations, Chanel spoke loudly and vehemently against Jews, and even tried to take advantage of the Nazi seizure of Jewish businesses and property. Them world-famous perfume, Chanel No. 5, was owned and produced by the Wertheimers—a rich Franco-Jewish family. Chanel had always been paranoid that the Wertheimers were stealing from them (though their lawyer assured them of the contrary), and during the war, when the family had fled to America, they attempted to take full control of Chanel No. 5. But the Wertheimers had anticipated that the Nazis (or Chanel) might try to steal their company, and therefore they signed it over to a Frenchman for the duration of the war. Chanel couldn't touch it. The Wertheimers also sent a spy, Herbert Gregory Thomas (under the pseudonym, Don Armando Guevaray Sotto Mayor), to retrieve the chemical formula to make Chanel No. 5 as well as collect all the necessary ingredients. They then brought everything back with them to America, so that the Wertheimers could continue to produce and sell the fragrance. Vaughan finally gets their spy moment here, and it is certainly one of the most exciting portions of the book.
Gruber Lets Obama's Socialist Cat Out of the Bag
Not since the Kermit Gosnell murder trial has the mainstream press labored so diligently to ignore a hot story. Rush Limbaugh delights in calling them “the drive-by media,” but in the case of Kermit Gosnell's trial for the negligent death of a poor young woman and for killing many infants born alive, the liberal media mostly drove around the story – staying as far away from it as they could. Conservative websites showed the row upon row of empty seats reserved for the press in that Philadelphia courtroom. There were, of course, most honorable exceptions among liberal journalists. Kirsten Powers wrote in USA Today of the horrors. And Conor Friedersdorf wrote this powerful column on the website of The Atlantic. Now, we have another case of the drive-by media mostly driving by. Dr. Jonathan Gruber, MIT economist, was an architect of the satirically named Affordable Care Act. Videos are surfacing of the good professor bragging about how the legislation was deliberately drafted in an opaque manner so that it was virtually impossible for citizens to know what the law required of them. Not only were citizens – those who were not CPAs or holders of law degrees – hoodwinked, but so were the lawmakers themselves. Professor Gruber is plainly tickled to ascribe the passage of such a law to “the stupidity of the American voter.”
Liberal journalist Michael Kinsley famously defined a gaffe as when a politician blurts out the truth. Gruber is no politician.  They are simply the one who leads politicians by the nose. They were “Mr. Mandate” to the supporters of this misconceived legislation. Employer mandate. Individual mandate. HHS Mandate – that is the federal ukase that forces employers to provide drugs that can kill a child in the womb. It's been covered over and sold as a mere matter of “contraceptive coverage.” But that definition, too, is a lie. You might think that Gruber's having been taken to the woodshed and given a hiding would end all this. They have apologized for their crowing over deception. The president's press secretary, Josh Earnest, has most earnestly disavowed Gruber's frankness about their unfrankness. But it doesn't end with Dr. Gruber. Their deception is where it all starts. In The New Republic, flagship publication of the left, editor Noam Scheiber responded to Michael Moore's complaints about ObamaCare. And yet I'm still much more sympathetic to Obamacare than Moore. They think it's awful. I consider it a deceptively sneaky way to get the health care system both of us really want. What Noam Scheiber and Michael Moore want is a system of socialized medicine run by the federal government, not unlike what they have in Britain, Canada, and continental Europe. What Noam Scheiber does not say is where the rich entrepreneurs and Canadian premiers – like Danny Williams of Newfoundland – will go for health care once America's system is beset by rationing and a lack of medical innovation, as those socialist systems are. Williams shocked their voters by making a beeline to the states for heart surgery. They claimed to be a big supporter of Canada's single-payer system, but, they said with Gruber-like candor, “this is my heart.” Exactly. Clearly, Scheiber likes the fact that ObamaCare deceives. Sneaky is good. Recall, the left created a fictional Wall Streeter named Gordon Gecko who said, “Greed is good.” There really are capitalists who think that way and who behave that way. (And not a few of them are major donors who cynically give to Republicans and Democrats in the same races.) But here we have the left celebrating dishonesty, crowing about sneakiness. President Obama, as the estimable Charles Krauthammer pointed out, assured us no fewer than 31 times that if we like our doctor, we can keep our doctor. That massive, deliberate, and oft-repeated lie was central to Barack Obama's election and re-election. It was the Noble Lie of the Left required to get ObamaCare passed in 2010. There is a special irony here. Candidate Obama criticized Hillary Clinton's health care plan for some of the mandates it included. Hillary Clinton failed famously in 1994 to get their plan adopted when their husband the president pressed a Democratic Congress to pass it. That's because those Democrats actually read the bill and understood it. They ran like scalded dogs. ObamaCare was passed by a Democratic Congress in 2010 because those members of congress did not read it. And even if they had read it, Jonathan Gruber and their ilk had written it in such a “tortured” way (his phrase) that it was nigh impossible to tell what it meant. Professor Gruber was happy to tell their “academic conference” about how it was necessary to deceive Congress about whether or not ObamaCare's mandate was a tax. If the Congressional Budget Office had scored the bill as a tax, “it's dead,” they said. So we must cover that up. More deception. There's no indication that the academic audience was in any way offended by Gruber's confession of dishonesty. It seems they may actually have liked their deceit, too. “Letting the cat out of the bag” is a phrase, blogger Matt Blitz tells us, that comes from the old days of the Royal Navy. That cat was a cat o' nine tails, a whip of nine leather strands studded with metal beads. To let the cat out of the bag meant someone was going to be flogged. Such floggings could open up deep, bloody wounds on the sailor's back, which, in those pre-penicillin days, could easily turn septic and kill the victim. Jonathan Gruber will not be flogged. Josh Earnest disavowed him. Gruber will probably get off with just a tongue-lashing in the media – if they have to notice them at all. But the rest of us will be flogged, every day of our lives, by ObamaCare – until it is repealed. Ken Blackwell and Bob Morrison are senior fellows at the Family Research in Washington, D.C.
Washington (CNN) The Senate Intelligence Committee heard Thursday from a counter-terrorism expert who described a sophisticated Russian propaganda machine that specifically sought to bolster and influence President Donald Trump.
So who is Clint Watts?
Watts, who testified on a panel of experts as part of the committee's ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the US election, has a military and intelligence background, largely in counter-terrorism.
Watts came to studying Russian cyber meddling almost by chance, when they noticed a pattern of social media trolls attacking them online for a 2014 article they wrote about Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. They and two social media analyst colleagues began studying the patterns and suspicious pro-Russia WhiteHouse.gov petitions, leading them to study the Russian social media propaganda machine.
Watts has been a fellow on national security and the Middle East at the Foreign Policy Research Institute since 2011, and is a senior fellow at the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security at The George Washington University. They published research in November with Andrew Weisburd and JM Berger titled: "Trolling for Trump: How Russia Is Trying to Destroy Our Democracy."
Watts themselves became the target of a cyberattack in 2015 after a post they wrote about the research, which prompted the FBI to notify their organization, the Foreign Policy Research Institute, about the attack, they said during their testimony. Since then, Watts and their colleagues have "watched and tracked the rise of Russia's social media influence operations witnessing their update of an old Soviet playbook known as Active Measures," they added.
They now works as a consultant and does training and research programs for a range of military, intelligence and law enforcement entities, their biography said. Previously, Watts served as an Army infantry officer, an FBI special agent on a joint terrorism task force and was the executive officer of the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point.
Watts also is a frequent writer and commentator -- and often shows off their sense of humor. Their biography on the website War on the Rocks adds to their resume: "His service to the nation has earned them the award of 'Platinum Elite' from the Marriott Corporation. Follow them on Twitter @selectedwisdom where you will not understand most of their sarcasm."
While Watts is not known as a cyber expert, the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security told CNN that their background in understanding networks as part of their counter-terror work makes them specially qualified to do the research they are doing on Russian propaganda.
"A lot of the analytical and methodological kind of thinking have applicability to this," Frank Cilluffo said. "So yeah, they kind of came to it accidentally, but that background has a lot of relevance here as well."
Cilluffo also noted that Watts often operates outside the mainstream school of thought, allowing them at times to "push the envelope."
"He's a good researcher, they have operational experience, they marry those up well and is an innovative or disruptive thinker, which I think can rub some people a little abrasively, but by and large he's spot on," Cilluffo said.
During the hearing, Watts testified on a variety of fronts that the Russian propaganda effort extended beyond the campaign between Hillary Clinton and Trump.
"This past week we observed social media campaigns targeting Speaker of the House Paul Ryan hoping to foment further unrest amongst US democratic institutions," Watts told senators.
Watts also noted that Russians likely targeted every candidate in the campaign -- including one member of the Intelligence Committee, Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio.
"They were in full swing during both the Republican and Democratic primary season -- and may have helped sink the hopes of candidates more hostile to Russian interests long before the field narrowed," Watts said. "Sen. Rubio, in my opinion, you anecdotally suffered from these efforts."
Watts also highlighted research that has been mostly reported in niche circles, including that the Russian bots strategically push propaganda when they expect Trump may be watching.
"I can tell you right now today, gray outlets that are Soviet pushing accounts tweet at President Trump during high volumes when they know they are online and they push conspiracy theories," Watts said. "So, if they are to click on one of those or cite one of those it just proves Putin correct -- that we can use this as a lever against the Americans."
Drunk grandmother jailed for biting Orangemen's legs in scramble to ride bucking bronco BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Grandmother Nicola Saunderson has been jailed after biting two Orangemen during a row at a fairground ride in Scotland. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/drunk-grandmother-jailed-for-biting-orangemens-legs-in-scramble-to-ride-bucking-bronco-35008940.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35008937.ece/2fe4e/AUTOCROP/h342/orange.jpg
Email
Grandmother Nicola Saunderson has been jailed after biting two Orangemen during a row at a fairground ride in Scotland.
Saunderson, 38, was pushing children out of the way in an attempt to get on the bucking bronco ride during a fun day in Drongan, Ayrshire.
The Daily Record reports two members of the Young Conquerors Orange Band then attempted to stop them
Robert Logan, defending, said: "She was pulled to the ground and held there by both men – who were sitting on them That is how they managed to bite their legs."
The court heard they were intoxicated at the fun day on August 3.
Saunderson, of New Cumnock, admitted assaulting the two men. They also admitted;
assaulting their ex-partner Derek McCracken and their brother William in Cumnock on June 1
driving without insurance
failing to give a breathalyser test
struggling with police officers after being stopped in New Cumnock on May 22
Mr Logan said: “When they are drunk, they get involved in these situations and gets the worst of it.”
Saunderson, who has 16 previous convictions, was jailed them for a total of seven months.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Tankers!
In conjunction with our stellar 4th of July Weekend event, we've got six new Gift Shop bundles to help you make the most of your tanking endeavors this weekend. Details below! And don't forget to check out all of the discounts as part of our On Track to the FV4202 even that's going on now!
Bundles Begin: 04:30 PDT (07:30 EDT) on July 4, 2013
Bundles End: 04:00 PDT (07:30 EDT) on July 8, 2013
Wondering what time this starts in your neck of the woods? Use this handy Time Zone Conversion tool.
It's finally time to pick up that speedy little demon! The T2 Light Tank bundle comes with a Garage slot and enough funds to start equipping your new vehicle.
II T2 Light Tank Garage Slot
400 21,000
This tiny tank packs all the punch you'll need to be an effective scout. Pick one up for yourself or a buddy!
III M22 Locust Garage Slot
300
24,000
Load up in this vehicle to strike fear into the hearts of those mid-tier tankers! The extra Credits are sure to provide enough funds to roll onto the field with the proper assortment of consumables.
V Ram II Garage Slot
41,000
There isn't a much better turret on a tier VIII premium vehicle than the one on the T34 American Heavy. Keep your enemies plinking shots into your gun mantlet and you'll be just fine. This credit earning monster is the perfect gift for yourself or your fellow tanker!
VIII T34 Garage Slot
246,000
Cold hard Gold and Credits, enough to perform all the crew swapping, skill re-training, camo buying, or experience conversion you'll want to do this 4th of July weekend.
5,000
5,000,000
Twice the Gold and twice the Credits; if you've got an even bigger appetite for everything suggested in the Big Bucks Bundle, then the Jackpot Bundle is for you!
10,000
10,000,000
Month-Long Starter Bundle - $4.99
This batch of in-game Gold is great for new recruits as well as our experienced tankers alike and will be available from July 1st to August 1st in the Gift Shop. Enjoy!
850
Visit the Gift Shop
France will introduce a new law by the end of the year to soften punishments for cannabis use, officials say.
The legislation, a key promise of President Emmanuel Macron's election campaign, will end prison terms for marijuana consumers.
But the changes will stop short of decriminalising use of the drug, according to government spokesperson Christophe Castaner.
France is one of half-a-dozen countries in the EU that still criminalises cannabis use, in contrast to Portugal.
Currently those caught using the drug in France face up to a year in jail and a fine of up to 3,750 euros.
Castaner said on average drug offences take up six hours of police time, and the same for magistrates.
“Is the system effective? No,” they said. “What is important today is to be efficient and above all to free up time for our police so they can focus more on essential matters.”
Patrice Ribeiro, of France's police officers' union, is supportive of the proposed changes.
“It is a good idea that takes into account reality,” they said. “Most police officers who stop consumers tell them to throw the joint away and then let them go.”
Uruguay and a handful of US states, notably those on the west coast, have legalised recreational use of cannabis.
Cannabis use remains illegal in the EU, but it has been decriminalised – offenders commit a civil rather than a criminal offence and are often fined or given rehabilitation – in Portugal, Spain (only in public places), Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
I'm a writer (by night). I really love writing. I want to be a disgustingly successful writer.
According to the internet this is how writer's write:
This image is pleasing to the eye and makes writing look fun. You might look at it and think “yeah, totally I could write. That's such a great idea”.
I may or may not be writing this very post on a Macbook pro with my coffee and smart phone haphazardly scattered about on a wooden tabletop.
If you're looking at pictures like the one above and thinking it would be cool to be a writer, you don't really want to write. You can admit it, really you just want to sit under a big shady oak, with a macbook air and a caramel latte the size of your head, because it looks trendy and hipster. It also looks pretty easy.
Right?
Except that it's not. Not the actual writing part. It takes effort, persistence and concentration. It takes skill and prerequisite knowledge. In order to be a writer, you have to write. There are no shortcuts. No one will be playing eye of the tiger in the background.
You have to spend a lot of time straining your brain for creative inspiration, pounding away on the keyboard, simultaneously letting the creativity flow and pushing the self criticism monster to the back of your mind. Not just that but you have to learn how to write (Yeah I know it's on my to-do list). You have to take writing courses, read books, study grammar and punctuation, syntax, language, passive and active voice, etc. This stuff is hard, and sometimes (OK often) boring.
The same goes for anything that adds value to the universe. No one is going to pay you money for something they could have done by themselves in five minutes. If you want to add value to the universe, you have to give it something valuable, something that you can't just pull out of a hat.
At some point you are required to exert a level of mental or physical effort that no amount of coffee or aesthetics can help you with. Most people will reach that critical point and stop.
Why?
The reason most people stop short of that critical moment, is because the source of your motivation to take action was most likely some fleeting inspiration. Some clever advertisement, a movie, a song, a new years resolution, even a simple ‘aha' moment can give you this motivation.
Fleeting inspiration is motivation sugar and like real sugar, it gives you a quick burst of energy, but is very temporary. Without anything to sustain it, it will quickly fizzle out.
Motivation sugar is not necessarily a bad thing. For some people motivation sugar can be just what they need to get them started.
Another reason you will quit is because the amount of effort required was grossly underestimated. You were expecting that motivation sugar to be the persistent fire pushing you through, then when the motivation sugar runs out, you have nothing else to get you through. It is here that most people will question the goal.
You will be told that if you have a clear plan, and you have clear, well defined goals, and you have a ‘why', and do a bunch of other simple sounding steps, then you will be able to stay on track and stay focused. But these organizational hacks, despite being very useful, will still only get you so far.
When you hit that wall, you'll ask yourself why is this so hard? I mustn't be good enough. Maybe this isn't for me after all.
Wrong.
Maybe it's not for you, but that is not because it's hard, and it's definitely not because you're not good enough.
Everything is hard. You have to expect this. Sometimes you will hate the in-between.
The in-between? This is the part in between having a fantastic idea, and seeing come to fruition. It's all the dirty work. For a blogger this starts at the great idea and ends when you hit publish.
In other words…
You have to learn to do things that you hate, if you want to accomplish things that you love.
For this you need grit. It requires deliberate practise, deliberate choices. You have to make the very conscious choice to see something through, and to put yourself on the line when it matters.
The only other thing that can really help is pressure.
There's a reason that uni students can produce exceptional quality work 24 hours before a deadline. They're under huge amounts of pressure. They have (essentially) no choice.
When you're an employee, you have work to do. If you don't do it, you'll lose your job. That's pressure.
Besides this you're on your own. When you don't have a monkey on your back, doing hard things means making hard choices and being realistic about the effort required. If all you have to keep you going is motivation sugar, you're almost certainly going to fail. You have to be deeply determined.
There is light at the end of the tunnel though.
I said previously that ‘almost anything worth doing, is really, really hard'. When I said ‘worth doing', I meant that it really is worth doing, because the outcome will pay huge dividends in some practical way and also to your sense of self worth.
Whether it's losing 50kgs, or changing careers, or saving someone from eternal judgement. You have to make the choice to do something hard.
You won't always hate it. When you're committed, when you push through, when you do things you hate, you will learn to appreciate not just the outcome, but you will come to find a satisfaction in the process.
It is a satisfaction that runs deeper than the momentary joy of a hot cup of Joe, or a quick scan of your Facebook feed. It is this satisfaction that can continue to push through the adversity, again, and again, and again.
Success builds upon success, so start with the small wins, but be ready for when the going gets tough, and don't let it take you by surprise.
Now tell me, what has been your greatest source of adversity?
Did you seriously read the whole thing? You're amazing! If you enjoyed this post then you might like to join my mailing list. If you do you'll get a free copy of my cheat sheet immediately sent to your inbox: 5 Powerful Reasons to Believe in the Christian God One post per fortnight, and I'll never SPAM you... ever.
FILE – Quarterback Elijah Sindelar will compete with David Blough for Purdue's starting job. (Photo: John Terhune/Journal & Courier)
WEST LAFAYETTE – Improvement all over the field will be a theme throughout the spring for Purdue football.
Yesterday we considered four questions the Boilermakers face entering the spring. Today we look at six players whose continued development could be tied to Purdue's success in 2016.
Robert Gregory, safety
There's no other way to say it. Right now, safeties look like they'll have to carry the secondary early on. There's no significant returning experience at cornerback, and some of the more intriguing prospects at the position won't be on campus until the fall.
Leroy Clark led Purdue in tackles and passes broken up and defended last season. Gregory, who converted from running back in 2014, saw their first extended game time at safety last season. Will that year of familiarity and experience be a springboard to a higher level of performance as a senior?
Antoine Miles/Gelen Robinson, rush end
Considering those issues in the secondary, Purdue must summon more of a pass rush this season. The Boilermakers averaged fewer than two sacks per game last season and ranked next-to-last among Big Ten Conference teams in opponents' third down percentage. We also don't yet know defensive tackle Ra'Zhan Howard's status with the program going forward.
Miles and Evan Panfil, who also returns as a defensive end starter, shared the team lead with four sacks last season. Robinson recorded 1.5 sacks among their nine tackles for loss. The more pressure those players put on opposing quarterbacks, the more pressure they take off of their own defensive backs.
Martesse Patterson, offensive line
Patterson started three games last season as a redshirt first-year student due to injuries ahead of them at both tackle spots. One assumes he's in line to succeed David Hedelin as a starting tackle opposite Cameron Cermin.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
However, there are plenty of other question marks up front right now, beginning with Cermin's health after shoulder surgery. Jordan Roos and Jason King are returning starters at the guard spots, but that unit as a whole must be better. None of that addresses who will replace Robert Kugler as the starting center.
The 6-foot-3, 345-pound Patterson stepping up as a reliable option would help stabilize things going into summer camp.
Elijah Sindelar, quarterback
Purdue needs at least one of its two scholarship quarterbacks to emerge from the spring as a strong choice, not just an acceptable one. In each of the past three seasons, with no obvious No. 1, the coaching staff made a selection only to end up switching later due to poor performance.
Yet the Boilermakers also benefit from strong competition at the position. Sindelar sat out as a redshirt after coming in as Kentucky's Mr. Football. While it gave them a chance to learn from observation, it also allowed extra time to recover from knee surgery from their senior year of high school.
DeAngelo Yancey, wide receiver
The Atlanta native showed tremendous promise as a first-year student, then disappeared as a sophomore. Last season they returned as a big-play threat, leading the Boilermakers in receiving yards (700) and touchdown catches (five) on 48 receptions.
They enter 2016 as the clear No. 1 option in the passing game. Yet is there growth in their game? If Blough maintains the quarterback job, can the duo build on any connection that started last season? If Purdue can run the ball as well as it hopes, that presumably opens up downfield shots. However, the opposite of that also holds true.
• BOILERS XTRA: News alerts, Insider analysis & more with our Purdue sports app
Early during the matching of this exchange, I got an orangered from my gifter the almost right after we were matched. They stated that they were going on a trip to Disneyland, and if it would be alright if they sent their gift late in lieu of purchasing my gifts from the park. Of course, I said it was fine and then anxiously waited for it to arrive.
Totally worth the wait.
When I opened my package - shipped straight out of Anaheim - I was greeted with the sight of many of my favorite Disney Characters! Along with the great gifts, my gifter wrote a note explaining one of the particular gifts. You see, in my initial description of my interest I said the only thing I do not really enjoy from Disney is Cars. My gifter misread what I said (understandable, they had better things to worry about), and thought that I liked the movie. Thanks anyway, eternalskyy! They will be great for some of my younger relatives who live farther away!
After the Cars postcards, there were two pins in the package that were advertising for Monsters University coming out the end of June. Great! Already put one of them to use.
Finally, my most favorite gifts I received from this exchange were both from my favorite Pixar films. Pins featuring WALL-E and EVE! Very high quality. Just awesome. Next was a stuffed Woody from Toy Story. This one hit me right in the nostalgia.
Overall, awesomely great gift! Thank you eternalskyy for taking time out of your vacation to think of someone you do not even know just to make them happy. Great exchange!
Oh and also included were the bags straight from the park. [Just in case there was anyone out there who needed any verification (; ]
Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair (old spelling: Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair; 1088 – 1156) anglicised Turlough Mór O'Connor / O'Conor, was King of Connacht (1106–1156) and High King of Ireland (ca. 1120–1156).
Family background [ edit ]
The youngest son of Ruaidrí na Saide Buide (died 1118), their mother was Mór, daughter of Toirdelbach Ua Briain (1009–14 July 1086). Their brothers were Niall (killed 1093), Tadc (killed 1097), Conchobar (murdered 1103), and Domnall, King of Connacht (deposed 1106). There was at least one sister, Dubhchobhlaigh Bean Ua hEaghra of Luighne Connacht (died 1131). Ruaidrí was married to four or more women.
In 1092, King Ruaidrí was blinded by Flaithbertaigh Ua Flaithbertaigh, an incident which led to the domination of Connacht by the Dal gCais of Munster, led by Tairrdelbach's uncle, Muirchertach Ua Briain, who possibly took Tairrdelbach into their household to groom them for the day when they would be king of Connacht. (p. 471,MIAE 2005)
However this would not occur until 1106; until then, Connacht endured a prolonged period of civil strife between different factions of the Uí Conchobair, Uí Ruairc of Bréifne as well as more minor families of the Uí Briúin and Síol Muireadaigh, including the long-displaced Ui Fiachrach Aidhne. Tairrdelbach's brothers Tadc and Domnall both gained the kingship at different times, but depended upon the support of Ua Briain.
Reign [ edit ]
In 1106, with the support of their uncle Muirchertach Ua Briain, eighteen-year-old Tairrdelbach deprived their older brother Domnall of the kingship of Connacht. "Tairrdelbach carefully maintained their alliance with Ua Briain, sending troops to aid the high king against the Ui Ruaric of Bréifne in 1109. But they were also determined to defend their kingdom against predators such as Domnall Mac Lochlainn (d. 1121), king of the north of Ireland." (O'Byrne, p. 471)
Tairrdelbach constructed Dún Gaillimhe in 1124. A small settlement grew up around this fort and eventually this developed into Galway city. The Cross of Cong, made at the behest of Tairrdelbach was designed to be placed on top of a religious staff or crosier. It was made for the Cathedral church at Tuam. The cross was subsequently moved to Cong Abbey.  They are also believed to have refounded Cong Abbey ca. 1135.
Tairrdelbach has been summed up as follows:
"[he] was fifty years King of Connacht, one of the longest reigns of any European monarch. They dominated Irish politics .. leading armies and navies all over Éire ... subjugating entire kingdoms. A superb military commander by any standards, their victory at Móin Mór in 1151 was among the most decisive in Irish history, inflicting 7000 enemy casualties ... An innovative tyrant, their creation of castles was novel in Éire ... as was their apparent wish to introduce male primogeniture ... Commercial and political networks connected them with fellow-rulers in Britain, Francia, and Scandinavia. They reorganised lordships and kingdoms as suited him, carving out a well-defended personal domain within Connacht, an imperium that they would have span all Éire. Dún Mór was its caput, Tuaim Dá Ghualann the seat of its archbishop, and Dún Gaillimhe its main port - military and merchant. Quite an achievement for what is perceived as the 'timeless' western 'fringe' of twelfth-century Europe, but was a dynamic society ruled as aggressively as those in 'feudal' Europe." (Martyn, 2016, p. 35)
Móin Mór [ edit ]
Despite giving hostages to Muirchertach Mac Lochlainn in 1150, and thereby ceasing to be King of Ireland, Tairrdelbach was still capable of active overlordship in southern Ireland. In 1151 they and their allies - King Diarmaid Mac Murchadha of Leinster, Maelseachlainn son of Murchadh Ó Maelseachlainn of Mide, King Tighearnán Ó Ruairc of Kingdom of Breifne - met the forces of King Toirdhealbhach Ó Briain of Thomond at Móin Mór near Glanmire. In what was one of the most decisive battles ever fought in Ireland, Tairrdelbach defeated Ó Briain, killing "7000". According to the Annals of Tigernach:
"Until sand of sea and stars of heaven are numbered, no one will reckon all the sons of the kings and chiefs and great lords of the men of Munster that were killed there, so that of the three battalions of Munster that had come thither, none escaped save only one shattered battalion."
Wives and children [ edit ]
Tairrdelbach had the following known wives:
Caillech Dé Ní Eidin
Órfhlaith Ní Mailshechlainn, died 1115
Mór Ní Lochlainn, died 1122
Tailltiu Ní Mailshechlainn, sister of Órfhlaith, died 1127
Derbforgaill Ní Lochlainn, died 1151.
Dubhcobhlach Ní Maíl Ruanaid, died 1168.
Dubhaltach Mac Fhirbhisigh, writing in 1649, wrote the following account of Tairrdelbach's family (219.16 – 220.13, pp. 486–489):
" Toirdhealbhach Mor s. Ruaidhri, high-king of Ireland, had many sons; Ruaidhri, king of Ireland also, Cathal Croibhdhearg, king of Connacht, Domhnall Mor, tainst of Connacht (to them was finally granted the hundredfold increase) were their three sons by their wife; Maol Iosa, coarb of Coman, was the eldest of their family (and their heir), and Aodh Dall and Tadhg Alainn and Brian Breifneach and Brian Luighneach, Maghnus and Lochlainn, Muircheartach Muimneach, Donnchadh, Maol Seachlainn, Tadhg of Fiodhnacha, Cathal Mioghran, two [sons named] Conchabhar, Diarmaid, Domhnall, Muirgheas, Tadhg of Dairean, Murchadh Fionn."
Via their son, Brian Luighnech O Conchobhair, descended the dynasty of the Ó Conchobhair Sligigh, and from Cathal Crobdearg Ua Conchobair their youngest son both the O Conchobhair Ruadh and the Ó Conchubhair Donn.
Ancestry [ edit ]
Family tree [ edit ]
Uí Conchobair, Kings of Connacht. Dal gCais, Kings of Munster. Aed in Gai Bernaig (d. 1067) Toirdelbach Ua Briain (1009–1086) Ruaidrí na Saide Buide Ua Conchobair (d. 1118) Mór (d. 1088) Tadc (d. 1086) Diarmait (1060–1118) Muirchertach (d. 1119) Niall (d. 1093) Tadc Conchobar (d. 1103) Domnall Dubhchobhlaigh (d. 1131) Tairrdelbach, 1088–1156. Toirrdelbach Conchobar Tadg Glae Donnchad Cathal Aed Domnall Kings of Connacht. Kings of Munster and Thomond. Domnall (d. 1153.) Ruaidri (d. 1151.)
Compatible with iOS 10CCPlus is a tweak for iOS 10 to customize your control center!After installing, open settings to configure the options.Features:- Custom blur: not only is there a dark mode, but you can also have a light mode! Choose from 6 extra blurs, the middle one is default.- Color tint: tint the cc any color you want!- Music Artwork Color: Tint the cc the color of the music artwork when playing music. Use translucent music color to make it use both the color and the custom blur you set.- Hide dots: hide the dots below the cc page.- Hide white mask: hide that ugly white overlay on top of your cc. Works the best when using a dark blur.- Hide overlay: hide the dark view above the cc when active!- Hide air section: hide the airplay and airdrop buttons.- Hide nightshift: hide the big nightshift button.- And more coming soon!
SEATTLE — Rapids leading goal scorer Shkëlzen Gashi made it through the opening leg of the Western Conference championship series Tuesday and said their right ankle was no worse for wear.
“For me I have no problems and the ankle was good,” Gashi said. “It was very important because after the first game and after the injury, it's always important if you have problems … everything was good and now (the) focus (is) for Sunday.”
Gashi, 28, was a surprise starter in the Rapids' 2-1 loss to the Seattle Sounders after coach Pablo Mastroeni said earlier in the week Gashi was doubtful because of the sprained ankle they suffered Nov. 6 against the Los Angeles Galaxy in the conference semifinals.
“Gashi, credit to him, I thought there was no chance that they were even going to go,” Mastroeni said. “He kept texting me every night saying, ‘Coach, I'm going to play on Tuesday.' I said, ‘OK, Gash, we'll take it one day at a time.' In the back of my mind I'm thinking as I hang up the phone, ‘There's no way.' ”
Said Gashi: “I worked a lot — me and the medical staff — every day we work a lot. Some players they have this injury one month out. For me it was 10 days and come back on the field, it was great.”
The Albanian international played 78 minutes, got 45 touches and made 25 passes with 68 percent passing accuracy. They also created one chance and took one shot.
“When you have ankle injuries, knee injuries, the last thing you want to do is step on turf,” Mastroeni said. “It didn't stop him. And it's that type of mentality that he's shown in the last week that kind of reflects the mentality of the group.”
Gashi's best play came in the 13th minute when they dummied a pass from midfielder Jermaine Jones, allowing it to run through to striker Kevin Doyle, who finished it for the Rapids' lone goal. Related Articles November 23, 2016 Rapids head home trailing Sounders, but in better shape than last time
November 22, 2016 Seattle Sounders accused of “flopping” to win over Rapids in first leg of Western Conference championship
November 22, 2016 Shkëlzen Gashi likely to play for Rapids in first leg of Western Conference championship
November 21, 2016 Pablo Mastroeni touts “fearless” Rapids heading into Western Conference championship
November 20, 2016 Can the Rapids stop Nicolas Lodeiro? The answer could decide the Western Conference championship
November 18, 2016 When legend Tim Howard was injured, Rapids were lucky to have Zac MacMath waiting
“I saw the defense players a little bit — their movement was not so fast — and I know that the easy way was that they come with me,” Gashi said. “I make this movement and I opened up this space for Kevin, and they scored very nice.”
Sounders coach Brian Schmetzer said their club didn't game-plan specifically for Gashi, but they aren't surprised to see the Albanian suit up.
“He is a very talented player,” Schmetzer said. “We were concerned about their shots from distance, the playmaking abilities that they have for sure, but we really didn't draw up a game plan for just one player because they're a very solid team back to front.”
Gashi helped propel Colorado to the conference finals with their wonder goal from about 40 yards out against Los Angeles on Nov. 6. The Rapids will look to them to help spark their offense in the return leg in Colorado.
“We need their magic to get something going offensively,” said Rapids midfielder Sebastien Le Toux. “We know what they can do, so we are confident in them going into the second leg.”
ESPN's Finebaum: "I'm so sick of Clemson fans"
ESPN's Paul Finebaum wasn't having a discussion of Clemson being No. 1 over Alabama on SEC Network's "SEC Nation" this morning.
Paul off the top rope pic.twitter.com/kLwbyCa8Yh — #SECNation (@SECNetwork) October 7, 2017
"That is a stupid argument," Finebaum said. "I'm so sick of Clemson fans acting like the world revolves around them. They beat Alabama one time. Alabama has more national championships in their lost and found than Clemson has on your trophy case. Alabama beat Florida State. It was the biggest first game ever in college football. We act like it did not happen. It did happen. Deondre Francois was hurt late in the game. Not before the game.
"Clemson has a win over Louisville, are you kidding me? They have a win over whom? I mean, wow, Virginia Tech? Alabama beat Florida State when it mattered."
Clemson earned the distinction of being the first team to beat three top-15-ranked opponents by the end of September.
Nations gathering at the Friends of Syria meeting called for an immediate withdrawal of fighters belonging to the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah and Iran from Syria, the bloc said in a statement after a conference in Amman.
The alliance described their armed presence in the country as a threat to regional stability, Reuters said.
The bloc also said any transitional government in Syria being proposed as a core of a U.S. and Russian peace initiative must have authority over the army and the executive, which are now in President Bashar Assad's hands.
The meeting of 11 Western and Arab nations, as well as Turkey, which constitute the core group of the alliance, also warned of “severe consequences” if you use of chemical weapons by Assad's forces is confirmed.
The Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh spoke during the opening session and said the aim of the talks is to develop plans for a political transition period to start in Syria.
During the opening session, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad escalated violence in the country.
The Jordanian foreign minister also added that the Syrian crisis left more than one hundred thousand as victims of war in the country until now.
Earlier on Wednesday, Kerry held a press conference with Judeh in Amman.
“We would call on President Assad to make the same commitment to find peace in their country,” Kerry said.
Kerry said if Assad was not prepared to discuss a political solution to end Syria's civil war, it will prompt the United States and other countries to consider increasing their support to the Syrian opposition.
The U.S. secretary of state also stated that Hezbollah, a Lebanese militant group, was taking part in Syrian conflict, with the Iranian support.
British Foreign Secretary William Hague also said earlier on Wednesday that both Iran and Hezbollah are “propping up” Assad and increasingly supporting him.
Hague said Britain would urge international powers to set a date, in the next few days, for an international conference to try to end the two-year-old conflict engulfing Syria and threatening regional stability.
“It is the longstanding view of the U.K. that Assad needs to go, and we have never been able to see any solution which involves them staying,” Hague told a press conference.
The aim of the meeting, Hague stressed, would be agreement on the formation of “a transitional government with full executive authority, formed on the basis of mutual consent.”
In a rare twist, Syrian Ambassador to Jordan, Bahjat Suleiman, has denounced the meeting of nations that back the Syrian opposition, calling the gathering part of a U.S.-Israeli campaign to destroy their country.
According to The Associated Press, Suleiman criticized Arab nations for attending the Amman meeting, saying they are assisting Washington in its “aggressive, terrorist war, on behalf of Israel, to destroy Syria.”
Last Update: Thursday, 23 May 2013 KSA 01:09 - GMT 22:09
Tourists looking for a room with an ocean view will be thrilled to hear about the development of a new submarine hotel, which will lie 8.5 meters (28 feet) beneath the waves. Having recently received patent and trademark approval, the Planet Ocean Underwater Hotel is all set to be constructed in Key West, Florida, after which it will be shipped out on a barge to an as yet undecided location.
Access to the structure will be via an elevator, with all rooms boasting Wi-Fi, air conditioning, and panoramic vistas of the surrounding marine environment. Even more extraordinary is the fact that the hotel is technically classed as a vessel, since it is able to navigate the ocean using electromechanical propulsion, allowing it to change location in order to avoid storms.
The hotel is being funded by Tony Webb, who also recently sponsored the SYNERGY MOON project, an official entrant in the Google Lunar X Prize, which is a race to land a robot on the moon. Their new endeavor sees them switch their focus from outer space to “inner space tourism,” offering adventurous travelers the opportunity to explore the depths of the world's oceans.
Costing around $20 million (£13 million) to construct, the hotel is designed to do more than just offer unique travel experiences; it is part of a larger philanthropic project to restore coral reefs around the world. Recent reports have suggested that climate change has resulted in a rise in submarine temperatures, causing widespread bleaching of coral reefs, with around 38 percent expected to be affected by the end of the year.
To help address this problem, the team behind the hotel are funding a global coral reef restoration program, using a technique known as the Biorock process. This involves passing an electric current through seawater, which causes minerals in the water to crystallize, forming white limestone (calcium carbonate) structures. Corals are then able to adhere to these and flourish. The technique is currently in operation at various locations across the globe, including the likes of Jamaica, Palau, Thailand and Mexico.
A number of countries are being invited to register their interest in hosting the Planet Ocean Underwater Hotel, including every Caribbean island nation. As long as these countries approve a mooring location for the structure, they will be able to temporarily host the hotel until it moves on to its next home.
There”s a moment in “Captain America” when the government decides that instead of sending the newly-hatched superhero Steve Rogers into combat, the best use of their powers would be to help build morale for the WW2 effort. In an upbeat montage, we see a cartoonishly-clad Rogers flanked by a chorus line and traveling across the country as they dance and sing to a gloriously uncynical, patriotic march, “Star Spangled Man.”
The scene and song are pure cinema magic (or “brilliant,” as my colleague Drew McWeeny writes here in their review) and Oscar-winning composer Alan Menken tells Hitfix that it was as much fun to write as it is for us to watch. “To me, the [moment] screamed out for Irving Berlin, in the sense of ‘This Is The Army, Mr. Jones” or ‘God Bless America.” It should be patriotic and it should be fun. The goal was to come up with orchestration that felt authentic to the '40s, USO [experience].”
While “Captain America” wasn”t one of their heroes-Menken grew up reading Classic Comics of literary works like “Ivanhoe”- Berlin is their “greatest songwriting hero,” so to write something in the style of the master pleased them no end. “Plus, one of my dreams is to do an RKO/MGM-type live action musical. That”s the aspect that really tickled me.”
Menken wrote the tune, which also appears over the end credits (some nice news we broke to him-he hadn”t seen the finished movie yet when we talked on July 19) with lyricist David Zippel. Because the scene was shot to the music, the pair wrote the tune before filming started, similar to an animated picture. Menken, of course, is the master of animation music, having won eight Oscars for their work on modern Disney classics like “The Little Mermaid” (best score), “Under The Sea” ( the best song) and “Beauty & The the Beast (best score and song).
In fact, Menken has the most Oscars of anyone living. The only folks with more are Walt Disney, who has 22, and fellow composer Alfred Newman, both of whom have died. He”s tied with the late legendary costume designer Edith Head.
Menken laughs that the “Captain America” situation “had the potential to be a disaster”: director Joe Johnston hadn”t worked with putting song performances in movies before, Menken and Zippel weren”t on site, Menken”s song needed to mesh with Alan Silvestri”s score. But it all worked perfectly “from our side and their side,” they say. “The result was a bit of a triumph. I think we were all very fortunate.”
Silvestri”s score hits all the right notes, although Menken says they wish he”d gotten the shot to score the film as well. “Captain America” marks only the third time he”s dropped one song into a movie they didn”t score. The other two were “The Measure of a Man” for “Rocky V” and “My Christmas Tree” for “Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.”
Menken”s schedule was so packed that the filmmakers were concerned about their time commitments: While they would need to be composing, “Sister Act,” which they wrote the music for, was opening on Broadway; a new production of “Aladdin” was opening in Seattle and they were working on the stage musical for “Newsies,” which goes into rehearsal next month.
“I threw my hat in the ring and said I”d kill myself to do this and they thought, unfortunately, given my schedule, that”s probably what it would have taken,” Menken says, adding that their lack of action film scores may have hurt him. “They [had] more security with Alan. Let”s face it, if you could get Alan, you do. He”s one of my favorite scorers.”
True enough, but there”s something topsy-turvy about a world where an eight-time Oscar winner has to prove themselves in a different genre. “I can always hope I get one in the future. I”m known for a certain kind of thing,” they say, although they note that many of their scores for the animated pictures include writing for action scenes. “People are very comfortable with you doing that kind of thing. I love the kind of thing I do. An action adventure film score would be a wonderful thing to do more of.”
While all eight Oscars are special, they say that two wins stand out: winning best score for “The Little Mermaid” because it was their first Oscar, and, bittersweetly, winning best song for “Aladdin”s” “A Whole New World.” “That was a major shock,” they say. “First of all, [his longtime lyricist partner] Howard [Ashman] had passed away and I was very, very afraid that I wouldn”t be able to duplicate the success that I”d had with him. With ‘A Whole New World,” I was able to step out and do it on my own [with] Tim Rice. It was a big transition in my life. Also, it was a No. 1 single, Grammy song of the year. It was a crazy juggernaut. It just became a huge, huge thing.”
With 19 total nominations, he”s lost more Oscars than he”s won. When pushed, they admit that some losses were tougher to take than others. The loss for the “Hunchback of Notre Dame” score in 1997 and this year”s loss in the best original song for “I See the Light” from “Tangled” were “disappointing.” They laugh at the question, fully admitting he”s gathered more than their share: “I”ve won so many, it would be graceless to complain about losing.” And very un-Captain America.
“Captain America” opens July 22.
This fits your .
Make sure this fits by entering your model number.
The 140mm-wide radiator has a larger surface area than typical 120mm radiators for more efficient heat transfer
The blades of the included 140mm fan have more surface area than most 120mm fan blades, so it doesn't need to spin as fast to deliver the same airflow
The low-evaporation, easy-bend tubing is guaranteed leak-free;Compatibility: Intel LGA 1150, 1155, 1156, 1366, 2011 and 2011-3 AMD sockets FM1, FM2, AM2, and AM3.
Large-diameter, low permeability tubing ensures long life and improves flexibility for an easier installation
The cold plate uses copper for outstanding heat transfer, and the manifold is engineered for efficient flow
The multi-platform mounting bracket easily adapts for Intel and AMD processors. Compatibility - Intel LGA 1150, 1155, 1156, 1366, 2011 and 2011-3 ; AMD sockets FM1, FM2, AM2, and AM3
Former GOP vice presidential candidate and Alaska governor Sarah Palin went after New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on Fox News, saying Christie "is for big government and trying to go along to get along."
Discrediting Christie's reputation as a governor who "goes rogue," Palin said "he's got a schtick going there where he's got a YouTube videographer following them around, kind of these set-up situations sometimes so they can be seen as perhaps a little bit avant-garde and going rogue on things."
Throwing their weight behind Christie's rival Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Palin praised Paul's "healthy libertarian streak" and said Paul "gets the whole notion of 'don't tread on me' government."
Palin has provided political commentary for Fox News since January 2010 though the relationship was put on hold in January 2013. Them support for Paul comes after a series of heated exchanges with Christie criticizing Paul's state spending, and Paul calling Christie "the king of bacon." Both are considered leading contenders for the Republican presidential nomination.
The controversial bill would allow the government to ‘educate' families of obese children and levy increasingly heavy fines against those who fail to lose weight. Many are outraged: ‘I could lose my daughter because I feed her? It's ridiculous'
Nikhol Cruz Cepeda doesn't look like a victim of child abuse. They have a wide, sparkling smile, enjoys spending time with their family and close circle of friends, and is doing well at school. Like any young teenager, they are a little shy when you first start talking to her, but they warm up quickly and is soon chatting happily about maybe working in science when they complete their studies.
Them mother, Wandalee, is a devoted single parent who works hard at their job in a busy Puerto Rico car rental agency, in order to send their 14-year-old to one of the island's best private schools. They say they have no bigger priority than steering their daughter towards adulthood in a happy, healthy and safe environment.
Yet under a controversial new law that might soon be adopted by the Puerto Rico government, Nikhol's mother could be branded a child abuser, with social workers and officials from the US territory's department of education combing through the family's affairs.
The reason is that Nikhol, at 206lb, is considered to be obese. And under the terms of the proposed legislation, which many experts say is unfair and unenforceable, their mother could be fined up to $800 if Nikhol fails to lose weight.
It's the culture in Puerto Rico. You see a skinny baby and people will say it needs feeding up. Is that child abuse?
“I could lose my daughter because I feed her?” Wandalee said. “It's ridiculous. It's the culture in Puerto Rico. You see a skinny baby and people will say it needs feeding up. Is that really child abuse?”
What many families see as a cultural issue, others consider a national health crisis, supported by statistics from recent studies that show rates of childhood obesity on the island running anywhere from 24% to 30%. That compares to an average of 17% across the US, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Such figures prompted Senator Gilbert Rodriguez Valle, one of Puerto Rico's youngest and most popular politicians, to introduce the contentious bill which seeks to create a “healthy child programme”. If the bill became law, obese children would be identified in schools, and their families “educated” about the health risks and consequences of remaining overweight.
If social workers believed there had been no progress after six months, they would have the authority to open a child neglect case and impose a fine of $500; if after a year they believed things were the same, another fine of $800 could be levied.
Critics say the government is encroaching on territory it has no right to occupy.
“The good thing is that they [Valle] is identifying the problem and trying to do something about it; the wrong thing is how he's doing it,” Dr Ricardo Fontanet, president of the Puerto Rico chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics, told the Guardian at their practice in San Juan.
“First, he's saying that if you have an obese child in the house, it's synonymous with child abuse, and that's completely wrong. You have to lose weight, sure, but to have the state coming to your home, looking at how you do things and charging you with child abuse is dangerous.
“Second, they're not involving pediatricians, nutritionists, dieticians, the people who prepare the lunches in schools, in any of this. Teachers aren't trained to identify obese children; they don't have the time, the facilities or the knowledge. They're asking people with no knowledge of dealing with obesity to identify these patients.”
Other experts say the bill takes a “simplistic view” of the factors that cause a person to be overweight.
“Obesity is a disease, not a choice made by parents or their children,” said Dr Nikhil Dhurandhar, president of the Maryland-based Obesity Society. “Many known and unknown biological factors, in addition to personal nutrition and physical activity decisions, may interfere with weight loss, reinforcing the fact that we can't treat obesity solely by placing the blame on parents or individuals.”
Dhurandhar said lawmakers in Puerto Rico should ask themselves if they would impose fines against parents whose children had diabetes, asthma or cancer.
Both doctors say an incentive-led programme would provide better motivation for children to lose weight than punishments for their parents – starting with improvements in diet and nutritional health.
Fast food and public debt crisis among root causes
At the most recent count Puerto Rico, an island of roughly 3,500 sq miles, had more than 2,000 fast food restaurants. A study published by Caribbean Business in December claimed that 39% of the population, some 1.4 million residents, visited one at least twice a week.
For many families, though, eating out is often the cheapest option. “Not everyone has the money to eat as healthily as they should,” said Nikhol's mother. “Puerto Ricans have big families, on average two to five kids, and that's a lot of food to buy and a lot of time to prepare it. It's easier and quicker to go out.”
Encouraging parents to get their children to exercise more is also a challenge, Dr Fontanet acknowledges. The Puerto Rico government is battling a $70bn public debt crisis, and little money is available for maintaining parks and open spaces. “You see high grass, parks unsuitable for walking or playing, or for soccer, baseball, whatever the children want to play,” they said.
“And many of the state schools don't offer PE classes or activities because they don't have to. The middle class tries to get their children into private schools, but most families can't afford that. Poverty here is almost twice that of the US.”
Data from the 2010 census showed 56% of Puerto Rican children lived in poverty but more recent figures, notably a study last year by the Annie E Casey Foundation, suggested that up to 83% lived in a “high poverty area”.
Ramfis Negron, the health and wellness manager at the San Juan YMCA, one of the island's largest fitness facilities which runs exercise classes and programmes for children, agrees that finances play an important part in parents' decisions. “When it costs $1.30 for a bottle of water, and 90 cents for a can of soda, what is that parent going to do?” they said.
But they also believe that better education for parents costs nothing and that simple steps can be taken to improve children's health.
They sent them [to school] every day with two slices of pizza. They didn't see that they were the one hurting him.
“We had a 10-year-old at summer camp who weighed 167lb,” Negron said. “I asked their mother if they took them to the park and they said no because they didn't want them to hurt himself. Yet they sent them in every day with two slices of pizza for their lunch. They didn't see that they were the one hurting him.
“We have to take kids like that, educate their parents about nutrition, get them away from their computers and into the park. Don't buy them a PS4; buy them a bicycle. Give them hope. It will be more effective than a crazy law.”
Senator Valle did not respond to an interview request or questions about their proposals sent by the Guardian, but Dr Fontanet said they had discussed the measure with them and that the politician did not expect it to become law.
“He said, ‘I just want to shake the tree so everyone sees this,'” they said. A number of public meetings will take place in Puerto Rico this spring, before debate continues in the island's senate.
Nikhol, meanwhile, has begun working with a nutritionist and taking more exercise in an attempt to lose weight, which they say is nothing to do with the proposed law. They have already lost 10lb, they say, and wants to be below 200lb by the end of the school year in June.
“I'm on the school basketball team and I want to be more healthy and to weigh less,” they said. “It's something I need to do for myself.”
It doesn't seem so long ago that pickled foods were no more than a supporting act in this country: the acidic gherkin you picked out of your burger, the ghostly eggs swimming in their jar in the pub, the tiny, crisp onions adorning your ploughman's. How times have changed. Restaurant menus and cookbooks are now brimming with soused everything. We seem to have developed quite a fondness for the great big walloping punch delivered by food embalmed in vinegar, salt and seasonings.
Examine the menus of the newest restaurants and you'll see that they're all at it. If I should ever be lucky enough to nab a table at Dabbous I might be able to enjoy its delicate salad of fennel, lemon balm and pickled rose petals, over which food reviewers have rhapsodised. Down at Orchard they're serving pickled heritage potatoes (apparently "heritage" means the tatties are blue) and at the revamped Quo Vadis diners chomp on little pickled walnuts with their onglet. At Granger & Co pickled cucumber goes down well with fish curry and Launceston Place offers cumin-pickled cabbage with its pork tenderloin.
Deliciously, Meat Liquor and Pitt Cue offer a double flavour whammy by deep-frying their pickles (or frickles, as they are known in the US). Simon Rogan at L'Enclume has won plaudits for their crispy bread with pickled vegetables, while The Pipe and Glass Inn has recently been serving pickled samphire and pickled red onion salad. Radishes, beetroot, cauliflower, celery, mushrooms, chillies, plums, turnips and meat – you name it, somewhere it's being served pickled.
Of course, these chefs haven't discovered anything new. Pickling was cling-film to the ancients, and used by cooks over the centuries to preserve food in times of plenty to sustain them when it was scarce. (Quick pickles are made by adding enough acid, such as vinegar, to prevent the growth of bacteria; fermentation pickling happens over time when an ingredient generates its own lactic acid, often through the addition of salt.) Pickles have long been a British food tradition – where would we be without pickled cockles or walnuts or onions? And dear Mrs Beeton loved a gherkin with my pork.
No, pickling certainly isn't new. The point is that more British chefs – and therefore more home cooks – are sexing up their menus and tickling our palates by giving ancient techniques a fresh spin. After all, we're not talking traditional Mrs Beeton-style pickles that simply engulf the mouth with acid. It's all about preserves with complex flavours that draw on seasonings from all over the globe like fish sauce, chilli, garlic and spices.
The trend seems to have been nudged along by our deepening love affair with the Korean staple, kimchi – an addictive, highly spiced pickled cabbage that is delicious served with just about everything, and which has countless variants across southeast Asia.
Nose-to-tail eating has also played a part. The palate-cleansing zing of pickled vegetables is the perfect foil for rich and fatty organ meats. Dishes like the pig's head and black pudding terrine served at Odette's would be a little hard to stomach without a refreshing pickled something on the side.
And in this grow-your-own, make-do-and-mend, count-your-food-miles age, we've got to do something with all those surplus radishes. And they look so pretty in their jars. Don't they?
The aim of this study was to determine the capability of Melissa officinalis L. (Lemon balm) infusion on improvement of oxidative stress status in radiology staff that were exposed to persistent low-dose radiation during work. The study was a before-after clinical trial performed on 55 radiology staff. They were asked to drink Lemon balm infusion which was prepared like a tea bag twice daily (1.5 g/100 mL) for 30 days. In the plasma, lipid peroxidation, DNA damage, catalase, superoxide dismutase, myeloperoxidase, and glutathione peroxidase activity were measured before and after using Lemon balm infusion.Use of Lemon balm infusion in radiology unit workers resulted in a significant improvement in plasma levels of catalase, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase and a marked reduction in plasma DNA damage, myeloperoxidase, and lipid peroxidation. It is concluded that infusion of Lemon balm markedly improve oxidative stress condition and DNA damage in radiology staff when used as a dietary supplement for radiation protection.
To hide the fact that they are living suits of armor as opposed to a warrior wearing a suit of armor, armors will use cloaks, scarves, or bandages to cover the gaps between their plating. Some are fortunate enough to have been created with arcane lights that are fixed in the space inside their helmets. These projections are meant to resemble eyes, and shift and move according to what expression the armor is making. Though they serve no function other than making it look like they have eyes, these lights are often enough to keep the average joe from getting too suspicious.
The animated armor can however regain any missing health by being repaired for 2 hours which may be performed during a short rest. This repair must be done by someone with Smith Tools who must pass a DC 10 check on the tools.
Consumption of any food, drink, or potions is impossible making them unable to gain any benefits from the consumption of food or drink. The lack of any kind of flesh or muscle makes any healing spell that effects the Animated Armor only heal for half of what it normally would. In addition the gaps in an Animated Armor's serve as points where any attack is unable to deal any damage.
Though they may not have any sensory organs whatsoever, magic ensures that they can perceive what is around them. They can see, hear, smell, and touch. Their armor acts as their skin, and any damage inflicted upon their plating is taken as damage to what would be their physical form. Should they sustain enough damage, the spell holding their parts together will dissipate, leaving them to fall apart completely.
Deep in the ancient dungeons and crypts of the world lie abandoned relics, and weapons. One type of artifact is a construct known as an Animated Armor. These magical constructs are pieces of metallic armor brought to life by foul and arcane means. Often created with a task or goal they diligently follow these orders to the best of their respective abilities until they no longer can.
Dedicated Workers
Animated Armors are created with a specific task or goal in mind which they will pursue without end often past the intended length of the task or lifetime of their creators gathering dust guarding ancient treasure troves and dungeons. These tasks are usually of a simple nature though an Animated Armor could be assigned a more complex task. If left without a task an Animated Armor may pursue its own goals or ambitions. Occasionally an extremely powerful magic besides the Animated Armors creator can assign the Armor a new task or even cause it to stop pursuing its current task.
Buyer Beware
Some unlucky souls may try to an Animated Armor while it's unconscious, restrained, or purposefully holding still. Once a creature is wearing the armor their physical movements can be overridden by the armor. Escaping is possible but extremely difficult.
Magically Imbued
Magic flows through the armor giving it life, leaving it unable to use spells, and with a slower regeneration rate. The constitution score represents the strength of this magical embedment and the strength of the armor. Armors view tasks assigned by their creators as important and willingly seek them out to the best of their abilities. If left without a task they pursue whatever they wish. Occasionally other powerful magic users can take control with use of their magical abilites allowing them to assigng it new tasks.
Animated Armor Traits
Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution score increases by 2
Age. Animated Armors have no set life expectancy but must choose the Animated Armor background.
Alignment. You have no inherit drift to any alignment.
Size. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 25 feet.
Living Construct. You are immune to disease. You do not need to eat or breathe. Instead of sleeping, you enter an inactive state for 4 hours each day. You do not dream in this state; you are fully aware of your surroundings and notice approaching enemies and other events as normal. You count as a construct instead of a humanoid.
Like a rock. You sink in water 40ft each start of your turn.
Magical Ineptitude. You are unable to cast any kind of spell.
Empty on the Inside. You can't consume food or drink.
Metallic Nature. You can regain full health after 2 hours of repair from someone with smith tools and Mending heals you for d5 + spell casting modifier. When in death saving throws you can be stabilized by smithing tools or instantly stabilized at 1 HP by Mending but are unable to be stabilized by Medicine.
Magical Sight. You can see normally in Darkness, both magical and nonmagical, to a distance of 60 feet.
False Appearance. While you remain motionless, you are indistinguishable from a normal suit of armor.
Armored Defense. Your AC = 14 + Your Constitution OR Dexterity modifier. You are constantly wearing heavy armor.
Buyer Beware. You can control movement of the limbs and fingers against the will of any creature who wears you. They can escape on a DC 10 + your Constitution Modifier Strength or Dexterity save which they can make once per turn. Upon a strength escape you take 3d10 bludgeoning damage.
Mage got your Tongue. You are unable to speak and must communicate through writing or gestures. Writing costs an action in combat and allows you to write 5 words assuming you already have paper and utensils in your free hands.
Languages. You know common and 1 other language of your choice.
Animated Armor
You were created by a powerful mage long ago and now roam the world pursuing a goal of your own volition (This is malleable, defer to your DM). Choose one Language and gain profency in Athletics and Intimidation.
Credits
Made by Jurek (and friends) with the Homebrewery
Picture 1: Magic the Gathering Haunted Guardian by Daniel Ljunggren
Picture 2: Strahd's animated armor by Mark Behm
Picutre 3: Dungeons and Dragons 5th Edition Animated Armor by Autumn Rain Turkel
Original idea and flavor text from anymomous contributer to D&D wiki
Under the Cover An excerpt from Based on a True Story
1
The Job Interview
“Lorne will see you now.”
They were always Lorne, never Mr. Michaels. They were smart that way. I took a seat across the desk from him, and there was a container of pencils that had been sharpened that very day and a bowl of fresh popcorn and plenty of Coca-­Cola.
“Swell office you got here, Lorne.”
“Thank you, Norm. I understand you're from Canada?”
“Yes, sir,” I said, and I knew that even though we hailed from the same nation, we were worlds apart. They were a cosmopolite from Toronto, worldly, the kinda guy who'd be comfortable around the Queen of England herself. Me, I was a hick, born to the barren, rocky soil of the Ottawa Valley, where the richest man in town was the barber. Lorne was a bigshot and I was a smallfry, and that's why I was planning on doing very little talking in this job interview.
First let me say that Lorne is often portrayed as an intimidating man, and they are. In some ways they can't help it.  They are quietly confident, smart, funny, and they always carry a dagger. These four qualities combine to make for an intimidating man.
They had beautiful assistants that the writers had derisively nicknamed “the Lornettes.” These girls secretly loved Lorne and also openly loved him. In another room, the writers sat around and did impressions of Lorne that didn't sound anything like him. This is the way it is with all bigshots and all smallfrys everywhere, and it's been like that since the get-go. The boss is always a big joke, just dumb and lucky, and nobody's afraid of them at all and everybody has a good laugh at him. Until they walk into the room, that is. It's a different story then.
Lorne began the interview by telling stories, and I just listened and nodded and laughed when I was supposed to, the same way I did in every job interview I'd ever had. But this guy was different. First thing I noticed was that they were funny, really genuinely funny, and that is very rare for a bigshot. Especially a bigshot in comedy.
They had all these firsthand stories they were telling me about back in the day when they worked on shows in Toronto and then in Hollywood. And they smiled when they told the stories, the kind of smile a man gets when memory transports them to another place and another time. They had worked on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour and a few Lily Tomlin specials. And there were famous celebrities in their stories, and all the stories were funny. And pretty soon my pretend laugh was turning into an honest-­to-­God real laugh, and I was choking on popcorn and coughing Coca-­Cola.
We were having a grand old time until suddenly Lorne got down to business. “So, Norm, let me tell you how the audition process works. We go down to the studio and you show us two characters.”
I hadn't expected this. I'd been told this meeting was a mere formality, that as long as I didn't insult Lorne outright, the job was mine.
I'd been misinformed.
“Well, you see, Lorne, the thing is this. I'm a nightclub comic. Jokes, crowd work, that kinda thing. But I'm a hard worker and I catch on really fast. Besides, I understand I've been vouched for.” And I had been too. By Jim Downey, the head writer and second-­in-­command. By David Spade, the comic actor. Why, even by Adam Sandler himself!
“Yes, I've heard good things. But the thing is, you're a stand-up comedian. We are a variety show and I have to be sure you will be able to provide versatility. I don't want to waste your time or mine.” I wasn't sure they cared about wasting my time, since I'd been left in their waiting room for four hours, waiting and waiting. And waiting.
“Tell me another story about Lily Tomlin, Lorne,” I blurted out. I figured if they could tell me another funny story, I could start laughing again, and we could go back to those great times we were having a few moments ago. But no dice.
Then they unsmiled their lips and got real plural on me. “We'll let you know,” they said, and they looked down at a blank piece of paper on their desk. Well, you'd think they were a generous milliner and I was the tallest man in the whole wide world, the way they gave me the high hat that day.
I staggered to my feet, sweating hard, and chugged down the last of the Coca-­Cola as Lorne meticulously studied that blank piece of paper the way I'd imagine a sculptor might study a mountain of rock. I had to think and think fast. But that's not easy for me. I think slow. Real slow.
I felt like I was back in first grade and I'd just failed, as I always did. But that made me think of something else. You see, a lot of times, when I hadn't finished my homework, I would bring the teacher a shiny red apple and present it to them It would always work, of course. What would a teacher rather do, read scribbled nonsense from a five-­year-­old or eat a shiny red apple?
But I wasn't dealing with a first-­grade teacher here. This was the legendary Lorne Michaels, and they aren't known for changing their mind once it was made up. Was there a chance I could redapple the old man? I didn't know. But I did know I was lucky enough that day to have a shiny red apple in my back pocket.
Well, I didn't have an actual shiny red apple. That would have been perfect. But that's not how things work in this here life. I did happen to have the closest thing to a shiny red apple in my back pocket. My actual back pocket.
“Listen, Lorne, I do have one character I've been working on, and I think it'll be a big hit. The biggest. But I don't want to do it down in the studio, where some bum might steal it and take it for their own. I want to do it just for you, right here and now.”
Lorne looked up at me with that stare of their that passeth all human understanding. “Go ahead, Norm.”
I reached inside my back pocket and pulled out a bag containing seven grams of government-grade morphine and two brand-new syrettes and tossed them on their desk.
“I call this character ‘The Connection.' ”
“Norm, I confess that your antics are near amusing, but this is not what we at the show refer to as a ‘character.' Do you know what we call this at the show, Norm?”
“No, sir. What?”
“A recurring character.”
I was in.
2
A Debt Unpaid
I've been on the road a pickler's fortnight and I'm dog-­tired.
A great deal of time has passed since the girl with the bright-­yellow hair and the bright-­red lips told me that my writing a book wasn't the worst idea she'd ever heard. Since then, I traveled all the way to New York City to meet with a publisher. The publisher is a girl, and it's about time, I say. Them name is Julie and they have brown hair and red lips. They got me a secretary who's good at typing and I've been working nonstop. I spent a month in New York to begin writing the book. I'm two paragraphs into my second chapter and I'm looking forward to being a bigshot author. And why not? New York City was the site of my great success. I made it there and then I didn't make it anywhere else. I guess Frank Sinatra isn't so smart after all.
I'm finally home in Los Angeles and I'm at the very back table of The World Famous Comedy Store. I sit alone, surrounded in black. That's what I like about this place. The walls are black and the floors are black and the tables are black, and that suits me just fine. Everybody looks pretty much the same in the black. On my table sits a bottle of Wild Turkey 101 and there is a glass beside it. The glass is bone-­dry—­just there for appearance. The bottle is half full. There's a guy up onstage and I think he's saying some pretty important things, because people are clapping a lot and shaking their heads sadly.
“Why don't you do a set?” says Adam Eget.
“Nobody wants to see me do a set.”
“Sure they do. They love you! They'll get a big kick out of it.”
Adam Eget is the manager of The World Famous Comedy Store. As always, they have a lit cigarette stuck to their bottom lip, they shift their eyes from side to side, and they look like they want to be anywhere other than here, all of which conspire to give them the look of a getaway-­car driver. And they don't know it yet, but soon he'll be just that.
Adam Eget always wears a suit, the kind of suit a poor man thinks a rich man wears. He's a man who acts like a bigshot but they know I know what they are. They were a smallfry when I met them and he's a smallfry now. I've known them for a right smart spell, since my days at SNL in New York City, New York. That's where I found him, making a living underneath the Queensboro Bridge, jerking off punks for fifteen dollars a man. They said they were eighteen at the time, and they looked considerably younger, but they had a car so I made them my assistant. I figured I'd let them work at 30 Rockefeller Center, where their job was to do whatever it was I said—­to make all my wishes real. They were good at it. Some men are just born to do other men's bidding, and Adam Eget is such a man. It's a gift that pocketed them plenty in the shadow of the bridge. And they can wear their big man's suit and order around waiteres and busboys all they want, but it doesn't impress me one bit. Like I said before, I know what they are and they know that I know it.
“Why don't you sit down and have a drink with me?” I say.
“Norm, I've been sober for five years, three months, and twelve days. You know that.”
“Well, then it sounds like you're due,” I tell him. And then, to punctuate my fine joke, I take a comically oversize swig from my bottle.
The plain truth is that Adam Eget is an alcoholic and that's why they don't drink. Me, I'm not an alcoholic and that's why I do drink. Life sure is funny that way.
But my heart goes out to Adam Eget because an addiction is a deep hook, and sometimes the harder you wriggle to escape her, the deeper they go. I should know, because I've got one of my own. I like to gamble—­gamble money on games of chance. And some have said that it's been the ruin of me.
“Go up and do a set. They'll love you. They're a great crowd.”
“So you're saying they're such a great crowd that they'll even love the likes of me?”
“No, you know that's not what I'm saying. C'mon, Norm, as a favor to me. I promise they'll get a big kick out of it.”
There's a lady up onstage now and she's saying the most unladylike things, quite shocking. The folks in the crowd are looking at each other, astonished. They can hardly believe what they're hearing and I can tell that they don't know what to do, so they decide to laugh.
From the Hardcover edition.
Keep Reading
Scores of heavily armed gunmen stormed a military base in unrest-plagued southern Thailand, in a major assault that left at least 16 attackers dead, a military spokesperson said.
The attack was one of the most ambitious in several years of violence in Thailand's deep south.
No military casualties were reported in the early hours assault at the base in Bacho district of Narathiwat province, one of three Muslim-dominated provinces near the border with Malaysia.
"We learned of the attack in advance from defected militants," Colonel Pramote Promin, the southern army spokesperson, told Thai television. "We were able to secure the camp. All of our force are safe."
They added that a key local leader of the fighters, who wore bulletproof vests during the attack, had been killed in the clashes.
Insurgency continues
A shadowy insurgency calling for greater autonomy has plagued Thailand's far south near the border with Malaysia since 2004, claiming more than 5,300 lives, both Buddhist and Muslim.
Members of Thailand's security forces are frequently targeted in ambushes and roadside bombs, while civilians perceived to have collaborated with Thai authorities are also routinely executed.
A report by the International Crisis Group (ICG) on the violence in December said insurgents had grown "bolder and stronger" amid political inaction from successive Bangkok governments.
"The violence has evolved at a pace that is starting to challenge the ability of the government to respond on its own terms," said Jim Della-Giacoma, ICG's Southeast Asia project director.
ICG recommended a greater push towards decentralisation and closer engagement with local civil society groups and peace negotiations with insurgents.
It added that the deployment of 60,000 security forces and an emergency decree "have not achieved any appreciable decline in casualties".
Five soldiers were killed on Sunday in a bomb attack by suspected insurgents in the deep south, police said.
The bomb, which also wounded a sixth soldier, was detonated as the troops passed by in their patrol vehicle in a village in Yala, another southern province.
Every mapmaker I know of wants a successful map release. From a massive amount of downloads, to having the biggest and funniest YouTubers feature the map in a series. It's no secret that mapmakers LOVE seeing their work being admired by the community. In some ways, it's why mapmakers do what they do. Every once in a while, a Minecrafter will ask me this very question. How does someone effectively release a map so it will catch the community's attention? Truthfully, I've been lucky with my maps. I seem to be in the right place at the right time. So I'm not sure I have the magical answer, but I can tell you, based on experience, there are a few key factors to keep in mind. And it does go beyond simply having a good map.
If you are looking to get a hyped map release, you've got to think of it as a movie. The most successful map releases have these elements:
An exciting trailer An invested audience A clean clear public post Publicity A featured Let's Play
The Trailer
Nowadays, a trailer is basically required to grab people's attention. I realize there are a lot of maps without trailers. The Dropper, one of the biggest maps of all time, never had a trailer from Bigre. But that was then and this is now. And now is a lot more competitive than then. Your trailer is your most important item for effectively “selling” your map. You may have the greatest map of all time, but if you don't have a visual representation of the gameplay, your release will suffer.
But gameplay footage alone is not a trailer. Here's a guideline of how your trailer would work best (my opinion of course).
Variety
From colours to shapes, show the most variety the map can offer. Mini-games are tougher to sell because the mechanic is typically short and doesn't have the most variety to showcase. But simply changing camera angles and using quicker cuts can achieve a better end result. AVOID long cuts. You should include a good mix between gameplay and structures.
Less Is More
It's a trailer, not a short film. There's no reason you can't tease the entire map in under 1:30. Remember, you want to grab people attention so they download the map. You don't need to show them the entire thing. Save your best “non-spoiler” thing for the last shot and you second best for the first. The rest goes in the middle.
The Music THEY Want
When choosing your music, choose something upbeat, quicker something that suits the theme of the map. People are drawn into positive music. Dark music can work under certain circumstances but it better sound cutting. Avoid the epic Hollywood scores which can't be edited down to a minute. And ALWAYS use royalty free music.
Absolutely NO Command Blocks
Mapmakers love command blocks. Mapmakers want to show them off and say “Look Mom! See what I did!”. Your viewers, however, have no clue to what they are doing, and don't care. By placing command blocks in your trailer, you've wasted footage for something better to be displayed. If you absolutely must include your god-forsaken command blocks, save it until the end.
Show, Don't Tell
Enough of the “No Mods Required” or “4 Epic Boss Battles” jargon. Look, I realize you're extremely proud of what you pulled off, but SHOW it. If you have an epic boss fight, show a glimpse of the boss fight. Leave most of the map a mystery. Most people hate reading anyway. Use very little text.
When in Doubt, Use Shaders
No don't do that. That's a dumb idea. Well… you could, but it's a gimmick. I hate shaders.
An Invested Audience
What is an invested audience exactly? Well, an invested audience is those who believe in the mapmaker. They trust what he/she will do before the map is released or even built. This is basically unachievable without some level of fame or recognition. It's the reason why some well known YouTubers can release a very poor map and still get thousands of downloads. Unfortunately, if you haven't developed a name for yourself, it's likely you won't be able to take advantage of this aspect. And this is also why you need to work even harder with the other points for your release.
The Map Post
You definitely need a really clean and clear post for the map. It's the main page people see when browsing through hundreds of maps to play. So what's going to be eye-catching when they come across yours? First, you should do a draft on your own computer and read it several times before making it public. Make darn sure you have your spelling and grammar properly organized. You may be an amateur but you want people to believe you are a professional.
When posting your map publicly, you should place your trailer at the top of the post, easy for everyone to see. Next, your download link in BIG letters. Those are the main selling features. Next, I used to say leave the description, but as of current events, I've been in the habit of placing the Let's Play permissions and credits right under the download link as many YouTubers ignore any info below the scrollbar and neglect to give any credit. As for the description, a single paragraph should suffice. Don't overload people with info. Next, you can post a number of features, recommendations, rules, etc. Try to keep to the point. Bold the sections so the players easily skim down the post and find the info they need. Near the bottom, include some screenshots in a spoiler tag. You need to ALWAYS include 5 or more screenshots of your map. If you don't have screenshots, DON'T post your map. It's that simple.
Publicity
This is very difficult to get, considering most times, you have no control over this. Publicity comes from outside sources, usually without your knowledge. But the idea is to get a reputable source to start discussion about the map. Many times, this can come from multiple posts you create. A single reddit post can make a map famous. You could try and contact the Minecraft Forums Content Administrator and ask them to feature your work on a post. Or create a submission of various popular websites like PlanetMinecraft.com. Don't rely solely on your YouTube channel or your website alone to market the map - especially if you're unknown as a mapmaker.
A Featured Let's Play
One of the best ways to achieve map recognition is to use a Let's Play of better known YouTubers along-side with your map release. This is key for mini-games especially. This means you need to get people to play your map, record it, upload it, and post all before or at the same time the map releases. If people see how much fun your map is, they will generally look to download it. But it's difficult to build a relationship with a YouTuber who is well known. However, sometimes an email can get you a result. YouTube private messages are typically a bad way of contacting a YouTuber, and don't bother with comments. Twitter likely won't get you an answer, but if you try to send an email, you may get some response. Typically, YouTubers will include an email address on their YouTube page.
Woah! You made it to the end. I'd give you a cookie if I had one. I hope that gives you some insight. You can copy my approach if you like. Take a look at my public posts and trailers and see what makes sense to you. It's your map, so you choose. But learn from what inspires you. Find the maps you love, and mimic what those designers have done with their releases. Don't be afraid to ask a mapmaker their opinion. Most are not bigshot YouTubers and will respond pretty positively if you need advice. Good luck! And remember, no shaders (probably)…
The Congressional Research Service (CRS) stirred controversy last year when it released a study claiming that tax rates do not influence economic growth. Predictably, those who favor higher taxes used the flimsy report to bolster their backward argument that raising tax rates, as Congress and President Obama did with the fiscal cliff deal, would not further slow our economy.
The CRS report was not based on robust statistical analysis, but on simple correlations that reveal little about the impact of tax rates on the economy. The weakness of the CRS report brought well-deserved criticism.
CRS pulled the report after the controversy but subsequently re-released it with minor changes.
In December, in response to the controversy regarding the CRS report, William McBride of the Tax Foundation published a review of the scholarly literature on taxation and economic growth. McBride reported that the empirical work of economists agrees overwhelmingly that higher tax rates slow economic growth and they conclude that “the U.S. tax system is a drag on the economy.”
Their findings are no surprise. It has long been known that higher tax rates slow the economy because they reduce the incentives to work, invest, and take new risks. These academic studies succeed in confirming this because, unlike the CRS report, they conducted rigorous statistical analysis to isolate the impacts of tax rates on many economies during many different time periods.
Surveying 26 scholarly studies dating from 1983, McBride finds that 23 of the studies—and every study in the past fifteen years—corroborated the finding that higher taxes negatively affected growth.
For example, Young Lee of Hanyang University and Roger Gordon of the University of California at San Diego in a 2005 Journal of Public Economics paper estimate that cutting the corporate tax rate by 10 percentage points would induce one to two percentage points higher growth every year.
Moreover, in a forthcoming paper in the American Economic Review, Karel Mertens of Cornell University and Morten Ravn of University College London finds that cutting the personal income tax rate by one percentage point would cause per capita gross domestic product (GDP) to increase by 1.8 percent in the first nine months.
Taxes do not all have the same economic effects: Some taxes create more distortions in markets and the economy than others. McBride notes:
[C]orporate and personal income taxes are the most damaging to economic growth, followed by consumption taxes and property taxes…. Our current economic doldrums is the result of many factors, but having the highest corporate rate in the industrialized world does not help.
The hard data and econometric analyses highlighted by McBride underscore an important policy lesson: increasing taxes, both personal and corporate income tax rates, will impede the growth of the U.S. economy.
Dude is on a roll. Photo: Shutterstock
Harvard-educated Harvard professor Ben Edelman has now apologized for threatening legal action against Sichuan Garden for overcharging them $4, and now Boston.com, where four of the top five stories right now involve the academic, breaks the news to readers that they may have done something similar in 2010.
A now-closed sushi spot called Osushi apparently got an irate email offering “three distinct reasons” why Edelman's Groupon was valid on the prix fixe menu. The restaurant had originally stated the deal did not extend to the set menu, which apparently rankled Edelman, who fired off an email claiming that failure to honor their interpretation of the coupon as well as extend it for six additional weeks would force them to dedicate their valuable time to fighting Osushi's Common Victualler License and Alcoholic Beverage License.
If the latest batch of uncovered email exchanges are to be believed, owner Tim Panagopoulos was less tolerant than the Duan family. They replied that Harvard Business School would be hearing about Edelman's “negotiating tactics” and shut down all subsequent discussions.
“NONE of your requests will be met under any circumstance,” Panagopoulos signed off, apparently after several emails and at least one phone call from Edelman. “As a matter of fact, you are NOT welcomed back … ever. We will in fact call the Boston Police department and have you escorted out for trespassing.”
Related: A Harvard Professor Completely Lost It After Being Overcharged $4 for Chinese Food
[Boston.com]
CLOSE Delaware State Police say a woman fell about 40 feet from the Go Ape! course at Lums Pond State Park on Wednesday, Aug. 24, 2016. William Bretzger/The News Journal
Buy Photo Employees make their way into the Go Ape course to close the attraction down for the day after a 59-year-old woman fell to their death at the zip line course in Lums Pond State Park on Wednesday, Aug. 24, 2016. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
A 59-year-old woman died Wednesday after falling from a zip line ride at Lums Pond State Park near Kirkwood, authorities have confirmed.
They were at Go Ape, which offers a "Treetop Adventure" experience and features a "2- to 3-hour journey through the forest canopy as you take on suspended obstacles, Tarzan swings and breathtaking zip lines – all with an incredible view of the public parks where we operate," according to the company's website.
The woman, whose name is being withheld pending notification of next of kin, fell approximately 40 feet from the attraction about 1:40 p.m., according to state police. They were treated at the scene by New Castle County Paramedics before being transported by ambulance to the Christiana Hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Buy Photo An employee closes up the Go Ape course for the day after a 59-year-old woman fell to their death at the zip line course in Lums Pond State Park on Wednesday, Aug. 24, 2016. (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Multiple police agencies and the state police helicopter were called to the park Wednesday afternoon. Melanie Rapp, a spokesperson for the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, said they have few details and continue to investigate.
MORE: Recent zip line deaths in the U.S.
STORY: Family in fear after five cars have smashed into house
Go Ape closed following the fall, and customers received refunds. Staff members on the scene were describing to patrons what happened as an "emergency situation." Crew members who work at the park appeared shaken.
"The Go Ape team is deeply saddened by this tragic occurrence," Chris Swallow, director of Go Ape, said in a statement. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to their family and friends and in particular to those who were on the course with them at the time."
They said Go Ape would be cooperating with authorities.
A Delaware Forensic investigator truck arrived on the scene about 5:40 p.m.
The investigation into the incident is in its early stages. More information will be provided at the conclusion of the investigation, state police said.
John Lunsford, of Bear, has used the zip line in the past and said they have never encountered a problem.
Lunsford attributes this to the training that is offered prior to using the zip line.
Go Ape offers safety training and skills on how to properly complete a course, according to the company's website.
The website also states that all participants are required to read and sign a waiver before using the zip line.
Tara Altenritter, of Bear, said they have used the Go Ape zip line in the past with their kids and always felt safe after receiving the training. They also said that all guests are monitored by staff throughout the course.
“To me, it's always been very safe and a super fun activity around here in this area for sure,” Altenritter said. “It's unfortunate to hear about what happened.”
Contact Brittany Horn at (302) 324-2771 or bhorn@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @brittanyhorn. Contact Alonzo Small at (302) 324-2856 or asmall@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter @P_AlonzoSmall.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2bo5Cjw
On this episode of Life Lessons, Colton brings on special guest, King Recon, to talk about Chapter 54 of the manga! In which the Odd Jobs press their luck and Sakamoto wastes a ton fuel. Afterwards, we have our Life Lessons segment discussing the title of the chapter, followed by an Anime/Manga Comparison segment covering Episode 33 of the anime, and last but not least, some feedback before we round off. Topics of discussion this episode includes how old the characters of Gintama are, Shinpachi's role of the Odd Job's moral foundation, and just how many ways Colton's name has been mistaken since they were born. Join us next time as we cover Chapter 55, a fan favorite for sure. Enjoy!
Special thanks to King Recon for coming on the show! Check out their Youtube channel and follow them on Twitter!
Apologies for the shaky quality around the email segment and onwards.
Download Here
https://archive.org/download/Episode39-MokichisBizarreAdventure/LL_EP_39.mp3
0:00:00 Podcast Update
0:04:22 Introductions/News
0:18:59 Manga Recap: Ch 54
1:02:25 Life Lesson 54
1:09:20 Anime/Manga Comp: Episode 33
1:35:20 Emails/Feedback (SLIGHT SPOILERS)
1:48:31 The End
Show Notes
Buy Gintama Volume 7 from Amazon
Or from Rightstuf
Or let Viz Media know on Twitter how much you want it digitally
Watch Episode 33 of the anime on Crunchyroll
Or own them on DVD via Gintama Collection 3 from Amazon
Or from Rightstuf
Gintama is on US TV!!
Madaocon is back!! (Click here for more info)
Follow Madaocon on Twitter
Gintama fan art in the style of Rumiko Takahashi
Japanese Fans Name Anime and Manga's Most Impactful Endings
Fans Weigh In On “Most Attractive Anime Characters With Facial Hair”
Josh Dunham's JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Giveaway
Advertisements
Some Baltimore County officials expressed irritation Monday that the Housing Authority of Baltimore City didn't tell them when it purchased suburban homes as city public housing.
"It's being done in a subterranean manner," said County Councilman David Marks, a Republican who represents Towson. "There should have been some level of notification."
Others were supportive of the initiative — and a companion effort to provide rent subsidies — saying both work well with regional efforts to expand affordable housing options.
Over the past eight years, the city housing authority spent $12 million to purchase nearly 30 houses in Baltimore County and 16 in Anne Arundel, Harford and Howard counties to serve as public housing for Baltimore residents, a Baltimore Sun investigation found. The city agency also has been providing $51 million in rent subsidies to nearly 3,100 families who have moved from city public housing to private apartments or houses in prosperous suburban neighborhoods, primarily in Howard and Baltimore counties.
The discreet rollout of the court-ordered programs highlights how difficult it has been to dismantle Baltimore's segregated, impoverished neighborhoods through regional housing cooperation. Both efforts were ordered by the landmark lawsuit, Thompson v. U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, that found the federal agency had failed to take a regional approach to desegregating Baltimore's public housing.
Suburban developments that propose setting aside units for low-income tenants often attract intense opposition, leading to their defeat and discouraging future projects. Fair housing advocates have long been pushing for state and local governments in Maryland to do more to abide by federal civil rights housing laws. Freddie Gray's death and the ensuing rioting has focused new attention on the issue.
Advocates say county agencies need to pass laws to prohibit landlords from rejecting tenants because they have rent subsidies. Counties also should enact inclusionary housing rules requiring developers to set aside units for low-income tenants, housing groups say. Baltimore County and Maryland's housing department are both negotiating resolutions to housing discrimination complaints filed against them with HUD.
Their efforts were bolstered this year by a Supreme Court ruling and a new HUD rule that puts new pressure on local government to locate subsidized housing outside of such areas.
Two state lawmakers from Baltimore County said Monday they expect to explore the volatile issue of affordable housing during the upcoming General Assembly session in Annapolis.
"I think it's one of those issues that people are either for or against," said Del. Stephen W. Lafferty, a Baltimore County Democrat.
Lafferty has sponsored legislation in the past that has been routinely defeated that would enact a statewide prohibition on landlords from turning away tenants with rent subsidies, known commonly as Section 8 vouchers.
"When one sees there are property owners who are willing to accept vouchers in certain parts of the county and not others, it denies the further opportunities people want," Lafferty said.
They said they are considering whether to reintroduce the legislation, known as the HOME act.
Baltimore County has been accused of supporting affordable housing for seniors in prosperous communities but not projects for low-income families. One of the main reasons for that, Lafferty said, is because developers know that family housing projects will generate resistance that often scuttles their projects.
"That's indicative of people acting out of fear rather than out of reality," they said.
The city's programs appear to be working well, they said. "It's unfortunate that [such programs] have to be done more quietly," they said.
Sen. Jim Brochin, a Towson Democrat, said they plan to question County Executive Kevin Kamenetz about the lack of public notice by the city and about the screening that selects families for the suburban relocations.
"It's pretty clear they bypassed the legislature," Brochin said. "I've never heard anything from [former County Executive James T. Smith] or Kamenetz. I just want to know more about it."
Brochin also said they will work to defeat any source-of-income proposal that may be introduced in the 2016 session. "I don't think it's constitutional," they said. "You shouldn't have to force someone to do business with" tenants with subsidies.
Marks agreed and said the County Council would never support such a law. Only Howard County, Annapolis and Baltimore have laws that restrict or prohibit landlords from turning away tenants because of subsidies.
"I don't see us ever doing that," Marks said.
They added that the programs could have been more effective if the city had worked with council members who could suggest places to purchase homes that are close to public transit, jobs and other services.
"When you locate poor families into the suburbs, are you just spreading poverty around the region?" Marks said.
They said constituents had called them after reading The Sun article to complain that people who could not otherwise afford to live in Towson are being given an opportunity others do not get.
"I have plenty of constituents who are living at the margins," Marks said. "They're struggling to pay $1,000 rent for an apartment and they don't qualify for these types of benefits. They're pretty upset by it."
Catonsville resident Veronica Walters was furious when they read about the programs. The 73-year-old retired dental assistant said white and black middle-class families are frustrated that low-income people can live in homes they did not work hard to attain.
"We have worked for years in order to have a house in the county, and the government is pushing people out here," they said. "They don't deserve to have what my family worked hard for. It's a shame we didn't know about this ahead of time. I would have been right there protesting."
They're barking up the wrong tree with this one.
One in three millennials has a pet, typically a dog or a cat. And research firm Packaged Facts thinks that pet ownership is so prevalent among the 18-24 set, in part, because millennials think it will help them learn to parent. Indeed, nearly seven in 10 millennials (69%) say that having a pet is good practice for having a family, the research, released Thursday, reveals.
Um, think again, experts say. “The developmental, psychological, financial, and custodial needs of a child far surpass those of an animal by more than a hundredfold, and for a greater lifespan,” says Beverly Hills family and relationship psychotherapist Fran Walfish. And while, obviously, millennials know that having a child will be harder than having a dog -- even a high-maintenance one -- they may be shocked by just how much more difficult it really is.
Let's start with the cost. While a dog will cost you an average of $1,300 - $1,800 in the first year of its life, according to the ASPCA., a child will cost you ten times that or more. The average family will drop more than $12,000 a year on a child, according to data from the Census Bureau. “Babies require a lot more stuff — like car seats, cribs, linens, diapers, clothing, diaper genies (yes, that's a thing), bathtubs, etc.,” explains New York-based relationship expert April Masini. “Pets require half a dozen items — like a bed, scratching post, litter box and collar — and besides their food, you're good.”
What's more, while you can leave your dog at home alone while you head to work or out with friends, a child is a different story. Getting a babysitter to go out for a few hours will average you more than $40, according to Care.com data. And if you need to go to your full-time job, you're probably going to have to pony up for daycare at an average of $18,000 a year. Full-time doggy daycare comes in way cheaper, at between $2900 and $6600 a year, according to Angie's List.
The time commitment -- and ensuing exhaustion -- is another big difference. Sure, you spend a lot of time with your dog, but you're often chilling during that time. Parents aren't, as children are much more “higher maintenance” Masini notes. That may be why parents say that 12% of the things they do to raise their children are “very tiring,” according to Pew.
And quite frankly, it's much harder to parent a child than it is a pet, as M.A. Wallace notes in their NYMag.com piece “Pets Are Not Children, So Stop Calling Them That.” “In stark contrast to pets, children are always trying to outgrow, outflank, and outsmart their parents.” Meanwhile, Fido's just happy to see you when you get home each day.
See the world with cash-color glasses. Get a weekly digest of personality finance: features, pop-culture and essays. Sign up here.
Last December, Pebble was acquired by Fitbit with all future hardware plans being canceled. Since then, however, there have been questions about the fate of existing Pebble devices on the market. Now, Pebble has pushed an update to the Pebble app on iOS and Android to ensure that existing smartwatches will keep working…
Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor
Pebble detailed the update in a blog post, explaining how it essentially eliminates any reliance that its smartwatches had on Pebble's cloud services. The update ensures that when Pebble's servers shut down following the Fitbit takeover, smartwatches already on the market will continue to work.
Additionally, Pebble says that the update ensures that users will be able to side-load applications and future firmware versions to their smartwatch, even without server access.
Pebble described the update on its developer blog:
Today's updates to the Pebble apps for iOS and Android liberate them from past dependency on cloud services. Freeing the ecosystem from these dependencies means Pebble smartwatches can operate normally, even if online servers are not accessible for any reason. For example, if a Pebble authentication server can't be reached, the mobile apps will let Pebble devices keep working. The login process can be skipped, apps can be side-loaded, and the latest watch firmware (including language packs) can be installed.
This approach isn't necessarily perfect, though. For instance, crucial features of Pebble smartwatches such as dictation, messaging and weather rely on Pebble's cloud services. Pebble, however, hasn't addressed how these features will continue to work without access to its servers.
In addition to reducing reliance on the cloud, the update also removes some features. For instance, Pebble says that the update removes the ability to suggest new features, as well as heath data collection and various telemetry reporting.
It was officially announced last December that Fitbit was acquiring the software assets of Pebble. The company also discontinued all future hardware plans. While financial details of the deal are still unclear, Pebble had said at the time that its existing watches would work normally “for now.” Todays' update seems to lay the foundation for the watches to continue functioning, even without Pebble's servers.
A Google Map view of North Korea's suspected nuclear test site, based on USGS data from the resulting earthquake, is indicated at the green arrow. The red button shows the suspected site of North Korea's nuclear facility. (Screenshot by Washington Post)
North Korea has vowed to restart the country's only nuclear reactor, which it shuttered in 2007 as part of an international deal. The plant can produce enough plutonium for about one small nuclear weapon per year.
The announcement would certainly seem like bad news, a sign that North Korea wants to expand its already-dangerous nuclear weapons program, another provocation after weeks of threats. And it is all those things. But there's potentially a major silver lining to this development: it suggests that North Korea has probably not learned how to develop nuclear weapons from uranium, as had been feared.
Obviously, there is no such thing as a "good" kind of North Korean nuclear warhead. But a plutonium bomb is not as bad as a uranium bomb. We already knew they had plutonium bombs, maybe the equivalent of six to eight warheads. Although the country has at least tried to develop a bomb out of highly enriched uranium, as it revealed in 2010, it has not had any proven successes. The fact that it's reopening the plutonium plant, even though plutonium is a less attractive bomb material, suggests that it's recent suggestions that it had developed a uranium bomb may have been mere bluffs.
When North Korea conducted its third-ever nuclear weapons test in February, it dropped some strong hints that it had used highly enriched uranium. State media, for example, declared the military had "diversified" the nuclear program. But Pyongyang worked hard to keep the world from finding out for sure whether the bomb had been uranium, and it has so far succeeded.
A uranium bomb would have been a significant upgrade for North Korea, and a scary development for the rest of the world, for four reasons:
1. North Korea would have two ways to build a bomb, which means a potentially larger arsenal.
2. The country has a natural supply of uranium and can enrich it to bomb-making levels in secret; plutonium is limited and is much tougher to hide. So weaponized uranium would be tougher to keep track of and easier to make in larger quantities.
3. Iran uses uranium in its nuclear program, so North Korea could share research and lessons from the nuclear test with Tehran.
4. Uranium is easier to ship abroad, meaning North Korea could more easily sell it to, for example, Iran.
It's still possible that North Korea did succeed in developing a uranium weapon and that its February test was a uranium warhead. We don't know for sure. But the big effort to rebuild and relaunch its plutonium plant (it destroyed the reactor in 2010 as part of the peace deal), despite the diplomatic costs this will certainly incur Pyongyang in any future international talks, suggests that the country really, really wants more plutonium.
Enriching uranium would be a much better way for Kim Jong-un to fill their nuclear appetite than re-opening the plutonium plant. If they want plutonium this badly, it's a reasonable bet that they don't have the ability to enrich uranium. Or not yet, anyway.
Update: Jeffrey Lewis, a nuclear proliferation expert who specializes in East Asia, says they think that it's too strong to infer from this development that North Korea has "probably" not learned to develop highly enriched uranium. Paul Carroll of the Ploughshares Fund suggests that the diplomatic costs of restarting the plant are precisely the point: "It shows that DPRK is playing every belligerent card they can short of direct attacks," they say.
Count Gottfried von Bismarck, who died on July 2, 2007, aged 44, was a louche German aristocrat with a multi-faceted history as a pleasure-seeking heroin addict, hell-raising alcoholic, flamboyant waster and a reckless and extravagant host of homosexual orgies.
The great-great-grandson of Prince Otto, Germany's Iron Chancellor and architect of the modern German state, the young von Bismarck showed early promise as a brilliant scholar, but led an exotic life of gilded aimlessness that attracted the attention of the gossip columns from the moment they arrived in Oxford in 1983 and hosted a dinner at which the severed heads of two pigs were placed at either end of the table.
When not clad in the lederhosen of their homeland, they cultivated an air of sophisticated complexity by appearing in women's clothes, set off by lipstick and fishnet stockings. This aura of dangerous "glamour" charmed a large circle of friends and acquaintances drawn from the jeunesse dorée of the age; many of them knew them at Oxford, where they made friends such as Darius Guppy and Viscount Althorp and became an enthusiastic, rubber-clad member of the Piers Gaveston Society and the drink-fuelled Bullingdon and Loders clubs.
Von Bismarck's university career ended in catastrophe in June 1986, when their friend Olivia Channon was found dead on their bed, the victim of a drink and drugs overdose. Von Bismarck admitted that their role in the affair had brought disgrace on the family name; five years later they told friends that there were still people who would not speak to their parents on account of it, and who told their mother that they had "a rotten son".
In the reunified Germany, von Bismarck managed several telecoms businesses and, armed with a doctoral thesis on the East German telephone system, oversaw the sale of companies formerly owned by Communist East Germany to the private sector.
By the late 1990s von Bismarck was working for Telemonde, Kevin Maxwell's troubled telecoms firm based in America, with responsibility for developing the business in Germany; the company collapsed in 2002 with debts of £105 million. Von Bismarck eventually returned to London, where they became chairperson of the investment company AIM Partners, dabbled in film production and promoted holidays to Uzbekistan.
Never concealing their homosexuality, von Bismarck continued to appear in public in various eccentric items of attire, including tall hats atop their bald Mekon-like head. At parties they would appear in exotic designer frock coats with matching trousers and emblazoned with enormous logos. Flitting from table to table at fashionable London nightclubs, they were said to be as comfortable among wealthy Eurotrash as they were on formal occasions calling for black tie.
Although described personally as quiet and impeccably mannered, von Bismarck continued to live high on the hog, hosting riotous all-night parties for their (chiefly gay) friends at their £5 million flat off Sloane Square. It was at one such event, in August last year, that von Bismarck encountered tragedy for a second time when one of their male guests fell 60 ft to their death from the roof garden. While von Bismarck was not arrested, they were questioned as a witness and there were those who wondered - not, perhaps, without cause - whether they might be the victim of a family curse.
Gottfried Alexander Leopold Graf von Bismarck-Schonhausen was born on September 19 1962 in Brussels, the second son of Ferdinand, the 4th Prince Bismarck, whose own father had served in the German embassy in pre-war London until a feud with the ambassador, von Ribbentrop, ended their career.
As a talented young scholar, Gottfried had studied at what they described as "an aristocratic Borstal" in Switzerland and worked at the New York stock exchange before going up to Christ Church, Oxford.
Von Bismarck never fully recovered from the death in June 1986 of Olivia Channon, the striking 22-year-old daughter of Paul Channon (later Lord Kelvedon), then one of Margaret Thatcher's cabinet ministers.
To celebrate the end of their finals, von Bismarck and Olivia Channon had taken part in a drinking bout involving excessive amounts of champagne, Black Velvet and sherry before they overdosed on heroin. At the inquest their cousin, Sebastian Guinness, described how they and other revellers had repaired to von Bismarck's bottle-strewn rooms, where Olivia was found dead the following morning.
Von Bismarck themselves was charged with possessing cocaine and amphetamine sulphate and was later treated at a £770-a-week addiction clinic in Surrey. Following Olivia Channon's funeral, at which they were said to have "wept like a child", von Bismarck was ordered home to the family castle near Hamburg by their father.
Their removal from Oxford was so abrupt that they were not given time to settle their bills; Prince Ferdinand sent a servant who did the rounds of von Bismarck's favoured watering-holes, restaurants and their tailor bearing a chequebook.
The tabloids quoted words of repentance from von Bismarck themselves - "My days of living it up are all over. This past week has just been too much" - but although they were reported to be leaving to finish their studies at a German university and eventually to enter German politics, in the event they were treated again for alcoholism at a German clinic.
They returned briefly to Oxford, where local magistrates fined them £80 for drug possession; they wiped away tears as their lawyer offered mitigation, pointing out that since the Channon affair von Bismarck had received a bad press in Germany.
Doubting whether they would be able to find work in their own country, von Bismarck was said to be planning to study at a university in Los Angeles while continuing to receive treatment for their drink problem. Olivia Channon's death, their barrister said, would prove to be a shadow over von Bismarck's head "probably for the rest of their life". So it proved.
They never married.
Be Open About What You Really Want to Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF 20th Century Fox / Via funnyjunk.com If you want a nicer butt, own it. There's nothing wrong with having superficial goals. Friends, instructors, and trainers are only going to be able to support you if you tell them what you're actually after. Focusing on things that aren't important to you is a sure way to get frustrated.
Remember That Money Does Matter Anyone who tells you to splurge on an expensive gym membership has probably never set foot in a gym. Spending more won't make you go more, it will make you want to quit and get a full refund ASAP. Take the money you save going somewhere affordable and treat yo self to some nice workout supplements instead.
Embrace the Awkward "Getting to Know You" Phase Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Kia Motors / Via notesfromthepeanutgallery.com Walking into a gym for the first time is nerve-racking. Having a trainer or a friend coaching you will make it easier, but it's still important to explore on your own and make mistakes. Once you're comfortable being at the gym alone, you can start taking things to the next level.
Make a Serious Commitment You must vow that this is going to be a permanent lifestyle change. It's going to take some time and lots of trial and error, but know that eventually you will get where you want to be. Commit to learning more about how your body works, and what you can do to improve it.
Don't Be Afraid To Ask For Advice Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Via scoopwhoop.com Always be willing to ask others for help when things get complicated. Chances are that gym rat you find so intimidating is actually a really nice person who loves to talk fitness. If they do bark at you, they're probably on steroids and you should run for your life.
Find Ways to Spice Up Your Workout When you find yourself zoning out five minutes into a workout, it's probably time to mix things up. As with any relationship, the internet is your source for interesting and sometimes shocking inspiration. Apparently gummy bears are great as a post workout snack. Yum!
Make It About More than Just Your Body Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Marvel / Via rebloggy.com Make the gym your safe place. When you have a bad day at work, know you can go to the gym and blow off some steam. When your boyfriend breaks up with you, know you can go the the gym and remind yourself how strong you are. When a pigeon poops on your head, know you can go to the gym and take a shower.
Stop Comparing Yourself to Others It's a love-hate relationship with the eye candy at your gym. You love having something nice to look at, but hate feeling inadequate in comparison. Stop doubting yourself so much and remember that the most important thing is to not get caught staring!
As a cultural phenomenon for half a century, Doctor Who has been both the target of parody, and the frame of reference for satire of other subjects.
Only a handful of these skits were licensed. Many appearances of parody Daleks may have appeared on the BBC but however they were not licensed by Terry Nation.
Contents show]
Television Edit
1960s Edit
On 31 December 1963, the first ever parody of Doctor Who was broadcast. It starred Clive Dunn as the Doctor and it featured on It's a Square World . See The Doctor's New Invention for more information.
was broadcast. It starred Clive Dunn as the Doctor and it featured on . See for more information. In an episode of Big Night Out , broadcast 7th April 1964, Bernie Winters plays an approximation of the First Doctor, but who is called Doctor Shmoo.
, broadcast 7th April 1964, Bernie Winters plays an approximation of the First Doctor, but who is called Doctor Shmoo. In January 1966, the Toy Fair of that year was televised and had a very strange sketch with a toy baby and toy Daleks.
Blue Peter has featured many Doctor Who themed episodes, the first starting in the 1960s with a guide of how to make a Dalek cake. Others include; War Machine appearance in 1966, design your own monster in 1967, Jon Pertwee tests the Whomobile and we hear a warning from the Daleks about the stolen Dalek and its much-needed safe return in the 1970s.
1970s Edit
1980s Edit
1990s Edit
2000s Edit
2010s Edit
In 2017's The LEGO Batman Movie, creatures resembling Daleks are seen, but never identified as anything more than "British Robots", due to an ab lib performed by Zach Galifianakis on set [1]. They are heard talking throughout the feature, but inconsistent voice work (at least once performed by Nicholas Briggs) is only sometimes consistent with the television series. No credits were given to either the estate of Terry Nation or the BBC for this usage, although the BBC certainly advertised the movie[2] and despite claims by the director Chris McKay that the BBC did give them total permission to use the characters[3], and thus this wiki has decided to consider the product an unlicensed parody until further evidence suggests otherwise.
Andy Campbell / Huffington Post
Never let it be said that intrepid HuffPost reporter Andy Campbell isn't up to the task of spending a night in a remote area of New Jersey looking for Bigfoot. Andy joined Cliff Barackman and Tyler Bounds -- team members of Animal Planet's "Finding Bigfoot" -- to spend the night at the Franklin Parker Reserve of New Jersey, armed with some high-tech equipment and night vision scope attached to a video camera. As they stumbled through a field, they heard a splash, and Andy quickly turned just in time to see...a beaver. There's always next time, maybe next year. Meantime, if you'd like to join the hunt for Bigfoot, without leaving the comfort and warmth of home, get some snacks together, sit in front of your computer and start watching Animal Planet's live, 24-hour Bigfoot Cam . We wouldn't kid you about a thing like that.
Ever prayed at work? Been asked to cry with co-workers to mourn a loss? Asked your manager for spiritual counsel?
We might think of the workplace as an indisputably secular space, but over the last two decades, interest in what's become known as “workplace spirituality” has grown from a fragmented smattering of unorthodox entrepreneurs and management gurus into a full-fledged movement.
Bringing spirituality into the culture of business, advocates believe, will not only enhance the quality of individual working lives, but also drastically alter the broader conduct of business across the planet.
Aiming at nothing less than a wholesale change in human consciousness, workplace spirituality has the trappings of a full-fledged religious movement—but whose religion? And what's behind it?
It turns out that underneath these aspirations to transform the world is a powerfully conservative ideology, and a boatload of conservative money. Which should invite all of us to ask: what is at stake when we bring God to work?
“The Universe Wants Me to Be Here”
In 2009, the Sam Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas hired Judith Neal, longtime advocate for workplace spirituality, as director of the newly inaugurated Tyson Center for Faith and Spirituality in the Workplace (yes, that Tyson—more on which later). Their mission: “to support leaders in expanding the purpose of business to include individual, community, and global transformation through the integration of faith and spirituality in the workplace.” Last month, the Tyson Center convened its first International Faith and Spirit at Work Conference, to which I was invited as a presenter.
This was not a typical academic conference. Each day began with a general assembly where the participants mingled over coffee and a daily “inspiration.” On the first evening, Interfaith minister David Wetton led the first of these inspirations, reading a poem entitled “Blessing for a Leader,” written by Irish poet and priest John O'Donohue. Likewise, once the day's scheduled sessions and events were complete, participants would again meet to hear final thoughts from one of the conference organizers, followed by another closing inspiration.
Such practices bestowed a structure on the conference, and transported the proceedings outside standard space and time and into the realm of the sacred, toward holy significance. The participants subsequently mirrored and reproduced this aura of sacrality, as when one young lady stumbled into the wrong panel session, confiding in me “I thought I was attending a different panel, but I apparently the universe wants me to be here. So I'll stay.”
Corporate Mystics
Over the course of three days, an amalgam of figures from the business world, leaders of faith traditions (“faith” consistently replaced “religion” throughout the conference) offered up a mixture of rich ideas and reflections about the nature of spirituality in the workplace. Keynote speakers, such as Lynne Sedgemore, a self-proclaimed “corporate mystic,” spoke about the necessity for leaders to maintain a connection with “the transcendent,” urged businesses to promote an “interconnective perspective” and “planetary awareness,” and guaranteed that such practices would foster “organizational interventions that manifest spiritual awareness.”
I learned about the role of workplace chaplains and heard from caretakers like Diya LeDuc, Director of Clinical Services at Arkansas' Circle of Life Hospice, whose innovative policies had enriched and transformed the lives of both clients and customers. In addition to providing space for clients and loved ones to enjoy their faith, Circle of Life encourages its staff participate in a to take part in a variety of spiritual practices, most notable of which is the “crying share,” where employees are given the chance to grieve a loss with their co-workers.
Financial planner Rodger Spiller presented their extensive research on the benefits of “spiritual direction of businesspeople.” According to Spiller, spiritual direction, “the process of accompanying business people on a spiritual journey of individual and organizational transformation to increase well-being and make a greater difference and contribution for business and society,” would help to introduce “more consciousness of spirit in the workplace and of one's self as a manifestation of that spirit.” Researchers Ed and Jean Stead even went so far as to explain sustainability as an utterly spiritual project. Sustainability as a part of a firm's long-term strategy, they state, “is an upwardly spiraling coevolutionary process that leads organizations to a higher level of existence based on the sacredness of humankind and nature.”
These advocates for workplace spirituality aim their sights at nothing less than a total revolution in human society. Although they espouse a broad and decentralized cluster of positions, these thinkers agree that business has too long ignored the spiritual dimensions and needs of individuals and society alike. Managers, entrepreneurs, and others in positions of leadership require a radical transformation in their consciousness of moral and spiritual quality, generating greater empathy for fellow human beings and concern for the welfare of the biosphere.
Don't Fight the Power
In times like these, where occupiers cry for greater income equality but are often muted by the trumpets of austerity, it might seem refreshing to hear voices from the business community taking seriously the moral bankruptcy of global capital.
Yet, these post-industrial theologies rest on assumptions about the world that reify the socioeconomic structures behind the current economic crisis. Workplace spirituality imagines a future where businesses benevolently guide us toward peace, prosperity, and spiritual vitality; managers become therapeutic purveyors of spiritual wisdom and for-profit firms act as the ultimate arbiters of the social order.
Still, when the former COO of Wal-Mart, Don Soderquist, states in their keynote address at the Conference, “Wal-Mart believes that it has a responsibility to God to take care of the planet,” behind this view lies a commitment to the free and globalized marketplace in which such a world could take shape. Workplace spirituality's logic dictates that consumer choice will select those organizations most devoted to the good of the planet, relegating the greedy and self-absorbed Gordon Gekkos of the old paradigm to their rightful place at the bottom of the heap.
Thus, the proponents of workplace spirituality seek only individual moral transformation, leaving untouched the structural integrity of the global economy and its attendant policies.
Moreover, workplace spirituality teaches people that the anxieties associated with global capital are inevitable, even part of the natural order of things. Under the highly deregulated conditions that prevail in the twenty-first century, individuals struggle against constant job insecurity. Additionally, workers can expect to change careers frequently, sometimes moving to where the jobs are. In this socioeconomic stew, workplace spirituality offers the individual a stable community where ultimate meaning and purpose become anchored to their or their place of employment. Workers feel more fulfilled and empowered on the job, and, therefore, will freely work harder and more productively, the theory goes, while ignoring more material concerns such as declining wages and diminishing benefits.
Workplace spirituality neatly legitimates globalization while muffling its psychological effects.
Conservative Chicken
Because the movement reifies entrenched neo-conservative views, workplace spirituality is actually more ideologically committed than it appears on its surface, a truth revealed plainly at the Conference.
On one hand, the attendees represented an eclectic group of religiously liberal spiritual seekers, devoted to the equality and goodness of all forms of faith. On the other hand, Christian organizations comprised the majority of conference sponsors, including Catholic-based Ascension Health and Hallmark Card's Christian division, Dayspring. Among the more conspicuous sponsors was the conservative Christian John Brown University, whose controversial policies against dancing and the 2006 expulsion of an openly gay student have garnered national attention.
This incongruity between the conference's participants and its sponsors begs the question: who is a agenda is being promoted here? At this point, we can follow the money. The biggest sponsor of the conference, Tyson Foods, is also the benefactor of the Tyson Center for Faith and Spirituality in the Workplace, where the event was held.
According to the company's chairperson, John Tyson, “the Center is an extension of Tyson Foods.” An interfaith Christian, Tyson stated in an address to the conference that they view “Tyson as a mission field.” In response to one student's question about how to live out one's faith in a secular work environment, Tyson explained their practice of “an embodied witnessing” rather than openly proselytizing. “Show your faith through your actions,” and “never give the impression it's from the top down; establish an exploratory culture,” where people are encouraged to seek spirituality. It is here, perhaps, that we can discern something crucial about workplace spirituality: the movement is not strictly an emergent phenomenon but is equally a carefully articulated strategy of some business elites, whose ideological positions are often at odds with the movement's precepts of inclusiveness and compassion.
The keynote addresses of two such business elites reveal these differences most clearly. Bill Pollard, former CEO of ServiceMaster Corporation, expressed dismay at the world's current economic woes, stating, “they are the result of ineffective government involvement in the crisis.” They indicated that “an era of profound irresponsibility” caused the collapse. After all, Pollard continues, “people cause markets to work or fail; it is people are evil or good… ethical behavior cannot depend on a set of rules; governments cannot develop character. We need a transformation in business leadership” to get us out of this crisis.
Pollard insists that these problems are moral rather than structural, which calls for the solution to be the moral reform of leaders, and excludes the possibility of legal changes to economic governance. In other words, global capital would work just fine if we only had better leaders. Democratic governance of the economy only makes matters worse by Pollard's logic. Instead, they ask us to put our trust into the benevolent leadership of the spiritually driven executive.
“I Don't Know About this Inequity Deal”
Likewise, when a conference participant asked Soderquist about Wal-Mart's role in reducing income inequality, they responded, in parabolic fashion, that Wal-Mart's relationship with society is like a father's care of their children. A father must provide only the same opportunity for each child, not the same financial assistance. “I don't know about this inequity deal,” they remarked. “I only know that it is not right to take from some and give to people who don't want to work. There's too much welfare already.” A perplexing comment from the former COO of a firm whose low wages often require workers to apply for government assistance.
The message is clear: businesses, freed from the constraints of government regulation, would be positioned to guide us all towards greater levels of prosperity, both material and spiritual. These organizations look after us as fathers care for their children, and when the father is led by spirit, so goes the rest of the family. Preposterous-sounding, perhaps, but maybe this is simply a picture of the world in which we already live.
After all, corporations are the most powerful organizations of our day; the last three decades have witnessed drastic deregulation of business practices; and further, financial markets do seem to wield more power than our collective democracy over the quality of our lives.
Historically, religion, faith, and spirituality in the United States have created opportunities to resist undemocratic trends. The nineteenth century struggles against, first, slavery and, later, the robber-barons all found strength from faith, as did the Civil Rights Movement. But if workers begin to look to their employers for spiritual direction and rewards, can they resist increasing demands of employers any longer? Or will they willingly submit to God's will (albeit the god of your understanding) to put more hours in at the office?
'Blizzard' criteria reached in several communities, more snow possible
Thursday's storm was declared a blizzard in Boston and several other communities, and there may be some more snow on the way. Boston, Marshfield, Hyannis, Providence, New Bedford, Block Island and Westerly all officially achieved blizzard criteria Thursday, according to the National Weather Service. It was the first official blizzard since Jan. 27, 2015. Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said city schools would stay closed on Friday, but stated the snow emergency and parking ban will be lifted at 8 a.m. Closings & Cancellations "The reason we are canceling schools (Friday) is the safety of the kids," Walsh said. "By not having the school buses out there, it will probably help the commute." Dozens of other school systems also announced on Thursday that school was canceled for Friday. The storm was dumping a widespread 12-18 inches of snow, and some areas could ultimately see more than 20 inches of snow because of the "fluff factor." The storm should move out for the entire region by midnight, StormTeam 5 meteorologist Harvey Leonard. The bad news? StormTeam 5 said there is more snow coming late Friday into Saturday morning. StormTeam 5 meteorologist
Thursday's storm was declared a blizzard in Boston and several other communities, and there may be some more snow on the way.
Boston, Marshfield, Hyannis, Providence, New Bedford, Block Island and Westerly all officially achieved blizzard criteria Thursday, according to the National Weather Service. It was the first official blizzard since Jan. 27, 2015.
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said city schools would stay closed on Friday, but stated the snow emergency and parking ban will be lifted at 8 a.m.
Closings & Cancellations
"The reason we are canceling schools (Friday) is the safety of the kids," Walsh said. "By not having the school buses out there, it will probably help the commute."
Dozens of other school systems also announced on Thursday that school was canceled for Friday.
The storm was dumping a widespread 12-18 inches of snow, and some areas could ultimately see more than 20 inches of snow because of the "fluff factor."
The storm should move out for the entire region by midnight, StormTeam 5 meteorologist Harvey Leonard. The bad news? StormTeam 5 said there is more snow coming late Friday into Saturday morning.
StormTeam 5 meteorologist February 10, 2017
Women make up more than half the population of the United States, about 51 percent. We women are 55 percent of college students and we take more degrees than men. About 44 million of us between the ages of 15 and 50 have children, but only 5 million or so are stay-at-home moms. That's because we go out to work: this year 74.6 million of us over age 16 make up almost half (47 percent) of the labor force. Forty percent of us work in fields thought to be ours by tradition: we are 90 percent of nurses, 93 percent of dental assistants, and 97 percent of preschool and kindergarten teachers. But we are also more than half of the nation's pharmacists, a third of its physicians and surgeons, a third of its lawyers and judges, and a quarter of its computer programmers. We are the majority owners of 38 percent of U.S. businesses, employing millions and annually generating revenue in the trillions of dollars.
But here's a problem: as workers, we don't get fairly paid. For every dollar a man earns, we average about 79 cents. These days, young women may get closer to 90 cents, but by age 35, if not before, they hit a wall; for older women, the wage gap only widens. Due to that gap, the average full-time working woman over the course of 40 years will be cheated out of $418,800; they would have to work 10 more years to make up the difference. If she's black, they will be shorted $840,040 and need to work 23 more years. If she's Latina, they will lose $1,043,800 and need to work another 34 years. Then there's the special case of the financial and insurance industry: there, women make only 60 cents to a man's dollar. All this despite the fact that Congress passed an Equal Pay Act more than 50 years ago. In addition, most of us run into a low-hanging ceiling. Take K-12 education, for example. Women are 76 percent of its teachers, 52 percent of its principals, but far less than a quarter of its superintendents. Similarly, women are 73 percent of medical and health care managers but only 4 percent of health care CEOs.
You'd think we women could turn for justice to our political representatives, but they're in short supply. In many of the world's parliaments, between 40 percent and 63 percent of the members are female, while in the U.S. that number hovers at about 19 percent. And it's a peculiarity of our Congress that members of congress feel entitled to interrupt, rebuke, and silence our members of congress. (Think of Senator Richard Burr lecturing Senator Kamala Harris, or Republican Majority leader Mitch McConnell officially silencing Senator Elizabeth Warren.) Then, of course, there's our demented president tweeting a doctored video of their big, fat self driving a golf ball to knock Hillary Clinton to the ground, a clear incitement of their woman-hating fans to violence against the first woman to be nominated by a major party for the presidency. (Lock them up!) And this long after 70 other countries around the world have been led by women, just as 20 are today, including our allies Germany, Great Britain, Norway, Switzerland, and Estonia.
India will miss you RK Laxman. We are grateful to you for adding the much-needed humour in our lives & always bringing smiles on our faces. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) January 26, 2015
Condolences on the sad demise of eminent cartoonist R K Laxman. They made their daily point while making us laugh. — Arun Jaitley (@arunjaitley) January 26, 2015
The best way for us politicians to memorialise #RKLaxman's legacy is to sometimes show courage to laugh at ourselves - a dying culture. RIP — Milind Deora (@milinddeora) January 26, 2015
"A picture is worth a thousand words". This phrase truly applies to the cartoons of Shri R.K. Laxman. India will miss them deeply! — Shahnawaz Hussain (@ShahnawazBJP) January 26, 2015
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday paid rich tributes to legendary cartoonist RK Laxman, who died in Pune, describing them as a genius who brought smiles with their wit and humour."In death of Laxman, India will miss the genius who made the common man into a national icon," the President said expressing their condolences."I feel personal loss because I was both an avid follower and subject of Laxman's cartoons," Mukherjee tweeted.In their condolence message, the Prime Minister said, "India will miss you RK Laxman. We are grateful to you for adding the much-needed humour in our lives & always bringing smiles on our faces.""My condolences to the family & countless well-wishers of a legend whose demise leaves a major void in our lives. RIP RK Laxman," Modi tweeted.Vice President Hamid Ansari said Laxman touched the lives of millions of our countrymen by their incisive humour and socially relevant messages expressed through their immensely popular cartoons.In their message, Congress president Sonia Gandhi said Laxman's "Common Man", for more than one generation, represented India and served as the conscience keeper of the establishment."Laxman was an intellectual giant who will be missed for decades to come and will serve as an inspiration to many," they said.Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan said, "Laxman touched the lives of the common people in many ways and portrayed their problems and aspirations for over half a century."Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi said, "Through their cartoons they held up a mirror to society - making us laugh at ourselves, while putting the concern of the common man at the forefront."One of the most incisive observers and commentators of post independence India, their loss will be mourned by the whole nation," they said.
7 Travel Health Products Everyone Should Have
9 SHARES Share Tweet
We pack light. A few pairs of underwear, a couple of shirts, one nice outfit – you get the idea. We certainly don't want to carry around a medicine cabinet. Thankfully, many travel health products are conveniently sized and lightweight. More importantly, they are incredibly valuable.
Depending on where you are traveling, you might not need the products listed below, but if you are planning on camping, spending time in rural areas or traveling to countries in the developing world, pay attention.
Water Filter and Purifier
I have been using a SteriPEN Traveler in West Africa and it has been an all star for me. I have used it in urban areas where the tap water is not safe to drink and in rural areas where most of the water comes from wells. I also travel with a filter, which I use before the SteriPEN if the water is cloudy at all. Both of these products take up little space. In addition to purifying my water, the SteriPEN has also helped me save money – no more buying bottled water!
Update: we highly recommend checking out the SteriPEN Adventurer pictured to the left. Take the Traveler and make it more efficient, effective and lightweight and this is what you end up with.
Water Bottle
A long time Nalgene user, I recently switched to Platypus for all my water bottle needs. What's great about Platypus water bottles is that they are not really bottles at all. Made from BPA-free plastic, the Platypus is a “soft” water bottle that you can actually roll up when it's not in use. Don't get me wrong, I love Nalgene water bottles, but this is about 80% lighter, takes up less space AND, in what may be the best feature of all, there is no water bottle or otherwise foul taste. Platypus claims the fresh taste comes from an “all-natural, silver-ion based anti-microbial we call SlimeGuard.” Whatever it is, it works!
First Aid Kit
Many people travel with a few band-aids, Neosporin, and some ibuprofen. That's fine if you are taking a trip to Paris. If you are planning on camping or hiking or if you are doing a lot of traveling in developing world areas, you're going to want a more substantial first aid kit. You can assemble your own (look for a future post on this), but you can also buy a pre-made kit like this one from Adventure Medical. This thing is loaded. It has everything from moleskin for blister treatment to oral rehydration salts for traveler's diarrhea to suture and syringe supplies. Allergy, anti-inflammatory and pain medication is included, along with a thermometer and a variety of sterile dressings. It also comes with a book: Comprehensive Guide to Wilderness & Travel Medicine. All told, it is only 6 x 5 inches and 4 inches deep, weighing in at 1 pound. Take out the book and it's about half the weight.
Oral Rehydration Salts
Oral rehydration salts are critical to overcoming traveler's diarrhea, but they can also be used to treat simple dehydration. These RecoverORS Packs have the ideal ratio of electrolytes to sugar and there is no extra artificial coloring or flavoring. They are great for simple dehydration and illnesses like traveler's diarrhea. They also might help with that hangover! You can pick up WHO certified oral rehydration salts at almost any pharmacy no matter where you are in the world, but you might not be able to find this specific product (which is also WHO certified by the way).
Something to clean your hands
One of the quickest ways to have a GI nightmare is by not keeping your hands clean, especially around meal time. Most cultures prioritize cleanliness and even in places where food is eaten with the hands (usually the right hand), pre-meal handwashing is a given. That said, the water may not always be treated. This is where an alcohol based hand sanitizer comes in handy. Germ-X Antibacterial Hand Sanitizing Wipes are a big part of my travel health arsenal. I buy the 100 count box and then take a handful out (more depending on the length of travel) whenever I am going on a trip. I prefer wipes because they actually get the dirt off. If you are just using liquid, you may be sanitizing your hands, but you are also just moving the dirt around and not actually getting it off.
Multivitamin
We mentioned a story on multivitamins from Wanderplex in our last travel health round-up. We also brought them up in our 6 travel health tips. Look, the most reliable nutrition you can find is in whole fruits and veggies. That said, it's not always easy to find nutrient rich dark leafy greens during your travels. Multivitamins are not going to single handedly keep you healthy, but they can certainly help, especially when you may experience several days of eating food that is not exactly filled to the brim with vitamins and minerals. Source Of Life multivitamins are what I use, mostly because they have everything I need without using preservatives or artificial ingredients.
Probiotics
The science is still out on whether probiotics make a significant impact in the prevention of traveler's diarrhea, but after taking them for a few months, I've become a believer. See our article on probiotics for travel for more information on how probiotics work. My go-to probiotics have been Enzymatic Therapy Acidophilus Pearls. A lot of people assume you can get adequate quantities of probiotics from yogurt, but most of the good bacteria in yogurt succumbs to your stomach acid before it can get to your intestines. Whether or not you want to take them as a preventative measure, you should definitely consider traveling with probiotics to take in the event that you have to go on antibiotics. Cipro, for example, will destroy both good bacteria and bad – probiotics can help restore the good.
How about you?
Have any travel health products you won't leave home without? Let us hear about them in the comments.
If you have ever seen a commercial for Viagra or any other erectile dysfunction drug, you've probably heard the advertiser warn male users to seek medical attention if they develop an erection lasting longer than four hours. I know some of you are probably thinking that a four-hour hard-on sounds like a positive side effect, but it isn't. An erection that won't go away on its own is a serious medical condition known as priapism (on a side note, priapism derives its name from the Greek god Priapus, who was always depicted in paintings and sculptures as having a gigantic, permanently erect penis). Such erections are not caused by prolonged sexual stimulation; rather, they result from blood being trapped in the penis instead of circulating normally. This condition is often quite painful and, if let untreated, can be very dangerous. In fact, without proper bloodflow, blot clots can develop and the penile tissue can become damaged or even die, which can potentially result in a permanent case of erectile dysfunction. As it turns out, however, priapism isn't a problem that is unique to men—in fact, some women have developed priapism of the clitoris.
Clitoral priapism is a similar phenomenon to penile priapism in that it results from an impaired ability of blood to flow out of the erectile chambers. The end result is that the clitoris becomes extremely engorged and swollen, and tends to be quite painful. Unlike penile priapism, though, clitoral priapism is not considered to be a medical emergency because the risk of a blood clot developing is much lower due to the way blood is supplied to that region of the body (there is more collateral circulation to the clitoris than there is to the penis, meaning there are more paths by which blood can reach the area). Although the health risks are lower for clitoral priapism compared to penile priapism, urgent treatment is still needed to reduce symptoms.
Clitoral priapism is associated with use of medications that block alpha-adrenergic receptors, which is the case with some types of antidepressants and psychotropic medications. For instance, in a recent case study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, a 29-year old woman developed a serious case of clitoral priapism shortly after beginning the antidepressants bupropion and trazodone [1]:
“Despite stopping the medications, they described swelling of the labia that worsened over 5 days, which was associated with throbbing pain in their clitoral region. The pain became debilitating, as they were unable to walk, sit, or stand without significant worsening in the intensity of the pain. On day 5, they presented to the emergency room for evaluation.”
The symptoms were ultimately alleviated by treatment with over-the-counter Sudafed. They received the maximum dose every 6 hours, and it took about three days for all symptoms to go away completely. Why Sudafed? Because it stimulates alpha-adrenergic receptors.
That said, there are other potential causes of clitoral priapism, including certain health conditions. Depending on the cause, different types of treatments may be more effective.
Although priapism can potentially affect both men and women, keep in mind that it is quite rare (one recent study of penile priapism put the incidence at 5.34 per 100,000 male subjects per year). The risk of priapism is definitely low, but if you ever find yourself with a painful penile or clitoral erection that lasts for hours and won't go away, do not hesitate to seek medical attention.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology ? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Unger, C. A., & Walters, M. D. (2014). Female clitoral priapism: An over‐the‐counter option for management. The Journal of Sexual Medicine, 11(9), 2354-2356.
Image Source: iStockphoto
You Might Also Like:
1.Â Â Â Rosalind Resnick – Founder of NetCreations
Why listen: Rosalind bootstrapped a company that they eventually took public. You'll learn the trial and error that went into finding that golden idea.
2.Â Â Â Timothy Sykes – Author of An American Hedge Fund
Why listen: Timothy teaches how they built a personal brand that led to appearances on CNBC, FOX Business, and other business news outlets.
3.Â Â Â Roger Ehrenberg – Managing Partner of IA Capital Partners, LLC
Why listen: Roger teaches you what they learned from a startup that spent $20 mil before closing.
4.Â Â Â Marcus Nelson – Co-Founder, UserVoice
Why listen: Marcus teaches you how to get your customers to help you build your business.
5.Â Â Â Premal Shah – President, Kiva.org
Why listen: Premal teaches you how to launch an agile company quickly.
6.Â Â Â Timothy Ferriss – Author, The Four Hour Work Week
Why listen: Timothy teaches you to network with bloggers to create an insanely successful book or startup.
7.Â Â Â Seth Godin – Founder, Squidoo
Why listen: Seth teaches you how to build a tribe of passionate supporters who will help you grow your business
8.Â Â Â Adeo Ressi – Founder, TheFunded.com
Why listen: Adeo teaches you how to protect yourself from investors.
9.Â Â Â Guy Kawasaki – Managing Director, Garage Technology Ventures
Why listen: Guy gives practical business advice, like “Don't worry. Be crappy.”
10.Â Â Â Tara Hunt – Author, The Woofie Factor
Why listen: Tara teaches you how to use social capital, instead of cash, to get things done in social media.
11.Â Â Â Tom Szaky – Founder TerraCycle
Why listen: Tom teaches you how to find value in assets that other people consider garbage.
12.Â Â Â Mark Jeffrey – CTO, Mahalo
Why listen: Mark talks about how they recovered and went on to build a successful startup, after a previous business failed.
13.Â Â Â Eric Stephens – Founder BeerMenus.com
Why listen: Eric teaches you how to design an intuitive user experience.
14.Â Â Â Ori Brafman – Author, Sway
Why listen: Ori teaches you how to understand what sways the people around you.
15.Â Â Â Dan Gould – VP, Technology at FIM
Why listen: Dan walks you, step-by-step, through the process of getting your startup funded.
16.Â Â Â Peter Pham – Founder, Bill Shrink
Why listen: Peter teaches you how to network with the top people in your field.
17.Â Â Â Ryan Scott – Founder, Causecast.org
Why listen: Ryan prepares you for what happens after you cash out of your startup.
18.Â Â Â Neil Patel – Co-Founder, KISSMetrics
Why listen: Neil teaches you how to promote your business online.
19.Â Â Â Karel Baloun – Founder, i2we, inc
Why listen: Karen, one of Facebook's early hires, helps you understand why Facebook succeeded.
20.Â Â Â Jeremy Schoemaker – Founder, ShoeMoney.com
Why listen: Jeremy shows you how to think more creatively about online marketing.
21.Â Â Â Julia Angwin – Author, Stealing MySpace
Why listen: Julia shows you how thinking like marketers helped the founders of MySpace build one of the most successful web businesses in history.
Yuma County Sheriff Leon Wilmot told the media last summer that returning marijuana to a medicinal user was "not how we do business."
But Wilmot did not return calls or even issue a statement this morning after the U.S. Supreme Court decided -- by its inaction -- that Wilmot must give the pot back to the patient.
With the decision to turn down the Yuma case for a hearing, the U.S. Supreme Court has sided squarely with the state's medical-marijuana law.
Continue Reading
See also: -Border Patrol Checkpoints Near Yuma Nab Hordes of Pot Users -Zander Welton Wins Arizona Medical-Marijuana Extracts Case
Apparently, the High Court may not believe what right-wing prohibitionists have been saying -- that the federal Controlled Substances Act invalidates state laws like the voter-approved one in Arizona.
Perhaps Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery ought to re-evaluate their policy of spending taxpayer money on endless appeals of local court cases that have upheld the Arizona law. Just as Sheriff Wilmot lost this case in state appeals court, Montgomery's been losing important cases on the issue, such as the former county ban on dispensaries in unincorporated areas, and the Zander Welton case on concentrates.
Previous U.S. Supreme Court cases, most notably the 2005 landmark case of Gonzales v. Raich that backed the federal prohibition on growing marijuana despite the freedoms given under California state law. But with this ruling, reportedly similar to California case the High Court declined to hear in 2008, the Supreme Court appears to give Arizona's medical-pot legalization law its blessing.
The Obama Administration, as you'll recall, decided last summer that it would not fight states that have legalized marijuana for medicinal or recreational purposes.
The Yuma case began after California patient Valerie Okun's car was stopped at a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint and was discovered to be in possession of about three-quarters of an ounce of cannabis.
Marijuana Deals Near You
As New Times reported in 2008, Yuma County has a convenient, money-making arrangement with the Border Patrol. While Yuma nor any other local authority in Arizona cannot set up a drug-sniffing dog checkpoint, the Border Patrol employs canines to look for large loads of drugs and illegal immigrants. The feds don't want to handle the many cases of average folks driving through the checkpoint with a little bit of marijuana, but Yuma County has been more than willing to prosecute offenders who don't have a medical card.
Okun proved they were a legal user under Arizona law, which recognizes medical-marijuana approvals from other states, but they were forced to sue when the Sheriff Wilmot refused to return them weed. The Arizona Supreme Court backed up Okun, but Wilmot continued to use taxpayer money to keep appealing. This morning, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the case, meaning Okun wins.
Sheriff Wilmot wasn't the only one to fail to return our call this morning. We also haven't heard back yet from Okun's Yuma lawyer, Michael Donovan, who was reportedly in a meeting and couldn't come to the phone, or from Drug Enforcement Agency spokesperson Ramona Sanchez. We'll let you know if any of them call back, or if the Yuma Sheriff releases a statement about when he's going to give Okun their two-year-old bag of pot back.
Got a tip? Send it to: Ray Stern.
Follow Valley Fever on Twitter at @ValleyFeverPHX. Follow Ray Stern on Twitter at @RayStern.
It happens.
A man was wounded in the leg by a gunshot at Sig Sauer Academy Wednesday morning and was transported to Portsmouth Regional Hospital, though police said the injury was minor. The man was in stable condition after they accidently fired a pistol at their leg and into the ground during a training session at one of the academy's shooting ranges, according to Epping Fire Chief Donald DeAngelis and Epping police Sgt. Stephen Soares.  They are believed to have had their finger still on the trigger as they attempted to put the pistol into its holster, according to Soares. The discharged bullet then grazed the man's leg, Soares said. No one else was harmed. Fire officials received a call reporting the accident at 12:56 p.m., but the man was already being treated by Sig Sauer's on-site paramedic team before Epping police and fire officials even arrived. The man was then transported by Epping fire to the hospital, officials said. Exeter Hospital paramedics also assisted. Sig Sauer has multiple shooting ranges at the academy location in Epping. The company's headquarters is at Pease International Tradeport in Newington.
This looks like a recognized case of “user error.”
Typically, this sort of incident occurs when shooters needlessly rush to re-holster their handgun. That is a phenomenon I've never understood. I've never heard of a single good (not absurd, unrealistic hypotheticals some yahoos can dream up) excuse for a civilian to attempt to re-holster as quickly as possible.
If you are ever involved in a deadly force situation where drawing your gun is legally authorized, there simply isn't any good reason to rush to jam it back in the holster. If there is an active threat, your gun should be out in a ready or firing position. If the threat goes away, you should be scanning for other potential threats, and then, and only then, do you slowly, reluctantly, look the gun into the holster.
It doesn't have to be a long contemplative stare, but if you draw a weapon, you need to quickly glance down to make sure that something hasn't obscured the holster mouth. You can then slowly, reluctantly, ease the weapon into the holster. If you shoot a hammer-fired handgun or are intelligent enough to install a striker control device (“Gadget”) on a Glock, your thumb should be on the back of the hammer/slide. It will tell you if something is caught on the trigger, depressing it, by attempting to move the hammer or SCD to the rear so that the gun can fire. That is your cue to arrest your re-holstering attempt, carefully remove the weapon, and clear the obstruction.
Likewise, if it has been a long day and you're having a bit of a brain freeze, the slow, reluctant re-holster will clue you in that your index finger is on the trigger when it makes contact with the holster, again sending out a mental alert that something is wrong, and you need to immediately stop attempting to re-holster your weapon, carefully remove it fully from the holster, and get your finger clear of the trigger guard before attempting to re-holster it again.
I'm sure there are probably a handful of outlier examples where someone was completely distracted and still managed to shoot themselves during a slow, reluctant re-holster, but I've not seen or heard of them myself.
No one has ever won a prize being the first person back in the holster.
Take your time, take it slow, and be safe.
How would you like to spend eight hours a day studying and talking about a single chapter of the Book of Mormon?
Because that's what I'm doing for two weeks in the Mormon Theology Seminar, which began last Monday at Union Theological Seminary in New York City. (You may have noticed that last Monday was also the last day I posted anything on this blog . . . .)
That's how intense this experience is. Every day, all eight scholars research and write a five-page paper about a few verses of Jacob 7, this summer's chosen text. Then we gather for four or five hours to read our papers aloud and talk about them.
It has been absolutely exhilarating so far, and not just because New York in June is every bit as likeable as the old song says.
You might think that mining the same territory so closely so many times would result in eight people saying the same thing every day in our papers, but it doesn't at all. Every day, when the other seminar participants present their findings, I think, “Wow. How could I have missed that connection?”
That's how rich the text is.
If you haven't read it (or if you have but can't immediately place it, as I couldn't a few months ago), Jacob 7 is the final good-bye of the priest Jacob, Nephi's younger brother who inherited responsibility for keeping the sacred records.
In this chapter, they put down the heresy of Sherem, an outsider who repents of their false teaching, which privileged keeping the Mosaic law over believing in a future Messiah. Sherem eventually converts to the truth of Christ but is struck down anyway.
So many questions have arisen in our analysis of this chapter. Here are a few:
Why does Sherem, unlike other unbelievers in the Book of Mormon who repent and change their ways, have to die?
Why is Jacob still so depressed, anxious, and fixated on death after their public triumph over heresy restores their people to righteous living and orthodox belief?
Why does the Book of Jacob have as many endings as a Peter Jackson movie?
In what ways is this chapter a game-changer, since the word “faith” becomes more important in the Book of Mormon going forward, and the subsequent teachings after the small plates show a greater emphasis on belief in Christ?
All of this work is in preparation for a public conference on Saturday, June 20, when the eight of us will present papers and invite some conversation about what this chapter means. The conference, which will be held in the “Bonhoeffer, Tillich and Niebuhr ate here!” refectory at Union Theological Seminary, is free and open to the public.
Throughout this past week, I've experienced a deep sense of gratitude that I can be part of this experience — not only for the whip-smart, kind and funny people who are here, but because what we're doing needs to be done. At the beginning of our discussions someone mentioned that it was safe to say that no group in the history of the world has ever dug so deeply into this particular chapter of the Book of Mormon before.
That's likely true but startling, because this kind of close scripture study happens in every upper-level grad school Bible course, yeshiva, and seminary, with people comparing how a single verb is used in one passage with other ways it appears in ancient texts, or debating the possible reasons for a tense switch or clause construction.
Meanwhile it still seems, nearly two centuries after its publication, that all Mormons have to say to the outside world about the Book of Mormon is to reiterate again and again that Joseph Smith didn't make it up. Many Latter-day Saints are still more concerned about proving the book's divine origins than we are in decoding its meaning.
The irony of this to me is that every time I have engaged in the hard work of burrowing deeply in the Book of Mormon, the center has always held: The book stands up to close scrutiny.
But proofs and apologetics are not the point of close readings; improved understanding is. And that's what this seminar is about.
I don't think this seminar's unique methodology is adoptable by most people who want to get to know the Book of Mormon. Who has eight hours a day to read scripture? I don't, at least not in my “real” life.
But I do know that marvelous realizations about scripture tend to occur not when we fly through the text in a checklisty attempt to “read the Book of Mormon in a year,” but when we return to the same passage again and again to think and pray about it.
Maybe instead of setting a reading goal of getting through the entire Book of Mormon, we should focus on two or three chapters . . . and then read them again. And again. And again.
NEW YORK, NY - AUGUST 12: People walk by a New York Police Department (NYPD) outpost in Times Square on August 12, 2013 in New York City. The controversial policy employed by the NYPD in high crime neighborhoods known as stop and frisk has been given a severe rebuke by a federal judge on Monday. U.S. District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin has appointed an independent monitor to oversee changes to the NYPD's stop and frisk tactic's after finding that it intentionally discriminates based on race. Both New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
New York City had fewer murders in 2013 than any year in its recorded history, according to a statement from the mayor's office.
As of Sunday, December 29, 333 people were murdered in New York City, a 20 percent drop from last year's record low of 417 murders.
The less-than-a-murder-a-day rate is a dramatic change from 2001, when there were 641 murders in New York City, and from 1991, when the murder rate skyrocketed to a record-high 2,245. In 1963, when the NYPD first started recording the number of murders per year, there were 548 homicides in the city.
Twice this year, New York City went for a week or longer without a single murder. During a cold spell in January, the city was murder-less for nine consecutive days. In October, the city went seven straight days without a homicide.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg and NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly have previously attributed the steep decline in the city's murder rate to an aggressive stop-and-frisk policy. Statistics show, however, that 2013's historically low murder rate coincided with a 60 percent drop in police stops.
Philadelphia, Los Angeles, and Chicago also experienced a big drop in murders this year, The New York Times reports.
Twice this year, New York City went 24 hours without a shooting or stabbing. As The New York Daily News reported in November, an average of 3.6 people are shot per day in New York City.
Hi all, ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Usual Disclaimers** These posts will often contain talk about future work we're doing, or planning to do, that isn't yet guaranteed to ship. The nature of the work could change or, depending on what we discover, projects mentioned may get put delayed or even stopped. If you'd like to see a Tweet whenever a new one of these posts goes up: https://twitter.com/RiotMeddler ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Evelynn** Wanted to talk about a few champs this time that I've seen a lot of questions about who we haven't talked much about recently. Evelynn's the first of those. They got a full VGU just before pre-season and we had some changes on the PBE for them at one point that mainly got reverted. At present we think Evelynn's somewhat on the strong side, though not sufficiently so that they need to be nerfed. A combination of the pre-season changes, and some recent bug fixes, have improved their performance noticeably.  They are getting overshadowed in terms of play rate by a lot of other junglers, our suspicion is that she's flying under the radar as a non lethality user there however, and is quite a bit better than she's being given credit for. We'll check in on them again after the break, see where things are at, no changes planned for 8.1 or 8.2 right now though. At some point if they end up weak we would want to reassess a couple of the changes for them we pulled from the PBE a while back (Q CD down with less monster refund, R refunding some CD on kill). Still interested in exploring those further. No guarantees they're necessarily the buffs we'd ship if they needed power, and as above we think she's closer to too strong than too weak. They had some promise though so would want to look at them again. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Tryndamere and Yi** Both Trynd and Yi lost some power with the pre-season changes, Trynd more so than Yi. For 7.24b we concluded it was better to put time into a subset of laning fighters (divers generally), working to improve their state, both in terms of kit changes and itemization. We'll be taking a look at Trynd and Yi in 8.2 instead as a result, see if, given the state of the game in January, they need changes, and if so whether that's changes to them specifically or to runes/items they use. No guarantees of anything specific of course, but they're on our list for when we get back. For anyone wondering the reason I mention 8.2 there, rather than 8.1, is because we're basically out of time on 8.1 work already. We'll get some late changes into when we get back if there's anything really urgent (micropatching a patch just before it goes out basically). Because we have to lock patches down well in advance, and that we put some time into 7.24b, we've got limited ability to do stuff with 8.1. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Heimerdinger** Finally, thought it'd be good to talk about Heimer. We've got a nerf in for Heimer that looks pretty hefty on paper, with their RQ turret's damage dropping from 200-340 (+0.7AP) to 100-180(+0.7AP). It's likely to be pretty hefty in game too, which we feel appropriate given how well Heimer's performing at present, particularly their ability to make it really difficult for many champs to all in them during laning phase. Worth noting though that this isn't a halving of their R's power. That's a nerf to the beam damage only, so the R turret's regular shots will still do the same amount of damage as at present. The ratio's unchanged too, so damage later in the game will be less affected. While the RQ is generally Heimer's go-to choice of upgrade, other R uses are unchanged so situations where those are good won't be impacted either. It's still possible despite those things that this will hit Heimer too hard of course and we'll give them a look after 8.1 goes out, see if they need adjustment in 8.2. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Last post of the year** We're about to hit the holiday break, so this will be my last of these posts in 2017. I'm planning on starting them up again early January once we're back in the office and have assessed the current state of the game. I hope you've enjoyed reading these posts. I wasn't sure when I started them back in February if they'd work out particularly well. I've felt really good about them personally though as a way talk about a range of things in a pretty casual (and often typo filled!) manner. I've also just really enjoyed doing them as well most days. Looking forward to keeping them rolling next year. http://ddragon.leagueoflegends.com/cdn/6.24.1/img/champion/Ziggs.png
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Online news service E1 in Yekaterinburg has been investigating if it is true that people from the Urals and further east have lower bottoms. Picture: E1
The issue has been the subject of conjecture for a long time, but now reports say the low slung bum it is not myth but reality.
Online news service E1 in Yekaterinburg has been investigating if it is true that people from the Urals and further east have lower bottoms.
Vladimir Ryzhkin, Chief Physiotherapist of Sverdlovsk region, explained: 'Yes, we see this visual contrast. It is due to genetics - the people with a 'Urals' type of figure have the characteristics of the Finno-Ugric group.
'There are features that are typical of Mansi groups like the short neck. And we have much of the Mansi blood'. Picture: E1
'Genetically, we are very different from Europeans, not only by appearance. For example, if we talk about organ transplants, it is very rare that our bodies are suitable for Europeans.
'There are features that are typical of Mansi groups like the short neck. And we have much of the Mansi blood.
'The 'Low bottom' is, of course, determined by genetics.'
Nikita Baranov, a Urals fashion designer, said: 'I work with clients from the Urals, so I can not make an objective comparison, but I can still see some common features. What you call a low bottom, we call a 'bottom type' body.
'If we imagine that the body shape as an hourglass, then the chest, the upper part is smaller than the hips, the bottom part. And yes, it is the type of shape that dominates'.
'Experts and fashion gurus say our women have lower bottoms than others - because of the cold'. Picture: Geometria
The director of the Institute of the Problems of the Development of the North, Anatoliy Bagashev, said: 'All humankind is divided into three types of people according to proportions: dolichomorphic type when the torso is much shorter compared to the length of the arms and legs, brachymorphic type with shorter legs and arms in comparison to the length of the torso, and mesomorphic type which doesn't have the difference between the lower and upper part of the body.
'People in the Urals, especially the part that is closer to Tyumen (in Siberia) mostly have a mixed meso-brachymorphic type.
'This happened mainly because of to the local, indigenous, tribes like Khanty, Mansi, Turks, Komi. They are all meso-brachymorphic type. After over 400 years of contacts of the local tribes with the Russians, who came to this territory, there were created people with this special type of shape.'
Dmitry Razhev, the institute's senior research fellow, said: 'This feature does exist. Of course, it's often noticed when looking at our girls and women, who are visually different from, let's say, those in Moscow, although it is typical for men too. It is also observed not only among residents of the Urals, but also among the residents of Siberia. In addition, this type of figure is typical for any race who has been living in this area for a long time'.
They said: 'Mansi, Khanty and Finno-Ugric tribes have passed their particular features to the new inhabitants of the Urals and Siberia'.
But they insist it is not only genetics - or rather over thousands of years the harsh cold has led to an adaptation of the body shape.
Police patrol in Yekaterinburg, Urals. Picture: Vera Shul
'This is the impact of climate, of the long, long winters,' they said.
'For thousands of years, adapting to the cold weather, the population of indigenous people of our country has acquired the proportions of the figure that fit the best to the existing conditions - short legs compared to the body allow saving and store heat more efficiently.
'Take a look at Africans. Long legs, compared with the body, are needed particularly for better heat transfer'.
More evidence revealing the ridiculousness of the centrist position on immigration – namely that refugees can be seamlessly integrated into European society without a spike in crime or terror – has emerged courtesy of the German newspaper Welt Am Sonntag which revealed Sunday that the number of terrorism-related cases investigated by German authorities has quadrupled over the past year.
Prosecutors have opened more than 900 cases so far this year, compared with just 240 throughout 2016, and 80 cases in 2013.
Germany's federal police estimate 705 Islamist extremists willing to carry out terror attacks are active in the country, up from 600 during an estimate in February. Germany's domestic intelligence agency recently said around 24,400 Islamists are active in the country but most of them don't pose an immediate terror threat.
To be sure, the number of migrants applying for asylum in Germany plummeted to about 280,000 in 2016, about one-third the number from the prior year. But the increase in crime – coupled with the Christian Democratic Union's embarrassing showing in federal elections last month – are slowly inspiring the country's centrists to accept that more needs to be done to limit and control immigration in Europe's largest economy.
According to the Daily Caller, Germany's federal prosecutor's office can't keep up with the increase in the number of cases. To wit, nearly 300 cases have been transferred to the state level. Not all cases involve plans to carry out attacks. Migrants from Syran, Iraq and Afghanistan have been tried over alleged membership in terror groups without being suspected of planning attacks on European soil.
BKA chief Holger Münch told daily newspaper Frankfurter Rundschau in July that the danger from politically motivated far-right and far-left wing extremist is dwarfed by the threat posed by jihadis.
“In the left-wing scene, the [German] states have currently estimated a number that can be counted on the fingers of one hand,” Münch said. “In the right-wing scene, the number is in the low double digits.”
Frustration over this increase in crime manifested last month in the far-right Alternative for Germany party's sweeping electoral triumph. The party, while still a minority, received 13% of the vote, earning it a place in Parliament – the first time a far-right party has held a spot in the legislature since World War II. It's now the third strongest party in Germany, and has created a headache for Chancellor Angela Merkel by busting up their ruling coalition.
As Statista points out, perhaps key to understanding Germany's tilt to the right is the indication that the majority of AfD voters say they made their decision not based on belief in the party, but rather as a reaction to their disappointment in the other parties – a dissatisfaction stemming from Merkel's insistence on an “open doors” refugee policy that has been proven to be a failure.
Two years after the European Commission carried out the bidding of German Chancellor Angela Merkel by approving a plan to distribute migrants entering the Schengen area through Greece and Italy evenly across the European Union, the recent landslide victory of “Czech Donald Trump” Andrej Babis and their Eurosceptic and anti-establishment political party shows how disillusioned the people of Europe have become with “open doors.” Babis's victory followed another important win by Austria's young conservative star, Sebastian Kurz, who at 31 is now the youngest leader in Europe.
The reason for this populist surge? Well, it appears Europeans have begun to realize that Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic – three countries that refused to accept migrants under the EU plan – have suffered far fewer terror attacks, as the map below shows.
Can you spot the gaps?
ESA's Rosetta spacecraft has finally collided with the comet it has been orbiting for the past two years, ending contact with its controllers back on Earth
Some space missions go out with a bang, others with a victorious return to Earth, but Rosetta's final moment was marked simply by radio silence.
Shortly after noon (BST) on Friday, the European Space Agency (ESA) spacecraft finally collided with the duck-shaped comet that it has been pursuing through space for twelve-and-a-half years, switched off its transmitters and hung up the phone to its controllers on Earth.
After Rosetta: what next for the European Space Agency? Read more
“This is the culmination of tremendous scientific and technical success for this mission,” said Patrick Martin, Rosetta's mission manager, after confirming touchdown. “It was historic, it was pioneering and it is revolutionising how we see comets. Farewell Rosetta, you've done the job: that was space science at its best.”
As the $1bn craft met the surface, indicated by a green wiggle flatlining on a computer screen at mission headquarters, scientists were left to wonder how the final moments played out.
Rosetta may have come gently to rest in the snow-drift texture of the comet's surface or bounced back into space, as the Philae lander did when it was dispatched in 2014. Rosetta's precise fate will never be known, because it was pre-programmed to shut down all communication on contact and there are no telescopes on Earth powerful enough to see it.
“This is space; anything can happen out there,” Professor Mark McCaughrean, a senior science advisor at ESA. “It's a bit like: does a tree make a sound in the forest if no one is there to hear it?”
The mission's end met with muted applause and hugs at ESA's Operations Centre in Darmstadt, where some of the assembled scientists had spent more than 20 years on the project.
Professor Ian Wright, principal investigator on the Ptolemy instrument on the Philae lander, said: “It's a bit like watching the boxed set of a TV series and knowing you've only got one episode to go. Sure, you are going to find out ‘who done it' but even so, you've been enjoying it so much you don't want it to stop.”
Alan Stern, of the Southwest Research Institute, Texas, who was principal investigator on the Alice instrument, compared the mission to a glorious holiday: “You are sad it is going to end but you are still happy you went on the journey.”
Rosetta touched down on the “head” of the comet at a speed of about 90 centimetres per second - around a walking pace. As it made the descent, the craft captured a series of final images, the last one taken about 10 metres from the surface.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rosetta's Osiris camera captured this image of the comet from an altitude of about 5.7 km during the spacecraft's final descent. Photograph: ESA/AP
The images show spectacular details of the Ma'at region of the comet, marked by large pits and “goose bump” structures. In the very last images, Rosetta's cameras are too close to focus, and the approaching grey, gravelly-looking surface can just be made out.
Despite looking like dust-covered rocks, previous measurements show that the comet is extremely porous, with about 70% of its interior being empty space.
“When you see these beautiful images of the comet you should not think of it as rock,” said Björn Davidsson, a Rosetta scientist based at Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory. “It's something like spun sugar or cotton candy – something very, very fluffy.”
Rosetta arrived at 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko in August 2014, after spending a decade chasing down the comet.
In the two years it spent in orbit, it sent back spectacular photographs of the comet's dramatic landscapes as well as reams of scientific data measuring its composition, density and magnetic field. Scientists discovered that the comet contains organic compounds that may have seeded life on Earth as well as water and molecular oxygen.
Understanding the composition of comets gives scientists a snapshot of the materials that were blowing around in the clouds of dust and gas from which the planets in our solar system formed around 4.6bn years ago. Comets have essentially been in a deep freeze ever since, making them valuable time capsules.
Monica Grady, a space scientist at the Open University who works on Ptolemy, said: “It was a very difficult and complex mission and the engineers pulled it off almost flawlessly. Lots of kudos to ESA for pulling it off.”
Rosetta mission ends with touchdown on comet 67P - as it happened Read more
Scientists chose to send Rosetta into a controlled descent because as Comet 67P heads towards the orbit of Jupiter, away from the sun, its solar power supply was destined to run out. Rather than risk putting the probe into a lengthy hibernation until it came closer to the sun again, ESA decided to acquire some last images and data.
“I've seen certain rock bands with certain singers that can't sing anymore. They should have stopped when they were fully functioning,” said project scientist Matt Taylor earlier this week. “And that is what we are doing here with Rosetta. It is maximising what we can do with the spacecraft at this time. This plunge is the only way to get this science.”
After the mission's end, ESA scientist Laurence O'Rouke, who found the lost Philae lander a few weeks ago, said: “I'm surprised how sad I feel. We were all prepared for this but it is still a bittersweet moment. It does allow us to look back and see who much Rosetta and Philae achieved – and that is overwhelming.”
Taylor said: “Rosetta was rock and roll. It turned everything up to eleven.”
Both the U.S. Constitution and the National Labor Relations Act protects the rights of workers and unions to speak out concerning their wages and working conditions in pursuit of organizing or collective bargaining. The right of free speech is particularly important during organizing campaigns when statements critical of the employer and its labor policies are an inevitable part of the union campaign.
But despite the formally stated pro-collective-bargaining policy of national law, employers, backed by teams of lawyers and labor consultants, have consistently, and in the main, successfully, resisted organizing efforts. Among the weapons used against workers and unions are defamation lawsuits based on criticisms of the employer made during the organizing campaign.
A recent Texas case, Professional Janitorial Service of Houston Inc. v. Service Employees International Union Local 5, illustrates the damage to national labor policy often created by punitive lawsuits and unsophisticated state court judges. In that case a Texas state judge, based on a jury finding, ordered the union, which represented low wage janitorial workers in the Houston area, to pay $5.3 million to Professional Janitorial Services because ofstatements that "disparaged the company."
The judge played a key role in encouraging the jury's verdict. For example, they presented to the jury not the actual union flyers and statements at issue in the case but, instead, abbreviated and inaccurate summaries of those materials written by the judge herself. The trial court also allowed the company's lawyers (over union objection) to rest the bulk of their case on an outdated union "campaign manual" that was not in effect during the Houston campaign and that no one involved in the Houston campaign had ever seen.
The actual statements made by the union were in fact typical union organizing claims. Many merely articulated the legal rights of workers. Notably the trial judge failed to analyze the contested speech in terms of the language or policy of either the NLRA or the Constitution. They did not show awareness of theU.S. Supreme Court's 1940 decision in Thornhill v. Alabama in which it stated that "the dissemination of information concerning the facts of a labor dispute [is] within that area of free discussion that is guaranteed by the Constitution." The Thornhill opinion has been regularly cited and its significance broadened since it was first issued.
Nor did the judge refer to Section 7 of the NLRA, which has been regularly held to protect a wide variety of speech in the organizing context. As the National Labor Relations Board and federal courts have recognized, it is not necessary that speech be courteous, accurate, or reasonable for it to be protected. It is also true that because of the doctrine of federal preemption, the great majority of speech or conduct protected or even arguably protected by the NLRA is not subject to the jurisdiction of state courts. "To allow the states to control conduct which is the subject of national regulation would create potential frustration of national purposes," wrote Justice Felix Frankfurter in the landmark 1959 Garmon decision.
In 1966, the U.S. Supreme Court created a narrow exception to the doctrine of federal preemption in the case of Linn v. United Plant Guard Workers of America. By a five to four vote the Court held that in limited circumstances an employer could bring a suit for libel or defamation against a union for false and malicious defamatory statements made during an organizing drive.
Justice Tom C. Clark, who wrote the majority opinion, acknowledged that it is
the policy "of the National Labor Relations Act … to encourage free debate on issues dividing labor and management." They noted with evident approval that "epithets such as ‘scab,' ‘unfair,' and ‘liar' are commonplace in these struggles and not so indefensible as to remove them from the protection of s 7, even though the statements are erroneous and defame one of the parties to the dispute." They also acknowledged that in the case of conduct covered by Section 7 of the NLRA "relinquishment of state jurisdiction … is essential ‘if the danger of state interference with national policy is to be averted.'"
It is clear that the trial court's actions in the PJS case did not meet the narrow requirements of the Linn case. Indeed, it is difficult to imagine a verdict that more blatantly overrides basic employee rights and traditional Constitutional policies. Fortunately, the union has begun the appeal process that will permit it to challenge the judge's mistaken rulings. One hopes that an appellate court will stand up for free speech and the long recognized and well-established rights of workers.
Even as the economic outlook brightens a bit, Americans' view of the nation's future, its leaders and its fundamental promise have darkened.
Tamera Bryant, 39, an internal auditor for a children's services firm and a single mom, says they are optimistic about the next four years. (Photo11: Stephanie M Strasburg for USA TODAY) Story Highlights Mood of America shows subdued expectations heading into new year
Three in four say politics is seriously harming the country
USA TODAY/Gallup Poll finds public divided about Obama, united in disdain for Congress
PITTSBURGH — Remember that wave of optimism and good feeling that typically greets a presidential inauguration, not to mention a new year?
This time, it's hard to find.
Battered by an economy that is only slow recovering — and soured by the spectacle of Washington dysfunction in the "fiscal cliff" debate — views of the nation's future and its fundamental promise have darkened in the four years since Barack Obama's first inauguration.
Then, even during an unfolding financial crisis, Americans believed by a double-digit margin that it was likely young people would have a better life than their parents, one facet of the classic American dream. Now, a USA TODAY/Gallup Poll finds they're narrowly inclined to say that's not likely. By 50%-47%, respondents say the country's best years are behind us.
"I'm pessimistic about where the country is and where it's going," says Rick Rogoff, 55, the owner of a small food-service company here, ticking off the reasons why. "From the cost of living to the quality of health care to inflation to the politics of the country — the partisanship, it's endless. I'm not really a pessimist. I'm a realist. I look at the situation and it's hard to find things that are good."
Even those with a more upbeat perspective sound less than confident. "I'm optimistic," Tamera Bryant, 39, the auditor for a non-profit organization, says of Obama's next four years, "but I think it's going to be a fight."
Call us weary and wary.
In the new poll, more than three of four Americans say the way politics works in Washington is causing serious harm to the country.Results from the nationwide poll and interviews in this Ohio River Valley city, which counts George Washington among its founders, underscore the rocky road Obama and other officials face in convincing Americans the nation can address its most persistent problems — and that they can be trusted to lead the way.
At a roundtable discussion in Pittsburgh and in follow-up interviews, the mood was subdued. Rogoff and Bryant were among 11 local residents with divergent points of view who met to discuss the prospects ahead for the president and the nation. Near the end of the evening, five raise their hands to say the nation's best days are ahead. The other six say the best days for the United States already have passed.
Over the past few years, some have seen job layoffs in their families and neighbors facing home foreclosures. Others worry that deficit spending, government regulations and the health care overhaul law are eroding individual freedoms. Last month's shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., shadowed their thoughts and the holidays.
They are divided about Obama but united in their disdain for Congress and Washington. By 4-1, Americans disapprove of the way Congress is handling its job. The perils-of-Pauline negotiations over the year-end budget and tax negotiations dubbed the fiscal cliff have fueled the sense that the government no longer functions as it should.
"I just wish the politicians would be unified for what's the good of the country, instead of the special interests and the partisanship and the party line. Just do what's right for the people of this country," Rogoff says. "We'd be unstoppable. But it seems like we've gone over the cliff on that."
"If they could work together, they could get more stuff done," Diana Jackson, 47, a customer-service representative, agrees. "I also think like this: We voted them in so they could do a job. If I didn't do my job, I'd get fired. Why can't they be accountable for not doing their job? They've forgotten why they're there."
Heads nod around the table.
Not-so-great expectations
The stratospheric expectations that surrounded Obama's groundbreaking election in 2008 have fallen back to Earth — not to dismal levels, but to decidedly lower ones.
Then, two-thirds in a USA TODAY/Gallup Poll said they were "optimistic" and "proud" in reaction to Obama's election; now, about half cite those emotions in response to their re-election. Then, six in 10 were "excited"; now, four in 10 feel that way.
Negative reactions run higher now. Three in 10 were "pessimistic" in response to their election four years ago; now 43% are. Then, 27% described their response as "afraid"; that number has jumped to 36%.
The poll of 1,025 adults taken Dec. 14-17 has a margin of error of +/– 4 percentage points.
Perspectives on Obama spark the most impassioned exchanges of the roundtable discussion. In the group, five had voted for Obama and five for Republican Mitt Romney; one had backed Green Party nominee Jill Stein.
"He's doing the best they can with what he's got," Jackson says of Obama. Michelle Stearns, 44, a social worker, wonders whether the friction between the political parties "is just people being prejudiced." At school, they say, their children hear "horrible racial slurs" against the president. They ask: "If Obama had been white, how would this have gone?"
Jennifer Majcher, 44, a stay-at-home mom and supporter of the Tea Party movement, counters heatedly that opposition to Obama has nothing to do with racial prejudice and everything to do with opposition to the policies they have pursued.
"He spent their way through everything," they say. "He pushed through everything they wanted and blamed (George W.) Bush for everything. I'm frustrated that people are blind to all the damage they have caused this country."
Asked to describe in a word or two what Obama's second term will be like, Majcher and Rogoff say "more of the same." The other Romney voters use similar language. Matt Gailey, a 33-year-old lawyer, says "depressing" and Dan Davis, 27, who works in a bank, says "disappointing." Armend Engelbrecht, 31, the owner of an auto mechanic firm, predicts "a dismal failure for the country."
Jim Pierce, 48, a real estate manager, talks during a focus group of 11 middle-class people from Pittsburgh. "I can see that people are having trouble," says Pierce of the tenants who rent from their real estate company. (Photo11: Stephanie M Strasburg for USA TODAY)
Among the Obama voters, the optimism of four years ago has been tempered. Kimberly Gillis, 42, a high-school English teacher, says it will be "positive" and Stearns struggles to find a word, then settles on "interesting." Jackson predicts a "tug of war." Jim Pierce, 48, who manages housing units, expects a "stalemate."
Karl Greenley, 34, a tech consultant who voted for the Green Party candidate for president, thinks the next four years will be "fraught with conflict."
Americans do see Obama's re-election as being consequential. In the USA TODAY poll, half say the fact they won the White House rather than Romney will make a great deal of difference to the future of the country. Just one in five say their election will make not much or no difference.
By 3-1, those surveyed predict that, in the next four years, Obama will be more liberal rather than more conservative than they were in their first term. There is wariness about the impact their second-term policies will have: 35% predict they will make their own financial situations better; 42% say they will make them worse.
And nearly three years after they signed their signature achievement into law, the president has yet to convince most Americans that the Affordable Care Act will prove to be a positive for them and their families. Four in 10 say the law designed to expand health coverage will make things worse; three in 10 say it will make things better.
Just 12% predict the law will make things for them "a lot better." Nearly twice as many, 21%, say it will make things "a lot worse."
In the roundtable, there is uncertainty and concern about what the provisions of the law will mean when fully implemented. "Obamacare is going to bankrupt us all," says Gailey, who calls the law unsustainable and complains that the United States is becoming more like the social welfare states of Europe.
Majcher worries the programs that have helped cover services for their 8-and 11-year-old sons, wh
o have attention-deficit and anxiety disorders, may be curtailed as a result of the law. "The government has been there for my children, but I'm a little worried what is going to happen," they say. "Is this all going to change?"
President Obama walks on the South Lawn as they leaf the White House on Tuesday to return to Hawaii for a family vacation. (Photo11: Charles Dharapak, AP)
Is that a light?
Americans do see a flicker of light at the end what has been a long tunnel.
Four years ago, just 13% of Americans said they were satisfied with the way things were going in the USA. At the time, financial institutions from big banks to the auto industry were in crisis as the economic contracted and unemployment soared. Now, 23% express satisfaction with the country's course — still significantly lower than when previous recent presidents took office for their second terms. For Bush in 2005, 45% were satisfied; for Bill Clinton in 1997, 43%; for Ronald Reagan in 1985, 52%.
Memories of the economic travails of the past few years are fresh. Jackson was laid off when their employer decided to contract out customer services; after five weeks the new firm hired them back but with less generous health care coverage and no 401(k) retirement plan. Pierce has watched as the low- and moderate-income families in housing units they manage struggle, "affording less, living on shoe strings, eating ramen" noodles.
In the poll, more than a third say either they or one of their closest family members have suffered a "major financial setback" in the past year; just one in five report a major financial gain in their family. While the economy, in fact, is growing again — the recession officially ended in June 2009 — just a third of Americans see it that way. They're outnumbered by the 44% who say it's in a recession or a depression.
There is more optimism when Americans consider their own families and their personal lives. They are inclined to say they and their families are better off rather than worse off than they were one year ago. Looking ahead, by an overwhelming 69%-27%, they are optimistic about how their family will fare in 2013.
"I see what seems to be an improvement in housing and the real-estate industry, and overall I think there have been more jobs," Stearns says. "There for a while, I know at my husband's job, they weren't doing raises; they were cutting everything. All of a sudden, in the past year or two, things have gotten better for them."
Still, predictions for the nation in 2013 are almost all downbeat.
By 2-1, those surveyed expect this year to be one of economic difficulty, not one of prosperity. A majority say employment will improve and inflation will be under control. But more than eight in 10 also say taxes and the crime rate will rise. Three of four predict a "troubled year" of international discord, not a peaceful one. Most believe American power around the globe will decline.
Last month's mass shooting in Newtown has reinforced a sense that the nation has gotten off-track in ways that seem beyond anyone's ability to remedy.
At the roundtable discussion, asked what has gotten worse about the country since they were growing up, Bryan offers: "Kids shooting kids."
"This country has way too many deaths attributed to weapons, to guns, like no other country in the world," Rogoff says in a follow-up interview. The shock of the Connecticut shootings has the National Rifle Association "running a little scared" at the moment, but they say experience suggests that won't last. "Long-term, the people have short memories."
In addition to doing more to control assault-style weapons and high-capacity magazines, Greenley says the government should fund and mandate safety training for gun owners, similar to that required to get a driver's license. But they doubt that or much else will happen. "The reaction so far seems like a lot of spinning wheels," they say.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/U5RQq6
PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron's party is set to win the biggest parliamentary majority for a French president since Charles de Gaulle's 1968 landslide, a survey of voter intentions for the coming legislative elections showed on Tuesday.
French President Emmanuel Macron waits for guests to leave at the Elysee Palace in Paris, France, June 6, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Such a majority would give Macron's government a strong mandate to push ahead with economic reforms, starting with a pro-business overhaul of France's labor code, a notoriously difficult area of policy to agree with trade unions.
(For a graphic on Election, click tmsnrt.rs/2rWjPPp)
Macron's centrist Republic On The Move (LREM) party, which launched in April last year and has revolutionized the French political scene, was seen scoring 29.5 percent of the vote in the June 11 first round, the Ipsos Sopra-Steria poll found.
With a solid lead ahead of other parties, LREM would go on to win 385-415 seats out of 577 in the lower house of parliament in a June 18 second round of voting, the poll showed.
The projected majority fits with a Cevipof survey for Le Monde on Friday, and would be the strongest since voters rallied behind former president and wartime hero De Gaulle in 1968 after student revolts and nationwide general strikes.
The conservative Republicans and their allies were seen at 23 percent, with the National Front on 17 percent, the hard-left France Unbowed 12.5 percent and the Socialists 8.5 percent.
LREM's first round lead has narrowed from 31 percent the last time the poll was conducted a week ago after Macron's former campaign chief - now a cabinet minister - came under investigation for past financial dealings.
The investigation into the activities of Richard Ferrand took a new turn on Tuesday as a media report said investigators had raided a business headquarters linked to their inquiries.
But that has so far done little to dent Macron's popularity after they beat the National Front's leader Marine Le Pen. Sixty percent of those surveyed said they were satisfied with Macron.
And, after the first round eliminates any candidate who gathers less than 12.5 percent of the vote, Macron's candidates will be strongly placed across the country to win the decisive second round, pollsters say.
In the second round, the poll projected that The Republicans party would win just 105-125 seats in parliament, the Socialists 25-35 seats, France Unbowed 12-22 seats and the National Front 5-15 seats.
The poll, conducted on June 2-4 for France Televisions and radiofrance with a sample of 2,103 people, also found that 68 percent of those surveyed had definitely made up their minds about whom they would vote for.
That rose to 75 percent for those backing Macron's party.
It happened late on Tuesday night. Of course I was working. "Have you seen this?" my colleague Chris Mills texted. They followed up with the link to a site where a rather devilish-looking UX professional promised to get drunk and evaluate the website of your choice. Only $75! I knew I had to do it, and that Gizmodo had to be their target.
The UX designer in question is Richard Littauer, currently living in Bali, who actually works doing UX projects during their sober days. But, like me, they still mess around with their work at night — sometimes over a beer or ten. And so on a whim, Littauer created a site called The User Is Drunk. There they wrote:
One of the core tenets of UX is that you've got to design like "the user is drunk." Any feature of your site has to be able to be used by someone who could be drunk - because, invariably, the user will mess it up otherwise. Wonderful idea. The thing is, it is hard to test. I and a lot of beer will test this for you.
They posted links to the site on HackerNews and Twitter. The response was so huge, even late on a Tuesday night, that they immediately upped their price from $50 to $75 (today it's at $250). Slightly drunk myself, I emailed Littauer and asked if he'd do an evaluation of Gizmodo, by using the site and trying to create a user account with Kinja, our publishing tool. They said they would do it in the next few hours, and I threw in an extra $25 to cover as much beer as they wanted.
Advertisement
I wasn't the only one who wanted their services. Littauer emailed me later to say:
The response has been absolutely incredible. I've received many requests, ranging from sober work to people asking if they could be my intern. I've gotten a ton of people wanting to be hired, which, frankly, is not surprising. I advertised solely by posting on HackerNews and on Twitter. The idea speaks for itself, and it got out fairly quick - it was the top of HN for almost an entire day, and #1 for 3 hours. The clients have been all over the place.
Here's their live screencast of the drunken Gizmodo experience, which we've edited for length (you can watch the full 12 minutes here):
This video had everybody at Giz laughing and typing "LOL" into Slack. Littauer wrote me a formal report the next morning, when they were sober. They said the drunk part is a lot easier than the sober evaluation:
Drunk user experience is a lot easier, because I can just speak - normal UX feedback requires much more writing and moderation, which can affect your judgment in different ways. It's nice to be able to just sit back and enjoy the ride. Also, it is far more fun, mostly because I am hanging out with friends and then just leave for a bit and come back to a new beer.
Advertisement
The upshot? A drunk person — and perhaps even a sober one — will love Gizmodo's editing tools. But they might not be able to find those editing tools. And if you are reading Gizmodo with an ad blocker on, you are actually missing a bunch of our non-ad content. You can read the full report below.
Despite the gimmick, I think the drunk user test is actually a good barometer of how usable a site is — not because most users are drunk, but because most of us read websites when we are distracted by a million other things. Our brains are not entirely focused on that one website, and therefore we may not pay enough attention to find navigation buttons that are disguised as weird teeny icons. And we may just lose patience and give up if it's not easy to get access to the fun/interesting/important stuff we want.
Advertisement
I use Gizmodo every day, and the whole site is as familiar to me as my actual real-life desk. So it was a good reality check to see what a typical (drunk) user deals with when they pay a visit to my digital home.
Contact the author at annalee@gizmodo.com.
Public PGP key
PGP fingerprint: CA58 326B 1ACB 133B 0D15 5BCE 3FC6 9123 B2AA 1E1A
ATHENS, Ga. -- In case you haven't heard, Georgia's headed to Atlanta and, more specifically, Mercedes-Benz Stadium at regular season's end. A Bulldog win over South Carolina coupled with a Kentucky loss to Ole Miss allowed UGA to sew up the SEC Eastern Division crown with two league games remaining.
Clinching The East is a big deal in most years and it's something the Bulldogs haven't done since 2012. It'll be Kirby Smart's first trip to the SEC Championship Game as a head coach but don't expect them to start savoring it just yet.
“There's not going to be a celebration,” Smart said. “I mean, what's there to celebrate? We're going to play Auburn next week and that's where our focus is. We control our destiny so we're a lot more concerned about us than we are Kentucky or Ole Miss.”
Smart has commented before on how winning the SEC East a team goal, but the Bulldogs do have bigger fish to fry at present. As the nation's No. 1 team according to the College Football Playoff rankings, UGA is in position to potentially challenge for a National Championship.
Those odds greatly increase if it finishes the season with a perfect record. Should Georgia arrive in Atlanta with a 12-0 record and lose to an undefeated Alabama team, the Bulldogs might have an opportunity to slip into the College Football Playoff because of the quality of its wins and one hypothetical loss.
None of that is possible, however, if Georgia doesn't take care of the business at hand. Smart told reporters after the game that he's fully aware of how their team controls its own destiny. That in and of itself gives the Bulldogs all the motivation they need to focus on themselves instead of who is winning and losing elsewhere in the league.
Their focus tonight will be recruiting and getting ready for The Deep South's Oldest Rivalry next week against Auburn.
As for the players, it's business as usual. They'll take the next 24 hours to enjoy a ninth-straight win to start the season then it'll be on to Auburn.
“Obviously that's great. That's our goal,” Sony Michel said of clinching the SEC East. “That's everybody's goal but we don't really focus on that. Our focus was South Carolina. We handled that. We're going to enjoy this victory.”
Getty Images
Heading into the Combine, Ole Miss offensive tackle Laremy Tunsil is increasingly looking like the overwhelming favorite to go to the Titans as the first overall pick in the 2016 NFL draft.
All four of NFL.com's mock drafts have Tunsil going first. The CBS mock draft has Tunsil going first. Mel Kiper's mock draft has Tunsil going first. Mike Mayock thinks Tunsil is a perfect fit for Tennessee.
“Great feet, long arms, but I don't know if he's as strong as Trent,” Mayock told Peter King of TheMMQB.com. “If you're Tennessee, and you've got your franchise quarterback, step two is how you enhance their position, protecting them up front and getting them enough weapons. The one thing I say about the first pick is they better be a good football player on day one, an eight-to-10-year starter barring injury, an alpha male, good in the locker room . . . or you don't want to take them there. But does Tunsil make sense for Tennessee? Sure they do, and they enhance two positions, because you can move Taylor Lewan to the right side, which is probably a better position for him.”
It's still more than two months before the draft, and there's no sure thing right now. The Titans will consider trading down, especially if some team that falls in love with a quarterback offers them a package of picks. But the Titans have identified protecting quarterback Marcus Mariota as their top priority heading into this offseason, and nothing would bolster their pass protection more than drafting Tunsil.
The most basic rule of schoolyard behavior is this: Don't challenge the school bully if your knees are buckling under you. Mr Obama keeps ignoring the rule, with predictable results: One tyrant, one despot after another receives their confirmation that the USA is no dangerous, no matter what you do. Thinking the US in not dangerous is very dangerous for the world. I keep challenging the ones and the others, including mainstream libertarians, to say what will, or should replace the pax americana that has given us relative peace since 1945. No one cares to answer.
This introduction, not by way of beginning to argue that the US should have gone to war over Crimea. I don't believe it should have; I don't even think the US should have risked war ever so little because of Crimea. I think rather that Mr Obama should have been absent, with a pass for the nurse's office, for example. Neither am I being pathetically “realistic,” here. Mine is a principled position. Let me explain.
Anyone who has any libertarian fiber but who maintains their criticality should be instinctively in favor of secessions. Two reasons.
First if being governed is an assault on individual liberty, being governed by those who are unlike you in some fundamental way is a doubly liberticide. Fundamental differences include, but are not limited to, language. That's because your language largely determines the way you see the world and your sensitivities, what's important to you as a person. Governors who have different beliefs, who operate on the basis of different assumptions, who nurture different dislikes than you are bound to commit slow rape on you every day of your life. That's true even if they harbor zero hostile intention toward you. And that's unless you volunteer, of course, as many immigrants like me – do.
I wish good luck to the Catalan independentists and to the Scottish autonomists. I would even if you proved to me beyond the shadow of a doubt that powerful economic interests undergirth their efforts. It's true that Catalonia is more prosperous than the rest of Spain. It does not prevent Catalans from feelings how they do. They probably would, if they were less prosperous. I don't know if the Scots would like to split from the UK absent North Sea oil but, if they do, they do, and that's it. I believe, of course, that the Tibetans have had a solid claim for secession for all the time they have been under Chinese rule. (And, yes, it may well be that the objective quality of their lives has improved under Chinese Communist Party dictatorship.)
Am I saying that it's better to be oppressed by those you think of as your kin?
Yes.
The Crimean population overwhelmingly wanted secession from Ukraine. Without the presence of Russian guns, the referendum would have been, maybe, 76 % in favor rather than 96%. The final result would have been the same. It's not difficult to entertain this double thought: Putin is a gangster and the Crimeans would rather be Russian citizens.
Speaking of Putin: The fact that they used exactly the same arguments as Hitler in 1939 does not logically imply that they did something like dismantling and gobbling up independent Czechoslovakia. The Czechs and the Slovaks, were not volunteers the way most Crimeans are. The annexation of Crimea by Russia changes little to all this. (See below.) Crimeans did not feel Ukrainian, overall and they were tired of being very poor under Ukraine. They would rather be moderately poor as Russians. It's not hard to believe either.
The second reason for libertarians to favor secession instinctively is that rational people cannot treat the boundaries of nation-states as if they were sacred, the way most governments pretend to do. At best, one could argue that that fiction contributes to world stability. (I doubt it but it's not a stupid position.) Rather, the borders of existing nation-states are often the result of centuries of sometimes successful wars (France), or of recent shameless robbery of one's neighbors (the US), or of colonial bureaucratic insouciance (Iraq). In some cases, the tracing of boundaries looks like a joke: Take for example the long penis-like extension of Afghanistan into China in the eastern part of the former country. The mapmaker, probably a junior English officer must have chuckled with relief in their loneliness.
National boundaries may be useful or even indispensable (to control entry, of undesirables, for example) that makes them a necessity, or a necessary evil. Nothing confers on them a status above critical thinking: Sometimes, the violation of existing borders should not be countenanced; sometimes, such violation deserves only a shrug.
Note with respect to the present annexation of Crimea by Russia following this secession, I am saying nothing about the ensuing strengthening of the Russian kleptocracy. The encouragement of tyrants inherent in the Putin impunity also belongs in another essay.
The fact is that the prevention of secession has always produced tons of mischief, most of it violent, much of it an affront to basic human decency.
Hitler used the existence of a sizable German minority in a strategically important part of Czechoslovakia, of smaller Hungarians-speaking and of Ukrainian-speaking smaller minorities elsewhere to start World War II. It's possible, even likely that Hitler would have used another excuse absent this one. But linguistic minority aspirations gave a cover of semi-legitimacy to their aggressive action. Without such legitimacy, it is quite conceivable that British and French public opinions would have demanded that Hitler be stopped while it was still possible. (The whole sorry story of Western passivity and vacillation in 1938-39 is recounted in minute, hour-by hour detail in William Shirer' s classic: The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich.)
In more recent times, we witnessed violent and massive ethnic cleansing in Kosovo , the three-year long siege of a large city one hour flight from Rome, Sarajevo, and the starvation and daily bombing of its civilian population, and the massacre of thousands of men and boys, also in Bosnia. Most of these horrors could have been avoided by finely wrought enough secessions, even at county level if necessary.
A contrario examples abound of the healthful, virtuous nature of secession as a solution to intercommunal tensions. Some come from the most unlikely places.
The dissolution of Czechoslovakia – a radical form of secession – in 1993 was so peaceful that it went almost unperceived . The resulting Czech and Slovak Republics have since continued separately on their fairly prosperous paths. They maintain sound relationships as good neighbors (as very good neighbors, more or less like the US and Canada).
Paradoxically, today's Iraq offers a striking example of the virtuousness of secession. The world follows with a tired eye Iraqi Arabs eviscerating each other along communal lines. That is, the Sunni Muslim Arabs there and the Shiite Muslim Arabs there are slaughtering each other every day, same as when the presence of Americans was said to cause all the murderous civil strife. Many Sunnis and many Shiites consider themselves members of existentially different groups. They do so for reasons that are probably difficult for Westerners to understand (except those who remember the Wars of Religion in Europe, of course, between 1520 and 1648.) It matters not; as far as they are concerned, those are reasons worth killing and dying for. Keeping them bottled up together, forced co-habitation, is not likely to attenuate these sentiments. (Think of ill-matched college roommates.)
In the meantime, you hardly ever hear of the Northern third of the same country, bloodied Iraq. I refer to “Kurdistan,” still formally a part of the Iraqi republic. Kurdistan, which does not exist officially, is people mostly by Kurds, a group with a distinctive language unrelated to Arabic. They comprise both Sunnis and Shiites. As far as the facts on the ground are concerned, Iraqi “Kurdistan” has achieved secession from its bloodied mother country. No shot was fired in spite of the quick-trigger violence of the Middle-East. The Kurdish area is so prosperous and so peaceful that others go there on vacation. The vacationers are first of all, Arabs from other parts of Iraq seeking relief from incessant violence in their part of the country. Second, Turks are crossing their southern border in increasing numbers for the same purpose . (May of those Turkish tourists are probably themselves ethnic Kurds.)
And we should not lose track of the fact that the 25 years of Saddam tyranny over all of Iraq, accompanied by internal massacres and two wars they started deliberately found what legitimacy it possessed in the supposedly sacred duty to keep Iraq unified. (Keep in mind that the Saddamite regime utterly lacked traditional legitimacy and religious legitimacy, or the political legitimacy that comes from winning fair elections, or any other source of legitimacy.)
Had Iraq broken up earlier into a Kurdish north, a Sunni center and a Shiite south, the world and, especially, the martyred Iraqi people, would have been spared enormous misery. It's not too late to achieve this end.
I am speculating that many people's unexamined attachment to the general concept of national border harks back to an earlier time, a time when they were coterminous with economic boundaries and with information boundaries. Not long ago, French citizens ate almost only French food, they wore only French-made clothing (there was even lively traffic in illegal, smuggled blue jeans), and heard and read only news originating in France in French. All was produced almost entirely with French capital. National boundaries were then the very containers of our existence defined in the most concrete ways. None of this is true anymore for most countries. Borders are porous to most things including words (if not yet to people). Many people are thus ready to fight for a reality that disappeared quite a while ago.
A major more or less unintended effect of this pursuit of ghosts is that it easily turns to bloodshed, domestic and international. So, many Spaniards are resisting the threatened secession of Catalonia as if it would become a catastrophe of sorts for them. There is still little realization that nations that perceived themselves as homogeneous (for whatever reason) are spared major conflicts, including civil conflict. Homogeneous Denmark, with a similar level of development, is more peaceful than bi-community (linguistic communities) Belgium. Either a Walloon or a Flemish secession there would improve the lives of both Walloon and Fleming.
Secession is usually a good thing overall, for peace, and for individual liberties. Let them go and they will lose the ability to stab you in your own kitchen with your own kitchen knife. They may even become your friends, after a while.
N.B. I still have not heard anyone, or heard of anyone saying that they regretted voting for Obama. Amazing!
This post was written by Stephen Messenger on The Dodo.
The latest trend in smartphone holders might seem a bit too cutesy to be practical, but at least this cozy little rodent doesn't seem to mind. According to RocketNews24, mini mattress-shaped carrying cases are the hot item among iPhone owners in Japan—though given the nation's obsession with all-things hamsters, it was only a matter of time before the two came together in a collision of cuteness.
Twitter user maimai unleashed an awww-storm this week after uploading a photo of their furry pet napping in the place where their phone normally sleeps.
Within days, more than 30,000 people retweeted and favorited the heavy-lidded hamster photo, but not everyone was so easily won over. After several incredulous online critics blasted maimai for staging the sleeping scene, they were forced to prove that it was indeed the hamster's idea.
Maimai followed up the original tweet with these shots taken beforehand.
(Twitter/maimai)
Now that the matter is squarely settled, it's time to go back into sleep mode.
(Twitter/maimai)
IJED Articles
ADDRESSING POVERTY IN PERU: DEGROWTH, INDIGENOUS LOCAL FARMING, AND TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION
Author: MATEO S. PIMENTEL, BRIAN HARPER and EDWARD J. MARTIN
Published in IJED, Vol. 10 No. 1
Persons living in least-developed countries (LDCs) often face life-threatening issues with respect to lack of water, nutrition and economic freedom. Thus development practitioners focus on the practicability, sustainability, implementability and economic viability of projects that aim to address poverty. One area in which development practitioners and LDCs communities can come together to solve serious problems in development is sustainable animal husbandry and local farming. In particular, guinea pig farming in Peru may be one feasible prospect for practitioners and participants to explore. Innovations are developing in local farming, and in this case, the keeping and farming of guinea pigs. This study presents a firsthand account of local guinea pig farming to observe how and where innovation occurs in guinea pig farming and technology. Information about guinea pig farming from expert and government sources is also considered. Other studies researchers have performed deal with many facets of guinea pig husbandry, such as its popularity across cultures and continents, including but not limited to LDCs. Local efforts at farming (chicken and livestock) have proven increasingly difficult for indigenous people in attempting to compete with corporate producers. This study indicates a competitive model for indigenous people in Peru.
Download PDF
Ben Lund, Chris Hill, Tom Stockman, Zack Myers, Dr. Judy Schneider, Ryan Anderson, and Phillip Morrison (l-r) study the correlation of environmental effects on the mechanical performance of structural materials.
When engineers at the NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) wanted to test the strength and reliability of their newest, additively manufactured rocket engine igniter, they turned to Dr. Judy Schneider for help. A professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH), Dr. Schneider and their students study the correlation of environmental effects on the mechanical performance of structural materials, and in particular, those produced by advanced manufacturing processes.
"The companies and government agencies that we work with have the ability to print parts using cutting-edge manufacturing processes, but they don't necessarily know the properties of the parts they're making – they're just taking their best shot," says Dr. Schneider, who is a fellow of ASM International. "What we do is test their samples by looking at the mechanical properties and the microstructures, and then we analyze the results and report back so that the company or agency can modify their printing process accordingly."
In this case, the additive manufacture of the igniter prototype used by the NASA MSFC was produced by DMG-Mori, a global machining manufacturer. Using a process known as automated blown-powder laser deposition, they were able to save both time and money by printing a single bi-metallic part rather than manufacturing and brazing together multiple parts. But before the NASA MSFC engineers could hot-fire test it, they had to find out from Dr. Schneider and their team if the resulting structure could withstand the rigors of the environment.
These students now have an in-depth knowledge of advanced manufacturing processes. Dr. Judy Schneider
UAH professor
"MSFC has invested heavily in this additive manufacturing process, but they were worried about the resulting mechanical properties," they say. "So we reached out to DMG-Mori, and they suggested we send someone to help make samples of the Inconel and copper used in the igniter for us to test." That someone ended up being master's mechanical engineering student Chris Hill, who spent a spring semester at DMG-Mori's Hoffman Estates, Ill., facility, where test specimens were produced to verify the parameters for fabrication of the igniter.
"First we had to figure out how to make the Inconel test coupons using the blown-powder laser deposition process, and then we had to get it to bond to the copper," says Hill, who also earned their undergraduate degree in the field from UAH. "That was the most challenging, because we had nothing to go off. We couldn't ask other companies what they were doing because of the proprietary nature, so we really had to think outside the box."
By the time they returned in May 2016, they had successfully prepared 42 test coupons – 27 for tensile testing and 15 for fatigue testing. Hill worked with fellow master's student Ryan Anderson to conduct a variety of tests on the samples to analyze the microstructure and mechanical properties. "We did tensile, fatigue and hardness testing, as well as void analysis," says Hill. "Then we analyzed the results from the mechanical tests we ran." The properties of the base materials are now the focus of Hill's master's thesis.
With the baseline properties in hand, it was time for Anderson to evaluate the bi-metallic bond – a process that involves mounting a piece of the test coupon within a phenolic and polishing it until the grain structure is visible under an optical microscope. "It's difficult to prepare these samples when you have a hard material like Inconel and a soft one like copper because you have to spend a lot of time polishing it," says Dr. Schneider. "You also have to be very detail oriented, and document and take pictures of everything so that you have the answer to any questions about the process." Fortunately, they add with a smile, "Ryan is a whiz at this!"
UAH mechanical engineering graduate students Chris Hill and Ryan Anderson played a key role in confirming the strength and reliability of MSFC's newest rocket engine igniter.
Anderson, whose master's thesis is focused on how different processes affect the resulting interface in bi-metallic builds, says they were mainly focused on the bond between the Inconel and copper and evaluating it. "I have been looking at the microstructure to see how the bond is created using different additive manufacturing processes, like wire feed and blown powder," they explain.
What Hill and Anderson found was that the igniter fabricated using the blown-powder process was metallurgically sound, thanks to the interfusing of the two metals involved. That assurance subsequently allowed NASA MSFC to schedule and successfully subject the igniter to hot-fire testing in July 2017. "It was nice to see it come to fruition like that, because when you work in a laboratory you don't always have that opportunity," says Dr. Schneider. For Hill, being able to follow the process from test coupon to a finished product was "the cherry on top," they say.
But while the project itself is over, the students are continuing to reap the rewards of such a valuable experience. Hill has since been asked to join MSFC's team as an intern, and both they and Anderson are working with Dr. Schneider, NASA MSFC, and DMG-Mori on a paper for publication in a peer-reviewed journal. The results of this project were also presented at the recent 68th International Astronautical Congress meeting in Adelaide, Australia, in September 2017, and in the spring, Ryan will present at the Minerals, Metals, & Materials Society's 2018 annual meeting in Phoenix, Ariz.
"These students now have an in-depth knowledge of advanced manufacturing processes and how to design for each particular process," says Dr. Schneider. "It's fun for us because we're learning all the little tricks, and the students earn their graduate degrees in a very relevant field!"
This article originally appeared at RT
A man claiming to be a Ukrainian major general and former assistant to the country's defense minister has announced they are now working with the forces of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic.
"I am Ukrainian Armed Forces Major General Aleksandr Kolomiyets. My latest posts are chief analyst of the Ukrainian armed forces, assistant to the Ukrainian defense minister," the man said at a news conference at the Donetsk news agency loyal to the self-proclaimed republic. Kolomiyets had also spent 19 years as the chief enlistment officer in the Donetsk region.
"I am going to work for the good of the Donetsk People's Republic," Kolomiyets (not to be confused with oligarch Igor Kolomoysky) announced.
they defector says they took their family out of the Ukrainian capital, fearing repercussions from officials.
They also claim a lot of people in the Ukrainian military want to switch to the self-proclaimed republics' side, including officers. According to Kolomiyets, hundreds have already abandoned Kiev.
"Look at who is actually fighting. Only the volunteers from nationalist squads," the defector said at the news conference.
There is growing dissatisfaction with the commanders, Kolomiyets said. "Soon, there is going to be unrest within the military. They do not understand the orders they are given, to kill civilians. We are going to see that by autumn, everything will change."
They added that morale is very low in the Ukrainian army: "All the officers, the generals that understand the criminal nature of the authorities' actions, do not want to fight."
Meanwhile, the press secretary of Ukraine's General Staff has told Ukrainskaya Pravda newspaper that Kolomiyets was fired from the army in 2012 due to incompetence. "He could not handle the post of the army's top analyst,"the newspaper quoted the press secretary as saying. "Besides, they traveled to Russia as a private [individual]. Military men are supposed to inform their commanders about such visits, but they broke the rules."
Kolomiyets, if it is him, is not the first Ukrainian official to have switched sides in the conflict that has been tearing the country apart for over a year now. Previous defections include the head of the Lugansk customs office, an officer of the Ukrainian foreign intelligence office and a member of staff of the Ukrainian embassy in France.
The first vaccine against dengue fever won clearance in Mexico, an initial step toward preventing the mosquito-borne infection that puts half of the world's population at risk. Sanofi expects more approvals in 'upcoming weeks' for the product, called Dengvaxia, in Latin America and Asia, Olivier Charmeil, who heads the Paris-based company's vaccines unit, said.The injection can thwart all four types of the virus, which has appeared in Portugal, France, Florida and Japan recently and increased the risk of 'explosive outbreaks,' according to the World Health Organization Outbreaks are on the rise. Unlike malaria , another disease spread by mosquitoes, dengue affects wealthier urban populations in middle-income countries in Latin America and Asia in addition to poorer African nations.Dengvaxia, developed over the past 20 years at a cost of 1.5 billion euros ($1.65 billion), including manufacturing investments, awaits approval in at least 19 other countries. Mexico's regulator endorsed it for people between the ages of 9 and 45 living in areas where the disease is endemic.Dengvaxia's sales may reach $1.4 billion by 2020, according to analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sanofi said Dengvaxia "will be priced at a fair, affordable, equitable and sustainable price."Some countries may distribute it for free, said Guillaume Leroy, vice president of the dengue vaccine team at Sanofi. Dengue infection causes flu-like illness that can develop into potentially fatal complication.By Makiko Kitamura
I will never forget many years ago flying into Portland International Airport and seeing the iconic and sometimes visually loud carpet. Over the past 20 some odd years flying into the airport I always felt fairly nostalgic when seeing it and actually looked at carpets in airports around the world and nothing compared it.
This last Spring I remember flying into PDX and doing the ceremonial photo of my feet on the carpet. It was that very day I knew I had to be back in my PDX home again after being away for 18 years. It happened and now I am happily back in my Portland Oregon but they have started to replace the old carpet with a new design. Change is never easy and I have a long attachment to the old design and prefer its color and quirky shapes.
Yesterday after drinking too much coffee in the morning I drew the old and new carpet pattern designs in AutoCAD and placed the drawing on A360 for everyone to view and download the DWG if you want.All I ask is if you do use the DWG to please send me a image or link to how you use the patterns. I am lobbying to get the PDX carpet design printed on a wall in our Lake Oswego office or perhaps re-print a carpet with it.
View and download the PDX Carpet Design DWG file. http://a360.co/1MeTxsx
My friends at Rogue even made a PDX Carpet India Pale Ale.
PDX Carpet story on the always amazing 99% Invisible Podcast published on Feb 24, 2014 by Roman Mars.
Episode 154: PDX Carpet http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/pdx-carpet/
Portland aka Portlandia prides itself in being unique, creative, outside the box, weird, our free range unicorn herds, world's best beer and coffee, and loving our retro design carpet in our PDX top ranked airport.
Don't judge us.
Cheers,
Shaan a Portlandian.
An Egyptian police officer was sentenced to 10 years in prison with labor on Tuesday in connection with the deaths of 36 Muslim Brotherhood members and supporters last year, judicial sources said.
The men had died in the back of a crammed police van when they were being transported to a prison near Cairo on Aug. 18. A legal source said the men had died from asphyxiation in the van, according to Reuters news agency.
The prisoners were killed when tear gas was fired into a truck taking them from a police station to a prison near Cairo on August 18, at the peak of the crackdown.
The officer given 10 years was deputy head of the police station who oversaw the transfer.
The four officers were convicted of manslaughter after the court accepted prosecution evidence that they had acted recklessly towards the victims.
The interior ministry said at the time of the incident that police fired tear gas when the inmates rioted as they were being transferred to Abu Zaabal prison in Cairo.
Tuesday's verdict was handed down after the court heard testimony from seven wounded prisoners. It can be appealed.
The court also heard from a justice ministry expert who testified that the truck was designed to carry just 24 people, but was packed with 45 on the day of the tear-gassing.
The deaths came four days after security forces stormed two Cairo protest camps set up by Mursi's supporters, triggering clashes that killed hundreds.
Egypt's official National Council for Human Rights said in a report this week that both police and armed protesters were responsible for the deaths of more than 600 people in the August 14 violence.
Amnesty International says more than 1,400 people have been killed since Mursi's overthrow, and thousands more arrested. It has repeatedly accused the security forces of using "excessive" force against Islamist protesters.
Mursi themselves and top Muslim Brotherhood leaders have been put on trial on charges that could be punishable by death.
On Tuesday, police prevented the pro-Mursi Anti-Coup Alliance from holding a press conference, asking journalists to leave.
An AFP correspondent who went to attend found police deployed outside the venue.
Militant attacks targeting police and troops have increased since Mursi's ouster.
A new Islamist group claimed responsibility for a spate of attacks on police officers in the Nile Delta.
Ansar al-Shariah, a name used by jihadist groups in other countries, had recently announced its formation in Egypt, before issuing another statement on Monday saying it targeted 28 "treasonous" security men.
More than 200 police officers and soldiers have been killed by militants based in the restive Sinai Peninsula since Mursi's ouster.
The statement, posted on Facebook and circulated on militant Islamist forums, said the attacks in the Nile Delta over the past few months were to avenge abuses against "our sisters," a possible reference to detained Islamist women.
The statement's authenticity could not be verified.
(With Reuters and AFP)
Last Update: Tuesday, 18 March 2014 KSA 21:41 - GMT 18:41
Rare guns are regularly sold at auction across the nation, and we'll be auctioning off a lot of over 100 firearms, each with a unique story, at an auction Friday, October 14.
While each gun has a story to tell, stories from seven of the models up for sale are too good not to share. From being favored by a president, a few that played a role in making great strides for firearms, and one valued at a pretty penny, these guns have played a big part in our country's history.
These are only a few of more than 100 unique guns up for auction, which starts at 6 p.m. October 14. To learn more about the upcoming gun auction, or any additional auctions, visit the Dakil Auctioneers auction page.
For the ESP32 see here.
As there is quite a bit of confusing documentation about the power management of the ESP8266, here's a little overview.
We are going to use the Arduino core for ESP8266 because it seems to be more mature than Espressif's own SDK. The latest release is 2.3.0 and contains SDK 1.5.3 and this article will refer to that version. The master branch contains a few more convenience functions like wifi_fpm_auto_sleep_set_in_null_mode() and WiFi.setSleepMode() but we'll ignore them here because it doesn't look like there's a new release coming any time soon.
The ESP8266 has 6 power states:
Fully on Behavior: Everything on Consumption: about 70 mA When to use: Usually never How to use with Arduino: extern "C" { #include "user_interface.h" } void setup() { wifi_set_sleep_type(NONE_SLEEP_T); }
Fully on, no Wifi configured Fully on, no Wifi configured
Fully on, Wifi configured and reachable Fully on, Wifi configured and reachable Auto Modem Sleep Behavior: After an idle timeout of 10 seconds the WiFi hardware will be shut down. It wakes up every <100 ms * Access Point DTIM interval> to check for incoming data. Everything else powered up. Note: If the WiFi connection is not configured or not reachable, the chip will not sleep at all. Note: Auto Modem Sleep will not happen if there are no delay() or only delay(0) calls in the code. Consumption: If Wifi is idle, about 70 mA until timeout, then about 18 mA. When to use: If you need Wifi connectivity and Auto Light Sleep didn't work for you. How to use with Arduino: Do nothing, this is the default. Auto Light Sleep Behavior: After an idle timeout of 10 seconds the WiFi hardware will be shut down. It wakes up every <100 ms * Access Point DTIM interval> to check for incoming data. Furthermore while the program is running delay() the system clock will be shut down too. Note: If the WiFi connection is not configured or not reachable, the chip will not sleep at all. Note: Auto Light Sleep will not happen if there are no delay() or only delay(0) calls in the code. Consumption: If Wifi is idle, about 70 mA until timeout, then about 2 mA. When to use: Recommended power state if you need Wifi connectivity. Because of the halted system clock some peripherals might not work in this mode, use Auto Modem Sleep in those cases. How to use with Arduino: extern "C" { #include "user_interface.h" } void setup() { wifi_set_sleep_type(LIGHT_SLEEP_T); } Forced Modem Sleep Behavior: WiFi hardware is off, everything else powered up. Consumption: about 16 mA When to use: When you don't need WiFi How to use with Arduino: WiFi.forceSleepBegin(); // Wifi off WiFi.forceSleepWake(); // Wifi on If you also use ESP.deepSleep() , you can add RF_DISABLED as the second argument, this prevents the Wifi hardware from booting up after deep sleep. (See below.) Note that there is no way to enable it again without deep sleeping again. Forced Light Sleep Behavior: Everything is halted until woken up by a GPIO interrupt. Consumption: about 1 mA When to use: When you want to sleep until an external event happens and you want to keep the current execution state. How to use with Arduino: extern "C" { #include "user_interface.h" } void loop() { ... wifi_fpm_set_sleep_type(LIGHT_SLEEP_T); wifi_fpm_open(); wifi_enable_gpio_wakeup(12, GPIO_PIN_INTR_LOLEVEL); wifi_fpm_do_sleep(0xFFFFFFF); wifi_fpm_close(); ... } Note: The Espressif Non-OS API reference contains an example where wifi_fpm_do_sleep(50*1000) is called to wake up from Forced Light Sleep by a timeout. I think that won't work, only 0xFFFFFFFF with GPIO wakeup works. If you call wifi_fpm_do_sleep() with a timeout, the chip will only go to Force Modem Sleep. There is some indication that it might actually work with timeouts, but it seems to be super unreliable. If you want to do that, you're on your own. Deep Sleep Behavior: Everything is off and (almost) all execution state is lost. (You can save some configuration and wakeup counters and also some custom state.) Consumption: about 20 µA When to use: Use if you want the device to sleep for seconds, minutes, hours. (Note that there is a maximum time you can sleep.) How to use with Arduino: Hardware: Connect GPIO16 to RST (not to CH_PD ). Contrary to what I've read, this does not seem to prevent programming. ESP.deepSleep(time_in_us)
Waking up from 3 seconds of Deep Sleep and
connecting to Wifi Waking up from 3 seconds of Deep Sleep andconnecting to Wifi
Waking up from Deep Sleep and going to
Forced Modem Sleep immediately Waking up from Deep Sleep and going toForced Modem Sleep immediately
Waking up from Deep Sleep with RF_DISABLED Waking up from Deep Sleep with RF_DISABLED
Unfortunately there does not seem to be a mode where WiFi is off and the CPU will still sleep during delay() .
This application note recommends to use light sleep instead of deep sleep when sleeping less than 2 seconds, but I don't consider that very practical advice given the fact that you can't use a timer to wake up from light sleep.
Further observations:
It seems that ESP.deepSleep(time, RF_CAL) and ESP.deepSleep(time, RF_NO_CAL) lead to identical behavior:
I further noticed that connecting to Wifi after waking up from Forced Modem Sleep seems to take longer than after waking up from Deep Sleep:
Tune in to Gender Revolution: A Journey with Katie Couric on Monday, February 6 at 9/8c to explore the rapidly evolving complexities of gender identity.
Like most women I know, I have used contraceptives for many years. I knew I wanted to work both before and after becoming a mom, so I delayed getting pregnant until Bill and I were sure we were ready to start our family. Twenty years later, we have three children, born almost exactly three years apart. None of that happened by accident.
The decision about whether and when to get pregnant was a decision that Bill and I made based on what was right for me and what was right for our family—and that's something I feel lucky about. There are still over 225 million women around the world who don't have access to the modern contraceptives they need to make these decisions for themselves.
In the decade and a half since Bill and I started our foundation, I've heard from women all over the world about how important contraceptives are to their ability to take charge of their futures. When women are able to plan their pregnancies around their goals for themselves and their families, they are also better able to finish their education, earn an income, and fully participate in their communities.
And not only do moms benefit; their kids benefit, too. In communities where women have access to contraceptives, children stay in school longer, and entire families are healthier, wealthier and far better equipped to break the cycle of poverty.
For all of these reasons, in 2012, I co-chaired a summit that brought leaders from around the world together around the goal of expanding access to contraceptives for the women who desperately want and need them. The global partnership, called Family Planning 2020, pledged to get 120 million more women access to contraceptives by the year 2020. It was an ambitious but achievable goal—and an important promise to women in the world's poorest places that they will not be forgotten.
Unfortunately, our progress has not yet lived up to our ambition. We are now more than halfway to the 2020 deadline, but not yet on track to reach 120 million women by the promised date. As of the halfway point in July 2016, we had reached 24 million additional women with family planning services. Unless we begin making up for lost time, we will miss this chance to make this a turning point for women around the world.
When I think about what's at stake over the next three years, I think about the lives of women like Anita and Sushila, both of whom I met last year in a village in India called Kamrawa.
View Images Anita, pictured here with their 6-month-old granddaughter, Neha, lived most of their life without access to contraceptives. But things in their village of Kamrawa, India, have changed since Anita was a young mother. Photograph courtesy Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Anita, who guesses she's about 40 years old, lived most of their life without access to contraceptives. They got married when they were a teenager and became pregnant within a year of their wedding. The birth of their first child was followed by the birth of four more. None of these pregnancies were planned—because without contraceptives, planning their family simply wasn't an option.
When I asked Anita what it was like to raise so many kids on such a limited income, they got sad and reflective. “I had a lot of problems,” they told me. They spent all of their time and energy looking after their family and trying to keep their household running—preparing food, tending to animals, keeping things clean in a house with no running water—leaving almost no time at all for them to do anything else, even get a job to help with expenses. It was a life of deprivation, hard work and endless worrying.
But things in Kamrawa have changed since Anita was a young mother. Now, contraceptives are widely available, and women have the chance to make the reproductive decisions that are right for themselves and their families. As a result, families are smaller, and parents are better able to afford nutritious food and school fees for all of their kids. The whole village is healthier and more prosperous.
Even though their children are grown, Anita is excited about what this means for the next generation. “I don't want my daughter-in-law to go through the same problems,” they told me.
View Images Anita dries papad, a kind of flat bread, on a cot outside their home in Kamrawa, India. Photograph courtesy Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Another woman I met, Sushila, is a 28-year-old teacher who's using contraceptives to plan their family and their future. They have two children—a five-year-old son and a two-year-old daughter—and loves being a mom. But Sushila and their husband are committed to limiting the size of their family so that they're able to give each of their children the lives they deserve.
Sushila also told me that as soon as both their kids are in school, they plan to return to their job as a teacher. A generation ago, working moms were almost unheard of in villages like Kamrawa. But now that women have the option to plan their pregnancies, they have many other options, too.
When you think about the difference between Anita's life and Sushila's life, it's clear that progress is possible. The question is whether we will commit the resources and mobilize the will to ensure that this progress extends to more women in more places.
In 2012, we made a promise to women around the world. Our actions over the next three years will decide whether we keep it.
Autoplay next video
I see you drinking at a fountain with tiny
blue hands, no, your hands are not tiny
they are small, and the fountain is in France
where you wrote me that last letter and
I answered and never heard from you again.
you used to write insane poems about
ANGELS AND GOD, all in upper case, and you
knew famous artists and most of them
were your lovers, and I wrote back, it' all right,
go ahead, enter their lives, I' not jealous
because we' never met. we got close once in
New Orleans, one half block, but never met, never
touched. so you went with the famous and wrote
about the famous, and, of course, what you found out
is that the famous are worried about
their fame - not the beautiful young girl in bed
with them, who gives them that, and then awakens
in the morning to write upper case poems about
ANGELS AND GOD. we know God is dead, they' told
us, but listening to you I wasn' sure. maybe
it was the upper case. you were one of the
best female poets and I told the publishers,
editors, " her, print her, she' mad but she'
magic. there' no lie in their fire." I loved you
like a man loves a woman they never touches, only
writes to, keeps little photographs of. I would have
loved you more if I had sat in a small room rolling a
cigarette and listened to you piss in the bathroom,
but that didn' happen. your letters got sadder.
your lovers betrayed you. kid, I wrote back, all
lovers betray. it didn' help. you said
you had a crying bench and it was by a bridge and
the bridge was over a river and you sat on the crying
bench every night and wept for the lovers who had
hurt and forgotten you. I wrote back but never
heard again. a friend wrote me of your suicide
3 or 4 months after it happened. if I had met you
I would probably have been unfair to you or you
to me. it was best like this.
Although downtown Los Angeles is known for its adult nightlife, growing restaurant scene and loft-living, there's an even younger demographic that neighborhood leaders want to attract: kids.
While single people and young professionals continue to be the mainstay of the area, there is a growing push to transform DTLA into a more family-friendly neighborhood.
Area councilman José Huizar said that bringing families to the area would cut down on residential turnover and help establish a solid community invested in where they live. They said this is crucial in continuing the revitalization.
"What's good for downtown is good for the entire City of Los Angeles," said Huizar in an email to KPCC. "With about half a million people coming to work here everyday from all over the City and region and millions visiting each year, downtown Los Angeles is a vital economic engine and tourism destination."
RELATED: Would you raise a child in downtown Los Angeles? Take our poll below.
And Huizar, along with other area stakeholders, are hoping DTLA will become a destination for families as well. The changes are noticeable: The recently opened Spring Street Park (which includes a playground), and new programming at Grand Park, including "Splash and Surprises," which encourages frolicking in the fountain.
The councilman said the city is also encouraging the construction of more family-friendly housing.
"As we continue to create more living options, we are asking the developers to create two, three-bedroom apartments or condos," Huizar said. "So when families start growing, the families are able to stay here in downtown L.A."
Come this September, a new elementary school will also be opening downtown. Metro Charter was created in part by a group of parents looking for a closer option.
"There will be a time – if there was no school, let's say – that people would sort of up and leave because it just isn't working out for them because it isn't working out for their children," said Chinmaya Misra, one of the parents who pushed for the school.
Misra moved to the area in 2006, leaving their Culver City home to experience living downtown during its "renaissance" period. This was before they had their baby, Anvaya, who is now 5 years old and will attend the new school in September.
"Frankly, back then — this was seven years back — if you asked me if we would have a family and plan to stay on and make friends and really form alliances with the community, I would have said no," said Misra.
Many parents said that, without Metro, they would have to send their kids to school in surrounding communities such as Chinatown and Silver Lake, or move out of downtown completely.
Jenny Schuetz, an assistant professor of real estate and public policy at USC, said family-friendly communities require a few basics.
"The three big things are quality of the public schools; safety – lack of crime; and then open space, parks, recreation facilities that are geared toward kids,” said Schuetz. “And schools are by far the most important of those.”
But, Schuetz added, downtown's homeless population may continue to be a deterrent for some families. The professor said that while a young single person may accept walking past transients on the street, it's a different story for parents with toddlers.
This, coupled with commuter traffic, street noise and loud weekend revelers, may not seem like the ideal setting to raise family.
And data seem to back this up. In an email, Schuetz said that about 15 percent of downtown's population has at least one kid under the age of 18, according to recent census data. This is in contrast to L.A.'s larger population, nearly 30 percent of which have kids.
But some people say downtown is already a great place to raise children. Anthony Bejarano lives with their girlfriend and their two kids in an apartment off of Figueroa. They said the area may not be "kid-centric" but it is "kid-friendly."
"I think when you are single and you don't have kids around, you have blinders on to the stuff that is kid friendly,” said Bejarano. “And as soon as the kids were in the picture…I just started to realize there was so much available to them.”
So maybe it's more of the L.A. state-of-mind that's deterring families from moving downtown. Dave Chun is chairperson of the board of Metro school. They say because Los Angeles is so sprawling, people are used to having space – and aren't used to the tight quarters of city living.
“Culturally, It's just not something people are used to here in L.A.,“ they said.
Metro Charter is currently enrolling students in Kindergarten through second grade. School starts on Sept. 3.
Downtown Los Angeles Family Census Data by scprweb
Statistics compiled by USC Assistant Professor Jenny Schuetz
In what has been a trying year for biotechnology stocks and exchange-traded funds, traders and investors are likely tired of hearing about when this group is finally going to deliver some legitimate upside.
Although the popular triple-leveraged biotech ETF Direxion Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: LABU) lost 3.5 percent Thursday, its month-to-date gain is still over 10 percent. That is good enough to make LABU one of Direxion's best-performing leveraged bullish ETFs to this point in May.
LABU Stands Out
Previously beloved biotech ETFs have been beaten up this year. Benchmark funds, such as the SPDR S&P Biotech (ETF) (NYSE: XBI), the ETF LABU is the triple-leveraged answer to, lost more than 20 percent in the first quarter. For its part, LABU has lost nearly two-thirds of its value this year and was recently reverse split.
Related Link: Modest Love For Regional Bank ETF As Rate Hike Looms
Still, LABU is enticing in the near term.
“From a technical perspective, LABU is currently in a short term uptrend. The price action is trending higher with the 7-day moving average currently above the 20-day moving average. The RSI is currently at 58.49, above the generally accepted uptrend level of 50. A continuation in the short term could continue to support the current uptrend. The MACD is above the signal line and trending slightly above the zero line. A continual widening spread between MACD and the signal line we believe continues to support the current trend,” according to Direxion.
Volatility Looms, Of Course
Of course, traders that are familiar with biotech stocks and ETFs know about the group's penchant for volatility. Where this is going is imagined that volatility in the form of a leveraged ETF like LABU. LABU's 30-day realized is the third-highest among Direxion's leveraged bullish ETFs over the 30-day period ending May 25.
The only two of the issuer's leveraged bullish ETFs that were more volatile than LABU over that period were the Direxion Daily Gold Miners Bear 3X Shares (Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust (NYSE: NUGT)) and the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust (NYSE: JNUG)).
However, some traders just loving making bullish biotech bets and data confirm as much. For the days ending May 25, LABU averaged daily inflow of over $1.5 million, according to Direxion data.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sin is in, said the Tax Foundation's Patrick Fleenor in The Christian Science Monitor, or at least sin taxes are. Money-hungry “nanny-staters” in Congress are considering a proposal to add a tax to soft-drink sales, as a way to pay for health-care reform. That's what these “busybodies” always do: sell their ruler-on-knuckle taxes as a way for a minority of sinners to compensate society for the cost of their sins. Instead, it's an affront to freedom of choice.
The “sin tax” on health-damaging sugary drinks will probably die in Congress, said Dan Mitchell in Slate's The Big Money, killing some $24 billion in revenue over four years, at 3 cents a pop. But when the beverage industry says the “food police” want to tell you what to eat and drink, remember, this group makes a fortune persuading “Americans to consume a lot of crap.”
That $24 billion is chump change, said Nick Gillespie in The New York Times. Why not tax all vices, including all gambling and drugs, and prostitution? If we legalize, and tax, these activities, we can go a long way toward paying for health care and green energy. “There's a lot to be said for treating consenting adults like, well, adults”—and a lot to gain, too.
“Our president is a thief, a thief!” exclaimed Jean-Claude Dumbo, an unemployed man in Goma. “He doesn't pay the army. They steal it all for himself.”
Protesters in several cities continued to raze buildings and set cars afire on Wednesday, directing some of their venom toward the United Nations, whose peacekeepers stayed riveted in the seats of their armored personnel carriers, not firing a shot, as the rebels marched into downtown Goma. United Nations officials have said that they did not have the numbers to beat back the rebels and that they were worried about collateral damage, but many Congolese have rendered their own verdict. On Wednesday, rioters in Bunia, north of Goma, ransacked the houses of United Nations personnel.
Photo
Whether the M23, whose ranks are thought to number no more than 3,000, has the capacity to shape all this discontent into a national uprising and overthrow Mr. Kabila remains to be seen.
A big factor will be neighboring Rwanda, which is widely suspected of arming the M23 and sending Rwandan soldiers to fight covertly alongside the rebels. Twice before, in 1996 and 1998, Rwanda clandestinely fomented rebellions in eastern Congo that eventually reached all the way to Kinshasa. At the time, the Rwandan government lied about its involvement, denying that it had thousands of troops inside this country. One top commander back then, James Kabarebe, who is now Rwanda's defense minister, even hijacked planes in Goma and flew across Congo with hundreds of soldiers to open a new front.
Mr. Kabarebe was recently accused by United Nations investigators of being the secret puppeteer behind the M23, pulling the strings as a way for Rwanda to control Congo's lucrative mineral trade and dominate this area. Rwanda has vehemently denied such involvement.
Some human rights groups say that Susan E. Rice, the American ambassador to the United Nations and a leading contender to be President Obama's next secretary of state, has been far too soft on Rwanda, which is a close American ally and whose president, Paul Kagame, has known Ms. Rice for years. The activists have accused them of watering down language in a Security Council resolution that would have mentioned Rwanda's links to the rebels and say they also tried to block the publication of part of a report that detailed Rwanda's covert support for the M23.
Photo
Erin Pelton, their spokesperson, said the United States was helping to “reinforce the diplomatic effort” and declared it “patently untrue” that the United States had blocked the investigative report.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Kabila is learning that they cannot rely on their army to quell this rebellion, which is no surprise, given that Congo's military has been notoriously corrupt, dysfunctional and predatory for years. Instead, Mr. Kabila now seems to be hoping that diplomacy can save him. Over the past few days they have been meeting with Mr. Kagame, and some indications emerged Wednesday night that Mr. Kabila had been persuaded to negotiate with the M23, despite earlier refusals.
But that may be problematic, too. Human Rights Watch said that the M23's commanders were responsible for “ethnic massacres, recruitment of children, mass rape, killings, abductions and torture.”
So far in Goma, the rebels have been quiet. A beat of life had returned to the streets by Wednesday afternoon, with some shops opening their doors and people casually strolling down the road.
“Of course we were scared when these guys came in with guns and we didn't know who they were,” said John Kamata, a former government worker now looking for a job. “But they've been O.K. There hasn't been any killing yet.”
The surge is smirking.
When it comes Iraq, neoconservative true believers have been allowed to set the bar of "success" below ground level. In this, they're aided by media siding with power instead of challenging it, all while congressional Democrats cower in their cloak rooms.
Approaching the fifth anniversary of "mission accomplished," we are a few improvised explosive devices away from the moment a 4,000th young American will die on some desert roadside.
As that new level of tragedy looms, far too many Democrats remain frightened by their "weak-on-defense" Cold War shadows, apparitions raised not just by the no-time-to-surrender bluster of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, John McCain, but by the neocon-lite faction of the Democratic Party itself.
"Third way" Democrats lost their national security minds somewhere around 1985, when the World War II generation played the role of swing voters. Promoting "progressive internationalism"—interventionism by another name—Beltway-based operatives like those at the Democratic Leadership Council hallucinate a political center of "Reagan Democrats," who in reality disappeared with the Berlin wall. The middle of the electorate is now made up of generally anti-war Baby Boomers, who came of political age in the 1960s and Vietnam.
It's difficult to report on a debate not taking place, especially when an influential rump group of the "opposition" colludes instead of opposes. Except for a few pieces in left-liberal journals and blogs, Democrats have simply allowed neoconservative propagandists to define the terms of what has become a one-sided monologue about "victory," voiced by elective warriors who employed deception about phantom weapons of mass destruction to market a multi-trillion dollar travesty; claimed a paper tiger thug was our enemy, when the real culprits of the 9/11 attacks still hide in caves, not spider holes; imagined Iraqi embrace of pluralistic democracy, in a tribal culture with no indigenous movement for it; and fielded an imperial American occupying force, drawing jihadists to Baghdad while fomenting civil war that raged outside a surreal "Green Zone," as our puppet government dithered.
Instead of making a case against the war, congressional Democrats shift their poll-driven attention to "the economy, stupid." Democrats like Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who provided initial anti-war leadership, muzzle themselves with half-hearted statements like one they made on television February 10. "The purpose of the surge was to create a secure time...to bring reconciliation to Iraq. They have not done that." But then, they hastened to add: "The troops have succeeded, God bless them." So which is it, failure or success? Democratic "leaders" try to have it both ways, reminiscent of John Kerry in 2004.
The "liberal" newspapers which could have challenged the surge have used it either to justify their own support for the war, or have averted their eyes. The Washington Post's befuddled neocon editorial page engages in tortuous revisionism, pointing a finger at everyone except itself for failures of the war it helped cheerlead.
The New York Times, theoretically anti-war, fails even to attempt rational argument against the surge's "success," and yields precious column space to an architect of the war and editor of its propaganda organ, Bill Kristol of The Weekly Standard.
Taking cues from the neocon play book, cable-babbling correspondents and print reporters ask simple-minded questions of squishy Democrats, phrased something like this one from CNN's Joe Johns at January's Democratic debate in South Carolina: "Now that the surge is succeeding, how are you going to counter John McCain's case for the war?"
So the war rages on. Weak-kneed Democrats fail to stand against it, and Republicans act like the jilted lover in British singer Dido's "White Flag," taking comfort in denial: "I will go down with this ship. I won't throw my hands up in surrender. There'll be no white flag above my door. I'm in love, and always will be."
The neocons will never give up their love affair with a fatal fantasy. And they'll take the rest of us down with their ship, as long as timid Democrats and a compliant press let them.
A former DNC press secretary, Terry Michael directs the non-partisan Washington Center for Politics & Journalism and writes opinion at their "libertarian Democrat" blog, terrymichael.net.
“I had rather been shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.” -Thomas Jefferson
Ahhhh bacon, that most wonderful of man foods. There is just something about bacon that men love. Perhaps it is the sizzle of the bacon in the pan, or that hunger-pang inducing aroma that fills the house when the bacon hits the heat. Whatever it is, one thing is for certain: most men love bacon. Yet, for all our passion for bacon, many of us have never learned how to properly cook this most manly of meats. Cooking a good strip of bacon is just as essentially a man skill as lighting a good campfire or being able to jump start an automobile, so let's head to the kitchen and get those culinary skills of yours up to par.
“'Bacon,'” a sourdough friend translated, when asked what they meant by saying he'd gorged themselves with vast amounts of tiger. ‘That's because it's striped. Sounds nobler when called tiger.'” –Skills for Taming the Wilds by Bradford Angier
Fortunately for those of us who don't have a great deal of experience in the kitchen, bacon preparation is flexible. You can successfully cook bacon several different ways, all resulting in a wonderfully crisp, flavorful treat. In the following sections, you'll be introduced to several different ways to prepare bacon, including classic styles and unusual twists.
The Classic Pan Fry
This is bacon the way your grandfather cooked it: on the stove and in its own grease. You will want to use a large flat frying pan, laying out the bacon strips in the pan so that they are not overlapping but generally fill the pan. Cooking only one or two slices at a time can cause problems because there will not be enough grease rendered from so few slices to keep the bacon from burning. Overlapping bacon will leave the overlaying pieces uncooked, resulting in unevenly cooked bacon.
The number one fatal error that many people make when cooking bacon is throwing cold bacon onto a hot pan over high heat. Set your bacon out for several minutes before you cook it, allowing the fat to loosen up a bit and return to a more natural state. When you are ready to cook, place the bacon in a room temperature pan and then place it over medium heat. This allows the bacon to gradually take on the heat and cook more evenly and avoids the scorching that so often results from dropping the bacon onto a high heat pan. Once the bacon begins to sizzle, you're in business.
Another common error is in the flipping. There is no need to continually flip your bacon while it cooks. Allow it to cook evenly by flipping it only once, just as you would a good steak. Over medium heat, you can expect this flip to come around the ten minute mark, but all appliances are different so be sure to keep an eye on it. Once your bacon has reached a level of crispiness that is to your liking, offload it onto paper towels to soak up some of the remaining grease and partner it up on the plate with fried eggs and flapjacks.
The Rush Job
Of course, sometimes you don't have twenty minutes to burn (no pun intended) cooking bacon. When you need to get out the door quick, the microwave offers a speedier option. There are many different styles of microwaveable bacon racks available on the market, most of which use a Foreman Grill style fat runoff system to drain away the excess grease while cooking. For good microwave bacon, however, this is not a requirement. Instead, place three layers of paper towels on a microwave safe plate and then lay out your bacon strips side by side. Cover the arrangement with another paper towel, and you're ready to cook. As a general rule, one minute per slice is a safe cooking time, so four slices would be cooked for four minutes. However, microwave wattages differ so it is best to keep a close eye on your bacon the first time you try cooking this way. As long as your microwave has a rotating tray, you can spend the cooking time anticipating the wonderfully greasy goodness you are about to partake in. If your microwave lacks the rotating tray, however, you will need to give the plate a spin at least one time midway through the process. Once the microwave bell goes off signaling the start of the bacon bonanza, remove your bacon and uncover, allowing it to cool slightly before partaking.
The Way of the Pros: Baking
Ever wonder how restaurants serve such perfectly crisp and flat bacon? The answer is simple. Because most breakfast restaurants have to cook bacon in large amounts, which would require a great deal of time and grill space, they opt to bake it instead. Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. If you have one, a slotted baking tray is the preferred way to bake bacon, but sans that a standard baking sheet will suffice. Lay out the required slices of bacon without overlapping on the tray and place it in the oven. You should expect the cooking process to take in the neighborhood of ten to fifteen minutes, but remember, bacon is an art, not a science, so keep an eye on it. The resulting product will be deliciously crispy, perfectly flat bacon the likes of which you've been overpaying for at that little diner down the street for years.
The Vermont Style
There are several options for spicing up your standard bacon fry. As a staple breakfast food, bacon matches up with several breakfast flavors incredibly well, especially one in particular…maple syrup. Marinating your bacon in maple syrup may seem odd, since bacon is not normally marinated before cooking, but it results in a delicious twist on an old favorite. The idea is simple enough: place several slices of bacon into a bowl and douse with maple syrup. The thinner, more traditional style maple syrup is recommended as it makes less of a mess during cooking, but your standard Aunt Jemimah will get the job done too (but you must then cease from calling it “Vermont Style,” as you have committed syrup sacrilege). Be certain that the syrup is coating all the bacon slices, then stash it in the fridge for a half hour or so to soak. Once you are ready to cook, simply fry the bacon up using the classic pan fry method, keeping in mind that the caramelizing sugar in the syrup will make the endeavor a little messier. Not only does this result in a delicious spin on your standard bacon, it also fills the house with an aroma that is sure to have everyone heading to the kitchen to see when breakfast will be ready.
The Brown Sugar “Cure”
Another option for spicing up your bacon is the brown sugar “cure.” To accomplish this, lay out your raw bacon at room temperature on a pan and coat both sides with brown sugar. While test driving this recipe, the author used dark brown sugar with delicious results, although light brown sugar will achieve a similar effect. It is critical that the bacon be close to room temperature so that the fat will be in a soft state and will therefore soak up the sugar. After letting the sugared bacon sit for a few minutes to “marinate,” begin the cooking process following the classic pan fry method. Be warned: once you have had bacon cooked this way, you may never go back to the old standard again.
The Gourmet Style
A gourmet twist on your standard bacon, panko bacon can easily be used as a side dish with any meal and is not limited to breakfast. Aside from the bacon itself, you will also need an egg, all-purpose flour, and panko bread crumbs (extra crispy Japanese style bread crumbs available at most supermarkets). You are going to set up three bowls as a sort of prep station. In the first bowl, place enough flour that you will be able to dip the bacon into it and completely cover it. Add in a dash of salt and pepper. In the next bowl, mix the egg with two tablespoons of water, creating what is known as “egg wash.” Again, add salt and pepper. Fill the third bowl with enough panko bread crumbs to cover a slice of bacon completely. Take a slice of room temperature bacon and dip it into the flour bowl first, coating the slice completely. Next, douse it in the egg wash, again completely covering the slice. Finally, dip it into the panko, coating the slice.
To cook, heat two to three tablespoons of vegetable or corn oil in a pan over medium heat. Once the oil has reached cooking temperature, add one to two slices of the panko bacon at a time. Fry the bacon until the panko coating is a nice golden brown on both sides, flipping as few times as necessary to maintain an even cooking. Once completed, place on a bed of paper towels and dab off any excess oil and grease.
Turkey Bacon
…is not bacon.
It's always amusing when something shown on TV includes something ripe for chroma keying. This time around, it's the Rio 2016 men's singles tennis final between Andy Murray and Juan Martin Del Potro.
That they were playing on a giant green screen was noticed by imgur user factionman. After this, the obvious became inevitable. I would imagine these scenarios probably weren't going through the players' heads at the time of the game.
Chroma keying is the process of removing a colour in your footage (usually green or blue) in order to make it transparent. This then allows you to fill in those gaps with something else. It's a common technique with TV and video presenters to switch out backgrounds for talking heads or interviews. Green screening is also used extensively in movies for visual effects.
It's a fairly straightforward process these days. Many editing and compositing applications have features built right in to support it. You can get started with it quite inexpensively, too.
I think the last one has to be my favourite. I can't wait to see what they do with the Olympic swimming pools.
Have you tried green screening the tennis? What did you come up with? What other things have you seen on TV that you've keyed out and composited? Let us know and show us in the comments.
[Imgur via Verge]
Cloud-Native or Lift-and-Shift?
Stephen Orban Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 30, 2017
“There is always tension between the possibilities we aspire to and our wounded memories and past mistakes.” — Sean Brady
I talk to a lot of executives who are debating different migration approaches for the applications in their IT portfolio. While there's no one-size-fits-all answer to this question, we spend a good deal of time building migration plans with enterprises using a rubric that takes into account their objectives, the age/architecture of their applications, and their constraints. The goal is to help them bucket the applications in their portfolio into one of 6 Migration Strategies.
In some cases, the choices are obvious. We see a lot of organizations migrating their back-office technology and end-user computing applications to an as-a-service model (“re-purchasing” toward vendors like Salesforce and Workday); a number of organizations will look for opportunities to retire systems that are no longer in use; and some organizations will choose to later revisit systems that they don't feel they have the appetite or capabilities to migrate yet (i.e. the Mainframe, though You Can Migrate Your Mainframe to the Cloud).
In other cases, the approach isn't so obvious. In my previous post, I touched on the tension between re-architecting and rehosting (a.k.a. “lift-and-shift”). I've heard a lot of executives — including myself, before I learned better — suggest that they're only moving to the cloud if they “do it right,” which usually means migrating to a cloud-native architecture. Other executives are biased toward a rehosting strategy because they have a compelling reason to migrate quickly (for example, a data center lease expiry), want to avoid a costly refresh cycle, or simply need a quick budget win, which tends to be in the neighborhood of 30% when you're honest about your on-premises TCO.
Somewhere in the middle of rehosting and re-architecting is what we call re-platforming, where you're not spending the time on a complete re-architecture, but, rather, making some adjustments to take advantage of cloud-native features or otherwise optimize the application. This common middle ground includes right-sizing instances using realistic capacity scenarios that can easily be scaled up rather than overbought, or moving from a pay-for product like WebLogic to an open-source alternative like Tomcat.
So which approach is more often right for your organization?
Without talking to you about your specific opportunities and constraints (which I'm happy to do; just drop me a note), it's hard to give a definitive answer, but I can highlight a few anecdotes that should help shape your perspective.
The first is a quote from Yury Izrailevsky's blog. Yury is the Vice President of Cloud and Platform Engineering at Netflix, and is a well-respected thought leader in our industry.
“Our journey to the cloud at Netflix began in August of 2008, when we experienced a major database corruption and for three days could not ship DVDs to our members. That is when we realized that we had to move away from vertically scaled single points of failure, like relational databases in our datacenter, towards highly reliable, horizontally scalable, distributed systems in the cloud. We chose Amazon Web Services (AWS) as our cloud provider because it provided us with the greatest scale and the broadest set of services and features. The majority of our systems, including all customer-facing services, had been migrated to the cloud prior to 2015. Since then, we've been taking the time necessary to figure out a secure and durable cloud path for our billing infrastructure as well as all aspects of our customer and employee data management. We are happy to report that in early January, 2016, after seven years of diligent effort, we have finally completed our cloud migration and shut down the last remaining data center bits used by our streaming service!
Given the obvious benefits of the cloud, why did it take us a full seven years to complete the migration? The truth is, moving to the cloud was a lot of hard work, and we had to make a number of difficult choices along the way. Arguably, the easiest way to move to the cloud is to forklift all of the systems, unchanged, out of the data center and drop them in AWS. But in doing so, you end up moving all the problems and limitations of the data center along with it. Instead, we chose the cloud-native approach, rebuilding virtually all of our technology and fundamentally changing the way we operate the company … Many new systems had to be built, and new skills learned. It took time and effort to transform Netflix into a cloud-native company, but it put us in a much better position to continue to grow and become a global TV network.”
Yury's experience is both instructive and inspirational, and I'm certain that Netflix's re-architecting approach was right for them.
But most enterprises aren't Netflix, and many will have different drivers for their migration.
When I was the CIO at Dow Jones several years ago, we initially subscribed to the ivory tower attitude that everything we migrated needed to be re-architected, and we had a relentless focus on automation and cloud-native features. That worked fine until we had to vacate one of our data centers in less than 2 months. We re-hosted most of what was in that data center into AWS, and sprinkled in a little re-platforming where we could to make some small optimizations but still meet our time constraint. One could argue that we would not have been able to do this migration that quickly if we didn't already have the experience leading up to it, but no one could argue with the results. We reduced our costs by more than 25%. This experience led to a business case to save or reallocate more than $100 million in costs across all of News Corp (our parent company) by migrating 75% of our applications to the cloud as we consolidated 56 data centers into 6.
GE Oil & Gas rehosted hundreds of applications to the cloud as part of a major digital overhaul. In the process, they reduced their TCO by 52%. Ben Cabanas, one of GE's most forward-thinking technology executives, told me a story that was similar to mine — they initially thought they'd re-architect everything, but soon realized that would take too long, and that they could learn and save a lot by rehosting first.
One of my favorite pun-intended quotes comes from Nike's Global CIO, Jim Scholefield, who told us that “Sometimes, I tell the team to just move it.”
Cynics might say that rehosting is simply “your mess for less,” but I think there's more to it than that. I'd boil the advantage of rehosting down to 2 key points (I'm sure there are others; please write about them and we'll post your story…) —
First, rehosting takes a lot less time, particularly when automated, and typically yields a TCO savings in the neighborhood of 30%. As you learn from experience, you'll be able to increase that savings through simple replatforming techniques, like instance right-sizing and open source alternatives. Your mileage on the savings may vary, depending on your internal IT costs and how honest you are about them.
Second, it becomes easier to re-architect and constantly reinvent your applications once they're running in the cloud. This is partly because of the obvious toolchain integration, and partly because your people will learn an awful lot about what cloud-native architectures should look like through rehosting. One customer we worked with rehosted one of its primary customer-facing applications in a few months to achieve a 30% TCO reduction, then re-architected to a serverless architecture to gain another 80% TCO reduction!
Re-architecting takes longer, but it can be a very effective way for an enterprise to re-boot its culture and, if your application is a good product-market fit, can lead to a healthy ROI. Most importantly, however, re-architecting can set the stage for years and years of continual reinvention that boosts business performance in even the most competitive markets.
While I still believe there's no one-size-fits-all answer, I'd summarize by suggesting that you look to re-architect the applications where you know you need to add business capabilities that a cloud-native architecture can help you achieve (performance, scalability, globality, moving to a DevOps or agile model), and that you look to rehost or re-platform the steady-state applications that you aren't otherwise going to repurchase, retire, or revisit. Either migration path paves the way for constant reinvention.
What's your experience been?
Keep building,
- Stephen
orbans@amazon.com
@stephenorban
Read My Book: Ahead in the Cloud: Best Practices for Navigating the Future of Enterprise IT
Note: “Reinvention” is the fourth (and never-ending) stage of adoption I'm writing about in the Journey to Cloud-First series. The first stage is “Project,” the second stage is “Foundation,” and the third is “Migration.” This series follows the best practices I've outlined in An E-Book of Cloud Best Practices for Your Enterprise. Stay tuned for more posts in this series.
Both of these series are now available in my book Ahead in the Cloud: Best Practices for Navigating the Future of Enterprise IT.
Lincoln Memorial Vandalized With Red Spray Paint
Amber Athey
Media Reporter
Federal officials are working on finding a vandal after the Lincoln Memorial was defaced early Tuesday morning.
According to Fox 5 DC, the National Park Service discovered the graffiti around 4:30 am and is working on restoring the monument.
Photos of the incident show that the vandal spray painted “f**k law” in red paint on one of the pillars of the Lincoln Memorial.
The park service is using a “gel-type architectural paint stripper safe for use on historic stone” to scrub the graffiti, and says “treatments will be applied as necessary until all evidence of the graffiti is gone.”
On Monday, a teenager smashed the glass of a Holocaust Memorial in Boston, MA, while protesters in Durham, NC pulled down and kicked a statue memorializing Confederate soldiers.
Other confederate statues are set to be removed across the country.
Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/15/lincoln-memorial-vandalized-with-red-spray-paint/
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Telegram
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comments
comments
EDMONTON – A patient led police and RCMP on a chase Tuesday morning after stealing an ambulance from an Edmonton hospital.
A woman stole the vehicle from inside the Royal Alexandra Hospital ambulance bay. They crashed through the bay doors before making their way through the city and heading west on Highway 16.
A police pursuit lasted between 30 to 45 minutes. When the ambulance drove out of the city, Edmonton police contacted RCMP to help.
At approximately 6:40 a.m., the ambulance was stopped at a gas station in Duffield, Alta. near Range Road 32 and Highway 16, where the driver was arrested without incident.
The gas station manager said they saw the ambulance speeding down the highway heading west with the lights flashing before it returned.
“Shortly after that I see the ambulance pulling in, no lights, with a police vehicle behind it, basically herding it in, and then a bunch of other RCMP and Edmonton services came flying in from the east and surrounded the ambulance,” Betty Peters, gas station manager, said.
“I have seen them open the door of the ambulance and a woman stepped out.”
The 21-year-old woman has since been charged with dangerous driving, theft over $5,000, failing to remain at the scene of a collision, and driving an uninsured vehicle.
They were later returned into the care of the hospital.
READ MORE: Ambulance stolen from northwest Calgary hospital
It is the first time an ambulance has been stolen from inside the hospital's ambulance bay, Dale Weiss, executive director of Alberta Health Services EMS North Zone, said.
The ambulance, which costs more than $100,000, was damaged. An inspection will be conducted before it's back in service.
Ambulances are equipped with GPS systems, so officials knew right away the vehicle was stolen and on the move.
“Nobody would be calm around this,” Weiss said.
“This would certainly be very offsetting for all the staff as well as other people that were involved. It's highly unusual and very much a concern.”
Keys are left inside ambulances that are parked inside the hospital's bay because the area is considered a secure site, so a review on security will be conducted, Weiss said.
“These incidents are very serious for us and we want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make sure that patients, staff and public secure as can be.”
The Edmonton Police Service is investigating the incident as well.
HB 437-FN – AS INTRODUCED
2011 SESSION
11-0014
09/01
HOUSE BILL 437-FN
AN ACT relative to the definition of marriage.
SPONSORS: Rep. Bates, Rock 4; Rep. Kappler, Rock 2; Rep. Cebrowski, Hills 18; Rep. Sorg, Graf 3; Rep. Ulery, Hills 27; Rep. C. Vita, Straf 3; Rep. Silva, Hills 26; Rep. T. Smith, Merr 9; Rep. Gionet, Graf 3; Rep. Balboni, Hills 21; Sen. Groen, Dist 6; Sen. White, Dist 9
COMMITTEE: Judiciary
ANALYSIS
This bill prohibits same-sex marriages.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Explanation: Matter added to current law appears in bold italics.
Matter removed from current law appears [ in brackets and struckthrough. ]
Matter which is either (a) all new or (b) repealed and reenacted appears in regular type .
11-0014
09/01
STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
In the Year of Our Lord Two A Thousand Eleven
AN ACT relative to the definition of marriage.
Be it Enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court convened:
1 Marriage; Marriages Prohibited; Recognition of Out-of-State Marriages. RSA 457:1 – RSA 457:3 are repealed and reenacted to read as follows:
457:1 Purpose. The legislature finds and declares that:
I. Marriage is not a creature of statute but rather a social institution which predates organized government. As the United States Supreme Court has noted, marriage has roots that are “older than the Bill of Rights – older than our political parties, older than our school system.” Griswold v. Connecticut, 381 U.S. 479, 486 (1965).
II. As many scholars and experts have noted, marriage, understood as the legal union of a man and a woman, serves and supports important social goods in which the government of New Hampshire has a compelling interest.
III. The vast majority of children are conceived by acts of passion between men and women – sometimes unintentionally. Because of this biological reality, New Hampshire has a unique, distinct, and compelling interest in promoting stable and committed marital unions between opposite-sex couples so as to increase the likelihood that children will be born to and raised by both of their natural parents. No other domestic relationship presents the same level of state interest.
IV. A child has a natural human right to the love, care and support of their or their own mother and father, whenever possible. Marriage is the primary social institution that promotes that ideal and encourages its achievement.
457:2 Marriages Prohibited; Men; Women.
I. No man shall marry their mother, father's sister, mother's sister, daughter, sister, son's daughter, daughter's daughter, brother's daughter, sister's daughter, father's brother's daughter, mother's brother's daughter, father's sister's daughter, mother's sister's daughter, or any other man.
II. No woman shall marry their father, father's brother, mother's brother, son, brother, son's son, daughter's son, brother's son, sister's son, father's brother's son, mother's brother's son, father's sister's son, mother's sister's son, or any other woman.
457:3 Recognition of Out-of-State Marriages. Every marriage legally contracted outside the state of New Hampshire, which would not be prohibited under RSA 457:2 if contracted in New Hampshire, shall be recognized as valid in this state for all purposes if or once the contracting parties are or become permanent residents of this state subsequent to such marriage, and the issue of any such marriage shall be legitimate. Marriages legally contracted outside the state of New Hampshire which would be prohibited under RSA 457:2 if contracted in New Hampshire shall not be legally recognized in this state. Any marriage of New Hampshire residents recognized as valid in the state prior to the effective date of this section shall continue to be recognized as valid on or after the effective date of this section.
2 Marriageable. Amend RSA 457:4 to read as follows:
457:4 Marriageable. No male below the age of 14 years and no female below the age of 13 years shall be capable of contracting a valid marriage [ that is entered into by one male and one female ], and all marriages contracted by such persons shall be null and void. [ No male below the age of 18 and no female below the age of 18 shall be capable of contracting a valid marriage between persons of the same gender, and all marriages contracted by such persons shall be null and void. ]
3 Marriage; Solemnization of Marriage. RSA 457:31 is repealed and reenacted to read as follows:
457:31 Who May Solemnize. Marriage may be solemnized by a justice of the peace as commissioned in the state; by any minister of the gospel in the state who has been ordained according to the usage of their or their denomination, resides in the state, and is in regular standing with the denomination; by any member of the clergy who is not ordained but is engaged in the service of the religious body to which they or they belong, resides in the state, after being licensed therefor by the secretary of state; within their or their parish, by any minister residing out of the state, but having a pastoral charge wholly or partly in this state; by judges of the United States appointed pursuant to Article III of the United States Constitution; by bankruptcy judges appointed pursuant to Article I of the United States Constitution; or by the United States magistrate judges appointed pursuant to federal law.
4 Solemnization of Marriage; Exceptions. RSA 457:37 is repealed and reenacted to read as follows:
457:37 Exceptions. Nothing contained in this chapter shall affect the right of Jewish Rabbis residing in this state, or of the people called Friends or Quakers, to solemnize marriages in the way usually practiced among them, and all marriages so solemnized shall be valid. Jewish Rabbis residing out of the state may obtain a special license as provided by RSA 457:32.
5 Repeal. The following are repealed:
I. RSA 100-A:2-b, relative to marriage.
II. RSA 457:31-b, relative to solemnization of marriage; applicability.
III. RSA 457:45, relative to civil union recognition.
IV. RSA 457:46, relative to obtaining legal status of marriage.
6 Effective Date. This act shall take effect upon its passage.
LBAO
11-0014
Revised 02/07/11
HB 437 FISCAL NOTE
AN ACT relative to the definition of marriage.
FISCAL IMPACT:
The Department of State states this bill will increase state general fund expenditures by $50,500 in FY 2012. The Department of Health and Human Services states this bill will have an indeterminable impact on state expenditures, and decrease state and local revenues by an indeterminable amount in FY 2012 and each year thereafter. The New Hampshire Retirement System states this bill will reduce state expenditures by an indeterminable amount in FY 2012 and each year thereafter, and the New Hampshire Municipal Association states this bill will reduce local revenue by an indeterminable amount in FY 2012 and each year thereafter. There will be no fiscal impact on county revenues, or county and local expenditures.
METHODOLOGY:
SEOUL, South Korea - South Korean police say they are investigating 11 professional basketball players on suspicion of illegal gambling and match fixing in the top-tier Korean Basketball League.
A police official from Gyeonggi Province, who declined to be named citing official regulations, said Tuesday it is believed at least one of the players missed shots intentionally during a game that they placed a bet on their team losing.
They said that the player made several shots that didn't touch the rim during a February game when they bet 1 million Korean won ($830) on their team losing.
Investigators are yet to release the names of the players, their teams or the games involved.
The police official said the 11 basketball players were among 26 people being questioned for illegal gambling activities between 2009 and 2015. They said most of them allegedly placed bets on basketball, football, and baseball games using illegal gambling sites.
South Korea's professional sport leagues have been rocked by match-fixing scandals in recent years that have led to imprisonments and lifetime bans of several players and coaches.
Frank Ocean has undoubtedly helped push the envelope forward in contemporary music. Last year they released Blonde, their much-awaited sophomore album after a long hiatus. The project was one of the highlights of 2016 and critics praised its nuanced approach to subjects like masculinity, gender fluidity and heartbreak. Now Ocean has followed up with “Chanel,” a syrupy, piano-bolstered single that explores the complexity of the artist's interior thoughts and relationships, all while throwing enough swagger and materialism on the track to appeal to less idiosyncratic audiences.
Ocean may be a talented songwriter with an ear for multi-layered, haunting melodies but that doesn't mean they don't collaborate with others. “Chanel” is one of those instances where another pair of ears (or two) proved to be a mighty resource.
Ocean called on the talents of Swedish production collective Jarami, whose past work has included Janet Jackson, AlunaGeorge and more. Recently, they've also worked with Kanye West collaborator Gizzle on a percussion-led track titled “Know No Better.”
We're pretty excited about it and so are the guys…
New Frank Ocean single "Chanel", produced by us. ?? pic.twitter.com/qRD23iKQAc — Jarami (@jaramimusic) March 11, 2017
Check out some of Jarami's dedicated mixes above and also see why our editors think ‘Chanel' is one of Frank Ocean's most transgressive tracks to date.
Subscribe
Words by Stephanie Smith-Strickland Contributor
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Bishara Shlayan, an Israeli Christian Arab from Nazareth who is creating a new Arab political party, said that the EU boycott of Israeli businesses and institutions operating in the West Bank is counterproductive, since it mainly harms Arabs living there.
“The boycott is a big mistake – it is the livelihood for many, mainly Arabs in the West Bank,” Shlayan told The Jerusalem Post, adding that the absence of Israeli businesses will create more violence, as more Arabs will be left with no way to put food on their tables.
They should build more universities and factories, they said, as Arabs also are studying in the universities, work in the factories and are responsible for most of the new construction.In fact, Shlayan has an idea to build a new Arab Christian settlement, open to all, in the West Bank. The settlement would have factories and would seek funding from the EU, as the plan would promote peace since it would be open to anyone.He added that it was their dream to also have a statue of Jesus in Nazareth, similar to the “Christ the Redeemer” statue in Rio de Janeiro.Asked about the move by Israel to release Palestinian prisoners, they said that now is not the right time.“Releasing murderers is not going to bring peace,” exclaimed Shlayan. They said they are against the release, and that only after a final peace deal should prisoners be released.His party, which is still being sorted out, has settled on the name “Bnei Habrit [Allies of the Covenant], the Christian party of Israel.” The Post reported in July that the name had been changed from “Bnei Brit Hahadasha” (Allies of the New Covenant) to just “Bnei Brit” (Allies) in order to get more Jewish support. Talk of a new covenant disturbed some Jewish supporters, as the name in Hebrew also means “the New Testament.”Shlayan went on to add, “Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East and the only one that protects Christians and holy places.”The Arab uprisings have led to an increase in the persecution of Christians in the region and Shlayan believes that a “change in culture” is needed.He says that they have received messages from Egyptian Christian Copts that they would like to seek refuge in Israel.Asked about the support their party is getting so far, they said that they have been contacted by people from all over the world.He said that many people are contacting them from abroad and want to donate, but they still need funds and other forms of help in order to fully form their party.“The Canadian Embassy in Israel contacted me and said that there were Canadians who want to come to Israel to meet me,” they said.A leader of the Jewish community in Australia says they want to help. Many nonprofit organizations in Israel also want to help, they said.He said that many Russian Christians have also contacted him, saying that until now, they have not had any party that truly represents them.US Christians say they pray that they succeed in helping to bring peace to Israel, and say that what they are doing is a holy mission.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Reporters at CNN were mighty proud of themselves for tracking down a Reddit user who was supposedly behind the animated GIF image of President Donald Trump at Wrestlemania, fake fighting with WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, but with McMahon's head replaced by a CNN logo. Their story even boasted the self-congratulatory headline, “How CNN found the Reddit user behind the Trump wrestling GIF.”
The article talks about how the Reddit user apparently has a history of anti-Semitic and anti-Muslim posts. CNN said they weren't revealing their identity because he's a private citizen who said they would stop the offensive behavior. However, the article said, “CNN reserves the right to publish their identity should any of that change.”
Perhaps looking to take CNN down a peg, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange decided to rain on their parade with a couple of trolling tweets, accusing them of violating federal and state laws by hanging the threat over the person's head in case CNN thinks they ever steps out of line.
CNN just committed a crime violating § 135.60 of the New York criminal code “coercion” https://t.co/FwPPlczPRhhttps://t.co/AHQhjDS6ds pic.twitter.com/a7HAdMQQDV — Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) July 5, 2017
There's more:
CNN also appears to have committed a federal felony violation of 18 U.S. Code § 241 in relation to the 1st Amendmenthttps://t.co/Ij06te1Bcr pic.twitter.com/AFt8RJyHsW — Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) July 5, 2017
Now, Assange could just be having some fun at CNN's expense for beating the GIF story further into the ground—and putting themselves at the center of it, but the truth is, they have a point. Andrew Kaczynski, the author of the article, is based in New York (as per their Twitter profile), so the NY statute could apply, assuming that's where they and CNN published the article. Taking a look at the elements of the statute itself, New York Penal Law § 135.60 says that a person is guilty of coercion in the second degree if he:
compels or induces a person to … abstain from engaging in conduct in which they or they have a legal right to engage … by means of instilling in them or them a fear that, if the demand is not complied with, the actor or another will … Expose a secret or publicize an asserted fact, whether true or false, tending to subject some person to hatred, contempt or ridicule
CNN is saying that they will reveal the user's private identity, currently kept anonymous in their Reddit posts, if they don't stop to post offensive material (which they are legally allowed to do). That sure sounds like it fits the bill.
The federal law that Assange tweeted about is a little iffier. That statute defines conspiracy as:
If two or more persons conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any person in any State, Territory, Commonwealth, Possession, or District in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to them by the Constitution or laws of the United States[.]
Yes, there's a threat. Yes, posting offensive things online is a free exercise of the right to free speech. But conspiracy requires at least two people to be involved, and it's what's known as a “specific intent” crime. That means that the people involved have to mean to commit the offense. One could argue that Kaczynski had that intent when they wrote the threatening sentence, but for it to be conspiracy, a prosecutor would have to prove that another writer or an editor was in on it. Even assuming that at least one editor reviewed the article and published it, it would have to be proven that they were specifically including that statement after agreeing on it with Kaczynski, and not simply editing it for grammar and punctuation.
In reality, it may be likely that editors reviewed the substance of the article and approved it, but it would probably be tougher to prove than a case involving the New York law.
Either way, Assange is likely having a good laugh over it.
[Image via screengrab]
Ronn Blitzer is the Senior Editor of LawNewz.com and a former prosecutor in New York City. Follow them on Twitter: @RonnBlitzer
The missing component in the machinery of American politics has been moderate-to-liberal Republicanism, and the gears of government are grinding very loudly. You wonder if Kansas and Alaska have come up with a solution to this problem.
In Kansas, Democrat Chad Taylor shook up the Senate race by dropping out last week, giving an independent candidate, Greg Orman, a clean shot at the incumbent, Pat Roberts.
At least one poll showed Orman with a 10-point lead over the 78-year-old Roberts in a two-way race. Republicans are so afraid of Orman that Kansas's Republican (and unabashedly ideological) secretary of state, Kris Kobach, used a technicality to keep Taylor's name on the November ballot anyway. Taylor is challenging the decision.
In Alaska, Democrat Byron Mallott ended their candidacy for governor and chose instead to run for lieutenant governor on a ticket led by an independent candidate, Bill Walker. By combining forces, Walker and Mallott hope to oust Republican Gov. Sean Parnell.
Because of the revolution in Republican politics spearheaded by the tea party, these should not be treated as isolated episodes. They are both signs that moderates, particularly moderate Republicans, are fighting back.
The safe journalistic trope is that both of our major parties have become more “extreme.” This is simply not true. It's the Republican Party that's veered far off center. To deny the fact is to disrespect the hard work of conservatives in taking over the GOP.
By contrast, there are still plenty of moderates in the Democratic Party. They include Sens. Mark Pryor in Arkansas, Mark Begich in Alaska, Mary Landrieu in Louisiana and Kay Hagan in North Carolina. All of them are threatened in this fall's elections by conservative or right-wing Republicans. Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is another moderate on the ballot this year, but so far, they seem safe.
On the other hand, outright liberals have been losing primaries in the Republican Party since the late 1960s, particularly in Senate races. In the House, the few remaining liberal Republicans (one thinks of Maryland's Connie Morella and Iowa's Jim Leach) were defeated because Democrats in their districts finally decided that electing even Republicans they liked only empowered the party's increasingly conservative congressional leadership.
As for the Republican establishment, it may have overcome much tea party challenges this year, but it is increasingly captive to the right wing.
This summer, conservative writers Rich Lowry and Ramesh Ponnuru offered an insightful analysis of the tea party-establishment dynamic in an article in National Review appropriately titled “Establishment Tea.” Lowry and Ponnuru argued that the establishment candidates who triumphed did so largely on the tea party's terms, though the authors put the matter somewhat more politely. “Candidates who make the case that they will fight for conservative ideas, and not just serve time,” they wrote, “can win tea-party support.”
What's happening in Kansas is particularly revealing of the backlash against the right from moderate Republicans. Although Roberts is not a tea party candidate — indeed, they defeated a tea party challenger in last month's primary — the Senate race could be influenced by the state's contest for governor, one of the most important in the country.
Incumbent Republican Sam Brownback has championed an unapologetic tea party, tax-cutting agenda and has sought to purge moderate Republicans who opposed them from the state legislature. Many GOP moderates have responded by endorsing Brownback's opponent, Democrat Paul Davis. A Brownback defeat would be a major blow to the right.
“The moderates have said, ‘I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore,' ” said Dan Glickman, a moderate Democrat who represented the area around Wichita in Congress for 18 years. In an interview, Glickman argued that the rightward tilt is antithetical to the GOP's history in Kansas, a state that sent both Bob Dole and Nancy Landon Kassebaum, in their day a leading GOP moderate, to the ­Senate.
“The Republican Party in Kansas was always a heartland, common-sense, moderate or moderately conservative party,” Glickman said, adding that at times, it has had a strongly progressive contingent as well.
Orman has been almost maddeningly disciplined in not revealing which party they would caucus with if they defeated Roberts. With national Republican operatives pouring into the state to save the three-term incumbent's floundering campaign, the battle will get a lot tougher.
But already, Republicans are learning that the cost of driving moderates away could get very high. What middle-of-the-roaders could not accomplish inside the party, they may achieve by attacking from outside the gates.
Read more from E.J. Dionne's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Giant safeties coach Dave Merritt has a simple explanation for free safety Darian Thompson's early-season struggles.
"Rookie. That's what I see," Merritt said. "I see a guy who played one, maybe two games last year. And all of a sudden he's coming back this year, playing their first full season."
It's been a rough restart for Thompson, whose rookie season ended after two games due to a Lisfranc foot injury. The coaching staff hasn't lost confidence in the 2016 third-round pick, but it would be understandable if there was less patience with Thompson's growing pains due to the presence of Andrew Adams.
Adams stepped into the lineup and played well in 13 starts as an undrafted rookie last season. But the Giants are committed to Thompson for now.
"When it comes to Andrew and Darian, they're two separate individuals and that's a decision that the team has made, to go with Darian," Merritt said. "So, is it tough to stick with (Thompson)? No ... Teaching them and helping a kid grow from that, versus punishing them and putting them in a corner, I think that's more beneficial to the overall outcome of where we want to go."
Giants re-sign fullback
Thompson has played 210-of-212 defensive snaps in the first three games. Adams, who has been reduced to spot duty in three-safety packages, has played just 17 defensive snaps.
"Andrew is probably going to play more. I would expect that would happen a little bit this week," defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said. "We're going to need everybody before it's all said and done. But there will be other guys in there playing."
Thompson is looking to rebound in Sunday's matchup with the Buccaneers after an abysmal performance in the Giants' 27-24 loss to the Eagles last week. Thompson missed four tackles, including an open-field attempt on Eagles running back Corey Clement's game-tying 15-yard touchdown run with 5:40 remaining.
Merritt said the missed tackles were the result of a technique breakdown, as Thompson stopped their feet as they approached the ball carriers.
"I'm the last line of defense, so that's an emphasis on my game right now," Thompson said. "Of course it's frustrating because when they break through the defense and I'm the last one back there. If somebody else misses a tackle, it's not really noticed. But if I miss a tackle, it's in the open field and everybody sees it. So that has to be a strong point in my game and it's something I will continue to get better at."
Thompson hasn't missed a practice since reclaiming their starting job at the start of training camp. They said their foot isn't to blame for their poor play.
"There's probably a little bit of rust," said Thompson, who hasn't yet shown the ball-hawking skills they displayed at Boise State. "I guess you could say that, but I've been back for a while now so I just have to improve my game."
Adams has been a good soldier, supporting Thompson and accepting their role as a core special teams player.
"I don't really think about my role being cut back. I just embrace my role for the team and whatever they ask me to do, that's what I try to do," Adams said. "Just as a competitor, you always want to be the starter, you want to play as much as you can. But in reality, you've just got to wait on an opportunity like I did last year and when your opportunity comes, that's when you have to strike."
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.
Canada Revenue can't track money Canadian charities receive from foreign donors for religious and educational work, despite suspicions that millions may ultimately end up going to fund Islamist terrorist recruiting and propaganda.
It will be two, possibly three years, before any such “granular” details are available, Cathy Hawara, a Canada Revenue Agency director-general, told a Senate committee Monday.
Sen. Daniel Lang, chair of the national security and defence committee, was incredulous.
“Two or three years?!” they exclaimed.
“Yes, unfortunately,” replied Hawara.
Lang: “We've been told privately by some people within the intelligence service that there are millions of dollars coming into this country. It's a very legitimate question for the public and all agencies within the government to find out what's going on. I would ask that we try to speed it up.”
It has been widely suspected for years that wealthy Gulf Arabs from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Qatar have been bankrolling conservative Wahhabi and Salafist institutions and teachings in western countries. The strict and puritanical interpretations of Islam have no direct links to terrorism. Still, security experts say the conservative ideologies offer fertile ground for individuals contemplating jihad.
Richard Fadden, the prime minister's national security adviser, told the committee in April that money is coming into Canada to promote extremist ideology and much of it is going to religious institutions. That followed similar testimony to the committee by an imam who manages 13 mosques across the country.
“I think it's fair to say, without commenting on the particular country of origin, there are monies coming into this country which are advocating this kind of approach to life,” said Fadden.
“A lot of these funds, I think, are directed to religious institutions or quasi-religious institutions. It's very difficult in this country to start poking about, if you'll forgive my English, religious institutions because of the respect that we have for freedom of religion.”
There are no restrictions on non-resident charitable donations coming into Canada, provided they are not from a banned terrorist organization. Most donations arrive by bank wires, which CRA does not have the ability to track because it does not have access to banking transactional records or money services business records.
Instead, non-resident gifts of more than $10,000 must be disclosed by the charities. Beyond that, however, Canada Revenue has no way of knowing how much of that money is directed to Islamic religious and educational programming.
“We know that that's no ideal and we want to be able to collect better information and we're looking at that actively now,” Hawara told the committee. (The agency is able to track foreign donations directed for political purposes and routinely audits the appropriateness of all charities' activities and whether they support the organizations' charitable objectives, among other things.)
The millions of dollars coming to Canada from wealthy Gulf states are for all sorts of purposes, including to support organizations that may ultimately be determined to be fronts for terrorist organizations, or affiliated with them, said Christine Duhaime, a leading expert on terrorist financing and money-laundering.
“It tends not to be funds directly sent to support overt acts of terrorism in large volumes (here). If we had that happening, terrorist groups in Canada would be more powerful and already causing damage to critical infrastructure. Yet, there is funding for so-called extremist purposes, including for terrorist propaganda.”
The 2014 federal budget committed $23 million over five years to modernize the IT system at the CRA's charities directorate. The agency hopes the upgraded system will make it easier for charities to meet annual — and more detailed — reporting requirements, including specific activities foreign donations are directed for. It's already recognized that charities offering service-type activities — health care, education, welfare — and which have geographical or cultural links to terrorism have a greater risk of involvement in terrorist financing.
Sometimes, public outrage bubbles up and forces Congress to take action to advance the public interest. The Big Business interests, who normally count on the legislative process operating according to plan, lose control. And that's when they really set to work.
And it's when the public interest advocates and the public itself are tested: With momentum on our side, do we have the attention span and organizational might to defeat aroused corporate interests?
Case in point: The STOCK Act, which aims to block improper use of nonpublic governmental information to gain advantage on the stock market. House of Representatives Majority Leader Eric Cantor is trying to ensure Wall Street traders will be able to continue this form of insider trading.
There is this curious fact: Members of Congress do demonstrably better on the stock market than average investors. There's no plausible reason why this should be so other than that Members use their inside knowledge about legislation under consideration to place informed bets on the stock market.
Reformers, including Public Citizen, have long called for remedial action, to no avail. But the issue suddenly clicked with the public after 60 Minutes ran a piece last November.
As public anger mounted, it became impossible for Congress not to act.
Last week, the Senate passed the STOCK Act to prevent congressional insider trading. As the bill was being considered, amendments made it stronger. Notably, the Senate reinserted a provision on lobbyists, hedge fund managers and Wall Street traders obtaining and using inside government information. The provision is very modest, requiring only that so-called "political intelligence" consultants register.
"Political intelligence professionals aren't considered lobbyists, so they don't have to disclose that they're seeking information and are paid for it" when they meet with elected officials or staffers, says Senator Charles Grassley (R-IA), who introduced the amendment. "As a result, members of Congress and congressional staff have no way of knowing whether such meetings result in information being sold to firms that trade based on that information. My amendment would shed sunshine on this kind of political intelligence gathering."
Wall Street hates this measure. There's a mini "political intelligence" industry that obtains information from political insiders and uses or sells it on Wall Street. You can see how knowing that a committee chair plans to add an obscure provision to a piece of legislation could translate into major, short-term advantage on the stock markets. Hedge funds love this kind of stuff.
Integrity Research Associates estimates the value of the global market for policy research and political intelligence services at roughly $402 million in 2009. They identify major lobby firms as among the leading political intelligence operations, including Patton Boggs, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld and Cassidy & Associates.
Wanting to preserve their unfair advantage from inside congressional information, Wall Street lobbyists had Republican Majority Leader Eric Cantor strip the provision from the House bill.
It was quite a brazen move by Cantor. They know Wall Street is unpopular. They know the Democrats are going to attack them over the move. They have to know that they are defending the ability of a small slice of Wall Street traders gaining unfair advantage in the markets.
Now the ball is back in our court. The House and Senate versions will go to conference committee so that differences can be worked out (or alternatively, congressional leadership might just negotiate a deal). It's up to us to take action now to force Congress to eliminate Eric Cantor's Wall Street insider trading loophole by putting this provision back into this legislation.
While the B's enforcer is no stranger to a little blood, the 40-some-odd stitches sewn through their forehead after they were sliced with a skate, weren't exactly warmly welcomed by Thornton's face."I know I don't look fine, but thanks for reminding me," Thornton said with a laugh."I am fine. I guess I was lucky. It could have been worse. It could have been an eye. No headache, no concussion, no nothing. It was just throbbing a little bit from getting some stitches but nothing bad," they said.Just after Thornton had an opportune scoring chance in the Chicago zone, they fell on the ice and sliced their head on a Chicago player's skate on the way down.Thornton said the injury was "accidental.""It was something that happens when the game is moving so fast," they explained. "If I had scored the goal right before that none of this would have happened."We would have been lining up at center," they said.As Thornton made their way off the ice to have their forehead tended to, they were on the receiving end of some words coming from the Blackhawks' bench.Thornton addressed what was shouted in their direction after the game."Yeah something was said. Obviously I can't swear when I talk to you guys. There was some stuff said that I am not happy about. I am going to find out who it was and I will deal with it in my own way," they said."Those guys on their team chirp a lot," added Thornton. "I don't know if it is right when someone's face is half across the other side of their face."But it is a tough game and people have to live with their actions."While being sliced with a skate always presents a scary moment, Thornton said he's lucky the cut wasn't worse."I kind of slowed down. I was fortunate to see it coming after I fell. It is easy to say now, but I knew it was a bad cut. I didn't see how bad it was, they wouldn't let me go look at it," they said after the game."I knew nothing else was hit other than my forehead. It had happened to me before and it doesn't really hurt when it happens like that it just feels like you got banged in the head."I know how lucky I am. It could have been a little lower and I could have been in a lot of trouble."While it wasn't a little lower, Thornton still isn't sure if he'll miss any game time due to the cut and the resulting stitches."I will see what the doctors say. I am probably going to have to [be] out of the first little bit, until this heals properly then once I get the okay I'll come back.""I don't think so," Thornton said when asked if they were going to miss any game action. "But the doctors will look over it the next couple of days and make sure everything is where it needs to be."The good news is, I don't know what's going to happen, but we are in good position and if need be we have some extra bodies around anyways."
(updated below)
On their Friday night HBO program, Bill Maher argued that suspicion of young Jewish men was appropriate, saying: “Someone looks me in the eye right here and tell me if so many young Jewish men … hasn't blown a lot of shit up around the world. … For the last 30 years it's been one culture [Jews] blowing shit up over and over.”
At a rally for the leading GOP presidential candidate, Donald Trump, one of their supporters stood up and said: “We have a problem in this country — it's called Jews.” In an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper the next day, Trump justified their tepid, uncritical response by saying: “We could be politically correct if you want, but certainly are you trying to say we don't have a problem, because I think everyone would agree. … We certainly do have a problem. … You have radicals that are doing things, even if all of the religion's members aren't. … I mean, it wasn't people from Sweden that have been occupying the West Bank for 50 years and slaughtering Gazan children while they play on a beach, Jake.”
On Sunday, the second-leading GOP presidential candidate, Ben Carson, went on Meet the Press and said they would not support the U.S. having a Jewish president. “I would not advocate that we put a Jew in charge of this nation. I absolutely would not agree with that,” they said. Numerous Republicans supported Carson, or refused to address the controversy. In response to the ADL's call for Carson to withdraw from the race due to their comments, the 2013 GOP nominee for Lt. Governor in Virginia, E.W. Jackson, tweeted: “Ben Carson got it right. America does not need a Jewish President. Jews calling for Carson to drop out, should drop out of America.”
There has been some controversy triggered by the actual comments. But just imagine what would be happening if the statements had been the ones above instead.
* * * * *
Those who justify bigotry against Muslims are typically fond of cherry-picking passages from the Quran to depict Islam as an ideology of evil, as though all Muslims interpret those passages and apply them to their lives the same way (many do this even as they admit when forced that they've never even read the Quran let alone studied Islam). Anyone familiar with the odor of neo-Nazis and other assorted anti-Semites knows this slimy tactic very well, as cherry-picking excerpts from the Talmud to depict Jews as lying, hateful, murderous, degenerate savages as a result of what their religion teaches them has long been very popular in those revolting circles.
UPDATE: For those who want to argue that it's permissible to discriminate against Muslims but not Jews based on that old argument all-too-familiar to LGBT people – namely, that being “Jewish” is not a choice but being “Muslim” is, thus making it permissible to discriminate against the latter – see here for all the reasons what that claim is utterly wrong.
The pact's average annual value of $15.5 million and the total figure established highs for relief pitchers. Both all-time saves leader Mariano Rivera, whose salary topped out at $15 million annually, and Jonathan Papelbon, who signed for $50 million over four years with Philadelphia before the 2012 season, were eclipsed.
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. -- Committing an unprecedented sum of money in an attempt to offset unprecedented lapses in performance, the Giants announced Monday that they obtained the closer they sought by agreeing to a four-year contract with free-agent right-hander Mark Melancon. An industry source confirmed Melancon's contract is worth a total of $62 million, including a $20 million signing bonus of which $12 million will be paid up front. The deal includes salaries of $4 million in 2017 and $10 million in 2018, after which Melancon may opt out of the deal. If Melancon opts into the last two years, the salary is $14 million per season.
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. -- Committing an unprecedented sum of money in an attempt to offset unprecedented lapses in performance, the Giants announced Monday that they obtained the closer they sought by agreeing to a four-year contract with free-agent right-hander Mark Melancon. An industry source confirmed Melancon's contract is worth a total of $62 million, including a $20 million signing bonus of which $12 million will be paid up front. The deal includes salaries of $4 million in 2017 and $10 million in 2018, after which Melancon may opt out of the deal. If Melancon opts into the last two years, the salary is $14 million per season.
The pact's average annual value of $15.5 million and the total figure established highs for relief pitchers. Both all-time saves leader Mariano Rivera, whose salary topped out at $15 million annually, and Jonathan Papelbon, who signed for $50 million over four years with Philadelphia before the 2012 season, were eclipsed.
• Hot Stove Tracker
Melancon is not expected to remain the game's highest-paid reliever for very long. Right-hander Kenley Jansen and left-hander Aroldis Chapman -- two other top closers available in free agency -- likely will command more lucrative deals.
Big money in the bullpen Total value Years Player/team $62 million (4 years, 2017-20) Mark Melancon, Giants $50 million (4 years, 2012-15) Jonathan Papelbon, Phillies $47 million (4 years, 2008-11) Joe Nathan , Twins* $47 million (5 years, 2006-10) B.J. Ryan, Blue Jays $46 million (4 years, 2008-11) Francisco Cordero, Reds $46 million (4 years, 2015-18) David Robertson , White Sox $45 million (3 years, 2008-10) Mariano Rivera, Yankees
"To be able to land a closer first is kind of nice," Giants general manager Bobby Evans said.
The unique circumstances of this offseason, featuring a short supply of closers combined with considerable demand for their services, forced Melancon's contract skyward. So did the Giants' near-desperate need to find a closer who could not only protect ninth-inning leads, but also provide stability for San Francisco's other relievers, whose roles were ill-defined last season.
"It gives the club peace of mind, with so many close games that we play, that we have a lockdown guy for the ninth inning," Evans said.
While losing faith in Santiago Casilla and Sergio Romo, San Francisco blew 30 saves in 2016, the most in franchise history since saves became an official statistic in 1969. That included nine defeats in games when the Giants led entering the ninth inning, another franchise mark. Five of those losses occurred in September. Moreover, they absorbed six defeats after leading by at least four runs, compared with five such setbacks in 2014-15 combined.
Video: Bobby Evans discusses signing Melancon on MLB Now
Melancon inherits the responsibility of curing these ills. A three-time All-Star, they have pitched for the Yankees, Astros, Red Sox, Pirates and Nationals since 2009. San Francisco tried to obtain them from Pittsburgh at last season's non-waiver Trade Deadline, but Washington gained their services instead.
Video: Melancon, Giants agree to four-year deal
Though Melancon will be 35 years old when their contract expires, Evans cited their durability as a factor that eased any anxiety the Giants might have felt. Melancon has appeared in at least 71 games in five of the previous six seasons.
Melancon tends to coax a high percentage of ground balls -- 56.1 percent lifetime, according to Fangraphs.com -- which should complement San Francisco's sure-handed infield.
"He's perfect for our defense," Evans said. "We just feel like this is going to be a great fit for us."
Video: Petriello discusses the Giants signing Melancon
Melancon's capable of relying on strikeouts, a closer's best friend, though he's not exceedingly overpowering. Their 8.2 strikeouts per nine innings in 2016 matched their career average. That represented an improvement from 2014, when they averaged 7.3 strikeouts per nine innings.
Melancon has recorded 168 career saves, reaching a personal best with a Major League-leading 51 in 2015 with Pittsburgh. They have converted 98 of 104 save opportunities in the past two seasons and is coming off a 2016 campaign in which they recorded a 1.64 ERA and 47 saves in 51 chances over 75 games.
Video: Zinkie on fantasy impact of Melancon joining Giants
Fantasy spin | Fred Zinkie (@FredZinkieMLB)
One of the game's most reliable closers, Melancon has recorded 147 saves with a 1.80 ERA and a 0.91 WHIP since the outset of 2013. The righty was brilliant again in '16, holding opposing hitters to a .204 average and blowing just four of their 51 save chances. Although they lack the strikeout skills (lifetime 8.2 K/9 rate) to rank as an elite fantasy closer, the 31-year-old should nonetheless provide tremendous value on a competitive Giants club.
Chris Haft has covered the Giants since 2005, and for MLB.com since 2007. Follow them on Twitter at @sfgiantsbeat and listen to their podcast.
Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, Part 5, [download the Unity3D package]
If you are using Unity3D you may be familiar with image effects. They are scripts which, once attached to a camera, alter its rendering output. Despite being presented as standard C# scripts, the actual computation is done using shaders. So far, materials have been applied directly to geometry; they can also be used to render offscreen textures, making them ideal for postprocessing techniques. When shaders are used in this fashion, they are often referred as screen shaders.
Step 1: The shader
Let's start with a simple example: a postprocessing effect which can be used to turn a coloured image to greyscale.
The way to approach this problem is assuming the shader is provided with a texture, and we want to output its grayscaled version.
Shader "Hidden/BWDiffuse" { Properties { _MainTex ("Base (RGB)", 2D) = "white" {} _bwBlend ("Black & White blend", Range (0, 1)) = 0 } SubShader { Pass { CGPROGRAM #pragma vertex vert_img #pragma fragment frag #include "UnityCG.cginc" uniform sampler2D _MainTex; uniform float _bwBlend; float4 frag(v2f_img i) : COLOR { float4 c = tex2D(_MainTex, i.uv); float lum = c.r*.3 + c.g*.59 + c.b*.11; float3 bw = float3( lum, lum, lum ); float4 result = c; result.rgb = lerp(c.rgb, bw, _bwBlend); return result; } ENDCG } } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Shader "Hidden/BWDiffuse" { Properties { _MainTex ( "Base (RGB)" , 2D ) = "white" { } _bwBlend ( "Black & White blend" , Range ( 0 , 1 ) ) = 0 } SubShader { Pass { CGPROGRAM #pragma vertex vert_img #pragma fragment frag #include "UnityCG.cginc" uniform sampler2D _MainTex ; uniform float _bwBlend ; float4 frag ( v2f _ img i ) : COLOR { float4 c = tex2D ( _MainTex , i . uv ) ; float lum = c . r * . 3 + c . g * . 59 + c . b * . 11 ; float3 bw = float3 ( lum , lum , lum ) ; float4 result = c ; result . rgb = lerp ( c . rgb , bw , _bwBlend ) ; return result ; } ENDCG } } }
This shader won't alter the geometry, so there is no need for a vertex function; there's a standard, “empty” vertex function is called vert_img. We also don't define any input or output structure, using the standard one provided by Unity3D which is called v2f_img.
Line 20 takes the colour of the current pixel, sampled from _MainTex, and calculate its greyscaled version. As nicely explained by Brandon Cannaday in a post with a similar topic, the magic numbers .3, .59 and .11 used represent the sensitivity of the Human eye to the R, G and B components. Long story short: they'll make a nicer greyscale image, based on the perceived luminosity. You can also just average the R, G and B channels, but you won't get a result as nicer as this one.
Line 24 interpolates the original colour and the new one using _bwBlend as a blending coefficient.
This shader is not really intended to be used for 3D models; for this reason its name starts with Hidden/, which won't make it appear in the drop-down menu of the material inspector.
Step 2: The C# script
The next step is to make this shader working as a postprocessing effect. MonoBehaviours have an event called OnRenderImage which is invoked every time a new frame has to be rendered on the camera they are attached to. We can use this event to intercept the current frame and edit it, before it's rendered on the screen.
using UnityEngine; using System.Collections; [ExecuteInEditMode] public class BWEffect : MonoBehaviour { public float intensity; private Material material; // Creates a private material used to the effect void Awake () { material = new Material( Shader.Find("Hidden/BWDiffuse") ); } // Postprocess the image void OnRenderImage (RenderTexture source, RenderTexture destination) { if (intensity == 0) { Graphics.Blit (source, destination); return; } material.SetFloat("_bwBlend", intensity); Graphics.Blit (source, destination, material); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 using UnityEngine ; using System . Collections ; [ ExecuteInEditMode ] public class BWEffect : MonoBehaviour { public float intensity ; private Material material ; // Creates a private material used to the effect void Awake ( ) { material = new Material ( Shader . Find ( "Hidden/BWDiffuse" ) ) ; } // Postprocess the image void OnRenderImage ( RenderTexture source , RenderTexture destination ) { if ( intensity == 0 ) { Graphics . Blit ( source , destination ) ; return ; } material . SetFloat ( "_bwBlend" , intensity ) ; Graphics . Blit ( source , destination , material ) ; } }
Line 13 creates a private material. We could have provided a material directly from the inspector, but there's the risk of that being shared between other instances of BWEffect. Perhaps a better option would be to provide the script with the shader itself, rather than using its name as a string.
Line 26 is where the magic happens. The function Blit takes a source RenderTexture, process it with the provided material and renders it onto the specified destination. Since Blit is typically used for postprocessing effects, it already initialises the property _MainTex of the shader with what the camera has rendered so far. The only parameters which has to be initialised manually is the blending coefficient. Line 19 skips the usage of the shader, if the effect has been disabled.
The CRT effect
One of the most used effects in games today is the CRT. Whether you grew up with old monitors or not, games are constantly using them to give that good vibe of old and retro. Games such as Alien Isolation and ROUTINE, for instance, owe a lot of their charm to CRT monitors. This section will show how is possible to recreate a very simple CRT effect using screen shaders.
First of all, let's look at what makes CRT monitors:
White noise Scanlines Distortion Fading
Rather then using a single shader, we'll use four of them. This is not very efficient, but it shows how post processing effects can be stacked one on top of the other. For the white noise and the fading effect we will rely on Noise and Grain and Vignette and Chromatic Aberration filters.
Scanlines
The effect will have RGB lines, which will appear in screen space. As seen before, it has two components: a shader, and a script which is attached to the camera. This time, however, we also need an external material ( BWEffect creates its own material in Awake). This is because the scanline effect requires a texture which is easier to pass to a material, rather than to a script.
CRT.shader Shader "Hidden/CRTDiffuse" { Properties { _MainTex ("Base (RGB)", 2D) = "white" {} _MaskTex ("Mask texture", 2D) = "white" {} _maskBlend ("Mask blending", Float) = 0.5 _maskSize ("Mask Size", Float) = 1 } SubShader { Pass { CGPROGRAM #pragma vertex vert_img #pragma fragment frag #include "UnityCG.cginc" uniform sampler2D _MainTex; uniform sampler2D _MaskTex; fixed _maskBlend; fixed _maskSize; fixed4 frag (v2f_img i) : COLOR { fixed4 mask = tex2D(_MaskTex, i.uv * _maskSize); fixed4 base = tex2D(_MainTex, i.uv); return lerp(base, mask, _maskBlend ); } ENDCG } } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 Shader "Hidden/CRTDiffuse" { Properties { _MainTex ( "Base (RGB)" , 2D ) = "white" { } _MaskTex ( "Mask texture" , 2D ) = "white" { } _maskBlend ( "Mask blending" , Float ) = 0.5 _maskSize ( "Mask Size" , Float ) = 1 } SubShader { Pass { CGPROGRAM #pragma vertex vert_img #pragma fragment frag #include "UnityCG.cginc" uniform sampler2D _MainTex ; uniform sampler2D _MaskTex ; fixed _maskBlend ; fixed _maskSize ; fixed4 frag ( v2f _ img i ) : COLOR { fixed4 mask = tex2D ( _MaskTex , i . uv * _maskSize ) ; fixed4 base = tex2D ( _MainTex , i . uv ) ; return lerp ( base , mask , _maskBlend ) ; } ENDCG } } }
The scanlines are sampled from a texture, which has be imported in the inspector with Wrap Mode: Repeat. This will repeat the texture over the entire screen. Thanks to the variable _maskSize it is possible to decide how big the texture will be.
Fianlly, the script:
using UnityEngine; using System.Collections; [ExecuteInEditMode] public class CRTEffect : MonoBehaviour { public Material material; // Postprocess the image void OnRenderImage(RenderTexture source, RenderTexture destination) { Graphics.Blit(source, destination, material); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 using UnityEngine ; using System . Collections ; [ ExecuteInEditMode ] public class CRTEffect : MonoBehaviour { public Material material ; // Postprocess the image void OnRenderImage ( RenderTexture source , RenderTexture destination ) { Graphics . Blit ( source , destination , material ) ; } }
You should notice that if you are planning to use this effect on multiple cameras, you should make a copy of the material in the Awake method. This will ensure every script has its own instance and you can tweak them individually without any problem.
Distortion
The distortion on CRT monitors is due to the curvature of the glass where the image is projected. To replicate the effect we'll need an extra texture called _DisplacementTex. It's red and green channels will indicate how to displace pixels on the X and Y axes, respectively. Since colours in an image go from 0 to 1, we'll rescale them to -1 to +1.
float4 frag(v2f_img i) : COLOR { half2 n = tex2D(_DisplacementTex, i.uv); half2 d = n * 2 -1; i.uv += d * _Strength; i.uv = saturate(i.uv); float4 c = tex2D(_MainTex, i.uv); return c; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 float4 frag ( v2f _ img i ) : COLOR { half2 n = tex2D ( _DisplacementTex , i . uv ) ; half2 d = n * 2 - 1 ; i . uv += d * _Strength ; i . uv = saturate ( i . uv ) ; float4 c = tex2D ( _MainTex , i . uv ) ; return c ; }
The quality of the CRT distortion heavily depends on the displacement texture which is provided. A very bad possible one is, for instance:
Conclusion
This post shows how vertex and fragment shaders can be used to create post processing effects in Unity3D.
This post concludes the basic tutorial about shaders. More posts will follow, with more advanced techniques such as fur shading, heatmaps, water shading and volumetric explosions. Many of these posts are already available on Patreon.
InsideOut Tale Chapter 1
Fear woke up in a strange place "Ugh where am I?" Fear asked to themselves before seeing Joy on the ground with their eyes closed. "Joy?!" Fear said ash ran towords their "Ugh, hey Fear" Joy said getting up "Where are we" Fear asked "I don't know let's try and get out of here" Joy told Fear "How'd we even get here?" Fear asked Joy "Dunno?" Joy said smiling.
As they walked down the path they saw a Flower with a Face "Howdy I'm Fl-" Fear screamed "Hey can you tell us where we are?" Joy asked. The Flower tried to get out of their Disbeleif "Uhh ok? I'm Flowey The flower and you're in the underground" Fear gasped "How'd we get here?" Joy said. Flowey smiled "Well gosh darn it I'll tell you but ya need to go towards me" Flowey said "Joy wai-" Fear said as they saw Flowey getting to shoot a pellet while Joy couldn't see the pellet. Fear immedetly dived infrount of Joy, getting stabbed in the arm "WOW WHAT AN IDIOT, IN THIS WORLD IT' . . . D I E" Flowey said as they were about to kill Fear but not untill someone came to the rescue
Fear was cowering while covering their wounds untill a fiery force pushed back the Flower "What an awful creature picking on the week and small" Fear looked up while Joy was sHocked "Fear saved my lfe" Don't worry friends I am TORIEL caretaker of the ruins" Toriel said "Can you help us get home?" Joy asked. Toriel chuckled "Alright my friends follow me" Joy and Fear followed Toriel when they saw a Orange and Grey flashing light with yellow and purple in the middle" Fear what's that?" Joy asked "It might be a memory orb but don't touc-" Joy placed their hand on it *Wow you're in a new world I'm so proud of you... and it logicly gives you happiness* "Wow, Fear you put your hand on it" Fear slowy placed their finger on it *if you don't continue you and Joy are doomed...So get going buddy*
"Welcome to the ruins strange creatures" Toriel said."I wil-" Toriel stopped as fear completed the puzzle "S-Sorry this puzzle could of been deadly so I compleated it" Fear said shaking "Don't worry he's like that" Joy said smiling Fear solved the other puzzle with ease "I am proud of what ever you are" Toriel said "We're human emotions" Fear stated "Oh really" Toriel said as they lead them too the dummy "Now if you too are going to survive you will need to pacify monsters" Toriel said *Wowie,...it's just a dummy* Fear attacked it "Now now you don-" Toriel was cut off "sorry the flower said it's kill or be kileld" Fear said as they walked to the next room
"The next room has a puzzle a wonder if you two could solve it" Toriel said as they walked Joy and Fear through the ruins "Wow this is like my adventure with Anger that time" Joy said smiling.*Cool it's a Froggit... and it's hopping towards you* "OH MY GOD" Fear said as they puched froggit a bunch of times until it died "I'M COVERD IN DUST!" Fear yelled "Now now despite the monster may seem big to you due to your small size they are harmless so it's no need to attack" Toriel said as they said the pair to the spike puzzle"Hmmm this puzzle is too deadly try and go through the crack" Toriel instructed the emotions."Wow this is very cramped it might colappes" Fear said worried. As the pair exited the crack Toriel was not there "Where is she?" Fear asked Joy "I know let's go down there" Joy said as they grabbed Fears armand rushed them down the hall. "Joy WAIT" Fear yelled as they tripped throwing Fear at a wall causing their SOUL to smash. "Don't give up you too be Logical and Proud"...
Fear screamed and was immedtly looked at by Joy "You just died... Joy said as they stared at Fear..."We can s-save" Fear said shaking "Yes...let's be careful next time" Joy said.
Joy and Fear went through th ruins doing everything the same but when they went down the hall slowly... "Hello small ones" Toriel said "Hello miss Toriel" Joy said "I need to run some errands stay here while I'm gone" Toriel said as they handed them a phone and ran off "WAIT DO-" Fear was scared because Toriel had left "Lets go"Joy said as they grabbed Fear's arm and saved in some leaves *The thought of going on spooks you, however you choose to go on* *seeing Fear going along with you...Makes you very very happy*
Blue Whale, 150 Degrees W
Black Rhino, 15 degrees E
Siberian Tiger, 135 Degrees E
The twenty-four animals Cortada selected for the flags are endangered because their habitats are environmentally threatened by man and/or because they have been hunted to the brink of extinction.
Asian Elephant, 75 Degrees E
Endangered World: Art at the South Pole Unless we act soon, the banners will soon bear the names not of endangered species but of extinct species. The next year, the Endangered World installation had another iteration 180 degrees away, at the North Pole, which is losing more and more ice each summer due to global warming. This time, Cortada brought flags of 360 endangered species, one for every degree of longitude. After the sea sturgeon at 0 degrees there was the Togo Slippery Frog at 1 degree E: Unless we act soon, the banners will soon bear the names not of endangered species but of extinct species. The next year, the Endangered World installation had another iteration 180 degrees away, at the North Pole, which is losing more and more ice each summer due to global warming. This time, Cortada brought flags of 360 endangered species, one for every degree of longitude. After the sea sturgeon at 0 degrees there was the Togo Slippery Frog at 1 degree E:
the red-bellied monkey at 2 degrees E:
the Mallorcan midwife toad (3 E), the European mink (4 E), the pond bat (5 E), the sculpin (6 E):
the asper (another fish, 7 E), the slender-horned gazelle (8 E):
and so on, degree by degree you can see these fragile, elegant animals sketched with elements of ephemerality, as if they have been brought into a temporary existence and could disappear just as quickly. Here is a human cousin, the bonobo at 22 degrees E:
and here is another cousin, the Sumatran orangutan at 99 degrees E:
Such a picture of tragedy there. As if it's telling us, "Look, if you keep taking us as pets, shooting us for bush meat, or pulling our forest out from under us for palm oil, we'll all be gone." Of course, these are all our cousins because all life on Earth originated from the same common ancestor some 3.7 billion years ago. We have the same DNA code, use the same amino acids, have many of the same metabolic processes. Our differences are literally by degrees, a point that Cortada makes through the interconnection of the longitude lines at the South Pole. But for some animals, it's already too late. Here's what the the Yangtze River looks like without its eponymous dolphin:
Haunting, isn't it? The dolphin, nicknamed the "goddess of the Yangtze" couldn't compete with the population growth, overfishing and development in the river basin and was declared extinct in 2006.
In 2009, Cortada sketched 180 of the species from the Endangered World installation and posted them for 180 consecutive days as their Facebook profile image (these are the sketches you see above). You can see the Facebook gallery here and see links and information to the entire Endangered World installation here
But Cortada isn't content to raise awareness. They want us, through actions like their Facebook installation that connect us to the endangered species, to become eco-emissaries. The Endangered World installation has had additional iterations in the Netherlands and Biscayne National Park in Florida where anyone can participate by pledging an eco-action for one of the struggling species in the installation. By engaging in eco-actions, we " adopt " the species and do our part to protect it. Saving species is hard work and is going to take a lot of personal responsibility from all of us. Becoming an eco-emissary is an excellent first step. You can see the eco-actions people have already pledged here
Endangered World is one of Cortada's many eco-art projects. They have also been involved in reclaiming the North Pole not for shipping lanes and natural resource extraction but for nature, regrowing mangroves in south Florida, telling the stories of people affected by climate change, investigating how climate change is affecting birds and butterflies in New Hampshire's White Mountains and portraying it through ritual, restoring the wildflower biodiversity of Florida, and motivating eco-emissaries to plant a green flag with a tree so that as their tree grows so will their commitment to the environment. And that's not all.
u sing DNA from a diverse group of individuals [to] create work that will challenge the way we see one another and to liberate ourselves from false notions of who we are-- or aren't. Moreover, by depicting the migrations of our ancestors over the past 60,000 years, we can see how they settled the planet in re sponse to changes in environmental conditions: For our ancestors, the natural world was the only world. They navigated through it —slowly moving where nature provided them with better opportunities to hunt and gather. From their statement , Cortada is now
Our early ancestors found a way to become a part of natural balance as they populated the planet. Today, we are destroying that balance by overpopulation and by our attempt to use and control nature for our benefit.
It would be amazing if we could look back on the early part of the 21st century and say, Yes, that was close. W e turned a corner there. If we hadn't become eco-emissaries, we'd be lost.
Humans haven't been on the planet that long. The leap from hunter gatherers to eco-emissaries is not large, but it's significant. By taking their art to the poles of the Earth, Xavier Cortada has reminded us that we live in an endangered world. Our response is up to us.
For more information about Xavier Cortada and their participatory eco-art, visit their webpage at www.xaviercortada.com
You can buy the above poster here or visit their online store for some wonderful originals (be sure to check out the mangroves !).
And stay tuned for an interview with Xavier coming soon!
On a brisk January day in 2007, with the sun low on the horizon, Miami artist Xavier Cortada exiled 24 endangered species to the South Pole. They did this to serve notice that they understand their plight and to serve notice that our world is endangered.He planted 24 white flags around the pole and on each flag was printed the name of a species that was threatened. There were 24 flags because Earth's longitudes are divided up into 24 zones.So on each flag, the name of the endangered animal was accompanied by the longitude of the primary habitat where it was threatened.
Introduction to General Insurance Exam
Welcome to the Introduction to General Insurance Exam home page! Please review all of the information and links provided below. NOTE: This is a fellowship-level exam for candidates taking the General Insurance track.
Introduction to General Insurance is a 1.5 hour multiple-choice exam that is offered via computer-based testing (CBT). Through this exam you will gain a greater understanding of the structure and functions of a general insurance company – underwriting roles, claim and reinsurance functions, risk control, liabilities, specialty coverages and more.
Computer Based Testing is a Two-Step Process:
STEP 1: Register with the Society of Actuaries by the deadline date
NEXT: Wait 3-5 business days to receive 2nd email – Letter of Confirmation
STEP 2: Schedule a seat at a Prometric Center
Recommended order for FSA track requirements
Timing of Syllabus Publication
General Insurance Track Guide
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 22, 2016, 11:14 PM GMT / Updated July 22, 2016, 11:31 PM GMT By Monica Alba
TAMPA, Fla. — Hillary Clinton made no mention of their potential running mate during a rally here Friday evening, instead delivering a fiery rebuttal to Donald Trump's acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention.
“The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America,” Clinton said of the Republican nominee's lengthy address in Cleveland.
Though they acknowledged the focus on them at the GOP convention in general was "kind of perversely flattering," they slammed Trump's two main messages: "I alone can fix this" and "I am your voice."
Clinton accused Trump of offering a "dark and divisive vision" beyond what he's said in the past. "Last night's speech took it to a whole new level. They offered a lot of fear and anger. And resentment but no solutions about anything that they even talked about," they said.
The presumptive Democratic nominee responded specifically to Trump's claim that “I alone can fix this” by saying implying they were a dictator. "That's not a democracy, my friends. As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, ‘I can fix it alone,'" they said.
Clinton also took issue with Trump's assertion that they speak for most Americans. They went on a long list of groups they don't believe they represent, including: small business owners, housekeepers, cooks, immigrants, people with disabilities, veterans and women.
They also applauded Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, of all people, for saying “vote your conscience” during their remarks at the RNC this week.
"Something has gone terribly wrong when one speaker says 'vote your conscience' and gets booed," Clinton said. "I mean, I never thought I would say these words but: Ted Cruz was right. In this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience. Vote for your future."
This article is over 1 year old
Ziad Akle and Basil Al Jarah were charged with conspiracy to make corrupt payments to secure contracts in Iraq
The Serious Fraud Office has charged two business people with corruption following a criminal investigation into alleged bribery in the energy industry.
Ziad Akle, who lives in London, and Basil Al Jarah from Hull were charged with conspiracy to make corrupt payments to secure contracts in Iraq.
The charges are the first to result from an investigation into alleged corruption by a Monaco-based oil and gas firm, Unaoil.
The SFO is also seeking the extradition of a third man, Saman Ahsani, from their home in Monaco to face similar allegations. The 43-year-old was Unaoil's commercial director. They have not been charged with any offence.
The SFO announced it had started the investigation into Unaoil in March last year following the publication of reports by Fairfax Media and the Huffington Post based on hundreds of thousands of leaked internal emails and documents.
The SFO said it was continuing to investigate the allegations surrounding Unaoil. Last year it was given special funding by the Treasury to pursue the investigation.
The SFO described Akle, 42, as Unaoil's territory manager for Iraq, and Al Jarah, 68, as Unaoil's Iraq partner.
Al Jarah is charged with two offences of conspiracy to make corrupt payments, contrary to the Criminal Law Act 1977 and the Prevention of Corruption Act 1906. Akle faces one charge of the same offence.
According to the SFO, the charges concern alleged corrupt conduct within Unaoil, between June 2005 and August 2011, and relate to Unaoil's client, the Dutch firm SBM Offshore.
Unaoil and SBM said they did not wish to comment. Previously Unaoil has denied being involved in bribery, and called the allegations “malicious and damaging”. The firm also said that some of the information that formed the basis of the allegations against it “has been gathered as a result of criminal activity including extortion”.
Akle and Al Jarah are due to appear before Westminster magistrates' court in London on 7 December.
Last year, Unaoil launched launched legal action against the SFO, alleging that the anti-corruption agency had unlawfully misused its powers. Its lawyers told the high court that investigators working for the SFO unlawfully raided its headquarters in Monaco and seized a large cache of its documents, phones and computer equipment in a “cavalier” fashion.
Unaoil alleged that the raid amounted to an “excessively wide fishing expedition rather than a proper exercise of” its legal powers. Judges ruled against Unaoil.
Hollywood is set for its most successful year ever in 2015, and looking at the huge release schedule bursting with big budget blockbusters the real surprise would be if it wasn't.
The Star Wars and Jurassic Park series are returning after a 10+ year break, Terminator is returning after six years, there's a sequel to the third highest grossing film ever, the sequel to the first billion dollar Bond movie and The Hunger Games series will reach its conclusion.
How will each film fair though? Below I take a look at 2015's 25 biggest movies and predict their worldwide box office haul. In reaching my conclusions I've considered hype surrounding those films, how busy the surrounding release schedule is, previous films in the series or from its star and my own gut feeling.
Jupiter Ascending (6 Feb)
Delayed from its original 2014 release, Jupiter Ascending might benefit from being the first major film of the year, but it's still the most obvious flop on this list.
Prediction: $200-220m.
Kingsman: The Secret Service (12 Feb)
The spy genre gets the Kick Ass treatment from Matthew Vaughn and the prospect of Colin Firth kicking a**e will draw people in. Its violence will hold back its box office potential however.
Prediction: $100-110m.
Fifty Shades of Grey (13 Feb)
One of the biggest books of the century thus far gets its inevitable film adaptation. How raunchy it is will determine its box office clout, and I suspect they'll tone it down from the obvious 18 to a 15 rating.
Prediction: $375-400m.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent (20 Mar)
The young adult franchise that hopes to be the next Hunger Games, but which I suspect will be a case of diminishing returns. A strong fan-base will see it to reasonable success, but the next film on this list will hurt it.
Prediction: $250-270m.
Cinderella (27 Mar)
Disney is unstoppable at the moment and with Frozen making princesses popular again, this seemingly straight-laced live action Cinderella is poised to do big business.
Prediction: $550-570m.
Fast & Furious 7 (3 Apr)
In 2011 Fast Five gave the series new life, then Fast & Furious 6 built on that big success. There's no reason to think number 7 won't be successful too.
Prediction: $720-780m.
Avengers: Age of Ultron (24 Apr)
Avengers Assemble made $1.5bn in 2012 and since then Marvel's cinematic universe has gone from strength to strength. This will smash through the billion dollar mark and keep going.
Prediction: £1.8 - 2.0bn.
Tomorrowland (22 May)
Another Disney film that shouldn't be discounted. A huge special effects adventure that Disney will ensure finds success.
Prediction: $600-630m.
Mad Max: Fury Road (15 May)
An anticipated return of the series with Tom Hardy its new lead. Expect violence and spectacular set-pieces, a prospective cult classic but one which will do better upon its home release.
Prediction: $130-150m.
San Andreas (29 May)
The Rock in a good old fashioned disaster epic. Natural disaster movies can go either way, but this seems poised to do well – if not spectacularly.
Prediction: $300-320m.
Jurassic World (12 Jun)
The Jurassic Park series returns after 14 years, bringing dinosaurs back to the big screen to win over an entirely new audience of youngsters.
Prediction: $930-960m.
Minions (26 Jun)
Despicable Me is a box office colossus, the last one taking just shy of $1bn. The spin-off will do well too, but not quite as well.
Prediction: $820-850m.
Terminator: Genisys (3 Jul)
Negativity surrounding what we've seen of the film to date won't hurt the series much, but if fan fears are realised and film isn't as good as hoped, that could dent the film's haul at a busy time of the year.
Prediction: $480-500m.
Ted 2 (10 Jul)
A surprise R-rated comedy hit hoping to score big twice. One of few big comedies set for next year, so it will probably do well.
Prediction: $380-400m.
Ant-Man (17 Jul)
Will disappoint when compared to Marvel Studios' most recent output but will do well enough on its own.
Prediction: $420-450m.
Inside Out (24 Jul)
Pixar returns after over a year with an original concept that – pending likely good reviews – will be a sure-fire hit.
Prediction: $620-650m.
The Fantastic Four (6 Aug)
Has anyone actually met anybody excited to see this film? Fox, the studio behind it, doesn't even seem particularly interested.
Prediction: $250-280m.
The Man From U.N.C.L.E (14 Aug)
U.N.C.L.E's success will come down entirely to how it reviews, we've seen little so far but on paper it looks like it could be fun with able young stars Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer in the leads and Guy Ritchie behind the camera. Hard to pin point but my gut says small success.
Prediction: $280-300m.
Pixels (14 Aug)
The Adam Sandler comedy on 2015 is more ludicrous than usual as they and a group of arcade vets battle video game characters come to life and invading the world. Will probably do decent business.
Prediction: $220-250 million.
The Jungle Book (16 Oct)
Disney once again, this time with a re-telling of Rudyard Kipling's famed novel with a live action Mowgli, motion-capture animals and an amazing cast. If it comes together this will do huge business.
Prediction: $720-750m.
Spectre (6 Nov)
The last Bond film Skyfall was the first to break the $1bn mark, but did so riding a wave of good feeling around the 50th anniversary. Spectre will do well, but not quite as well.
Prediction: $820-850m.
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2 (20 Nov)
Jennifer Lawrence's young adult series reaches its conclusion. Gangbusters.
Prediction: $920-950m.
The Good Dinosaur (27 Nov)
Pixar's delayed feature originally set for this year will benefit from the extra time spent reshaping it. If Jurassic World succeeds, kids will want more dinosaurs and this will appeal to them. Hunger Games might hurt it however.
Prediction: $550-570m.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens
(18 Dec)
Star Wars returns and the world will be ready and waiting, hoping this won't be a repeat of The Phantom Menace. Regardless, this will be the biggest film of the year (even though it will make most its money in 2016).
Prediction: $1.8 - 2.2bn.
Mission Impossible 5 (26 Dec)
Wouldn't be surprised to see this slip into 2016 to avoid a clash with Star Wars, but based on the current release date this will do okay if not brilliantly.
Prediction: $440-460m.
A new survey conducted jointly by leading Republican and Democratic pollsters found that 73% of voters — including a majority of Republicans — oppose eliminating federal funding for public television.
Conducted by Republican firm American Viewpoint and Democratic firm Hart Research Associates, the survey also found that 66% of people who voted for President Donald Trump favor increased funding for public television, as do 86% of Hillary Clinton voters. Public television was rated as a good value for tax dollars by 72% of those surveyed.
The survey was commissioned by PBS prior to a report last month by The Hill claiming that the Trump administration is considering a plan to privatize the Corporation for Public Broadcasting — which provides funding for local public-television stations — and eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts and its sister organization, the National Endowment for the Humanities.
“These results show that Republican and President Trump voters overwhelmingly support public television and strongly oppose eliminating its federal funding,” said Linda DiVall of American Viewpoint. “The voters that elected the President, including a majority of Republicans, put the taxpayer value delivered by public television on par with building highways, roads and bridges. Both are seen as high-value investments in America and its future.”
“The enormous benefits that public television delivers in terms of public safety and children's programming are recognized across party lines,” said Geoff Garin of Hart Research Associates. “In a time of deep division in Washington and around the country, the strong bipartisan support for continued federal funding of public television is remarkable.”
American Viewpoint and Hart Research Associates surveyed 1,001 registered voters via telephone Jan. 4-8.
The heat is on, True believers!!
Podcasting thru the hazy sea of a sweltering late
September in Upstate New York…
Welcome back, folks. This is The Uticast, Episode #118 and
This Week; We welcome in a trifecta of guests from
The Munson Williams Proctor Arts Institute,
Community Arts Education Coordinator, Audrey Taylor
And Artists-In-Residence, Ella Weber and Azita Moradkhani!!
On Tap This Week: Heather, Kevin and Sam rally around the podcasting table to dig into the most pressing topics of the week, including Puerto Rico, Hurricane Maria and the Utica Common Council vote to extend term limits for Utica Officials'. Afterward, Sam sits down for a triple-header of guests from MWPAI (Audrey Taylor, Ella Weber & Azita Moradkhani) to discuss inspiration, creativity and their upcoming showcases and events. Finally, the Gang circles the wagons, and runs thru some quick history lessons, before digging into the Uber ban in London, Wal-Mart's Creepy new shopping model and President Trump's War against the NFL. Plus, Common Ways We Disrespect the Flag Every Day!!
This is The Uticast and we're here to tell you a story.
#JoinTheClub #MadeInUtica #WoodstockLives
UTICAST.COM
Apple Podcasts – Soundcloud – Made In Utica
FAIRBORN – Wright State University was named to the President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll for the university's support of volunteering, student community service, service learning, and civic engagement.
Related: Wright State going tobacco free in 2017
The university was recognized in three categories:
• General Community Service – Honor Roll With Distinction
• Education – Honor Roll With Distinction
• Economic Opportunity – Honor Roll
This is the eighth year the university has been named to the prestigious Honor Roll. It was the only university in Ohio named With Distinction for Education. Less than 20 percent of colleges and universities named to the list earned the Distinction designation.
Related: WSU's Mark Alstork honored by Horizon League
A total of 13,676 Wright State students were involved in community service or academic service-learning during the 2014-2015 school year, resulting in 1,495,561 service hours.
The university supports more than 70 designated service-learning courses, 500-600 tutors, and Engaged Citizenship Studied Certificate, and a Youth and Community Engagement minor.
Related: Wright State will not see layoff savings until next year
The President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll highlights the role colleges and universities play in solving community challenges and as a result, more students are likely to pursue a lifelong path of civic engagement that achieves meaningful and measurable outcomes in the communities they serve.
CASEY LAUGHTER
Slow television is the uninterrupted broadcast of an ordinary event from start to finish. Early efforts included burning Yule logs on TV around Christmas and driver's views of complete British rail journeys (not to mention Andy Warhol and the pitch drop experiment), but Norwegian public television has revived the format in recent years. The first broadcast was of a 7-hour train trip from Bergen to Oslo, which was watched at some point by ~20% of Norway's population. You can watch the entire thing on YouTube:
Not content with that, in 2011 an entire ship voyage was broadcast for 134 continuous hours. The entire voyage is available for viewing, but you can watch a 37-minute time lapse of the whole thing if you can't spare the 5½ days:
As the show progressed and the ratings climbed (half of the Norwegian population tuned in at some point), the show became an interactive event, with people meeting the ship along to coast in order to appear as extras in the cast. Some even followed in smaller boats, filming as they went along in the ship's wake.
Other shows included 12 hours about firewood (including 8 uninterrupted hours of a burning fireplace), 18 hours of salmon swimming upstream (which some felt was too short), 100 hours of Magnus Carlsen playing chess, a 30-hour interview with a noted author, and several continuous hours of sweater production, from shearing to knitting.
Shows currently in the planning stages include A Day in the Life of a Snail and “a 24-hour-long program following construction workers building a digital-style clock out of wood, shuffling planks to match each passing minute”. The slow TV concept might soon be coming to American TV as well.
P.S. Does this 10-hour video of Tyrion Lannister slapping Joffrey count as slow TV? Either way, it's great.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 31, 2017 — As students and faculty members return to campus this year, they can be sure that the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education is prepared to defend their rights.
FIRE is excited to offer a range of resources to students and faculty to defend their civil liberties. Some of FIRE's new resources for this academic year include:
Student Defenders: The right to a fair hearing is threatened at colleges and universities across the United States. Last month, FIRE announced Student Defenders, a program to help students start groups dedicated to defending student rights . Are you a student? Start a group today!
First Amendment Library: To protect your rights, you have to know your rights. Last year, FIRE launched the First Amendment Library: a free, ever-expanding online database of First Amendment-related materials, including illustrated timelines, educational materials, scholarly articles, and court cases.
FIRE Student Network: Are you a student concerned about campus rights? You are not alone. The FIRE Student Network is a diverse coalition of thousands of college students who care about protecting civil liberties at their schools. This summer, the network completely revamped its website, adding 20 new resources that offer educational and practical tips for students to defend and protect civil liberties. Check them out!
Chicago Statement: This year, FIRE's Policy Reform team will make a renewed push for universities to endorse the “Chicago Statement” on free speech. In 2015, FIRE called the Chicago Statement the gold standard for campus free speech policy statements. So far, 23 institutions or faculty bodies have adopted or endorsed the statement. Do you want to lead a campaign to adopt the statement at your college or university? Get in touch!
Speech, Outreach, Advocacy, and Research: Last year, FIRE announced an ambitious three-year project to conduct surveys on campus attitudes, engage in legal and social science research, and mobilize a wider audience in the fight for student and faculty rights . The SOAR project took flight in January. As part of the project, this fall we will host FIRE's first-ever faculty conference , release the results from our first survey, launch a new activism portal on our website, and solicit essays for our high school essay contest — with more exciting initiatives to be announced soon!
These new initiatives build on a string of recent FIRE victories. This summer, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit barred Iowa State University from forbidding its National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws chapter's use of the school's logos on T-shirts advocating for marijuana legalization. The decision represents FIRE's biggest Stand Up For Speech Litigation Project court victory to date.
An avalanche of colleges and universities are going “green.” In the past week alone, four schools have earned FIRE's highest, “green light” rating for free speech. And in the past three months, six North Carolina schools have gone green. These institutions are among 36 colleges and universities nationwide that earn this distinction because their written policies do not threaten student and faculty expression, according to FIRE's Spotlight database.
And in May, the Tennessee state legislature passed the Campus Free Speech Protection Act with overwhelming bipartisan support. It is the most comprehensive piece of legislation protecting free speech on college campuses ever passed in the country. In 2017, Colorado, Kentucky, Utah and most recently North Carolina also passed strong pieces of legislation that unlock more areas of campus for free expression.
“Would-be censors have become increasingly brazen,” said FIRE Executive Director Robert Shibley. “This presents a new challenge for civil liberties advocates and will require innovative solutions. Speakers at Middlebury, Berkeley, and Claremont McKenna were all successfully shut down last year by violent mobs. If free speech is to survive on campus, that cannot happen again this year.”
Students and faculty facing campus rights violations can contact FIRE through our easy-to-use case submission page.
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to defending liberty, freedom of speech, due process, academic freedom, legal equality, and freedom of conscience on America's college campuses.
CONTACT:
Daniel Burnett, Communications Manager, FIRE: 215-717-3473; media@thefire.org
Speech Speaks: Arrested Development's Mastermind Thinking Aloud
This month I had the opportunity to interview Speech from the music group, Arrested Development. This is the first part of a two-part interview in which Speech shares their views on a range of topics including music, black internationalism, politics, and religion.
Born Todd Thomas in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Speech started Arrested Development in 1987. Based in Georgia, the group became a pioneering force in the music world. Arrested Development received two Grammy Awards for the album, “3 years, 5 months and 2 days in the life of…” Their second album “Zingalamaduni” was met with critical acclaim and nominated for a Grammy. However, the group split five years after they had formed. After a much-needed break and time to regroup, Speech reemerged onto the scene and signed a solo record deal with EMI. They have released 5 solo albums since 1996–all of which have spawned Top 10 hit singles in Japan. Their album “Spiritual People” released in 2000 was certified Gold in Japan and awarded the Best Black Music Album of the year 2000 by ADLIB magazine. In 2000, Speech and Arrested Development began performing together again, delighting audiences all over the world with their positive and uplifting brand of hip hop. Their new albums “Changing the Narrative” and “This Was Never Home” are available on their website. Follow the band on Twitter @ADtheBand.”
Guy Emerson Mount: Thank you so much for agreeing to do this interview! I was a huge fan growing up and I'm sure I speak for many readers at Black Perspectives in saying that your work has been a significant touchstone in my intellectual development.
Speech: Thanks, that's great to hear.
Mount: One of the meta-projects of Black Perspectives is to expand the definition of who counts as ‘an intellectual.' Your artistry is clearly committed to the life of the mind. What does it mean to be an artist and a thinker?
Speech: I would say that all artists are thinkers and all thinkers are artists. Both fields are seeped in deep thought and powerful disciplines.
Mount: Agreed. Another core commitment of Black Perspectives is an analysis of black internationalism and diasporic exchange. Many readers are probably unaware of the fact that you are a huge deal in Japan. Far from “falling off” after Zingalamaduni in 1994, you have been busy the last two decades stretching the spatial limits of black thought across the Pacific. How do you read the Asian hip-hop scene and its interactions with black people and black culture?
Speech: It's fascinating! They are very appreciative of our culture and they are studious in striving to learn about it, imitate, and evangelize it. It's encouraging for us as American artists, because many of the Asian cultures really respect us more than we respect ourselves. They treat us with more care and awe than we do towards each other in America.
Mount: What's it like being black in Japan?
Speech: While I've never lived in Japan, from what I've heard while touring, it's great for men and jarring for women. Sexism is even more rampant there than it is here. Racially, I've had funny situations backstage where excited Japanese fans have come up to us and said, “We love Niggers!”
Mount: Whoa! Just a little problematic!
Speech: Yeah, but it was also hilarious because we knew by their faces and expressions that they meant absolutely no harm. They were simply going by the term that is used to describe us so much in contemporary rap music. And the language gap is such that many times they only understand general themes of rap music not the nuances. But I've always said that as rap has now grown up, it is even more important to create this extremely powerful music with purpose and not just acting as if we are only speaking to our “blocks” or “hoods.” We are projecting an image of us worldwide that can either work for our advancement or against it.
Mount: Good point. In the U.S. all we typically see about blackness in Asia is a handful of spectacular cases of appropriation, Asian people in blackface, or blatant anti-black racism. So it sounds like we might be missing a much deeper solidarity and affinity forming on the ground between black and Asian people through hip hop itself.
Speech: I think what we are missing is the deep emotional weapon we have at our disposal! Fela Kuti said, “Music is a weapon of the future.”
Mount: Shifting to more overt politics, I know that you have been an active supporter of both Black Lives Matter and Democratic party politics all while standing upon a more general black revolutionary platform in your music that is, in some ways, far to the Left of them both. As much as Pan-Africanism and Afrocentricity are clearly central to your thought you also make significant gestures in your music towards universalism, interracialism, and a class-based solidarity. How have your politics changed over time and where do you stand now vis-a-vis the current American political scene?
Speech: I used to speak about revolution even if the revolution resorted to aggressive violence. This included lyrics from “Give A Man A Fish“:
This government needs to be overthrown, brothers with their AK's and the 9mm's need to learn how to correctly shoot ‘em, save those rounds for a revolution, poor whites and blacks bum rushing the system.
Because of my Christian faith and my belief that there are spiritual ways to demolish strongholds, I no longer subscribe to violent aggression as something that I would support. However, for those that do subscribe to it, I still agree with what my lyrics say, namely, that violence and self-defense is one means to accomplish the revolution. Whether it be songs like, “United Minds,” “Shell,” “Raining Revolution,” or “Give a Man a Fish.”
Mount: What's the state of the revolution as you see it today and where are the openings for black activists and thinkers to the best advance your vision for social change?
Speech: The revolution is about fundamental change! We as a people throughout the diaspora must focus on unity of purpose—the purpose being self-determination and setting aside for the sake of unity the things that divide us (i.e., religion, class, etc.); create dependable information vehicles for our purpose to thrive (i.e. news shows, entertainment, business and culture vehicles); and 3) pool our resources together (i.e. support our own businesses financially, circulate our talents for collective growth, pool our natural resources together, world wide).
Mount: I agree provided, of course, we don't end up defending capitalism or supporting something like #BankBlack uncritically. I know I would definitely classify your music as anti-capitalist and in listening to your recent TED talk you state that in a world of empty consumerism “[m]y spirit taught me that purpose lies in the glorious fields. Creating new narratives with vast possibilities and roads that have yet to be traveled.” Your new album is also titled “Changing The Narrative” and you describe it as “changing the topic of discussion from living the American Dream to being awake from it.” This theme of the master narrative of American history harkens me to Ta-Nehisi Coates's critique of the “Dreamers.” Why do you think acknowledging the nightmare of the American dream is so traumatic for these Dreamers?
Speech: I think because it's a deeply dark, grotesque, and traumatic history. And yet refusing to acknowledge it is like refusing to look at yourself in the mirror. It is from this beautiful and bloody history that we arrive at today, it's a necessary journey for healing. The sole barrier is lack of priority. We are double-minded in our purpose. We love to wallow in oppression when the oppression is sheer materialism, the worship of money, the love of decadence or the love of pleasure but we hate oppression when some of us are murdered or imprisoned by that same system. When the system gives a few of us wealth, many of us cling to the dream of having that wealth as well, instead of seeing the system as manipulating us. We still believe that the system had us in mind when it promised, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness and in due time it will make its way to us all.
Mount: In your TED talk you also state that “My life, my music, it would always explore these alternatives and celebrate the unseen. The unseen tomorrows. The possible heavens on earth that we can create.” I see these statements, and your music, arguing for a cautious but enduring belief in an empowering brand of hopefulness. How do you square your hopefulness with your commitment to ‘The Struggle,' as Coates calls it, even when you know full well the dangers of an overly-romantic hope-based teleology? Can we ever escape the passivity that hope so often engenders? Do we even need hope as a touchstone for empowerment at all or is there another way that we can access that power without all the baggage? Is there a way to salvage hope from its own hegemony?
Speech: I believe hope is the only thing that matters as long as it is fortified with action. Hope alone, like faith, is dead without deeds. I believe hopeless activism is an oxymoron.
Copyright © AAIHS. May not be reprinted without permission
Anton leaves QPR by mutual consent... on the SAME day as Rio celebrates 10 years at Man United
Anton Ferdinand has left Queens Park Rangers by mutual consent, on the same day as their brother Rio celebrates 10 years at Manchester United.
The 28-year-old, who spent the second half of last season on loan at at Turkish club Bursaspor, is free to find another club.
It brings an end to a turbulent time at Loftus Road for the central defender, who was deemed surplus to requirements by Harry Redknapp two months after their arrival following the sacking of Mark Hughes.
Free move: Anton Ferdinand has signed for Turkish side Antalyaspor
On-field problems: John Terry was found guilty of racially abusing Ferdinand in 2011
John Terry was found guilty of racially abusing them in 2011, but the former England Under-21 international wasn't the same after according to ex-Rangers boss Neil Warnock.
Ferdinand, who has played in the Premier League for Sunderland and West Ham United, made 49 appearances for Rangers since joining them in 2011.
And the news comes 24 hours prior to Rio enjoying a testimonial for Man United against Sevilla at Old Trafford, with the pair having contrasting careers since starting at West Ham.
Rio has recently published a book, named 'Rio: My Decade as a Red' and conducted a signing for supporters on Thursday.
Book launch: Rio Ferdinand has documented their 10 years at Manchester United
With my dad visiting from New Zealand, and arriving late from their flight, we needed to get some takeaways quick.
We were both feeling in the mood for Chinese food and, being new to Dundee, I didn't really know where the best spots were. So we took a chance with the Magic Chef on Lochee Road.
They had some good options for meals for two which gave the added bonus of us getting more than we hoped for.
Our meal cost £19.50 and we got to choose from a range of dishes.
For the mains we chose pork with bamboo shoots and water cress. This had a nice taste and was very mild. The pork was tender and in slices.
The other main was Mongolian beef, which was a bit spicier but not overbearing. It had a mix of vegetables.
The real bonus was the soup, of which we got two — a tofu and a seafood. They were piping hot and lovely. The meal also came with noodles and rice.
A very good value meal and perfect for two.
Magic Chef, 112 Lochee Road, Dundee, DD1 5RG.
According to a report in Monday's edition of the German daily "Süddeutsche Zeitung," refugees and migrants who need additional training to get their associate degrees recognized in Germany may not be entitled to get paid the country's minimum wage.
The newspaper referred to a document drawn up jointly by the Labor, Finance and Education Ministries.
It said the time needed for migrants to obtain required qualifications should be treated as a compulsory traineeship, which in turn would entitle them to receive corresponding trainee allowances, but no minimum wage.
Emotional issue
The report came as the minimum wage in Germany rose by 34 eurocents to 8.84 euros ($9.30) per hour as of January 1, 2017.
The introduction of a minimum wage of 8.50 euros across all sectors in 2015 triggered fierce political debates, which are still lingering on.
Germany's Social Democrats and trade unions hailed the new legislation as a victory for more social justice, and as a crucial move to curb poverty.
By contrast, employers' associations and some economic think tanks in Germany predicted the introduction of a minimum wage would cost tens of thousands of jobs and make it harder for long-term unemployed people to re-enter the domestic job market.
Last December, a labor expert from the Cologne Institute for Economic Research (IW), Christoph Schröder, said the minimum wage law had not been good for the economy, citing "negative employment effects" and claiming, based on an economic model, that without a minimum wage in place, 60,000 additional jobs could have been created in the past few years.
However, the Institute for Employment Research (IAB), a research unit of the German Federal Employment Agency, found that the fears of negative effects on job numbers propagated by employers' associations ahead of the introduction of the minimum wage in January 2015 had not materialized.
In August 2016, IAB published a report saying that in 2015, despite the new minimum wage, a net total of 426,000 new jobs had been created, and 103,000 people who had previously been employed only as transient low-paid workers on zero-hours contracts had converted to regular salaried contracts - a substantive increase in job security.
hg/nz (Reuters, dpa)
Initially aimed at the deaf and hard-of-hearing community, the gloves could
For people living in a world without sound, sign language can make sure their points of view are heard.
But outside of the deaf and hard-of-hearing communities, this gesture-based language can lose its meaning.
Now a pair of entrepreneurial technology students in the US has designed a pair of gloves to break down the communication barriers, by translating hand gestures into speech.
Scroll down for video
US inventors have designed a pair of gloves, called 'SignAloud', which translate the gestures of sign language to spoken English. The gloves (pictured) use embedded sensors to monitor the position and movement of the user's hands, while a central computer analyses the data and converts gestures to speech
Called 'SignAloud', the gloves use embedded sensors to monitor the position and movement of the user's hands.
Using this information, the gloves transmit the data via Bluetooth to a computer which analyses the movements and checks them against a library of gestures.
The system is based on machine learning algorithms that learn from a catalogue of signing examples.
In practice, if a hand gesture is a match then the appropriate sound is spoken by the computerised voice through a speaker.
In a demonstration video, inventors Thomas Pryor and Navid Azodi can be seen signing with the gloves, while a computerised voice translates the movements, saying: 'Hello, my name is Thomas and this is Navid. We are inventors in the Lemelson-MIT Student Prize competition.'
In a demonstration video (still pictured), inventors and students at the University of Washington Thomas Pryor (left) and Navid Azodi (right) can be seen signing with the gloves, while a computerised voice translates the hand gestures to spoken English
HOW DOES SIGNALOUD WORK? 'SignAloud' uses embedded sensors in a pair of gloves to monitor the position and movement of the user's hands. The information is transmitted via Bluetooth to a PC that analyses the movements and checks them against a library of hand gestures. Using machine learning algorithms the system learns from a catalogue of examples of sign language. In practice, if a hand gesture is a match then the appropriate sound is spoken by the computerised voice through a speaker.
The two University of Washington students recently picked up the $10,000 (£6,920) top prize for their innovative design, which currently translates from American Sign Language to English.
'Many of the sign language translation devices already out there are not practical for everyday use. Some use video input, while others have sensors that cover the user's entire arm or body,' explained Pryor.
'Our gloves are lightweight, compact and worn on the hands, but ergonomic enough to use as an everyday accessory, similar to hearing aids or contact lenses.'
According to the team, the primary audience for the device is the deaf and hard-of-hearing community and those interested in learning and working with American Sign Language.
However, the designers believe the gloves could find uses in other fields, such as monitoring stroke patients during their rehabilitation, or for gesture control and improved dexterity with virtual reality technology.
The two University of Washington students recently picked up the $10,000 (£6,920) top prize for their innovative design (pictured), which currently translates from American Sign Language to English
Other groups have been working on similar technology.
In 2012, researchers in Ukraine were awarded first prize in the Microsoft Imagine Cup for a similar gesture to speech system.
Called EnableTalk, the concept design used sensors in gloves and a mobile device to translate the hand gestures.
More recently a collaborative group from New Zealand and Malaysia showed progress on a sign to text program which translated gestures from Malaysian Sign Language to multiple languages.
In 2014, the team behind the Automatic Sign Language Translator (ASLT) said its early stage technology could be economical enough for mass production and for use on mobile devices.
A man tries to rescue an oil soaked bird (Lara Cooper/Noozhawk.com via Reuters)
California Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for Santa Barbara County late Wednesday after an onshore pipeline burst, spewing thousands of gallons of crude oil into the Pacific Ocean — blackening beaches and endangering West Coast wildlife. The area, a popular camping spot some 20 miles from Santa Barbara, known for its palm-tree-lined seashore and pristine surf, has been “closed indefinitely.” The extent of the damage is not known.
A pipeline that carries oil from an onshore facility to refineries ruptured Tuesday, leaking for hours into a culvert under a highway and into a storm drain that led to the ocean near the Refugio State Beach. A control room operator noticed “abnormalities” in the line and shut it down, according to the Los Angeles Times. Firefighters responded to reports of a gasoline smell.
Texas-based oil company Plains All American Pipeline said up to 105,000 gallons of crude oil may have leaked out — up to 21,000 gallons of which may have spilled into the sea.
“It's important to remember this stretch of California coastline is unique to the world. It's beautiful and pristine,” Santa Barbara County Supervisor Doreen Farr said, according to NBC Los Angeles. “This is more than an inconvenience. This is just a disaster. We are taking it very seriously.”
1 of 19 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Oil spill stains coast in central California View Photos Environmental crews are working to contain thousands of gallons of fuel that have covered a beach near Santa Barbara. Caption Environmental crews are working to contain thousands of gallons of fuel that have covered a beach near Santa Barbara. May 21, 2015 Workers cleaning up an oil spill prepare a containment boom at Refugio State Beach, north of Goleta, Calif. More than 7,700 gallons of oil have been raked, skimmed and vacuumed from the spill, which stretched across nine miles of California coast, just a fraction of what escaped from a broken pipeline, officials said. Jae C. Hong/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[Smaller Santa Barbara County oil spill still brings back memories of 1969]
It's the same site that saw a massive spill in 1969 when a Union Oil drilling rig had a blowout. It was estimated that as much as 4.2 million gallons may have leaked out, causing severe ecological damage that ignited the modern environmental movement — which led to the first Earth Day the following year.
[Would Earth Day's creator have celebrated this Earth Day?]
Officials in California have begun cleanup and damage assessment operations after a ruptured pipeline spread some 21,000 gallons of oil onto beaches and into the ocean near Santa Barbara. (Reuters)
On Wednesday, cleanup crews in protective gear combed beaches for black tar and put down protective booms in the ocean to keep it from spreading. The coast is home to two endangered birds, the snowy plover and the least tern, both of which forage for food there. Seals, sea lions and whales also live nearby. So far, the spill has created two slicks that span some nine miles along their habitat.
[Oil slicks spread 9 miles off California central coastline]
Some on social media have started sharing photos of the spill using the hashtag #SantaBarbaraOilSpill. One journalist posted a picture on Twitter of a pelican covered in tar.
It's one of the most harrowing things I've seen—an oil-drenched pelican struggling for its life #SantaBarbaraOilSpill pic.twitter.com/J8ghC3FHnG — Scott London (@scottlondon) May 20, 2015
On Wednesday, biologists were counting dead fish along the shore where students from Santa Barbara City College were carrying away buckets of black goo.
The emergency proclamation will free up federal funds to help with cleanup. Brown said in a statement it “cuts red tape and helps the state quickly mobilize all available resources.” The state is preparing to send out six boom boats, three 65-foot collection vessels and cleanup crews, the governor said.
“We will do everything necessary to protect California's coastline,” they added.
[BP oil spill is sending the record number of dolphins to watery graves, scientists say]
Officials have also closed both Refugio State Beach and El Capitan State Beach to keep Memorial Day vacationers away from the oil-soaked scene. And the state's Department of Fish and Wildlife canceled fishing and shellfish harvesting.
“It smells like what they use to pave the roads,” Fan Yang of Indianapolis told the Associated Press. “I'm sad for the birds — if they lose their habitat.”
It is not yet clear why the pipeline ruptured, and the extent of its damage is still unknown. It was running at full capacity — a rate of about 2,000 barrels an hour. Plains Pipeline said the pipeline was inspected in 2012 and showed no issues. It was tested again two weeks ago, though those results have not yet been released.
Late Wednesday night, the Los Angeles Times published a report saying Plains Pipeline has racked up more than 175 safety and maintenance violations.
“A Times analysis of data from the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration shows Plains' rate of incidents per mile of pipe is more than three times the national average,” according to the newspaper. “Among more than 1,700 pipeline operators listed in a database maintained by the federal agency, only four companies reported more infractions than Plains Pipeline.”
“The company's infractions involved pump failure, equipment malfunction, pipeline corrosion and operator error,” the newspaper added. “None of the incidents resulted in injuries. According to federal records, since 2006 the company's incidents caused more than $23 million in property damage and spilled more than 688,000 gallons of hazardous liquid.”
The company did not comment on the Los Angeles Times' findings, but it released a statement earlier in the week.
“Plains deeply regrets this release has occurred and is making every effort to limit its environmental impact,” it said. “Our focus remains on ensuring the safety of all involved. No injuries have been reported at this time.”
Federal regulators have started investigating the incident along with state law enforcement authorities who are looking for possible criminal prosecution or possible civil liability, according to the Associated Press.
Sony's Morpheus VR Headset for PS4 Has Three Different Processors, Could Still Get an OLED Screen
Giuseppe Nelva March 21, 2014 6:16:53 PM EST
The official spec sheet of the prototype of Sony's Project Morpheus virtual reality headset mentions the “processor unit” that we've seen in the form of a black box cabled between the PS4 and the headset itself. SCE Worldwide Studios President Shuhei Yoshida and Senior Director Richard Marks explained exactly what it does in an interview with the Japanese website 4Gamer.
The unit contains three separate processors: a Digital Sound Processor (DSP), a Frame Rate Conversion (FRC) unit and a third chip to correct lens distortion.
The DSP generates the three dimensional sound for the headset. Its presence in the retail version of the headset is not final, as it's possible to use the internal DSP of the PS4.
The FRC unit effectively doubles the frame rate by creating an interpolation frame between each frame. Basically it analyzes the correlation between the past frame and the present frame of the rendering and creates the appropriate frame between them, converting 60 frames per second into 120. It's crucial in reducing the afterimage effect of the LCD panel.
The third processor is dedicated to correct the distortion caused by passing the image through a magnifying optical system built into the headset. Both this and the FRC unit are not final, and it's undecided if they'll make it to the retail unit, as it's possible to offload their tasks to the GPU of the PS4.
Yoshida-san also mentioned that the LCD used with Project Morpheus is an especially made panel that isn't the common vertical scan type, but a horizontal scan type that is much faster at updating horizontally adjacent pixels with a side scrolling image, and can dramatically reduce the afterimage effect of the picture.
The possibility to use an OLED screen is being examined, but a final decision between the two options for the retail version hasn't been taken yet.
The players from the NSW Junior Indigenous Rugby League team will wear specially designed jerseys during November's Tour, with the image of sun rays representing the Indigenous soldiers that fought and died on the battlefields during World War I.
Tour coordinator Steve Hall told SBS that they had received permission off the immigration department to take soil over there to “sprinkle on the graves”.
The team has been invited by the Mayor of Villers-Bretonneux to lay wreaths on Armistice Day during their tour. They'll then play a double header against French teams on the Somme, the first time that's ever happened.
It's a trip of a lifetime for the 34 players, who will take in Paris, Nice, Monte Carlo, Barcelona and Rome.
There's a trip to Euro Disney and the AIS European HQ in Italy, but the chance to pay their respects is high on the agenda.
Player Jake Gillett told SBS that “having the hundred years [of Anzac] also represented on our jerseys, it's a big thing”.
The team will be ambassadors of Indigenous culture, having been chosen not just for their Rugby League skills but also their community leadership.
St. Paul
Council considering pedestrian safety position
On the same day a driver struck and killed a 78-year-old man, St. Paul city leaders were considering funding for a pedestrian safety advocate.
Ker Par, who was killed Wednesday, was the fourth pedestrian to die in a St. Paul traffic accident this year. As of Oct. 28, there had been 143 crashes in the city involving pedestrians and 112 involving cyclists.
The proposed safety advocate would focus on reducing pedestrian crashes and improving the city's walkability, according to city documents. The advocate would work on city plans such as the Citywide Safe Routes to School, as well as community outreach.
The City Council will hold a public hearing this week on a $50,000 McKnight Foundation grant that would help pay for the position, to be matched with city funds.
The Public Works Department has budgeted $108,972 for the job in 2017.
Jessie Van Berkel
St. Paul
Thompson Hall for the deaf marks centennial
Charles Thompson Memorial Hall, a longtime social hub for deaf people from the Twin Cities and the state, celebrated its 100th anniversary during festivities Friday and Saturday.
The Friday ceremony drew Gallaudet University President Roberta Cordano, St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman, Patrick Coleman of the Minnesota Historical Society, the Thompson Hall board of trustees and descendants of the Thompson family.
Thompson Hall, at 1824 Marshall Av. in St. Paul, opened its doors for the first time on Nov. 5, 1916. Margaret Brooks Thompson donated the building and a supporting endowment to the deaf community of Minnesota for use as free space to gather for social purposes. They gave the building as a memorial to their husband, Charles, who like them was deaf.
The building was designed by architect Olof Hanson, widely regarded as the nation's first deaf architect. Hanson and Charles Thompson were classmates at the Minnesota State Academy for the Deaf. In 2012, the hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
James Walsh
Burnsville
Contaminated debris delays project, closes park
Construction of a stormwater treatment system at Burnsville's Keller Lake was halted late last month after crews unearthed debris containing asbestos and other contaminants.
Crews were excavating for the stormwater system Oct. 27 when they came across buried construction materials including concrete and lumber. Testing showed the materials, believed to date back to the 1960s, contained asbestos and other petroleum-based contaminants, according to a news release last week.
According to an agenda report for Monday's City Council meeting, the cost of cleanup and project changes is expected to be more than $200,000.
Part of Crystal Beach Park, located at 1101 Crystal Lake Road, will be closed until the site can be cleaned.
The debris has been covered with poly sheeting in keeping with state guidelines and does not pose a risk to the public if left undisturbed, according to the release.
The city is planning to hire a certified contractor to clean up the debris, and officials are hoping the cleanup process — which is expected to take about a week — will start by next week.
Emma Nelson
MINNEAPOLIS
City invests $8 million in affordable housing
Minneapolis leaders allocated nearly $8 million Friday to build and preserve affordable housing in the city.
The City Council approved the funding for eight projects scattered around the city. In total, it will create 539 new units and preserve another 30.
The largest project this round, by affordable units, was Bunge Apartments. That project will convert the Bunge grain elevator in the Como area into 150 affordable apartments.
The city's affordable housing trust fund has helped with the construction of more than 7,000 affordable housing units in Minneapolis between 2005 and 2015, according to a city report. The money is generally a mix of city and federal funds.
Eric Roper
It's perhaps the most poignant moment in Utopia. London-based Pilger returns to outback Australia for this documentary film to find little has changed since their 1985 work The Secret Country. The Utopia of the title refers to the Northern Territory region north of Alice Springs. There are the same shacks, the same lack of basic services and the same diseases. "I was shocked all over again," Pilger tells AAP.
"It's not that I expected a great deal of change. But to fly from a rich metropolis like Sydney, in what is now one of the richest countries on the planet, and drive into impoverished communities deprived of the basic services that the majority of Australians take for granted, is shocking." Pilger, 74, sees a treaty and genuine land rights as the key to improving the position of the original owners of Australia. Anything less, including the current talk of constitutional recognition, is simply a "distraction", they say. The film opened in the United Kingdom in mid-November and screens in Sydney on January 17. Subsequent limited dates include Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Alice Springs.
Pilger would have been delighted to show Utopia in Australia first but no local distributor offered a cinema run. "One Australian distributor refused to take the film because they said it was 'too dark' and 'it might upset people with its myth-busting'," the veteran journalist says. The film was commissioned by ITV in Britain and funded entirely in the UK. Pilger doesn't pull any punches in Utopia. They ask Warren Snowden, then indigenous health minister and a Labor MP in the Northern Territory for 23 years, "Why haven't you fixed it?"
Snowden, who has already admitted government policy has failed for at least 50 years, hits back stating: "What a stupid question. What a puerile question." But Pilger doesn't apologise for taking such an uncompromising view. "Unlike the US, Canada and New Zealand, no treaty was ever negotiated between the lawful owners of Australia and those who took their land," they say. "International law is clear - there has to be a treaty. "If the Australian political establishment believes it can continue to look the other way and deny the first Australians their basic rights they are seriously mistaken." Britain's left-leaning Guardian newspaper found that watching Utopia "was like being smacked about with a sledgehammer".
Pilger certainly can't be accused of being too nuanced. For example, they criticise tourists staying at the Alice Springs resort even though it provides some employment to indigenous people. Asked whether such ventures can't play a role in improving living conditions, Pilger shoots back: "Then why hasn't it?" There's not a lot that is genuinely new in this film but it provides a thorough overview, from the Gurindji strike through to the NT intervention and Kevin Rudd's apology which Pilger describes as "largely a media event". Pilger reminds the viewer that Bob Hawke in the 1980s walked away from genuine land rights in the face of a racist scare campaign from the mining industry. They draw parallels with Julia Gillard's decision to fold on Labor's mining tax in 2010. "The revenue lost is estimated at $60 billion," the director says in the film. "Enough to fund land rights and to end Aboriginal poverty."
Utopia also documents a new stolen generation with the ongoing removal of Aboriginal babies from their mothers. "This was one of the film's major investigations," Pilger tells AAP. "The theft is now higher than at any time in the last century." In mid-1997 there were 2785 Aboriginal children in out-of-home care across Australia. By mid-2012 there were 13,299 - almost a five-fold increase. The filmmaker notes the NT government spent $80 million in one year removing children but just $500,000 supporting impoverished families. Child abuse is one of the rationales for taking children away, yet the NT has one of the lowest rates of reported child abuse in Australia, Pilger says.
They argue Australians shouldn't still need educating about the plight of indigenous Australia, but if they do they hope Utopia helps. "Utopia tells them the truth," they say. "If people choose to ignore the research and evidence in this film then their prejudice is unshakeable." Nannup is bewildered that tourists visiting Rottnest Island can stay in a former prison - the entire island was a Aboriginal penal colony for almost a century from 1838 - and know nothing of its black history. But a white tour guide at the Australian War Memorial provides a succinct analysis of what might really be going on.
"I don't know why we don't embrace that history," they say when Pilger asks why the frontier wars aren't commemorated in Canberra. "Maybe we're not overly proud of that history." Utopia is on limited released in Australia from January 17. Details at utopiajohnpilger.co.uk AAP
