STEPHENVILLE, Tex. — Jake and Dorothy's Cafe opened in 1948, four decades before Art Briles came to town and helped change football with an offense that would, appropriately, spread from central Texas to the N.F.L.
They stopped in every Friday with their assistants and ordered the lunch special, chicken fried steak and waffle fries, or chicken fries for short. They always sat at the same long table, in the back, farthest from the smoking section.
Jake and Dorothy's, with its $1 burger night on Tuesdays and buttermilk pie made from scratch, still feels transplanted from an earlier time. Back before ESPN became ubiquitous, back when high school football teams across America, but especially in Texas, ran the football straight ahead. That a disciple of the spread, an innovator of modern offense, spent a decade here, in the so-called Cowboy Capital of the World, is quite the contrast, but then again, that is Art Briles, down home and futuristic all at once.
“Oh, I miss those days,” Kerry Roach, the daughter of Jake and Dorothy, said this week of Briles's time in Stephenville. “It was all about them and that offense.”
Saying it's “time to act”, a group of Chicago aldermen, along with advocacy groups, low-wage workers and community members, are backing a set of city referendums on the March 18 ballot calling for a higher minimum wage.
All eight members of the City Council's Progressive Reform Coalition, along with Aldermen Joe Moreno (1), Will Burns (4) and Jason Ervin (28), are backing the measure. Last year, a coalition of advocacy groups worked to place a non-binding referendum on the March ballot to establish a minimum wage in Chicago.
The referendum asks if the city should require a minimum wage of $15 per hour for employees of companies with an annual gross revenue in excess of $50 million.
Together, the aldermen and advocates argue that a higher wage is needed for working families to survive on the kinds of minimum wage jobs that prevalent throughout the economy and are often the primary or only option for workers.
Rauner Flip Flops on Minimum Wage Idea
Bruce Rauner found themselves in the middle of a firestorm of their own making Wednesday. MaryAnn Ahern reports. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2014)
Currently, a full-time minimum wageworker in Chicago only earns $17,000 a year, while a majority of Chicago's low-wage workers are over the age of 30 and over half live in households receiving all of their income from low-wage jobs, according to a 2012 report by the Women Employed and Action Now Institute.
Progressive Reform Coalition member Alderman Bob Fioretti (2) says raising the minimum wage is long overdue, and it's time to give workers an opportunity to earn a living wage.
“This referendum on the minimum wage is so important because it's finally sparking the citywide conversation about tackling growing inequality and poverty that we're seeing,” Fioretti told Ward Room. “The current minimum wage is keeping too many Chicago residents in poverty, and that has widespread negative impacts for the entire city.”
Workers Fight for Increase in Minimum Wage
Hundreds of workers say they can't live on the $8.25/hour they're currently earning. Anthony Ponce reports. (Published Wednesday, April 24, 2013)
In a statement, Katelyn Johnson, Executive Director of Action Now which is spearheading the city referendum campaign, put the focus on the large corporations that often earn a billion in profits each year yet argue that a higher minimum wage is unsustainable.
“Demanding major multi-billion dollar corporations, such as McDonald's and Walmart, to pay their workers $15 an hour is a real opportunity to support low-wage workers and their families, to lift thousands of Chicagoans out of poverty, and to boost Illinois' economy by strengthening our small businesses,” they said in a statement.
Community organizations supporting the referendum include Action Now, Grassroots Collaborative's “Take Back Chicago” Campaign, SEIU Healthcare Illinois and others.
Quinn Continues Push for Minimum Wage Hike
The Chicago Democrat, who campaigned on the idea in 2010 and mentioned it in their State of the State address in February, told congregants at a Chicago church that raising the minimum wage from $8.25 to $10 is a way to provide fair wages. (Published Monday, Sept. 2, 2013)
The Progressive Reform Coalition includes Aldermen Fioretti, Roderick Sawyer (6), Leslie Hairston (5), Toni Foukes (15), Ricardo Munoz (22), Scott Waguespack (32), Nick Sposato (36) and John Arena (45).
The non-binding referendum will appear on the March ballot in 103 precincts in 20 Chicago wards across the city. A press conference will be held Thursday at 10:00 a.m. at the Chicago Temple, 77 W. Washington.
Jim Urquhart / Reuters About 215 of the 360 members of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir are expected to sing at Donald Trump's presidential inauguration on Jan. 20.
A Mormon who said their “heart sank” when they heard that the church's beloved Tabernacle Choir will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration has launched a petition to urge the group not to go to Washington, D.C.
“I love the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The thought of this choir and Mormonism being forever associated with a man who disparages minorities, brags about their sexual control of women, encourages intolerance and traffics in hate speech and bullying, was unacceptable,” Randall Thacker said in a statement. “I immediately knew there were probably thousands of people who felt the same way, so I created the space on Change.org for like-minded Mormons and their friends to share their feelings.”
About 215 of the choir's 360 members are expected to perform at the inauguration, church officials have told The Salt Lake City Tribune.
By Thursday evening, nearly 19,000 people had signed the petition, which is seeking 25,000 signatures. The petition urges the Mormon Tabernacle Choir not to perform for an “incoming president who has demonstrated sexist, racist, misogynistic, and xenophobic behavior that does not align with the principles and teachings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.”
Most of the signatures are from LDS members around the world, according to Thacker, a lifelong member of the church.
The petition also encourages people to call and write the church to give their reasons for signing. Several mentions that Trump's values are incompatible with Mormonism or that the church should never become associated with politics. One quips: Conservative rocker “Ted Nugent and the choir? I don't think so!” Another writes: “Horrible values. Separation of church and state. Pay your taxes.”
Gina Colvin, an LDS scholar and Maori writer in New Zealand, told the Tribune that the choir's planned participation in the inauguration “speaks to me of how little moral care the church has for the international cultural and political diversity of our church.”
Thacker and other supporters plan to personally deliver the petition to the choir and church officials in the coming week, reports the Utah Standard-Examiner.
There was no immediate comment from Trump.
The Greenhouse George test early fireball.
Upshot–Knothole Grable test (film)
A nuclear explosion is an explosion that occurs as a result of the rapid release of energy from a high-speed nuclear reaction. The driving reaction may be nuclear fission or nuclear fusion or a multi-stage cascading combination of the two, though to date all fusion-based weapons have used a fission device to initiate fusion, and a pure fusion weapon remains a hypothetical device.
Atmospheric nuclear explosions are associated with mushroom clouds, although mushroom clouds can occur with large chemical explosions. It is possible to have an air-burst nuclear explosion without those clouds. Nuclear explosions produce radiation and radioactive debris.
History [ edit ]
The first man made nuclear explosion occurred on July 16, 1945 at 5:50 am on the Trinity Test Site near Alamogordo, New Mexico in the United States, an area now known as the White Sands Missile Range.[1][2] The event involved the full-scale testing of an implosion-type fission atomic bomb. In a memorandum to the U.S. Secretary of War, General Leslie Groves describes the yield as equivalent to 15,000 to 20,000 tons of TNT.[3] Following this test, a uranium-gun type nuclear bomb (Little Boy) was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945, with a blast yield of 15 kilotons; and a plutonium implosion-type bomb (Fat Man) on Nagasaki on August 9, 1945, with a blast yield of 21 kilotons. In the years following World War II, eight countries have conducted nuclear tests with 2475 devices fired in 2120 tests.[4]
In 1963, the United States, Soviet Union, and United Kingdom signed the Limited Test Ban Treaty, pledging to refrain from testing nuclear weapons in the atmosphere, underwater, or in outer space. The treaty permitted underground tests. Many other non-nuclear nations acceded to the Treaty following its entry into force; however, two nuclear weapons states have not acceded: France, China[citation needed]
The primary application to date has been military (i.e. nuclear weapons), and the remainder of explosions includes the following:
Nuclear pulse propulsion, including using a nuclear explosion as asteroid deflection strategy.
Power generation; see PACER
Peaceful nuclear explosions
Nuclear weapons [ edit ]
Only two nuclear weapons have been deployed in combat—both by the United States against Japan in World War II. The first event occurred on the morning of 6 August 1945, when the United States Army Air Forces dropped a uranium gun-type device, code-named "Little Boy", on the city of Hiroshima, killing 70,000 people, including 20,000 Japanese combatants and 20,000 Korean slave laborers. The second event occurred three days later when the United States Army Air Forces dropped a plutonium implosion-type device, code-named "Fat Man", on the city of Nagasaki. It killed 39,000 people, including 27,778 Japanese munitions employees, 2,000 Korean slave laborers, and 150 Japanese combatants. In total, around 109,000 people were killed in these bombings. (See Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki for a full discussion). Nuclear weapons are largely seen as a 'deterrent' by most governments; the sheer scale of the destruction caused by a nuclear weapon has prevented serious consideration of their use in warfare, rendering the concept of total war completely useless.[citation needed]
Nuclear testing [ edit ]
Since the Trinity test and excluding the combat use of nuclear weapons, humankind (those few nations with capability) has detonated roughly 1,700 nuclear explosions, all but 6 as tests. Of these, six were peaceful nuclear explosions. Nuclear tests are experiments carried out to determine the effectiveness, yield and explosive capability of nuclear weapons. Throughout the 20th century, most nations that have developed nuclear weapons had a staged test of them. Testing nuclear weapons can yield information about how the weapons work, as well as how the weapons behave under various conditions and how structures behave when subjected to a nuclear explosion. Additionally, nuclear testing has often been used as an indicator of scientific and military strength, and many tests have been overtly political in their intention; most nuclear weapons states publicly declared their nuclear status by means of a nuclear test.
Effects of nuclear explosions [ edit ]
The dominant effects of a nuclear weapon (the blast and thermal radiation) are the same physical damage mechanisms as conventional explosives, but the energy produced by a nuclear explosive is millions of times more per gram and the temperatures reached are in the tens of megakelvin. Nuclear weapons are quite different from conventional weapons because of the huge amount of explosive energy they can put out and the different kinds of effects they make, like high temperatures and nuclear radiation.
The devastating impact of the explosion does not stop after the initial blast, as with conventional explosives. A cloud of nuclear radiation travels from the epicenter of the explosion, causing an impact to life forms even after the heat waves have ceased.
Any nuclear explosion (or nuclear war) would have wide-ranging, long-term, catastrophic effects. Radioactive contamination would cause genetic mutations and cancer across many generations.[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Yesterday, we learned that the terms Apple set for the new iAd platform to be introduced with iOS4 were designed in such a way that many of Apple's competitors – including Google – are excluded from eligibility. Specifically, the terms say that you cannot serve ads that would collect usage data unless you're a third-party ad agency.
That would now exclude Google's newly-acquired AdMob, among other potential servers such as Microsoft and RIM who – by chance – just happen to be some of Apple's competitors on more fronts than one.
Federal regulators are wary of this being unfair, however, and they're set to investigate whether or not Apple has the right to do such a thing. Whether or not they do remains to be seen, but at least Google's being given a fair chance after the loopholes they had to get through to acquire AdMob in the first place.
[Financial Times via All Things D]
Workers over age 50 would no longer be able to make catch-up contributions on a pretax basis to their retirement plans under a new amendment to the GOP's Senate version of the tax bill.
Orrin G. Hatch, chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee, filed the amendment to the bill on Monday.
The full text of the bill is here, and amendments are here.
This amendment would permit workers over age 50 to contribute up to an additional $9,000 each year to their retirement plans, but it would require that these contributions be made to Roth accounts. Those are accounts where taxes are paid upfront.
Currently, employees over age 50 can contribute up to $6,000 in additional savings each year to their 401(k) plan and do so on a pretax basis. That's on top of the current annual $18,000 limit.
You know that effect in some videos where objects moving in the scene leave a trail of their old position?
It is usually called “echo effect” or “trail effect” or “motion trail”, some examples of it are:
Effects like this are normally created in post-production: isolating in some way the objects which will leave the trail, most of the time recording with a green-screen, and then messing around with frames.
However, since I am too lazy to be an artist, I tried to re-create it automatically and in real-time using some computer vision to isolate the moving objects.
opencv_trail_effect is an experiment using OpenCV to draw a trail after performing foreground segmentation.
Segmentation in opencv_trail_effect can do using either thresholding or background subtraction.
A few conditions are required to create a decent effect:
the camera should not move; the lighting in the scene should be quite stable (when doing background subtraction it is recommended to disable auto-gain in the camera, and avoid any artifact introduced by the power line frequency); the subject should enter the scene only after the background learning phase has finished, i.e. after opencv_trail_effect has shown the preview window.
Examples of use
The effect in “Blame It On The Boogie” could be described as a short faded trail and can be achieved with this command line:
$ ./opencv_trail_effect -l 12 -s background -d fadeaccumulate
The effect in “WTF?” is equivalent to an infinite trail in which the isolated foreground is copied on the background and stays there, it can be achieved with this command line:
$ ./opencv_trail_effect -l -1 -s background -d copy
The effect in “L'Anima Vola” seems to have a “catch-up” behavior; that one can be done by drawing the trail in reverse, with this command line:
$ ./opencv_trail_effect -l 30 -s background -d copy -r
Another effect seen in movies can be obtained by doing the average of the frames in the trail, possibly with the most recent frame drawn on top:
$ ./opencv_trail_effect -l 10 -s background -d average -B
Here is a video showing the examples from above:
I am thinking about making this effect more widely available in open source video frameworks, like GStreamer, maybe via frei0r which GStreamer can already use.
I see that there is already a Light Graffiti effect in frei0r and the trail effect can be seen as a generalization of it, so maybe some code can be shared.
Any suggestion, or help, is welcome.
Side note
These effects can bring to mind other cool effects in music videos, like the frame shuffling effect in Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer, that one can be done with the nervousTV plugin from effectv or frei0r, for example via GStreamer with:
$ gst-launch-1.0 -v v4l2src ! videoconvert ! frei0r-filter-nervous ! videoconvert ! autovideosink
Which could be fun to use in video calls too, but this is another story.
Publishing is a whole bunch of different businesses flying in loose formation; which is by way of saying that this particular topic is specific to commercial fiction publishing and has nothing to do with text books, technical reference manuals, autobiographies, or cookbooks.
Back in the mid to late Victorian period, when books were frequently printed and sold as weekly serials, in chapter-sized magazines that could be bound together, the length of a book was really dictated by the author's (and printer's) stamina. In contrast, as I mentioned in my last blog entry, I've got a book coming out this month which is actually not a stand-alone novel, although that's what it's listed as in the publisher's catalog — it's the sixth (and final) installment in a multi-book story, six volumes long. Why isn't that story coming out in a single binding?
It looks obvious at first — novels are the length they are because, well, they're novels — but in truth, the length of a novel varies depending on the prevailing publishing industry distribution model when it's written.
Let's take SF and fantasy novels published in the USA as a case in point. Prior to the early 1920s the genre didn't really exist in its current form. From roughly 1923 and Hugo Gernsback's publication of Amazing Stories magazine, the pulps reigned supreme: monthly newsstand magazines publishing short stories and serializing novels. Newsstand magazine readers are fickle. Serial novels need to be short enough not to dominate a magazine completely, lest a reader who doesn't like this particular novel stops finding other reasons to buy the mag; and they need to be of finite length. It shouldn't be any surprise to discover that SF novels from the period 1923 to roughly 1952, when the newsstand fiction magazine industry more or less disintegrated (leaving only a tiny handful of survivors) are typically very short — 45,000 to 60,000 words.
The death of the pulps didn't take the SF novel with them; far from it. In fact, book-format novels were already being published (notably Asimov's Foundation series dates to this time — originally serialized in magazine form, they then saw success as individual books), and the mass market novel took over as the main outlet. The length of novels then began to creep up, and continued to creep up steadily through the 1980s.
Many earlier novels are still deceptively short by modern standards. A typical SF novel of the 1960s was 70,000 words long. By the 1980s, 80,000 words was the norm; by the 1990s it had bloated to 100-120,000 words. Why?
One account I've heard (from an editor who was active throughout this period) is that it was the distributors. The mass market for paperbacks prior to 1991 was dominated by wholesalers who supplied retail stores — not bookshops, but local supermarkets with wire-mesh book racks. The wholesalers knew their markets intimately, and would match mass-market titles to the supermarket customers on the basis of their clientelle — SF/F was popular near technical schools, for example. When the inflation of the 1970s and 1980s forced publishers to raise their cover prices, the distributors pushed back and demanded that if the product cost more, it had to be bigger — not taller or wider, else it wouldn't fit the racks, but fatter. (They were, after all, primarily in the grocery business rather than the book trade. You want to charge more for that lettuce? It better be bigger!)
Once a trend like that becomes established, it's hard to stop. Put yourself in the position of a bored browser in front of a supermarket wire-rack, contemplating novels by two authors you've never read. They both cost the same, and you have enough pocket money to buy one. The year is 1980; LibraryThing or other internet resources aren't available. How do you make your mind up? Well, you remember what you've heard about the authors, and you look at the cover painting, and you read the back flap blurb. Assuming all of these are equal ... you probably buy on weight, because you subconsciously anticipate a longer reading experience and, all things considered, good experiences that last longer are better than short ones. Remember that the actual cost of the paper and ink is only a small component of the retail price of a book — around 10-15%. Increasing a book block's size from 150 pages to 180 pages is cheap. And so, from the 1960s to the 1990s, publishers unconsciously trained readers to expect longer novels.
At the end of the 1980s and early 1990s, a wave of consolidation swept through the wholesale sector in the US; from over 500 wholesalers nationwide, the total was reduced to a couple of dozen. Local retail lore was lost due to centralization, and the mass market wire-rack sales more or less dried up; mass market paperback print runs crashed 50%, and this was in many places decried as the death of the midlist. (A midlist author is one who, like me, has a handful or double-handful of books in print and is earning a living but doesn't get their nose in the bestseller lists.) However, the death of the wire-racks coincided with the ascent of the specialist bookstore chains, led by Borders and Barnes & Noble; these chains made up for the drop in mass market paperback sales by providing a greatly enlarged outlet for hardback sales. Losing 20,000 off the top of your paperback print run is painful, but if you can sell 5,000 hardcovers you can make up for the shortfall: and that is why folks like me are still in business.
Now, there is one big problem with making hardcovers longer: binding technology.
In the UK, all retail fiction books (paperback and hardcover alike — aside from some special high-quality editions) are perfect-bound. Pages are printed and collated, guillotined to form book blocks, then bound into the cover using thermosetting glue. There's no obvious limit to the number of pages you can bind this way other than the reader's wrists and the flexibility of the glue — some 1970s paperbacks were notorious for disintegrating on first reading, but these days perfect-bound books up to 1400 pages aren't really unusual ... although midlist authors are not encouraged to go there: production costs scale with the size of the book, and you don't get to charge twice as much money for an 800 page novel as you would for a 400 page book.
In the USA, paperbacks are perfect-bound, but hardcovers are still frequently bound as groups of signatures (blocks of 16, 24, or 32 pages), which are stitched into a cloth binding. It's a higher quality technique, but it seems to be a bit less forgiving of large bundles of pages. In particular, I am told by my editors at more than one publisher that if the page count in a US hardcover goes over roughly 424 pages, this causes no end of problems: they have to outsource the binding to a bindery that uses a more expensive technique, disproportionately raising the production cost of the book. You can work around this to some extent by typesetting with smaller margins, less leading, and a smaller typeface ... but that'll only take you so far. My personal end-run on this was "Accelerando", a 145,000 word doorsteps that was typeset in only 406 pages in the US hardcover, versus nearly 470 pages in the UK. (By way of comparison, the "Merchant Princes" books mostly run to 100,000 words and fit in 300 pages.)
The rules differ somewhat for A-list titles (if you can order a big print run, economies of scale ensue) and Epic Fantasy, where bloat has been de rigeur ever since "The Lord of the Rings". But in general there's a harsh brake on the length of hardback SF, and it's imposed by the step-up in binding costs at one end, and the booksellers at the other. One of the large chains did a study in the early 2000s and determined that for every $1 increment above a cover price of $24, a book's sales volume fell by roughly 25%; price it at $26 and it would sell only around 60% as many copies as at the $24 price point. (The price elasticity of demand for hardback fiction falls off a cliff above the $24 point; alas, it doesn't work the other way!) For this reason, they issued a diktat: no hardcover novels would be bought at an SRP over $24 unless they were from a really big-name author. And so the publishers were caught between readers who for three decades had been trained to expect ever-longer books, and a bookseller-imposed guillotine on prices.
The astute reader will have noticed that these constraints don't apply to two kinds of publishing operation: small presses doing specialist editions, and ebooks. The specialists can target a very specific market with a must-have product, albeit on a small scale; and ebooks can be any length the author's willing to write and the reader's willing to pay for.
In practice, however ...
Writing is work. I can produce around 250,000 words of paying fiction per year (300,000 in a good year; 100,000 in a really bad year). That can be packaged as either a single 700 page doorstep, or as two 300 page regular novels (and maybe a novella on the side). However, due to the price elasticity of demand my publishers can't make as much money from the 700-page doorstep as from the two 300-page regular-length novels. In fact, they probably can't make more than half as much money — books are sold as units, not by volume.
Now here's a confession. I originally planned my Merchant Princes books as a four book series. Book #1, written in 2002, ran to 196,000 words — a fine 600 page doorstep. Books 2 and 3 were going to be 800 pages each, in my imagination; and book 4 would be 500-600 pages. What can I say? I was inexperienced and naive in the ways of publishing, back in early 2002 when I wrote up the proposal.
One thing that you do when you're writing a doorstep-sized work of genre fiction is: you aim to keep it moving by delivering a partial climax every 250-400 pages that's about the size of the climax you'd put at the end of a 250-400 page novel. (Otherwise you risk boring your readers.) You then deliver a series-sized climax at the end of the book, but that's another matter.
By putting in these mid-book sub-climaxes, you keep the reader following your trail of breadcrumbs ... but you present your editor with a dilemma. Should they publish the novel as submitted, or take a hacksaw to it? $24 for 600 pages, or $48 for 600 pages — what would you do?
And so, the first book of the Merchant Princes, "A Family Trade", sprouted some hasty patchwork and a sequel, "The Hidden Family", which was originally the second half of the same book. And my editor's P&E calculations worked out alright and they bought a bunch more books — but laid down the law: "you've got 300 pages to work with per volume". Imagine my joy: I was 200 pages into the 800-page sequel when I heard this. And fans have been bending my ear about the lack of action followed by an annoying cliff-hanger ending in "The Clan Corporate" ever since, not realizing that it was actually the opening sequence and setup of a much longer book.
To add to the fun, when you take an 800 page book and split it into 300-page chunks, you do not get two 300 pages bits, or even three 300-page bits; each book has around 100 pages of scene-setting, recaps, and interweaving to make it work as a self-contained module. And stuff proliferates and gets out of hand, and you have to come up with sub-climaxes to make each book work satisfyingly as a book, and, and ... At the end of the day, the 800 page sequel turned into four books averaging 310 pages each; a 50% expansion! (Okay, so I found a few unexpected extras to stuff in there. But I wasn't planning on bloating it like that — it's a side-effect of trying to refactor a story to fit a form factor it wasn't designed for.)
If we were living in the brave new world of 100% electronic book sales, or selling to a British publisher, the book coming out this month would be book two of the Merchant Princes, and it would be about 900-1000 pages long. But we're not, and so it got squeezed.
Going forward, I speculate that if we make a successful transition to ebooks — that is: if ebooks become a major sales channel and authors are still writing professional quality work for money, and readers are finding some way to pay them — we may see a revival of other formats: novellas for one (they're undergoing a renaissance in SF publishing among the smaller publishers), the Dickensian serial for another, and the gigantic shoebox-sized monster for a third. The corsetting of the modern novel to fit between the tight constraints of binding costs and price elasticity of demand will be unstrung, or replaced by bras, or some other over-stressed metaphorical construct.
A senior at one Connecticut high school has asked administrators to explain why they can access websites like Islam-guide.com, the State Democrat site and Planned Parenthood on the school's computers — but not sites for the NRA, the State GOP or Christianity.com.
Andrew Lampart, 18, said computers at their Nonnewaug High School won't even let them on to the Vatican's website, but will grant them access to Pro-Choice America, CBS Connecticut reported.
They said they discovered the discrepancies while trying to research gun control for a classroom debate and couldn't access the National Rifle Association's website.
“So I went over to the other side,” they told local WTIC. “And I went over on sites such as Moms Demand Action or Newtown Action Alliance, and I could get on these websites but not the others.”
Mr. Lampart then looked into the issue further.
“I immediately found out that the State Democrat website was unblocked but that the State GOP website was blocked,” they said, adding that they also found “right-to-life” groups were blocked, but that Planned Parenthood and Pro-Choice weren't, CBS reported. And other findings: Christianity.com was blocked, as was the Vatican's site — but not Islam-guide.com, they said.
“They're trying to, in my opinion, shelter us from what's actually going on around the country and around the world by blocking these websites,” they said. “It should be the other way around. The websites should be unblocked so that students can get different viewpoints from different sides of each argument.”
Mr. Lampart said they told the superintendent of Woodbury schools of the issue, but no action was taken. They then took their query to the Board of Education.
“It's not a joking matter in terms of having access to both sides of an issue,” Chairman John Chapman told local WTIC. “The Board appreciated hearing the comments from Andrew and agree that they have raised an important issue that warrants further investigation.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Our Chesapeake Bay Bridge's Long History This content is sponsored by Maryland Transportation Authority The William Preston Lane Jr. Memorial Bridge, known as the Bay Bridge, is a major dual span bridge in Maryland. The…
Our Chesapeake Bay Bridge's Long History This content is sponsored by Maryland Transportation Authority The William Preston Lane Jr. Memorial Bridge, known as the Bay Bridge, is a major dual span bridge in Maryland. The…
Our Chesapeake Bay Bridge's Long History
This content is sponsored by Maryland Transportation Authority
The William Preston Lane Jr. Memorial Bridge, known as the Bay Bridge, is a major dual span bridge in Maryland. The Bay Bridge crosses the Chesapeake Bay along US 50/301. It provides a direct connection between recreational and ocean regions on Maryland's Eastern Shore and the metropolitan areas of Baltimore, Annapolis and Washington, D.C. At a little over four miles, the spans are among the world's longest and most scenic over-water structures.
The bridge is named after former Maryland Governor William Preston Lane, Jr., who initiated its construction. Studies looking at the possibility of building a bridge across the Chesapeake Bay may have been conducted as early as the 1880s. In 1938, the Maryland General Assembly submitted a proposal for a bridge at the Sandy Point-Kent Island location. Legislation for the construction of the bridge was passed, however the construction was delayed because of the United States involvement in World War II.
In 1947, the General Assembly, under the leadership of Governor Lane, passed legislation to begin bridge construction. Construction on the bridge began in 1949 and opened to traffic on July 30, 1952. The construction cost was $45 million. At that time, it was the longest continuous over-water steel structure and third longest bridge in the world.
In 1967, due to increasing traffic volume, the Maryland General Assembly authorized the State Roads Commission to oversee construction of three possible locations for a new crossing. These locations included one north, near Baltimore, one in Southern Maryland and one next to the existing bridge from Kent Island to Sandy Point. The option of an additional bridge at Sandy Point was given the highest priority, and construction of the new span began in 1969 and was completed on June 28, 1973. The construction cost was $148 million.
The two spans are 4.33 (westbound) and 4.35 (eastbound) miles long and form the longest fixed water crossing in Maryland. The eastbound span provides a two-lane roadway for travelers and the westbound span provides three lanes. The Bay Bridge is 186 feet high at its highest point – high enough to accommodate ocean-going vessels and ships – and to give passengers a bird's eye view of some beautiful scenery. The height of the suspension-bridge towers are 354 feet (eastbound) and 379 feet (westbound). The curve near the western side of the bridge was built so that the main spans cross the bay's shipping channels at 90 degrees, a requirement of the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Traffic volume has increased significantly over the years in part due to more development on Kent Island and the Eastern Shore. In addition to beach goers, more people now live on the Eastern Shore and use the bridge as part of their daily commute.
In 1952, traffic volume in both directions was 870,000 and in 2016 it was 26.6 million. The bridge's traffic capacity is 1,500 vehicles per lane, per hour. On an average Friday in the summer, more than 56,000 vehicles cross the eastbound span and more than 36,000 cross the westbound span. During periods of heavy eastbound traffic, one lane of the westbound bridge is “reversed” to carry eastbound travelers (“two-way” traffic operations). Tolls are collected in the eastbound direction only. To learn more about Bay Bridge traffic operations, tolls and best times to travel visit baybridge.com, call 1-877-BAYSPAN (229-7726) or follow @TheMDTA on Twitter.
View Photos Michael Simari and the Manufacturer
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Back in June, Toyota first showed the world this wild-child Sienna, which it dubbed Ultimate Utility Vehicle. Since then, the former minivan turned beastly off-roader has been touring the country as part of the company's Ever-Better Expedition, sort of team-building exercise. Now it's pulling in to SEMA—its natural home, one might argue—and we're finally learning more about its build.
We already knew that this sinister Sienna sits atop the chassis of a Toyota Tacoma pickup. Obviously, the nerdy sliding doors are replaced by motorized side doors. The fronts have been converted to suicide doors. The matte-black body is nearly all custom, including the front fenders and all four doors. The unique front bumper is by the folks at N-FAB, who also fitted the front winch mount and side step. The custom roof rack features an LED light bar.
View Photos Michael Simari and the Manufacturer
The Engaged suspension components raise the former Sienna more than four inches from stock and allow for more than 15 inches of wheel travel. Those wheels are 22-by-12-inch Monster Energy 539B Off-Road units, wrapped with 33-by-22 Nitto Mud Grappler tires. The vehicle also includes a TRD supercharger and a Wilwood brake kit.
Inside the fully customized interior, a 2500-watt JBL audio system rocks the house, while a night-vision camera system lets occupants keep tabs on the world outside.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
View Photos Michael Simari and the Manufacturer
Despite Toyota's impending move to Texas, don't expect to see the company turning out Sienna minivans like this one any time soon. Toyota describes it as “a one-of-a-kind vehicle, not intended for sale.” Which means the pick-up line at school is safe—for now.
View Photos Michael Simari and the Manufacturer
The Syrian army backed by Hezbollah regained control over the weekend of a key position in Qalamoun near the border with Lebanon in the fiercest bout of fighting since the Syrian military and its allies took over villages and towns in the area, security sources told The Daily Star.
Four Hezbollah fighters and five Syrian army soldiers were killed in the clashes Saturday, while more than 30 jihadis were killed, the sources said.
The sources said militants initially overran a strategic Hezbollah position in the Syrian village of Flita located 5 km away from the border with Lebanon, leading to violent clashes.
However, Hezbollah soon regained the post.
After clashes with rebels last year, the Syrian army backed by Hezbollah took Flita.
The sources said both the Syrian army and Hezbollah were "ready and vigilant" in anticipation of new attacks.
...
When the gunfire slowed enough for laughter and hooting to become audible, I crawled out from under my bed, smoked several cigarettes, and went to sleep. The next morning, while brushing my teeth, I saw that my previously brown lip-bristles had lost all color from root to tip.
My canities subita cannot be medically authenticated, since no doctors were around to see it. Nevertheless, I reached out last week to Des Tobin, a leading expert on cell pigmentation and director of the Center for Skin Sciences at the University of Bradford. Over the phone from Ireland, Tobin patiently explains why my account is logically impossible: “There are no living cells in the hair. Psychosocial stress can't affect the hair fiber that's already formed, it can only affect the fibers as they're forming.”
They suggest that what I thought was canities subita may have been an occurrence of alopecia areata, a stress-linked autoimmune reaction that causes sudden hair loss. Because it often targets pigmented hair while leaving de-pigmented strands in place, this form of alopecia is the leading explanation for the appearance of sudden hair-whitening in people with salt-and-pepper locks. The pepper falls out, the salt remains.
I interrupt that my mustache is as thick as it's ever been. And it was sparse enough before the incident that I would have noticed any white hairs that were already there. For good measure, and to demonstrate the extent of my Googling on the matter, I add that I have also not experienced any skin-whitening vitiligo, which sometimes accompanies the sudden appearance of white hair.
Tobin next inquires about my genetic background, my age, and the condition of my mustache at the time of the blanching. I was 30 years old in October 2013, I tell him, and inherited my hirsute upper lip from the Iberians on my father's side. A salon professional had last depilated said upper lip roughly one week prior to the event, meaning the hairs were wispy, but present.
At the mention of my salon routine, Tobin points out that depilation itself can make hair more susceptible to blanching, by inflicting “microtrauma” on the follicles and rendering them more porous. “In rat studies,” they offer, “they showed if you pluck the rats' whiskers, they grow white more quickly.”
For my whiskers to whiten all at once, Tobin says I would have had to be in direct contact with some external agent—a detergent used on the hotel's sheets, perhaps. My years of upper-lip microtrauma and the resulting porosity of those follicles would make them more susceptible to being bleached, and would explain why no other hairs were affected.
If so, the stumper remains that the hairs are still white, nearly three years after the fact. “Whatever has happened managed to affect the melanocytes inside the root of the follicle, and caused them to shut down completely,” Tobin muses, referring to the skin's pigment-producing cells. I offer to mail them some clippings from my mustache so they can analyze the hair shafts for himself. They politely decline and our phone-consult ends there.
FARGO-The North Dakota State softball team lost so much from last season that you have to wonder if head coach Darren Mueller had trouble recognizing their team on the first day of practice. It will be major test for one of the top mid-major Division I programs in the country to see if it can immediately reload.
Of the few players that are returning, three are its top two pitchers and the other is the starting catcher, who happens to be the team's only senior. Alyssa Reina said she's ready for the leadership challenge.
"Sometimes it feels like I'm 60 years old when I play," Reina said. "But I don't think about it like that. It's another year to play and another year to get better with these new group of girls. It's amazing to see and be a part of."
Reina will be catching top pitchers Jacquelyn Sertic from Sparks, Nev., and KK Leddy from Middleburg, Fla. And if you're going to have one area of the team that has experience, that's a good start.
"It's reassuring to have the pitching depth of those two," Mueller said.
NDSU went 39-15 last season, went 17-0 in the Summit League and advanced to the NCAA tournament for the seventh time in eight years. The Bison have won at least 30 games in each of the past 10 years.
But they also lost nine players from a year ago including four who started all 54 games. Not only that, all four played key defensive spots with shortstop Logan Moreland, second baseman Cheyenne Garcia, centerfielder Jenna Isbell and first baseman Jackie Stifter.
Title-contending teams generally like experience up the middle and now the Bison will have a new middle infield and center fielder to break in.
Freshmen Montana DeCamp from Indianola, Iowa, and Lauren Reimers from Morris, Monn., are taking over at shortstop and second base respectively. DeCamp was on an Iowa Blitz team that reached the United States Specialty Sports Association World Series. Reimers redshirted as a shortstop last year but is switching to second base this spring.
"You can't be afraid as freshmen, they have the talent to be out there," Mueller said. "That doesn't mean we can't win this year."
The Bison will also be without junior left field Katie Shoultz, who started 51 games a year ago, because of a blood clot issue. It also can't be understated losing two valuable assistant coaches when associate head coach Jamie Trachsel took the head position at Iowa State. Pitching coach Brynne Dordel followed them to ISU.
Mueller and Trachsel were together for 13 years building the program from a Division II transition to a Division I mid-major power.
"In a way, it's like a new program," Mueller said. "Jamie and I had our system and we'll try to maintain those similarities. There are a lot of new things. New buildings (Sanford Health Athletic Complex locker room), new office-it sounds like a different program."
One thing that isn't different for a program that has been to the NCAA tournament in seven of its last eight seasons: A difficult non-conference schedule.
NDSU opens its season this weekend at the Cal State Fullerton Easton Invitational. In one stretch in March, the Bison will play Florida, Auburn, Missouri, Ohio State, Rutgers and Georgia Tech.
"One thing about our program, we develop a lot throughout the year," said Reina, from Auburn, Calif. "It's something we say a lot to our younger players. It's all about getting better and having an amazing work ethic."
Reina missed their sophomore season because of medical procedures to their rotator cuff and labrum. The downside was they didn't get to graduate with their class last season. But they said there was no question they aren't going to use their last season of eligibility.
"I knew I would regret if I didn't come back," they said. "And I love this group of girls and I love being here. Playing softball in college has never been a question for me. It's been an amazing ride and I wouldn't want it to continue."
"There's always a good time to use a Taser."
So says Andrea, attractive single mom and one of the four stars of the new TLC reality show, The Police Women of Broward County. The trailer with the Taser quip then cuts to the show's stars tackling suspects, putting knees into various backs, and pointing guns. Browse other clips on the TLC website, and it seems the network can't make up its mind whether these women are sexpots with handcuffs or girls who want to be taken seriously for kicking just as much ass as the boys. A smug poster ad campaign for the show takes the the show's identity problem to yet crasser heights. One ad reads, "Taser Time." Another, "Cavity Search, Anyone?"
Of course, there isn't "always a good time to use a Taser," as the multitude of viral web videos depicting taserings of grandmothers, pregnant women, and children will attest. TLC's ad campaign is offensive, though merely the latest iteration of a genre of television that trivializes the state's use of force and makes a mockery of the criminal justice system.
For the better part of a generation, the Fox hit Cops was the only reality police show on TV. For 20 years, we've watched patient patrol officers break up domestic disputes, arrest sunburned wife-beaters, and chase petty drug offenders down darkened allies. Though the departments depicted in the show always have veto power over what footage makes it on the air, Cops generally did well to depict the monotonies of police work, be it walking a beat, calmly talking down a jealous husband, or taking one of those long, all-night neighborhood patrols in a squad car.
The expansion of cable has spawned countless new cop shows, and like The Police Women of Broward County, most seem to place unfortunate emphasis on the more confrontational perks of police work. A&E got into the game a few years ago with Dallas SWAT, sending a camera crew along with the city's elite paramilitary police unit to document drug raids and standoffs. That show's success spawned Detroit SWAT and Kansas City SWAT. Court TV then gave us Texas SWAT and SWAT U.S.A.
The testosterone-infused Spike TV jumped into the game with DEA, produced by the jolly weatherman-cum-drug warrior Al Roker. The series follows a group of federal agents, also in Detroit (the city's sad, crumbling badlands provide great backdrop for reality shows), as they plan and carry out drug raids. It also produced an unintentionally hillarious moment when self-proclaimed pot smoker and legalization advocate Joe Rogan was forced to conduct a reverent, promotional interview with one of the show's drug-agent stars while hosting one of Spike's mixed martial arts events.
Fox then plumbed new depths of depravity last year with Smile . . . You're Under Arrest!, featuring Maricopa County, Arizona's self-proclaimed "toughest sheriff in America," Joe Arpaio. In a premise that evokes the old Arnold Schwarzenegger movie Running Man or Mike Judge's dystopian parody Idiocracy, Sheriff Joe teams up with a crew of comedy writers and improv actors to create elaborate scenarios where "unaware criminal suspects with outstanding warrants are lured out of hiding in this high-energy prank show."
The most obvious criticism of these shows is their exploitation and general tackiness. Police work is reduced to clownish pranks, adrenalin-inducing raids, and telegenic lady cops edited to invoke S&M fantasies for the shlubs watching at home. No one expects much dignity from cable networks, but you'd think, for example, that the Broward County Sheriff's Department might object to the sexualization of its female officers, or to a national ad campaign insinuating that they're sporting itchy Taser fingers.
As for the SWAT programs, America has unfortunately grown comfortable with, or at least accustomed to, the idea of using SWAT teams to kick down doors and conduct volatile, confrontational raids for consensual, nonviolent crimes. We've seen a massive increase in these raids, from about 3,000 per year in the early 1980s to some 50,000 per year by the early 2000s. The popularity of SWAT shows didn't cause the problem, but their popularity is sympomatic of it, and they can only further ingrain the troubling notion that there's nothing wrong with sending a unit of cops dressed like soldiers into private homes to arrest nonviolent drug offenders. And of course, we're never going to see the wrong-door raids, or police mistakes that result in fatalities.
Cop reality shows glamorize all the wrong aspects of police work. Their trailers depict lots of gun pointing, door-busting, perp-chasing, and handcuffing. Forget the baton-twirling Officer Friendly. To the extent that the shows aid in the recruiting of new police officers, they're almost certainly pulling people attracted to the wrong parts of the job.
More broadly, adding a camera crew and a team of editors to turn police work into a commercially viable product not only makes light of a reluctantly granted power—the use of force—that ought to be treated with reverence and restraint, it also projects to the public an image of police work that, despite the genre of television with which it's associated, rarely includes much reality.
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine.
Article by Emily Geens. Edited by Ellie Veryard. Additional research by Jack Barnes.
The charm and mystique of the rickshaw has captured the Western imagination since the turn of the century, creating an Oriental image since its use in many Asian films and stories. This mode of transport has been around for a relatively short amount of time – 1869 to be precise. It is fairly ironic that today Westerners perceive the use of the rickshaw as an exploitative way of travelling when in fact it was first invented by a European missionary visiting Japan in order to transport their invalid wife through the bustling streets of Yokohama. Since its creation it has spread throughout Asian countries as it is an ideal way of travelling through their typically busy streets and roads, as well as carrying large amounts of goods to rural areas.
The first rickshaw in China was imported from Japan in 1874 and became the most popular way of transportation for foreigners and the wealthy Chinese. However, after the Communist party was created under Chairman Mao in 1949, the fate of the Chinese rickshaw was soon to be condemned. Under Mao's radical reforms during the 1950s, they believed the use of rickshaws was capitalist and would send the wrong message to their Communist people; they could hardly have poor workers pulling rich bourgeoisie around in their new tightly regimented Communist country! As a result, for the past sixty odd years or so, the use of the rickshaw has been mainly confined to the cities of India where it is about to meet the second defeat in its history.
For Western societies, the concept of a rickshaw may seem somewhat strange when considering that they are powered by a man walking or running before the cart in blistering heat and exceptionally harsh conditions. Its usage has in fact cropped up in many human rights debates in recent years as it is believed that this particular mode of transport is exploiting the poorest of workers. As a result, since the turn of the century there have been many laws passed to ban rickshaws in Asia, diminishing its use in many countries. Now, in 2011, the last fleet of rickshaws can be found in Calcutta, India, where rickshaw workers (called rickshaw wallahs) have managed to resist the global bans.
Many rickshaw wallahs rely on their meagre wage (usually less than £2 a day) to feed themselves and their families, as well as to pay the broker that the rickshaw belongs to. This feudalistic manner of work can only be described as exploitative; once in this vicious circle, the rickshaw wallahs cannot escape until they quit or die. Day after day, year after year, these wallahs have to run along burning hot roads barefoot, in sizzling heat or during the worst of monsoons, pulling passengers in a cart behind them. Instead of returning to their family homes for the night, they are usually forced to spend the night in their rickshaw or on a straw mattress in their broker's home. Their willingness to continue under such atrocious conditions and resist the Calcutta ban shows just how much they need these jobs.
In recent months these rickshaw wallahs, despite their previous protests, have run into danger as the Calcutta government wishes to ban their use. The problem lies not only in their poor levels of safety but the legality of their use. It was estimated in 1992 that over 30,000 rickshaws were operating in Calcutta with all but 6,000 of them running without a license (no new licenses have been issued since 1945). As a result, the government have decided to use low profile methods to drive them off the streets, regardless of how unlawful they may be. Many are beaten up by taxi drivers who find them running in their path and others are thrown into prison by police officers attempting to enforce bans of rickshaws. Abdul Sattar, a veteran rickshaw puller, says: “Come Friday and local police begin to raid the areas where we pull our rickshaws. Often we are locked inside the police stations and fined. If you don't pay the fine, you end up staying longer in the police station. We consider ourselves extremely lucky if we avoid a beating.”
The question then is why are the rickshaw wallahs continuing to protest? The answer is simple; working as a rickshaw wallah is their only form of work and without the provision of other jobs they have to protest, however tough their work may be. Some are evidently worn out, yet the majority insist that there is no other option. One man, Narain Rai when interviewed by the BBC concerning their job, claimed that, “During summer the mercury goes past 45C. You hate being anywhere near the sun. But despite the sweltering heat, we carry out our duties, without the wages, we have nothing.”
So is the use of rickshaws exploitation or tradition? Well, yes and no. Although thousands of rickshaw wallahs have spent decades of their lives pulling these contraptions, sometimes into their old age, it is the only work they can find. The work may be gruelling and humiliating, but without them, many young men would die before the age of 30 from malnutrition or diseases from the streets. This cannot justify their use, but it does reveal that some alternative form of work has to be provided as otherwise these Calcutta rickshaw wallahs will continue until death. If the Calcutta government want to continue fighting against the use of rickshaws, they must at least provide a sufficient pension plan, or create further jobs. Although it may be exploitative, banning the rickshaws without provision of extra jobs runs against any human rights argument in itself. Thus the history of the rickshaw, a unique form of travel, is coming to a close in the 21st century, and perhaps it is about time. They may have been useful before the tide of modernity, but when combined, they fought the losing battle and are now eventually being put to rest.
*****
Rickshaw comes from the Japanese word ‘Jinrikisha', which literally means ‘man powered vehicle'.
The Rickshaw first appeared in India in 1880, and in Calcutta 2 decades later.
Many of the rickshaw pullers in Calcutta come from Bihar, one of India's poorest states.
If you thought things looked pretty gloomy for HP's first batch of webOS devices, you weren't alone. A slow start for the Veer was followed by an even more underwhelming launch for the TouchPad, which was supposed to compete head-on with the iPad 2 — and did, at least on paper. But with excess stock piling up in Best Buy's warehouses and daily deal site Woot only able to shift a few hundred TouchPads, clearly the public just wasn't all that keen.
Just days ago, HP let the Pre 3 trickle out in Europe. There was no fanfare to speak of, just word from webOS faithful that the phones did, in fact, ship when orders were placed. A white 64GB TouchPad also appeared, but the word quietly filtered out that it would never find its way to U.S. shores.
Now it looks like all that shiny, new HP webOS hardware will be finding its way to the Island of Misfit Gadgets. During HP's quarterly earnings call today, the company announced that it was officially pulling the plug on webOS device operations — including the Pre and Veer phones and the Touchpad.
HP is looking for “other ways to optimize the value of webOS” now, and that doesn't leave a lot to the imagination. Either it's going to wind up in HP's other products — in mid and high-end printers, or as a dual-boot option on its PCs — or HP is going to work on licensing the OS to other smartphone, tablet, and microwave manufacturers (yes, webOS is a good fit for appliances too, HP thinks).
Come to think of it, the PC integration might not happen either, if HP does actually plan on selling that division to Samsung as the rumor mill is speculating.
More at Business Wire
One of the most famous wallpaper images is undoubtedly the default Windows XP image showing a blissfully relaxing vista of green rolling hills and a bluer than blue sky. The wallpaper, probably one of the most viewed images of all time, is aptly named ‘Bliss.' Do a Google image search for just the word ‘bliss,' and the first result is the Windows wallpaper.
For Dutch Windows users however, the name of the image is Ireland, which has mistakenly led many to believe that that's where the image was taken.
Have you ever stopped to wonder where the image was taken, or who took it? In fact, the image is so crisp you might have assumed it wasn't real at all.
The man behind the camera is American photographer Charles O'Rear. Don't let their name fool you into thinking that the photo was in fact taken in Ireland. Bliss, as it turns out, is in California. In Sonoma County to be exact.
The photo was taken in 1996, years before Windows XP launched, and before the area was converted into a vineyard. In fact, a photo taken 10 years later from exactly the same spot where Bliss was shot, shows a disappointingly, dreary view:
The image has since made its way off of users' computer and can be spotted in some of the most unexpected places. O'Rear themselves has seen the image in the window of a restaurant in a Thai village and in the background of a TV interview with the Venezuelan president.
So how much did O'Rear get for taking what is considered one of the most famous photos of all time? A non-disclosure agreement prevents them from revealing the actual figure, but according to Napa Valley Register, O'Rear stated that it was:
“extraordinary” and second only to that paid to another living, working photographer for the photo of then-President Bill Clinton hugging Monica Lewinsky.
Taken with a medium format camera, the most surprising fact about the image is that O'Rear claims that it wasn't digitally manipulated.
Either way, the present day reality is a far cry from the idyllic image that Windows abandoned with the advent of Windows Vista.
JW Van Wessel found the exact coordinates of the location, and thanks to Google Street View, you can get a 360 degree view of the area, and see exactly how it looks today:
Behind where O'Rear stood, you can see more vineyards:
While to the left and right is little else but endless highways:
To give it a try yourself, just go to Google Maps and enter the following coordinates: 38.248966, -122.410269.
While you're taking a trip down the memory lane of tech, here's the story of the World Wide Web.
Image credit: Kevin Lee/Getty Images
Read next: Probably the most realistic gaming costumes you've ever seen
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jimmy Savile was seen wheeling the body of a four-year-old child in a pram into a hospital mortuary, a new report into the paedophile's sick behaviour has revealed.
The former TV presenter, who died in 2011, had unrestricted access to Stoke Mandeville Hospital despite their reputation as a "sex pest".
For all the latest on the new Savile report - follow our live blog.
On one night in the 1970s, a night porter saw Savile wheeling the dead body of a child into the morgue.
Another witness, a former therapist at the hospital, said they had been told Savile had been seen "trying to have sexual intercourse with dead bodies in the hospital mortuary"
A former nurse told investigators how they were warned not to go down to the morgue if the "pink-haired man is there".
The vile stories emerged as a string of horrifying new details of Savile's abuse were uncovered, including:
Savile abused a total of 60 victims at Stoke Mandeville between 1968 and 1992
The star's older brother Johnny was also a sexual predator and was linked to five rapes in Springfield Hospital in South London
Nine complaints about Savile's behaviour were made but none "were taken seriously"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Evidence from Savile's victims at Stoke Mandeville suggest their shocking behaviour was an "open secret" as early as 1973 after they started working at the Buckinghamshire hospital as a voluntary porter "with no checks, monitoring or supervision in place".
Two witnesses told investigators they had heard Savile was having sex with corpses, although no further evidence to support the allegation was found.
Previous reports into Savile's abuse heard "macabre accounts" of claims the now-dead TV and radio presenter performed sex acts on dead bodies in the mortuary at Leeds General Infirmary (LGI).
Among 60 victims of the depraved entertainer at Stoke Mandeville were children as young as eight, a pregnant mother in their 20s in hospital with their sick son and a 19-year-old paralysed woman in a wheelchair.
A former nurse told investigators how they were warned about a man believed to be Jimmy Savile in the mortuary at Leeds General Infirmary (LGI) as long ago as 1954.
The woman - referred to in today's report as TB - told investigators that as a trainee nurse in that year they were heading down to the hospital's mortuary when the ward sister told them "to be careful and come back if the pink-haired man is there".
The report said: "TB recalls that when they went to the mortuary, 'he was there so I turned round and went back to the ward'."
(Image: PA)
It said: "When we asked who is a TB thought the 'pink-haired man' was, TB was convinced that they were Savile."
Another witness remembers Savile taking the body of a four-year-old child to the mortuary in a pram one night in the 1970s.
A pram had to be used as the child was too big for the trolley usually used for children and too small for the one normally used for adults.
The night nursing officer, who has not been named, made the arrangement and Savile collected the body on their own.
Dr Sue Proctor, who led the main investigation into Savile's abuse at the Leeds General Iinfirmary, told a press conference last year that Savile claimed that large rings they wore were "made from the glass eyes of dead bodies at the mortuary".
Savile's other victims at the LGI ranged from five-year-old children to pensioners and included men, women, boys and girls.
(Image: INS)
A 23-year-old radiographer in the late 1970s at the hospital, known as victim 19, said they often saw Savile walking around the hospital at night, assisting the porters.
The report added: "A nurse that victim 19 spoke to said that Savile would often push their way into their rooms and that they were known to be a dirty old man. No one ever indicated that Savile had actually abused them; they were regarded as a pain, nothing more."
The woman also noted that "Savile's brother (uncertain which one) used to wander around the hospital also dressed in a tracksuit. The common view was that they cut a rather pathetic figure".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A separate report released today found it was likely Jimmy Savile's older brother Johnny molested and possibly raped women at Springfield Hospital in south London.
Johnny, who died in 1998, worked at the hospital as a recreation officer in the 1970s and allegations of abuse by them were uncovered by Operation Yewtree officers.
They were made by five women, between 1978 and 1980, with the last two culminating in them being sacked for gross misconduct of a sexual nature in 1980.
However, the report by South West London and St George's Mental Health NHS Trust found no evidence Jimmy Savile ever visited Springfield or any other of the trust's units.
In a video captured by the Bryan Brothers, it sure looks like Michael Jordan might need the gift of golf lessons from a PGA Professional this Christmas.
Earlier today, the Bryan Brothers posted a video to Instagram of Michael Jordan hitting a tee shot at the Floridian.
Jordan, arguably the greatest basketball player of all time, has always been known as a pretty good golfer.
But this swing? What is that?
GOAT sighting A video posted by Bryan Bros Golf (@bryanbrosgolf) on Dec 20, 2016 at 8:30am PST
Our friend Shane Bacon at Fox Sports put it best:
This video, courtesy of @bryanbrosgolf, makes me think Michael Jordan has been taking golf lessons from Barkley https://t.co/5SabUT8ij0 — Shane Bacon (@shanebacon) December 20, 2016
Here's that Barkley swing Bacon is referencing:
Yikes.
Story Highlights Them platform and a desire for a female president also among top reasons
Their backers most likely to support them for their care for people
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents who would like to see Hillary Clinton win the Democratic presidential nomination most frequently cite their qualifications, White House experience and care for the needs of the people as the reasons they favor them over Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Most Important Reasons for Supporting Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Nomination What are one or two of the most important reasons why you prefer Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination? (open-ended) Among Democrats/Democratic leaners Mar 21-23 , 2016 % Capable of being president/Qualified/Experienced 29 Hillary Clinton's political background/White House experience/Bill Clinton 19 Care for and about the people/Connected to their needs 10 Hillary Clinton's a woman/Need a woman/Equal for women 9 Like/Agree with views/Good platform 8 Intelligent/Smart/Knowledgeable 8 Strong/Good leadership abilities 4 Well-versed in foreign policy/International dealings 4 Will win the election 3 Need a change/Different 3 Consistent/Stable stand by their decision 3 None/No opinion 9 Note: Responses mentioned by at least 3% are listed Gallup
Other reasons Clinton supporters give to explain why they back them include the desire or need for a female president, their platform and overall views and their intelligence. Nine percent did not offer an opinion as to why they support the former first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state.
These data, based on a March 21-23 Gallup poll, come as Clinton and Sanders gear up for important primary contests in Wisconsin and New York.
Gallup asked Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents who said they would support Clinton or Sanders to indicate in their own words what lies behind their preference. Responses to this question were coded into major categories as displayed in the accompanying tables.
As the results show, Clinton supporters tend to cite aspects of their background and character as reasons for them supporting them Beyond the 8% saying they like their platform, the only specific mention of issues or policy is them being well-versed in foreign policy (4%). This, however, is likely tied in to their experience as secretary of state.
More Sanders supporters reference aspects of their policy stances, such as their focus on education and college tuition (10%) and healthcare problems (4%). These are in addition to the 19% who more generally say they agree with their views.
The single most common mention about the Vermont senator, however, is that they care about and connects with the people and their needs (22%).
Most Important Reasons for Supporting Bernie Sanders for the Democratic Nomination What are one or two of the most important reasons why you prefer Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination? (open-ended) Among Democrats and Democratic leaners Mar 21-23 , 2016 % Care for and about the people/Connected to their needs 22 Like/Agree with views/Good platform 19 Honest/Trustworthy 16 Like his/her focus on education/College tuition views 10 Dislike or don't care for other candidate 8 He's a man/Don't want women in office 6 Capable of being president/Qualified/Experienced 5 Don't trust her/him 5 Is not controlled by corporate money/big business 5 Cares about the healthcare problems 4 Need a change/Different 3 Has more socialistic views/ways 3 Other (vol.) 3 None/No opinion 4 Note: Responses mentioned by at least 3% are listed; (vol.) = Volunteered response Gallup
About one in six Sanders supporters say they prefer them because they are honest and trustworthy, something few Clinton supporters (1%) mention as a reason they support them Perceptions of dishonesty were the most common responses about Clinton in a previous Gallup open-ended question among all Americans. At the same time, few Sanders supporters cite the experience (5%) that is most often mentioned by Clinton supporters (29%).
Bottom Line
Clinton supporters and Sanders supporters offer fairly different reasons why they prefer their candidate to be the Democratic nominee, mostly focusing on the candidates' relative strengths.
Clinton's supporters commonly prefer them for what they have accomplished, in terms of their résumé and job experience. Sanders' supporters more commonly mention their care for Americans' needs and their platform positions. It is unclear whether these responses reflect Democrats' principal reasons for their support of Clinton or Sanders, or if the responses largely reflect what Democrats think of first when they are asked to explain their choice in an open-ended question format.
Once the nomination is settled, supporters of the losing candidate most likely will join with supporters of the victor as they or they prepare to face the Republican nominee in the general election. And as the campaign shifts from the nomination to the general election phase, those who supported the losing candidate for the Democratic nomination will likely find reasons to embrace the Democratic nominee over the Republican.
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted March 21-23, 2016, on the Gallup U.S. Daily survey, with a random sample of 677 Democrats and independents who lean Democratic, including 384 who prefer Clinton as the Democratic nominee and 254 who prefer Sanders, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on Clinton's supporters, and based on results near 20%, the margin of sampling error is ±5 percentage points at the 95% confidence level. For results based on Sanders' supporters, and based on results near 20%, the margin of sampling error is ±6 percentage points at the 95% confidence level. All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 60% cellphone respondents and 40% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
Learn more about how the Gallup U.S. Daily works.
“Davis breached their duty and broke the law as the result of being in dire financial straits,” Andrew J. Ceresney, the head of the S.E.C.'s enforcement division, said at a news conference on Thursday. And Mr. Walters, who was arrested at a resort in Las Vegas late Wednesday, was “gambling on a sure thing.”
The case, however, is much broader than a story about gambling debts. The charges represent one of the most notable insider trading prosecutions since a federal appellate court overturned two prominent convictions — a ruling that led to the dismissal of about a dozen other convictions.
After the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit overturned the convictions of two hedge fund managers, Todd Newman and Anthony Chiasson, in December 2014 — and in the process imposed the greatest limits on prosecutors in a generation — the government predicted a chilling effect on future insider trading investigations. Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, who led a sweeping crackdown on insider trading, warned that the ruling could allow “a potential bonanza for friends and family of rich people.”
But in charging both Mr. Walters and Mr. Davis with securities fraud and wire fraud, their office and the S.E.C. are sending a message that these cases can still be made.
“Brazen insider trading continues to be a blot in our securities markets, and so the integrity of our markets continues to be a priority for this office,” Mr. Bharara said at the news conference. Still, they added that “there is conduct that we think is nefarious and undermines faith in the market and undermines the strength of the market that will not be able to be prosecuted because of the Newman decision.”
Mr. Walters's lawyer said their client had done nothing wrong. “Bill Walters is a true American success story, whose extraordinary accomplishments as a lawful sports gambler have been widely recognized and lauded,” the lawyer, Barry Berke, said in a statement. “Mr. Walters and their counsel look forward to their day in court.”
This is not the first time Mr. Walters, who is 69, has been the subject of a criminal investigation. They have faced charges four times, none of which resulted in a conviction.
The launch of PS4 and Xbox One pre-orders have resulted in a record week for Amazon.com's Video Games store, the retailer has announced.
"Last week, the Amazon Video Games store made history with its biggest pre-order week ever thanks to the launch of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4," reads a statement from Amazon. "In fact, at the peak of demand last week, Amazon customers were pre-ordering more than 2,500 Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles per minute."
Amazon reports that it saw a 4000 per cent increase in console orders during E3 week 2013 compared to the same period last year. Furthermore, day-one pre-orders for the two consoles are nearly two times that of all video games sales on Black Friday 2012.
VideoGamer.com has asked Amazon for a breakdown of PS4 and Xbox One pre-orders, but has yet to receive a response.
Source: Press release
Montgomery County police Capt. Paul Starks confirmed that police are looking into "the possibility that this was some sort of chemical reaction due to the manufacturing of drugs."
NBC Washington quoted federal law enforcement sources as saying pseudoephedrine, drain opener and a recipe for making methamphetamine were found in the lab.
The disclosures rattled Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, chairperson of the Science, Space and Technology Committee, which oversees NIST, who fired off a letter (PDF) on Tuesday to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker demanding a full report by next Wednesday.
"The fact that this explosion took place at a taxpayer-funded NIST facility, potentially endangering NIST employees, is of great concern," Smith wrote. "I am troubled by the allegations that such dangerous and illicit activity went undetected at a federal research facility."
They said they want to ensure that researchers at federal laboratories are safe.
NIST, formerly the National Bureau of Standards, is the federal agency responsible for setting standards for precise measurement of just about everything, which are cataloged in more than 1,300 Standard Reference Materials publications.
Yes, there is one for meth.
Can a western RPG today succeed without incorporating some kind of fantasy or sci-fi elements? The success of the Kickstarter campaign for Kingdom Come: Deliverance proves that there is demand to turn away from the genre's usual dungeons-and-dragons tropes, and playing the first beta alongside Warhorse Studios' Tobias Stolz-Zwilling and Martin Ziegler, makes it clear that they're determined to do things differently.
The beta starts some way into the story, with the hero Henry (a fixed character who you can only mildly alter in appearance) working with a local lord, Robard, and their army to track down a bandit called Reeky, who was involved with the sacking of a local village who may know something about those responsible for the murder of Henry's family. All this pillaging and chaos is the result of the kingdom of Bohemia being invaded by King Sigismund of Hungary, so Henry's own story is closely tied to the bigger historical picture.
As I get plonked down into the world on horseback outside the castle of Talmberg, the first thing that strikes me is how rich and fecund the countryside of Bohemia looks. The landscape is dense with nettles, scrubs, and subtly animated foliage (a welcome contrast to The Witcher 3's vegetation, which sways with all the nuance of a tornado).
“We made 3D models of the original trees before putting them in the game,” Ziegler tells me. “We didn't use Speedtree or anything like that. Everything you see was handmade and brushed over the world”.
The scrupulous level of care is evident as I trot through the forest, where each tree has its own character, carving its own path up towards the sun rather than being part of a homogeneous mass. Some kind of insect flies across my screen as I gaze into the seemingly neverending, realistically ragtag woods, but snap out of it when the Warhorse guys remind me about my mission.
Errr, what was that again? Ah, revenge for the death of my family. Of course…
I head into the village of Talmberg to start asking questions, and notice that there are no GPS arrows, mini-map, or specific location or person I should approach. It feels refreshing, and recalls the sense of intrepid adventure brought about by stepping into Morrowind for the first time, which had a similarly laissez-faire approach to quest markers. Relying on my own wits, I do what anyone would do in the situation and start speaking to the locals, who – gossips that they are – tell me that Reeky's been involved with a local wench called Adela.
After kindly rejecting Adela's advances (alas, no option to accept them), I decide to play ‘bad cop' and try to intimidate them into cooperation, which fails. I then attempt the charm offensive but it's too late. She's had enough of me and I'm not getting any more info out of them Ziegler explains: “If you mess up, or fail in your speech, then you'll lower your reputation with this particular person and they won't help you. We don't want you to just use every option and see what works, but really think about every decision you make.”
As someone who finds the spaghetti-at-the-wall speech systems of most RPGs too trivial and simplistic, this is something I can get down with. Adela was flirtatious and open, and I failed to observe those traits and play to them. Your appearance affects persuasion too, so trying to intimidate a hulking bruiser in plate armour would likely end up in a scrap, while if I'd turned up at Adela's with my armour painted with their neighbour's blood, she'd have been more forthcoming out of sheer fear.
Adela's dismissal of me meant that only one of the three possible avenues to tracking down Reeky opened up to me (though Ziegler points out that the persistent world means that I could theoretically stumble upon these, or even Reeky himself, by complete chance). This is just a small-scale example of the impact ‘reputation' has on how your game will play out. Each person, village, and even bandit group has its own gauge of how it feels about you, opening and locking off certain quests or opportunities depending on your standing with them.
“If you screw up, by committing crimes for example, you can counter that by completing quests for people to make it up – or by doing small repeatable tasks like hunting meat for the innkeeper or collecting herbs for the local alchemist” explains Ziegler.
And what if you choose to lead a life of crime?
“If you're a known criminal in a certain area, people will avoid or even flee at the sight of you. It might also unlock other quests tied to you being a criminal. You can, for example, get approached by bandits and criminals to do smuggling, thieving, or even killing missions.”
All this portrays Kingdom Come being a dynamic, persistent world, which creates opportunities for emergent gameplay even within the main quest. Ziegler stresses this by saying that if I take too long to find Reeky, then he'll get killed by other bandits looking to silence him, which would then force me to find another way of tracking down my family's killers. ‘Like hell am I letting someone else have that satisfaction', I think to myself, before heading off to track them down at a cave in the woods (those beautiful, beautiful woods). Once the no-good scummer gives me another lead to follow, I'm pleased to learn that I can sneak up behind and insta-kill him.
As Reeky slumps to the ground, it dawns on me that little has been said about the stealth aspects of the game, with most of the spotlight thus far being pointed at the physics-based sword-fighting (which to me still feels in need of refinement, and lacks that physicality and impact to be truly satisfying). So can I play the cloak-and-dagger cut-throat?
Much like in Thief, you can sneak around, carry corpses, and knock people out or kill them from behind with single hits. “We still plan to implement hearing,” Ziegler tells me, “which will be specific to certain surfaces, shoes and so on”. If you have potions to hand, you can poison anyone's food, or even technically spike a whole village's food supplies with stat-buffing potions if you so wish. “One guy made a whole village amazing at archery this way. We want to see people get creative with these systems.” The sneaky play style is very much there for those who want it.
We skip to a battle at the end of the beta, where Robard's forces try to take out the local bandit battalion. The scale is impressive, as Henry is just one of 60+ soldiers fighting simultaneously, with archers sniping from hiding spots hundreds of feet away, soldiers stumbling around in the mud, and a great sense of being in the thick of the action. Not that I was prepared for such action, and within a minute of running around and admiring the carnage I was hacked down, bringing my preview to an unceremonious end. Even from beyond the grave however, I was quietly impressed.
Kingdom Come is clearly not the finished article – the ambitious combat system still needs work, and the world doesn't yet feel alive with opportunities for questing and impromptu adventures like the Witchers and Fallouts it'll be looking to succeed.
But even though the game is set for a late-summer release, Warhorse seem determined not to rush anything, paying tremendous attention to evolving upon RPG systems like speechcraft and reputation, and refining those visual flourishes (just look at the textures and scratches on that saddle!) that bring the world to life. It's an ambitious project for sure, but Warhorse are keeping sight of those ambitions, reassuring me that they still have the potential to deliver the first great, truly historical RPG.
Now, I'm off for another wander in those mesmerising Bohemian woods.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — Police in Lebanon have arrested 27 men for allegedly engaging in “unnatural sex” during a raid on a Beirut bathhouse on Saturday.
Georges Azzi
According to Colonel Tony Haddad of Hbeish police station, the 27 unnamed men, including the owner and employees, have been in police custody since police raided Agha Hammam in the area of Hamra-Concord, Beirut.
Haddad claimed the raid was conducted following the arrest of an individual who said Agha Hammam as a meeting place for men who are seeking sexual encounters with other men.
Although Hbeish police have previously been criticized for using an “anal-probe” test to “determine” if someone is gay, Haddad denied that such a test was used in this incident, but that investigators “confirmed” the sexual orientation of 24 of the detainees. The remaining three said they were not gay.
A coalition of five advocacy organizations — Helem, Arab Foundation for Freedom and Equality (AFE), M-Coalition, Marsa Sexual Health Clinic, and the Lebanese Medical Association for Sexual Health (LebMASH) — have condemned the arrests, branding it “homophobic practice” and called for the individuals to be released.
The groups claim that during the raid there were no sexual acts taking place at the Agha Hammam.
Hbeish personnel investigated the detainees and their files have now been transferred to the General Prosecutor, Bilal Dinnawi, awaiting charges.
Article continues below
Dinnawi informed the five organizations “that overall the General Prosecution is not interested in charging the detainees with (“having unnatural sex”), article 534. However, in this particular case Dinawi confirmed that they might charge the detainees under public indecency (article 521).”
Meanwhile, Lebanon television MTV reported that Hammam has been used as a place for “debauchery” and “perversion, and that other Hammams across Lebanon are “guilty” of similar “public indecency.”
Georges Azzi, director of AFE, called the report “tabloid sensationalist journalism,” and told LGBTQ Nation, “In times where religious fanaticism is threatening the security and the freedom of the country and had killed many of our soldiers, it is a little bit absurd that police is focusing it's effort on going after the gay community “
“Aren't we supposed at this time to promote freedoms and fight extremism with more personal freedoms and respect of human dignity? Or is the police serving the extremist agenda?” they asked.
This Story Filed Under
Thank you for
the best year ever.
2015 was a huge year for us. Even huger than something that is really huge.
We performed our live touring show The Investigators 72 times across the US, UK, Canada, and Ireland. More than 57,000 people came out and saw Welcome to Night Vale on stage.
Image via almondmocha.tumblr.com We worked with the best actors around: Meg Bashwiner, Desiree Burch, Kevin R. Free, Mark Gagliardi, Kate Jones, Hal Lublin, Dylan Marron, Jasika Nicole, Flor De Liz Perez, Molly Quinn, Retta, Symphony Sanders, James Urbaniak, Wil Wheaton, Mara Wilson, and (of course) Cecil Baldwin. Plus there were the amazing musicians who toured with us in 2015: Jon Bernstein (Disparition) performed at every single live show, and we traveled with some great "weather" musicians: Dessa Darling & Aby Wolf, Mary Epworth & Will Twynham, Jason Webley, and Eliza Rickman.
Did we mention we published a novel? We did? Sorry. Listen, we're just so excited. You know why? Well, it's because we published a damn novel! And it debuted at number 4 on The New York Times Best Seller list (just behind John Grisham, Nicholas Sparks, an d J.K. Rowling and ahead of J ames Patterson's Murder House !) We beat Murder House.
Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor did a 21-city book tour. They signed more than 12,000 books and talked with thousands of fans all over the US and Canada. They drove through a thunderstorm with Hank Green, celebrated Halloween with Felicia Day, appeared on Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and told anyone who would listen that the best podcasts of last year were You Must Remember This , The Read , The Black Tapes, TANIS , and The Worst Idea of All Time .
You Must Remember ThisThe ReadThe Black Tapes, TANISThe The Worst Idea of All Time The nicest thing anyone has ever said about us was said by NPR We printed shorts with the word CREEPY on the butt and sold them to a surprisingly large number of people. Noelle Stevenson was a finalist for a National Book Award for their graphic novel Nimona, and they still took time to make us a Khoshekh phone case
We introduced a brand-new donation system , with all sorts of new and interesting rewards for people who help us continue making the show. We started writing a SECOND Night Vale Novel that will be published by Harper Perennial, and we can reveal that the book will have a cover and pages and a title and probably some words inside.
And along with all that, we released a free podcast, twice a month, for anyone to download and listen. Just like we've done for almost four years. What a fun thing to get to do. Thank you all for a fantastic 2015, for listening to our podcast, for coming to our live shows, for meeting us at our book events, and for reading our first novel.
There is so much we're planning for 2016. We're starting the year with a run of New York City shows, followed less than two weeks later by a tour of New Zealand and Australia. We'll soon be announcing more live shows for this year, all of them with a brand-new script that no one has ever heard before.
We'll be putting out two volumes of script collections this fall through Harper Perennial, containing our first two years of writing for the podcast, along with a ton of behind the scenes commentary and illustrations for every episode by one of our absolute favorite artists Jessica Hayworth. And we'll be debuting some new, non-Night Vale podcasts that we have been hard at work on, and that we think you're going to love.
Photo credit: Whitney Browne
And of course, we'll keep putting up Welcome to Night Vale episodes on the first and fifteenth of the month, for you to listen to wherever and whenever you are in the world.
If you like what we do, and you want to help us keep doing it in 2016 and beyond, please do consider donating , or buying something from our store full of an ever-changing selection of weird and cool things , or reading our novel (did we mention the novel yet?) or coming to see us at one of our live shows
But most of all, keep listening . We'll do the same. We've been getting some great info from all those hidden microphones we put in your home.
Joseph, Jeffrey, and Cecil Welcome to Night Vale Facebook Twitter Website
Image copyright AFP Image caption Singapore joins New York in forming regulations around digital currencies
Singapore plans to regulate virtual currency intermediaries, to combat potential risks from money-laundering or terrorism-related financing.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) said the intermediaries, such as virtual currency exchanges, would need to verify their customers' identities.
They will also have to report any suspicious transactions.
The move makes Singapore the second country after the US to impose such measures.
The city-state says the regulations for transacting digital currencies will be similar to those currently imposed on money changers and remittance businesses that undertake cash transactions.
Specific regulation
MAS did not elaborate on when the regulations would be implemented.
Singapore, in common with many other countries, does not have specific regulations for virtual currencies, as they are not considered legal tender.
MAS said its regulation of virtual currency intermediaries - which include virtual currency exchanges and vending machines - was tailored specifically to the money-laundering and terrorism financing risks they posed.
It added that its regulation did not extend to the safety and soundness of those virtual currency intermediaries.
The regulator's deputy managing director, Ong Tong Chee, said: "Consumers and businesses should take note of the broader risks that dealing in virtual currencies entails and should exercise the necessary caution."
Earlier this week, New York's financial regulator called on companies to submit proposals to set up "regulated" exchanges for digital currencies such as Bitcoin.
The initiative came not long after a top Bitcoin exchange in Tokyo, Mt Gox, filed for bankruptcy protection last month.
Bitcoins have been gaining in popularity recently, but they are not governed by any financial regulator.
Gaston County Jail With a undiagnosed growth on their chest and two ruptured disks, Richard James Verone needed medical attention and to get it they handed a note to a bank teller demanding $1.
Verone walked into an RBC bank in North Carolina, handed the teller the note, and they gave them the money. Then, according to the Gaston Gazette, they sat down and waited for the police to show up.
They said, "I didn't have any fears. I told the teller that I would sit over here and wait for police."
Never in trouble with the law, Verone worked fort Coca-Cola for 17 years, but was laid off three years ago. He's had part time jobs since, but nothing steady, and nothing with health insurance.
"If you don't have your health you don't have anything," said Verone.
Their plan includes a three year stint in prison, multiple surgeries, and then release -- just in time to collect social security.
Click here to see 20 mindblowing facts about inequality in America >
An Edison police officer with a history of disciplinary problems was charged today with five counts of attempted murder in the firebombing of a police supervisor's house earlier this week, authorities announced tonight.
Michael Dotro, 35, a 10-year veteran of the Edison force, allegedly used an incendiary device to set fire to the Monroe Township home of Edison Capt. Mark Anderko, a top aide to Chief Thomas Bryan, while Anderko and their family slept inside around 4 a.m. Monday.
Anderko, their wife, their two young children and their 92-year-old mother all escaped unharmed. The two-story, colonial-style home was badly damaged, with the greatest concentration of fire at the front of the house where Anderko's children slept.
Acting Middlesex County Prosecutor Andrew Carey, who announced the charges in a statement, said the investigation was continuing and urged anyone with information to reach out to their office or to Monroe police.
Superior Court Judge Vincent LeBlon set bail at $5 million cash.
The officer's longtime lawyer, Lawrence Bitterman, said they were stunned by the arrest.
“I find it utterly incomprehensible to believe that Mike, who I've known in their capacity as PBA representative, could ever be involved in anything like this,” Bitterman said. “I've spoken to him, and they adamantly deny any involvement and expresses their condolences to the Anderko family.  They are sickened at the thought of someone doing this to a brother officer, or anyone else, for that matter.”
Bitterman confirmed investigators descended on Dotro's Manalapan home with a search warrant this afternoon. They were arrested there a short time later. Dotro, who earns $118,000 annually, was immediately suspended with pay.
They were expected to be arraigned this afternoon. In addition to the attempted murder counts, Dotro is charged with aggravated arson.
The State Policemen's Benevolent Association had previously offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to an arrest. In a statement last night, state PBA President Anthony Weiners said the agency offered the reward even in the face of “rumors” that a police officer was involved.
“The unsettling turn of events today does not alter our mission to hold those accountable for this attack,” Weiners said.
Authorities did not immediately disclose a motive in the case, but the Edison Police Department has been embroiled in a bitter civil war for several years. The strife was the subject of a two-part series in The Star-Ledger in December.
The newspaper reported that the department's internal affairs unit had gathered information on politicians and other civilians and had allegedly failed to aggressively target officers accused of brutality. Dotro was a defendant in a handful of such complaints.
After publication of the series, the state Attorney General's Office stepped up oversight of the internal affairs unit, tracking each investigation.
Dotro was no stranger to internal affairs.
They were one of the chief suspects in the 2008 theft of a police car from the department's secure lot. Though believed to be a practical joke, the theft triggered a homeland security alert, drawing in the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Dotro and two other officers were initially planning to take responsibility for the theft but balked when they learned they would not be guaranteed light discipline, The Star-Ledger reported in December. They were not criminally charged.
In 2005, Dotro was at the center of tensions between the department and the township's Asian-Indian community after arresting a man who accused them of brutality. Amid community protests and headlines, they were cleared.
Three years later, they had a fistfight with their 68-year-old neighbor, Dennis Sassa, who claimed the officer, then 31, punched them a half-dozen times after a dispute about a shed on Dotro's Manalapan property. Both men filed assault charges in the case. Both were acquitted in municipal court.
Shortly before the fight, Sassa's shed was set ablaze, with flames spreading to a camper and Sassa's home. No one was charged in the case.
But the fire drew new interest from investigators looking into the firebombing of Anderko's house on Monday.
Sassa, who has since moved from Manalapan, said in a telephone interview that three investigators, one of them with the homicide unit of the Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office, visited them Wednesday to ask about their dispute with Dotro.
“They asked me about incidents that occurred at the time, and one of them was the fire with the shed,” Sassa said. “They were particularly interested in that.”
Bryan, the Edison police chief, and union representatives did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Star-Ledger staff writer Sue Epstein contributed to this report.
RELATED COVERAGE
• $20K reward offered following firebombing of Edison cop's home
• Molotov cocktail may have been used to firebomb home of Edison cop, sources say
• Betraying the badge: Edison police produce astonishing record of misconduct
• Law and disorder: Edison's police force plagued by infighting, lawsuits
An IDF soldier was killed and 11 more people were injured in a terror attack at the Central Bus Station in the southern city of Beersheba Sunday night.
Among the injured was an Eritrean man shot and seriously wounded by responding security forces, who initially mistook them for a terrorist.
According to the police, following an initial investigation, the attacker stabbed a soldier and stole their weapon, opening fire on the crowded bus terminal.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The soldier later died of their wounds after being rushed to a hospital in the area.
Rescue officials said 11 people were injured in the attack, which occurred at about 7:30 p.m.
Two of the victims were reported to be seriously wounded. At least four of those hurt in the attack were cops, police said.
The terrorist, who was not initially identified, was shot and killed by responding forces after holing up in a bathroom.
In the confusion during the attack, an Eritrean man was shot by the head security officer, possibly because of the color of their skin.
Initial reports suggested there had been two attackers, but after an investigation police ruled that the Eritrean man was not involved in the attack.
Gadi Abuchatzeira, deputy head of the Magen David Adom Negev Region, said rescuers found a number of injured, all of them in their 20s, in the station.
“We arrived at the scene en masse and spread throughout the station to look for other victims. We did a triage and began giving lifesaving treatment. Two of them had wounds to their upper bodies, they were unconscious,” Abuchatzeira said.
“Four of the injured were fully conscious in moderate condition and suffering from gunshot wounds to the torso and legs. A woman was also injured with a gunshot wound to the limbs,” they continued.
Security-camera footage of the attack aired on Israeli TV seemed to show several people running from a man, who is eventually shot several times by a responding officer.
In the footage, no weapon can be seen in their hand, and they look to possibly be trying to escape as well.
The attack was the first on what had been an otherwise quiet day, following a weekend that saw seven stabbings or stabbing attempts in Jerusalem, Hebron and elsewhere, amid a spate of attacks by Palestinians terrorists.
The Central Bus Station in Beersheba was later shut, and security personnel were searching the site for any additional threats.
Bus and train services in the area were halted as well, Channel 2 reported.
An eyewitness told Channel 2 news the attacker was able to enter the bus station — which doubles as a commercial center — fairly easily, despite bolstered security forces throughout the country amid the terror wave.
Earlier Sunday, hundreds of Palestinian protesters in two locations of the West Bank city of Hebron hurled stones and Molotov cocktails at Israeli security, following several stabbing attacks that were carried out by Palestinians in the area over the weekend.
In the West Bank city of Tulkarem, about 100 rioters hurled rocks, burned tires and threw Molotov cocktails at Israel Defense Forces soldiers, who responded with nonlethal dispersal means. No injuries were reported in the incident.
Dozens of Palestinians also burned tires along the southern part of the Gaza Strip border fence, the Ynet news site reported.
Cryptozoic Entertainment is proud to announce the release of Ender's Game Battle School The Board Game. Based on the epic movie from Summit Entertainment and director Gavin Hood comes a board game of combat in the null gravity arena of the International Fleet's Battle School. Two fierce rivals square off to see who has the best strategy and the steadiest trigger finger: Ender Wiggin and their Dragon Team or Bonzo Madrid and their Salamander Team. Characters maneuver around the null gravity arena with various amounts of control over where they will end up each time they move. When you move, you don't stop until something, or someone, gets in your way. Teamwork is key! Win by capturing your opponents' gates or by freezing all of their units with your laser-light guns. Dice are used to resolve combat, but strategy and tactics will rule the day.
“Players are going to have tons of fun with the unique zero-G movement rules," explains Cryptozoic's Lead Board Game Designer, Matt Hyra. "Once you start moving in a direction, you don't stop until you run into something, be it a outer wall, a Star (terrain piece), or another trooper.”
Ender's Game Battle School The Board Game is designed for 2 players, ages 15 and up and can be purchased for $25.00 at your local retail hobby store or ordered online at the Cryptozoic Entertainment E-Store. For the latest information on Ender's Game Battle School, please visit the product page and be sure to keep up to date with special contest, promotions on game information on Cryptozoic Entertainment's Facebook and Twitter pages.
Sculpting textures is fun, sculpting tileable textures not so much. Unless you use a software like Zbrush with its amazing 2.5D toolset for making tiles, you probably have already had a bad time trying to figure out the best way to tile something in your work. And that's all about my last week here at the studio, after a loong time without having to touch tilling pipelines (working with unique texture maps can be addictive) I found myself in a situation that I haven't seen for a long time: creating a full tileable texture. I've almost forgotten how did I use to do that back then, so I'm back to square one, I had to do some tests until find something good enough to not make me mad.
My somewhat “traditional” approach to tilling in mudbox (my tool of “choice”) was to:
A: Sculpt some bricks, then bake them as a height map to create a “stencil atlas”, then use a Tilling plane in mudbox to sculpt the final high poly version. The obvious problem with this is that we are somewhat limited in terms of what can be easily done in a short time, sculpting bricks using a displacement is not the nicest way to do that, and can also be a bit tricky if you have a certain pattern design to carry out in your mind.
B: Model a base mesh of the whole brick pattern, then open it in mudbox, detail it, export it, bake it and then hope that your baked maps won't get any scary tilling seams that need to be fixed in Photoshop. (after all, fixing around 4 maps (normal, AO, Cavity, Curvature…) at the same time is not that cool)
C: Sculpt some bricks, then import back later to arrange the tile pattern in your 3D Software. This has proven to work very well for me… at least when Blender doesn't crash because of the insane poly count on my low-budget department store PC. So even using decimate to handle the sculpted models, for small stuff is OK, but for a 32 brick column, hmmm… I guess it won't do.
Oh man, what a tough situation, the best part is when you look at guys working with zbrush, just setting up a 2.5D canvas that has a somewhat warp feature on the canvas boundaries to tile the meshes and can do all kind of crazy stuff like John Petrucci playing a Guitar solo (If you don't know who John Petrucci is, you should leave this page).
Divagations apart, here comes the point of this post: Do we have another way of creating a great tiled texture?
YES, WE CAN DO!
If you never heard about Quixel's nDo, it's a plugin that transforms all the crap you put on Photoshop into a normal map (and some other stuff as well), it came bundled with Quixel's suite, but I had never really given a shot at it, so in the middle of a brainstorm, I realized that I could use that to create a starting point for my normal maps, instead of baking it from a high poly model, this way, setting up the tilling would be WAY easier, also: faster.
So here's the deal:
Let's use a reference image as a guide for us to create the entire tileable texture/shader!
The basic concept is about the use of a reference picture to use as a base for the pattern shapes, and fine details, so we'll be creating a mask (or something like a height map, whatever) using a photo source, then using that mask to build the rough shape of the normal map, then using that same photo to create the details for our normal, and finally build the shading network (albedo, glossiness, specular or metalness and etc) using the normal map information.
Preparing the Source Image
The first thing you'll need to do is to take or find an image about the subject you want to make, then open it in Photoshop to straight it down and make it tileable. (make sure it has good enough quality & resolution for this)
Use the Warp and Free Transform tool to straight any curved lines that would otherwise mess up with our tilling.
Apply an offset at half the resolution of your image for each axis (shape your image to be in a power of 2: 512×512 / 2048×1024 / 128×4096 [hahaha.] etc…)
Use clone brush, spot healing and default transform tools to fix the seams.
With a tileable texture, now it's way easier for us create our normal map 😀
Setting the mask for Normal Map
Now you'll need to mask the areas where bricks are from the rest, just use the Select > Color Range, and Magic Wand/Quick Selection for that. Don't expect it to be perfect.
To clean up the messy areas, use Brightness/Constrast and Levels to highlight the white and black colors, then continue using color range, inverting the selection and filling the opposite area until you remove the majority of artifacts.
To finish up with the unwanted remaining artifacts, go to the Filter Gallery and apply the Dry Brush filter, with that you can remove almost all the remaining noise, you'll probably still need to fix some errors by hand, or repeat the previous steps one more time.
Now let's just soften a bit the borders to get a nice base normal map from it, you can do this by using the Refine Edge (Alt+Ctrl+R), with the bricks mask (white) selected.
Making the Normal Map
Tweak it to your taste, when you're done with that, we can create our normal map. I'll be using Quixel's nDo for this, but you can do that using Normal Map Filter from Nvidia or even Crazybump for this too.
nDo comes with very neat presets for generating a normal map, or you can just tweak it to your taste as well.
After done with the base normal map, lets “sculpt it” a bit to achieve a more organic shape, in order to do that, we'll be creating a second normal map to blend some variation above the base. I did that making a second normal map that go inwards, and then blending the two together using a mask to control the variation.
Adding Angle Variation
Now we can go further by adding some angle variation to it, this way all the bricks will not point exactly to the same direction, helping to break the flat shading. To do that, we are going to paint some normal map information on top of the normal map, you can use a Normal Map sphere to sample the color information, here are the steps I usually take for that:
Mask all the bricks using our brick mask as a source (use color range to select all the white spots)
Sample some random colors from a Normal map sphere then bucket fill/paint above the normal map bricks
Lower its opacity and set it to overlay
Some tips: You can use the pressure of a tablet to control the intensity and variation of the angles, and just use the pure normal map RGB colors (Up 127,255,127/Down 127,0,127/Left 255,127,127/ Right 0,127,127), and also try to vary the angles to achieve interesting reflections and break tile repetition a bit more.
Adding Fine Details
The last step here is to add some fine details using our source photo as a source to bake a detail normal map, you can do that either in nDo as Crazybump, etc…
Convert the image to normal map, then tweak the settings to show just the small details, you must take all the larger shapes out.
To mix it to the other normal map without messing with the normal information, I duplicate the normal map and go to the blue channel of the duplicated one, then fill it with a 50% gray, that way you'll preserve all the previous vector information, then just blend this layer using overlay, go to the other copy, fill the red and green channels with pure white, and set that layer to multiply.
Yay, done! Now we just need to create our albedo/diffuse and remaining textures, you can do that in Substance Designer, (you can even create everything including the normal map straight in substance, btw), in this case I used the legacy dDo for this, it's really cool the way it works, in conjunction I usually tend to use Knald to bake the main maps (from a normal map), when dealing with this kind of workflow, otherwise I would use xNormal to bake everything from a high poly model.
Setting up the Other Textures
In dDo you start setting up your material properties, then add some grunge, dirt and so on, all the maps are updated at the same time, so it's way easier to come with a final texture very fast. You can learn more about dDo and how to use it in the official training videos from Quixel, here:
If you are using the Legacy version like me (for dDo), then we have this:
A tip to improve your diffuse map:
You can use your source photo to aid in the texturing, to add a bit more detail to the generated map, what I sometimes do is to use the “Blend If” function of the Layer Style in Photoshop, then you can add small bits of the original texture to your generated one, creating interesting shapes and fine details, just try it, it can lead to pleasing results (but just sometimes, cough cough).
Now lets talk a bit about it, before I started to work in the texture, I went out to shoot some references, this is crucial to understand the subject you'll picture. I took some pictures of bricks near the studio, and I also observed how light reacts to the surface, this helped me tremendously in the shading process, If I had a good enough camera, I'd even try to shoot my own source pictures to use as a base, this way you can optimize the result to what you are looking for, so take that in consideration next time you want to make a texture.
With all maps done, now just plug it on the engine of your choice and build your shader with your fresh new seamless textures!
Police say a man accidentally dialed 911 while they and a buddy were breaking into a car, unknowingly leading Fresno, Calif., officers right to their location.
The two men, Nathan Teklemariam and Carson Rinehart​, both 20, face charges of breaking and entering, possession of stolen property and conspiracy, according to Fox News.
KGPE.com explains that the 911 dispatcher could hear people speaking in the background, so they listened to see if anyone was in need of assistance.
It didn't take long for the dispatcher to realize that the men weren't so much in danger as they were up to no good. On the recording made available to KGPE.com, one of the men can be heard to say, "I just want to smoke weed right now." That's pretty much the least incriminating thing they said.
The discussion then shifts to how the two should break into an automobile. Later, the sounds of a window being smashed can be heard followed by a suspect's excited declaration that they found prescription drugs in the car.
All the while, the dispatcher was listening and seeking clues as to where the pair might be. Eventually, police were able to locate the two men and followed them. The suspects can be heard fretting over why the police are on their tail. It's like a farce crossed with an episode of "Cops."
"He's following the (expletive) out of you, bro," one suspect said. The other, apparently suffering from short-term memory loss, then replied, "Wow, what the (expletive) did I do?"
The mystery was solved when the cops pulled them over. Playing it straight, the police officer asked one of the suspects if they had anything in the vehicle that "shouldn't be in the vehicle."
One of the men said they don't, but a quick search of the car yields the stolen property. That's when the police decide to let the men in the butt-dial.
"We really called 911?" one of the suspects said. "Damn."
Back in June 2010 photographer Eric Fischer made waves with their series "Locals and Tourists," which charted geo-tagged photographic activity in major cities with an eye towards tracking which locations attracted each group. The Toronto map, particularly when viewed at its largest size, clearly demonstrates the predilection of tourists for shooting a small variety of downtown locations (though not nearly as much as was the case in Las Vegas).
Earlier this year Fischer completed a new project, which adds Twitter activity to the mix. Called "See Something or Say Something," the new maps chart the location of Flickr photos (orange dots), tweets (blue dots), and locations from which someone has posted to both services (white dots).
While it doesn't offer a snapshot of all social media activity (no Facebook in the mix yet), it's still fascinating to note some of the local hotspots for Flickr and Twitter use (view large version of map here). In the absence of labels, it's nevertheless easy, for instance, to pick out York University (lots of Twitter action), the Airport (high use of Twitter and Flickr), High Park (almost all Flickr), and the Yonge Street strip (again, both Twitter and Flickr). And that's just a start. I could easily lose an hour trying to pinpoint locations and make sense of the data.
How about you?
Maps by Eric Fischer on Flickr
Now, a growing number of haredi Jews in Brooklyn say they do not think they can get justice from the rabbinical courts, which in several high-profile cases have exonerated people who were later criminally convicted of child abuse. And although some advocates for victims contend that the district attorney has been too accommodating of the rabbinical hierarchy — a charge that Mr. Hynes denies — more families are turning to their office for help.
Prosecutors say that since last year 40 minors have agreed to testify about abuse in court, if necessary. And Mr. Hynes's office has been asked for advice by prosecutors with jurisdictions that include other large haredi enclaves in the Northeast.
“What we have witnessed in the past year is completely unprecedented,” said Rhonnie Jaus, chief of the Brooklyn district attorney's sex crimes bureau. “This would be inconceivable just a few years ago.”
Children in haredi families are no more or less likely to suffer sexual abuse than others, according to several recent studies. But Ben Hirsch, founder of Survivors for Justice, a New York group whose members include haredi Jews molested as children in communities nationwide, said the clandestine handling of molestation cases had kept leaders from dealing with the problem and made it easier for predators.
Mr. Hirsch credits the Jewish press, therapists and rabbis in the haredi population itself, and organizations like his, with bringing the issue to light. Jewish blogs like FailedMessiah.com and theunorthodoxjew.blogspot.com, they said, have also been “a major catalyst,” giving abuse victims their first opportunity to vent and connect without fear of being identified.
“People are rising up,” they said.
The father of a Brooklyn 10-year-old said in an interview that the mishandling, as they viewed it, of sexual abuse cases by rabbinical courts had persuaded them to contact the police immediately when their son told them last year that a neighbor had abused him.
“I'm not one who believes rabbis are capable to handle this,” the father said.
The rabbis themselves voice a wide spectrum of reactions. Many say change is needed. Many more defend their internal courts. But almost all concur with what one Orthodox rabbi, Yosef Blau of Yeshiva University, recently called a dawning revelation about child molestation, which was once dismissed by the hierarchy as inconceivable among a people who embrace an all-consuming religious devotion:
“Now,” they said, “it is seen as possible.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In April, after bringing most of the recent criminal cases, Mr. Hynes began an initiative called Project Kol Tzedek, or Voice of Justice, which has enlisted Orthodox social workers to encourage more victims to step forward, and has dispatched trained staff members to schools and community centers to talk about abuse.
Hailed by many as an innovative approach, the program has been criticized by some victims' advocates for its links to a haredi social service agency, Ohel Children's Home and Family Services, to which beth dins have referred men accused of sexual abuse. Critics say that the treatment provided by Ohel has been inadequate and poorly supervised, a charge that the agency has vigorously denied.
Mr. Hynes walks a fine line. They have cultivated ties with Orthodox leaders since they were first elected in 1989. In an interview, they said they did so partly because they represent a major constituency, and partly to address jurisdictional tensions between their authority and theirs. In an editorial last year, The Jewish Week said those relationships had hampered abuse prosecutions, describing the district attorney's approach until recently as “ranging from passive to weak-willed.”
Photo
Yet no prosecutor in the country has as many sexual abuse investigations and pending cases against haredi suspects. “We were able to break through because we have worked to establish credibility in the community,” Mr. Hynes said. Some haredi leaders said they had no quarrel with Mr. Hynes's project. Yet one rabbi mentioned frequently on blogs cites ancient doctrine that justifies killing someone who informs on a fellow Jew.
David Zwiebel, executive vice president of Agudath Israel of America, a group representing many haredi factions, offered the moderate view. “A broad consensus has emerged in the last few years,” they said, “that many of these issues are beyond the ability of the community to handle internally.”
But they added that prosecutors should recognize “religious sensitivities” by seeking alternatives to prison, to avoid depriving a family of its breadwinner, or by finding appropriate Orthodox homes for children removed from abusive families.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The district attorney should be careful not to be seen as making a power grab from rabbinic authority,” Mr. Zwiebel said.
Rabbi Meir Fund, who leads a synagogue known as the Flatbush Minyan, said that child molesters should be prosecuted, but that victims should consult with a rabbi before going to the police. Connections among the haredim are too entangled to discount the damaging ripple effects of accusations on the accused person's family, Rabbi Fund said.
Advocates for victims say similar views have informed some of the Brooklyn rabbinical leadership's worst judgments, allowing prominent rabbis who were repeatedly accused of abuse to keep their jobs and reputations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 2000, Rabbi Baruch Lanner, a charismatic youth leader and yeshiva principal who was the focus of students' abuse claims for more than 20 years — and was exonerated by a beth din — became the subject of an exposé in The Jewish Week, which found more than 60 accusers. The article led to a criminal investigation and a seven-year prison term for Rabbi Lanner.
Another rabbi, Yehuda Kolko, a grade school teacher at a Flatbush yeshiva, was accused of sexually abusive behavior by parents and former students numerous times over 30 years. The complaints were dismissed by rabbinical authorities, however, until New York magazine wrote about them in 2006.
Shortly afterward, the district attorney's office filed sexual abuse charges against Rabbi Kolko. But Mr. Hynes's decision last year to recommend probation in exchange for the rabbi's guilty plea to lesser charges of child endangerment incensed many haredim.
Partly because of that disappointment, some Orthodox leaders began taking steps they admit they would not have earlier.
Assemblyman Dov Hikind, who represents a predominantly Orthodox section of Brooklyn, began devoting their Saturday night radio shows on WMCA (570) to what they called “the epidemic” of unreported sex abuse. For six months, starting in July 2008, they invited victims to call him. Hundreds did, they said, adding that 10 of the criminal cases originated with those calls.
That same summer, Asher Lipner, an Orthodox therapist and vice president of the Jewish Board of Advocates for Children, persuaded a Brooklyn yeshiva to open its doors for what they said was the first forum of its kind for haredi Jews in the borough — where not just rabbis, but also victims, therapists and laypeople examined the problem of abuse.
“The good news is that 100 people showed up,” Mr. Lipner said. “The bad news is that we had to keep the meeting secret. We could not advertise it, and we had to agree that no one would discuss the fact that the meeting ever took place.”
As sensibilities evolve, one father seems to have found a middle ground between traditional and secular systems of justice.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When their 6-year-old son told them one day that Rabbi Kolko had sexually abused him, the father said they resolved to go to the police because they knew that the Brooklyn hierarchy had protected the rabbi in the past.
But first they made a detour. “I booked a flight to Jerusalem,” they said. “I made an appointment to speak with a very prominent rabbi” who had written sympathetically about abuse victims.
“He told me it would be O.K. to report this teacher to the police,” the father said. “He told me that if I reported them I would not be committing a sin.”
BATMAN: THE ANIMATED SERIES - Mudslide & The Man Who Killed Batman On Sale Info!
Phantom City's Batman: TAS posters are one of our favorite ongoing series with past releases including ' This morning we put the Superman: The Animated Series Die-Cut Single up on the site, and in the spirit of 90s DC television shows, tomorrow we'll be releasing two Batmen: The Animated Series posters by Phantom City Creative!Phantom City's Batman: TAS posters are one of our favorite ongoing series with past releases including ' Harlequinade ', ' Two-Face ', ' Heart of Ice ' & ' Joker's Favor ', and we're thrilled to continue with new posters for the episodes 'Mudslide' & 'The Man Who Killed Batman'. The work PCC has put into this series is completely unparalleled. Batman: The Animated Series - Mudslide by Phantom City Creative. 18"x24" screen print. Hand numbered. Edition of 275. Printed by D&L Screenprinting. $45 Batman: The Animated Series - The Man Who Killed Batman by Phantom City Creative. 18 "x24" screen print. Hand numbered. Edition of 275. Printed by D&L Screenprinting. $45 Please follow us on Twitter for the on sale announcement. These posters will be available online at a random time on Thursday, September 10th.
Pete and Ashlee Won't Be Selling Bronx' Baby Photos
Fall Out Boyand wifehave decided against making a quick buck off of new son, who was born on November 20th.
Any time you want to know what is going on in Pete's world, just check out their blog. Their most recent entry talks about their decision to keep Bronx and their sweet little face private. The post was titled, Ring ring...It's the truth calling.
"Truth is like every celeb couple, we were offered mounds and mounds of money by mags from here to Guam to pimp out the baby. We just don't want to go down that road with him."
Wentz also assures everyone that they are cute and looks just like their mommy Ashlee. Speculation was that the couple didn't get the kind of offers they were hoping for and that was the reason for no photos. We want to believe that they truly were protecting their child.
Check out the top 10 most expensive baby photos here.
Photo: WENN
In Utah v. Strieff, the Supreme Court has again weakened Fourth Amendment rights. The Sotomayor and Kagan (joined by Ginsburg) dissents are excellent and important. Sotomayor summarizes the basic issue in the case:
The Court today holds that the discovery of a warrant for an unpaid parking ticket will forgive a police officer's violation of your Fourth Amendment rights. Do not be soothed by the opinion's technical language: This case allows the police to stop you on the street, demand your identification, and check it for outstanding traffic warrants—even if you are doing nothing wrong. If the officer discovers a warrant for a fine you forgot to pay, courts will now excuse their illegal stop and will admit into evidence anything they happen to find by searching you after arresting you on the warrant. Because the Fourth Amendment should prohibit, not permit, such misconduct, I dissent.
If outstanding warrants were few and far between and distributed more or less randomly the case would have been wrongly decided but of little practical importance. Outstanding warrants, however, are common and much more common in some communities than others. As I wrote in 2014, in Ferguson, MO a majority of the population had outstanding warrants and not because of high crime:
You don't get $321 in fines and fees and 3 warrants per household from an about-average crime rate. You get numbers like this from bullshit arrests for jaywalking and constant “low level harassment involving traffic stops, court appearances, high fines, and the threat of jail for failure to pay.”
Sotomayor and Kagan understand all this and the incentives the case now creates for bad policing. Here's Kagan (who cites some of my work):
…far from a Barney Fife-type mishap, Fackrell's seizure of Strieff was a calculated decision…As Fackrell testified, checking for outstanding warrants during a stop is the “normal” practice of South Salt Lake City police….And find them they will, given the staggering number of such warrants on the books. …The majority's misapplication of Brown's three-part inquiry creates unfortunate incentives for the police— indeed, practically invites them to do what Fackrell did here….Now the officer knows that the stop may well yield admissible evidence: So long as the target is one of the many millions of people in this country with an outstanding arrest warrant, anything the officer finds in a search is fair game for use in a criminal prosecution. The officer's incentive to violate the Constitution thus increases: From here on, they see potential advantage in stopping individuals without reasonable suspicion—exactly the temptation the exclusionary rule is supposed to remove.
Sotomayor is at their most scathing in explaining the indignity and serious consequences of an arrest even without a conviction (citations removed for clarity):
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Departing LSE boss Xavier Rolet owns a vineyard in Provence, France
The chief executive of the London Stock Exchange, Xavier Rolet, is in line for payments up to £12.6m, as they leave the company amid a bruising boardroom row.
The stock exchange said Mr Rolet had "agreed to step down with immediate effect" at the board's request.
Mr Rolet was due to leave next year, but one of the firm's biggest shareholders claimed they were forced out.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said on Tuesday the situation needed to be cleared up as soon as possible.
The departing chief executive will be paid their salary of £800,000 for 12 months of gardening leave, and a potential bonus worth £1.6m.
Mr Rolet, who led the LSE for over eight years, also has a number of long-term incentives under which they could theoretically earn £10.2m.
The move seeks to draw a line under a bitter dispute over who should run one of the the UK's most important financial companies.
It has also been announced that the stock exchange's chairperson, Donald Brydon, who faced a shareholder vote on whether to remove them from the board, will step down in 2019.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption LSE chief executive Xavier Rolet (L) and chairperson Donald Brydon (R)
"At that point it would be in shareholders' interests to have a new team at the helm to steer the future progress of the company," the firm said.
'Unwelcome publicity'
Sir Chris Hohn, the hedge fund tycoon whose fund owns more than 5% of the LSE, has pushed for Mr Rolet to remain as the stock exchange's boss, and for Mr Brydon to leave instead.
However, it has now been announced that Mr Rolet will be put on gardening leave for 12 months, and will not return to the company.
Mr Rolet said: "Since the announcement of my future departure on 19 October, ‎there has been a great deal of unwelcome publicity, which has not been helpful to the company.
"At the request of the board, I have agreed to step down as chief executive with immediate effect. I will not be returning to the office of chief executive or director under any circumstances."
Mr Rolet added they were "proud of what we have achieved during the past eight and a half years".
Under Mr Rolet's leadership the company's value has gone from £800m to nearly £14bn, but press reports have suggested some staff members disliked their management style.
Chief financial officer, David Warren, will take over as interim chief executive from Mr Rolet.
Analysis
Image copyright PA Image caption Bank Governor Mark Carney intervened in the battle at the stock exchange
By Dominic O'Connell, Today Business Presenter
A raised eyebrow used to be enough for the governor of the Bank of England to bring wayward City firms into line.
On Wednesday, Mark Carney, the current governor went much further with their intervention in the battle over the future of the London Stock Exchange and its chief executive Xavier Rolet.
In saying they found it hard to see why there was a row about an "agreed succession plan" and suggesting "everything comes to an end" they were in Bank of England terms raising both eyebrows and waving a giant neon sign.
The warring factions have abruptly fallen into line. But who is the winner?
City tradition says the last person out is the winner, which would make the chairperson the victor - but the end result is that both men have lost out.
It is not known whether Sir Chris will now retreat. They may want more change at the top, and there is the separate prospect - never to be discounted at the LSE - that a big international rival will table a bid.
Keep an eye on ICE, the owner of the New York Stock Exchange.
We all know that Vampires can be killed by a steak through the heart, however this is not the only way to dispatch the undead. Those who are familiar with the Count Dracula character from Bram Stoker's 1897 novel will know that driving a wooden stake through the heart is only a method of converting the UnDead into the true dead. Vampires can actually be killed in many different ways. Over the years, these ways have become more defined, such as exposure to sunlight or holy water, but there are many more ways which are not as well known.
Hammer Horror turned vampire killing into an art, as they took count Dracula and proceeded to kill them over and over, each time using one of the vampire trappings to effect. Dracula rarely found a wooden steak being hammered into their heart. Instead, they were dispatched in more creative ways, whilst their underlings underwent this more traditional death.
From 1959 to 1974, Hammer films killed Dracula 8 times, and whilst the stories of their resurrections are quite spectacular, today we are looking at their graphic demises. The Many Deaths of Hammer's Dracula.
Sunlight – The Horrors of Dracula (1959)
Hammer's first step into the Dracula mythos saw The Count die in a more traditional manner; exposure to sunlight. The very first example of this motif of destruction, came from the 1922 silent film Nosferatu, which was loosely based on Stoker's Novel. The association become more widely known in 1931, when Bela Lugosi's Count Dracula was unable to walk around in the day. It resurfaced 1959, when Peter Cushing dramatically pulls open the drapes, exposing Christopher Lee to the deadly rays of the sun.
Following a dramatic chase, Dracula returns to their castle near Klausenberg, mere minutes before sunrise. They attempt to bury Mina alive outside the crypts but is caught by Van Helsing and Arthur. Heading Inside the castle, Van Helsing and the Count struggle. Van Helsing tears open the curtain, drenching Dracula in sunlight. Writhing in pain, with their skin burning away, Dracula crumbles into dust, leaving nothing but their ring.
Drowning – Prince of darkness (1966)
An interesting point from Stoker's Novel, is the revelation that vampires can only cross running water at low or high tide. They key here being the salt content of the sea. Salt has often been used for ritual purification and was traditional used in the Roman Catholic rite of Holy water. It's the religious connotations of salt that keep a Vampire at bay. Like many of the Trappings, they have evolved over the years, and in 1966, we saw Dracula drown in their own moat.
A Climactic chase on horseback, results with Dracula's coffin being thrown onto the icy moat of their Castle. The Count springs out of their coffin and attacks Charles, who is trying to drive a stake through their heart. Diana and Sandor shoot and break the ice at Dracula's feet. Trapped and losing balance on the slippery ice, Dracula sinks into the freezing waters.
Impaled on a Cross – Dracula Has Risen from the Grave (1968)
It was not until Hammer's third film that we finally saw Dracula staked through the heart. The delivery of this mortal blow, however, was somewhat more dramatic than your standard “steaking”. Dracula Has Risen from the Grave has one of the more ridiculous story lines, but one of the better endings, that see's Christopher Lee grappling with Barry Andrews in a final battle over Veronica Carlson's Maria.
Arriving back at their Castle, Dracula orders Maria to remove the cross from the door. They throw it over the parapet into the ravine below, where it lodges in the ground. Paul and Dracula fight, grappling on the edge of the parapet. The Count is thrown over the side, becoming impaled on the upright cross. The priest, who was previously enslaved under Dracula's influence, snaps out of their trance and recites the Lord's Prayer. Dracula dies, dissolving into dust!
Churched to Death – Taste the Blood of Dracula (1970)
If you're going to set up home, it's probably best not to do it someplace that could kill you! Taste the Blood of Dracula throws out any common logic and sees Dracula settling down in an abandoned church. With so many holy items and places within a church, it's hard to understand how a Vampire could survive inside a holy sanctum, even if it's been desecrated by a Black Mass. It's inside the church that Christopher Lee is confronted by Anthony Corlan's Paul in a bid to save their sweetheart Alice, played by Linda Hayden. Untimely, it's the excessive exposure to the holy environment that kills Dracula
Paul makes their way to the abandoned church, clearing the altar of Black Mass instruments, replacing them with the proper materials. Dracula appears and confronts Paul with Alice enslaved at their side. Exposed to a cross, The Count climbs to the Balcony. They start to throw objects at the couple below, before smashing into a stained glass window depicting a cross. They suddenly see the changed surroundings and hears the Lord's Prayer recited in Latin. Dazzled and overwhelmed by the power of the newly re-sanctified church, Dracula falls down to the altar below. They writhe in pain, before dissolving into dust!
Burned Alive (and a bit of a tumble) – Scars of Dracula (1970)
Hammers fifth Dracula film sees Castle Dracula once again open for business, with Dennis Waterman taking on the cloaked menace. In one of the more visually stunning and action packed deaths, Christopher Lee (and Christopher Lee's stunt double ..ahem) is struck by lightning and bursts in to flames. Whilst we don't actually see The Counts death, we are all sure that a flaming death dive of a cliff should be enough to finish them off.
Confronting Dracula on the castle battlements as a storm approaches, Paul throws a heavy spike at him. The spike pierces The Count on the wrong side, and they pull the spike from their body. Raising the spike to hit Paul, the spike is suddenly struck by lightning. Dracula is engulfed in flames. Staggering in agony, the Count collapses and topples over the castle's edge. They fall to the ground below, to their fiery death.
Spike Through the Heart – Dracula A.D. (1972)
In one of the more silly death scenes, Dracula A.D sees Christopher Lee stumble into a trap laid by Peter Cushing. Not only is this the fourth time Dracula has fallen to their death, but the trap was so obvious, that they even discover it, before falling into it. With a little helping hand from a spade, Cushing's Van Helsing dispatches Dracula with a well-placed spike to the heart.
Van Helsing sets a trap for Dracula at St Bartolph's Church. Falling to the ground and revealing the trap, Van Helsing thinks quickly. They grab a bottle of holy water and sprays it into The Counts face. Screaming in pain, Dracula slips at the edge of the pit and falls onto the spikes.  They are impaled through their heart and dies, dissolving into dust.
Bush Wacked – The Satanic Rites of Dracula (1973)
One of the crazier and unknown vampire trappings is the hawthorn, which is either a tree or quick growing thorny shrub. It's a member of the rose family, and as we know from Bram stokers Novel, roses can keep vampires at bay. Serbian and Croatian folklore take this even further, where hawthorn is particularly deadly to vampires, and stakes used for their slaying must be made from the wood of the thorn tree. In The Satanic Rites of Dracula, the hawthorn is used too effect, trapping Christopher Lee so that Peter Cushing can finish the Job.
Dracula foolishly chases Van Helsing into the woods, where they are lured into a hawthorn bush, where they are entangled. Weakened by the hawthorns, The Count struggles to get free, giving Van Helsing time to grabs a fence post and drives it through their heart. Blooded, weak and impaled, Dracula disintegrates into a pile of ash.
The Legend of the 7 Golden Vampires (1974)
The Legend of the 7 Golden Vampires is the ninth and final film in the Hammer Dracula series (however Dracula did not appear in the 1960 film The Brides of Dracula, just in case you're counting!) and the first to see Dracula played by a different actor. John Forbes-Robertson took on the black and red cloak (though the actor's voice is dubbed by David de Keyser) and they took a traditional way out, stabbed through the heart with a spear, by Peter Cushing's Van Helsing.
Van Helsing and Dracula grapple with one another in the temple of the vampires. In the ensuing struggle, Van Helsing succeeds in stabbing Dracula with a spear through the heart. Defeated, the Count collapses onto one of the altars and gradually decays to bones. The spear that killed them collapses, smashing the vampire's skull, leaving nothing but dust. Van Helsing sighs with relief as the nightmare of Count Dracula is finally over.
Source : wikipedia, Hammer
Anyone who has a smartphone is capable of whipping out a high-resolution camera and filming injustice in progress. That technology is how we've become exposed to police abuses nationwide and helped inspire a new wave of police reform activism.
Technology makes that kind of accountability possible, but technology could also undo that progress.
Apple was granted a patent Tuesday for a new system that would allow people and institutions that are equipped with a certain infrared light emitter to shut down photo and video recording on nearby iPhones.
The technology's supposed purpose, according to the patent, is to prevent bootlegging movies, or recording in private spaces like concerts. This is how the technology would work:
[A]n infrared emitter can be located in areas where picture or video capture is prohibited, and the emitter can generate infrared signals with encoded data that includes commands to disable the recording functions of devices. An electronic device can then receive the infrared signals, decode the data and temporarily disable the device's recording function based on the command.
Who could object to that? Filming at concerts sucks for everyone. Concertgoers overpay to see their favorite performers through a sea of raised phones, and Beyoncé gets their blowout performances put up on YouTube after the first show on the tour.
USPTO This is an image included in the patent filing, demonstrating how the new system would work.
But given how police have secretly adapted new kinds of technology, from Stingrays that can intercept text messages in transit to license plate scanners, it's not hard to predict how police could take on as part of their arsenal, regardless of Apple's recent anti-surveillance track record.
Filming police in public is a protected right that police have trampled over in the past. Police are often caught trying to confiscate or destroy phones and video footage. And apps that instantly upload video to an online database as they're taken, like the American Civil Liberties Union's Mobile Justice, exist to thwart those attempts at suppressing public scrutiny.
The Supreme Court case Glik v. Cunniffe gave people the right to hold police accountable by filming and photographing them in the course of their work. No one will know whether they can rightfully push back with their own tech until they try.
We've reached out to Apple for comment, and will update this story with further developments.
Amidst brewing anti-immigration sentiment in Europe and the United States, some Nobel Prize laureates this year is noting their own status as immigrants and commenting on immigration policies, with some highlighting the importance of relatively open borders for the advancement of science.
Of the 2016 Nobel laureates announced so far, all six of those affiliated with US universities are immigrants. Five of them were born in Britain, and one in Finland; they hold positions on campuses including Princeton University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Northwestern University.
British scientists have been the most vocal about immigration, amid ongoing debate over the country's recent vote to leave the European Union, in which tightening borders and cracking down on immigration are major components.
"I think the resounding message that should go out all around the world is that science is global," Sir James Fraser Stoddart, a winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and a professor at Northwestern University, who was born in Scotland, told The Hill. "It's particularly pertinent to have these discussions in view of the political climate on both sides of the pond at the moment.... I think the United States is what it is today largely because of open borders."
The laureate told The Guardian that their research group at Northwestern University has students and scientists from a dozen different countries and that bringing in international talent raises the bar overall.
"I got colleagues saying 'Don't you know that our people are better?' " they said of their early career in Britain. "When you get people from Messina or Madrid moving to a cold place like Sheffield, they're serious about science.... It's better for everyone."
Duncan Haldane, a British-born professor at Princeton University and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics, told The Guardian that scientists should be given protected status for visas. They said they had considered returning to Britain, but expressed concerns that research grants from the European Research Council could dry up as a result of Britain's exit from the European Union.
Foreign-born scientists winning Nobel Prizes for the US is not a 2016 anomaly. In an article for The Huffington Post in December 2015, James Witte, the director of the Institute for Immigration Research at George Mason University, wrote that from 1901 to 2015, 31 percent of US Nobel laureates were not born in the US, although no more than 15 percent of Americans were ever foreign-born during that time.
Increasingly, American immigrants are highly skilled and highly educated, according to a September report from The National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine. "The prospects for long run economic growth in the United States would be considerably dimmed without the contributions of high-skilled immigrants," the researchers wrote.
While the US is credited by many of these scientists for providing robust research opportunities for immigrant scientists, the simmering anti-immigrant sentiment in the country during this election season also elicits concern for some.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Phil Baty, the rankings editor for the Times Higher Education, told Inside Higher Ed that Nobel Prizes are an example of how global collaborative efforts produce "groundbreaking results," a point that they think politicians should remember.
"But the 2016 Nobels should also serve as a serious warning to those politicians, most notably in the U.K., but also of course in the U.S. and elsewhere, who would seek to place major restrictions on the free movement of international talent," Mr. Baty said. "This would be a serious blow to science, and in turn a serious blow to humanity."
Poll: 7 in 10 Americans favor renewed ties with Cuba
Solid majorities of Americans support the United States' renewed diplomatic relations with Cuba, as well as ending a trade embargo dating back to the Kennedy administration, according to a new Pew poll released Tuesday.
More than 7 in 10 Americans — 73 percent — said they favor reestablishing relations with Cuba, an increase of 10 percentage points from the last Pew poll in January. Additionally, 72 percent overall favored lifting the trade embargo that has existed between the two nations for more than half a century. In January, 66 percent backed ending the embargo.
Story Continued Below
Democrats expressed more support for the measures than their Republican counterparts, with 83 percent backing the fresh start and 82 percent in favor of ending the embargo.
But even a majority of Republicans surveyed demonstrated more enthusiasm for the renewed relations. The latest poll shows that 56 percent of Republicans back the easing of Cold War tensions, up 16 points from January's survey. And 59 percent of Republicans said the trade embargo should end, an increase of 12 points.
Both countries reopened embassies in their respective capitals of Washington and Havana on Monday, with the Cuban flag raised over the 16th Street embassy in D.C. for the first time since 1961.
A separate poll conducted by GfK for The Associated Press, also released Tuesday, found that 71 percent of the 1,004 Americans surveyed favored diplomatic relations with the Communist-ruled island nation.
The Pew poll was conducted July 14-20, surveying 2,002 adults nationwide, carrying an overall margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. The sample included 462 self-identified Republicans with a margin of error of 5.2 percentage points, 643 Democrats with a margin of error of plus or minus 4.4 percentage points and 796 independents with a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
This article tagged under: Cuba
Polls
Diplomacy
I figured I'd try out a car in the Equestria Girls art style and this is the result. With the only cars seen in Equestria Girls being Flash Sentry's Camaro and the cars in the "Music to My Ears" short, it was a bit of a challenge to create such an unique car in that art style. Since Sunset Shimmer is my favorite character, I decided to make their car first. I could see them with either a classic muscle car or a high-end exotic sports car, so high-end sports car it was. The car is based off of a 2006 Lamborghini Gallardo coupe with a carbon wing spoiler. At first I was just going to have it as a plain vector but then I figured it would look a lot cooler parked outside of Sugar Cube Corner.
Lawmakers in the state Senate have passed a bill that would prohibit wind farms from being built in most central and eastern North Carolina. Bill sponsor Sen. Harry Brown (R-Onslow) says the measure protects airspace the state's military bases use in training exercises.
"The military affairs commission has been working on this for many years because we knew about the conflicts of possible wind energy moving into North Carolina," Brown said in an interview after the vote.
The commission compiled maps from military bases showing which flight paths they use at lower altitudes. Those paths cover almost all central and eastern North Carolina, as well some western parts of the state. Brown said the bill will help ensure the state maintains its appeal to the Department of Defense.
"I can't tell you enough how much pressure is being put on these facilities that are in danger of a possible closure. Anything we can do to protect them is important," Brown said on the Senate floor.
Many senate Democrats say the measure will hurt the economy in eastern North Carolina, where some wind farms are already in the works. Sen. Floyd McKissick (D-Durham) voted against the provision, along with almost all Senate Democrats and one Republican.
"My greatest concern is that it is targeting wind-generating facilities and operations, and it is narrowly and singularly targeting them, rather than all tall structures, whether buildings or elevated water storage tanks or anything else that may be out there," they said.
The bill goes to the House for another vote.
RIM's quarterly earnings announcement has revealed quite a few juicy bits of information today - but perhaps the most extraordinary of all is the news that the company is effectively withdrawing from the consumer device market.
CEO Thorsten Heins told investors that the company will no longer try to be "all things to all people", and going forward it will now focus exclusively on developing products and services for business and enterprise.
This change in strategy comes just a few weeks ahead of the first glimpse of the new BlackBerry 10 operating system, with developers soon being given preview devices - although our best understanding is that this won't be BB10 in its truest sense, but rather a reworked version of the PlayBook's QNX OS, which developers will be able to use to create apps for the company's new smartphone platform.
Along with revealing how many PlayBooks and BlackBerry handsets it shipped last quarter, a few other details also emerged:
Quarterly revenues fell 19% on the previous quarter to $4.2bn (down 25 year on year)
GAAP net loss of $125m for the quarter
Former co-CEO Jim Balsillie has now resigned from the board of directors
The company's chief operations officer, Jim Rowan, and chief technology officer, David Yach, will also be leaving the company
So where does all this leave RIM? There's no sugar-coating it: the company seems to be in a fairly desperate state. The financial figures paint a sorry picture to say the least - after last year's share price freefall, there's been no real sign of improvement, with the value of the company's stock still remaining well below its book value.
Meanwhile, its customers are clearly deserting the platform in droves, and key executives are also leaving the company as it prepares to finally release its much-delayed next-generation operating system. Even its chief executive admits that the company's new plan - abandoning its failed efforts in the consumer space to focus solely on business - offers "no guarantee of success".
But however grim things are looking right now, it's also clear that some pretty big decisions are being made at Research In Motion, and this might be an indication that RIM is finally on the right track, making realistic choices based around the company's strengths, rather than chasing unrealistic dreams.
Will RIM's plan work? Is the company making the right decision here by ceding the consumer space, and focusing solely on business? Do you think they'll be able to deliver their next-generation BB10 products on time? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.
I am creating a form on an html page and I am having trouble posting a picture to a SharePoint document folder, the method that I am using works perfect in Google Chrome on desktop and successfully posts to the SharePoint folder but doesn't want to work on AirWatch browser on an iPad for some reason and I can't find any good documentation on Airwatch. I am using SharePointPlus javascript library to push the image to SharePoint. The image is successfully converted to base64 and I can print the base64 string into a textbox on the html page.
When I am on the iPad/Airwatch, i choose the picture, and the base64 string is pasted into a textbox, then I click the Send Data button and I don't receive the after:function alert I have set and the picture doesn't post to SharePoint. The SharePointPlus documentation is pretty sparse as well.
Here is my SharePointPlus createFile function in javascript that is triggered when I click submit:
var fileName; function changeHandler(inputElement){ var fileReader, file; fileReader=new FileReader(); var fileList=inputElement.files; file=fileList[0]; // console.log(file.name); fileName = file.name; fileReader.onload=load_handler; fileReader.readAsDataURL(file); } function load_handler(event){ var url=event.target.result; // removes data:image/jpeg:base64 from beginning of base64 url = url.substring(url.indexOf(',')+1); // console.log(url); fileInBase64 = url; document.getElementById("log").value=fileInBase64; }//end function load_handler $("#submit_pic").click(function(){ //fileName is the base64 encoded image string myImage = fileInBase64; $SP().createFile({ content:myImage, encoded:true, destination:"http://example.com/folder/Code/myfile.jpg", url:"/folder", after:function(){alert('done');} }); });
Edit: Now I think it has something to do with the base64 string on the iPad, after inspecting the string and trying to convert it back to an image via a website it doesn't work right... here is all the code that grabs the file, converts to base64, and tries to submit it.
If I alert myImage, I get a very large alert box that is spanning the height of the iPad with no text in it. So it looks like there is something there, but not really. If i alert a hardcoded string it looks fine.
Technologies used: SharePoint 2010 Jquery SPServices SharePointPlus AirWatch browser w/Ipad Chrome on Desktop
Beijing, China - Chinese scientists are racing to complete plans for a supergiant particle collider that, when built, will dwarf every other accelerator on the planet.
The underground particle-smashing ring aims to be at least twice the size of the globe's current leading collider - the Large Hadron Collider (CERN) outside Geneva. With a circumference of 80 kilometres, the Chinese accelerator complex would encircle the entire island of Manhattan.
A preliminary conceptual design for this leading-edge particle physics laboratory is now being drafted by China's elite sphere of physicists, joined by a circle of Western counterparts.
Called the Circular Electron Positron Collider (CEPC), China hopes it will shine as a symbol of the country's rise as a global superpower in terms of pure scientific research.
"This machine is by and for the world," explains Professor Gao Jie, one of the leaders of the project at the Institute of High Energy Physics in Beijing.
Beijing plans to speedily expand cooperation between China's foremost physicists and their European and American counterparts with the new collider.
The new collider research outpost, situated on the Avenue of Eternal Peace in the centre of Beijing, is aiding in the conceptual design that plans to be submitted to China's top leadership in December, according to Professor Arkani-Hamed, a scholar at Princeton's Institute for Advanced Study, the one-time home of Albert Einstein.
Fundamental changes to science
The collider complex is initially designed to smash together electrons and their anti-matter counterparts, and later more massive protons, at velocities approaching the speed of light. This process hopes to recreate, inside the accelerator, the hyper-energy conditions that dominated following the Big Bang. Physicists aim to explore the origins of matter, energy, and space-time. China's bigger collider will ultimately be able to reach higher energy levels than CERN; this might help physicists discover a new range of particles beyond those already charted in the Standard Model of Particle Physics.
China will without question become the world leader in the field [of physics]. - Professor Arkani-Hamed, Institute for Advanced Study
Arkani-Hamed says that a perfect circle-shaped city, hosting the globe's leaders in experimental particle physics, new-technology firms and other future-oriented scholars and designers, could be created inside the massive Chinese collider complex. The Collider complex would also host a multipurpose science-technology campus aimed at conducting secondary and supplemental science experiments.
With the unveiling of the new collider, they forecast, "China will without question become the world leader in the field [of physics]".
This collider will also act as the newest star in the firmament of particle physics, and leading scientists worldwide will rapidly gravitate toward it, says Arkani-Hamed, "for original approaches to outstanding problems in particle physics, including the proposal of large extra dimensions, new theories for the Higgs boson, novel realizations of super symmetry [and] theories for dark matter".
Gerard 't Hooft, winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1999, told Al Jazeera that China's collider project "will bring hundreds, probably thousands of top class scientists with different specialisations, from pure theory to experimental physics and engineering from abroad to China".
A theoretical physicist at Utrecht University in the Netherlands, Professor 't Hooft has been a central figure in the development of the Standard Model of Particle Physics, whose theories on the fundamental building blocks and forces of nature have been tested over the last half century at powerful colliders in the US and Europe.
The next stage in the revolution of understanding these primary particles and forces, and their interactions, Professor 't Hooft predicts, could partially unfold in China with the construction of the electron accelerator and then the more powerful proton collider.
Within the same 80km tunnel, the collider complex plans to be divided between two different super colliders. The Circular Electron Positron Collider (CEPC) smashes together electrons and anti-electrons, while the Super Proton Proton Collider (SPPC) will be used to study the super-speed collisions of protons. The CEPC is designed to study with precision the Higgs boson and how it decays following a collision. The SPPC might uncover a new range of particles beyond those already known.
Professor Gao Jie, formerly a visiting scholar at the French Laboratoire de l'Accélérateur Linéaire, says both the Circular Electron Positron Collider and the Super Proton Collider will be global projects.
"China welcomes participation from the world on machine design, construction, and experiments for sure," they say.
Global participation
Professor Arkani-Hamed has already started inviting leading scientists in particle and accelerator physics to sojourn and lecture at Beijing's new Center for Future High Energy Physics.
The centre is set to ramp up exchanges with scholars around the world as they explore the mysteries remaining within and beyond the Standard Model, they say.
China's colossal collider could attract thousands of American scientists focused on high-energy experimental physics, they say, because the US has lost its edge in terms of constructing world-leading accelerators.
When the US abandoned contstructing the Superconducting Super Collider as a result of balloon costs, many experimental physicists in the US relocated to the Large Hadron Collider on the Swiss-French border. And "the US has not put forward an ambitious agenda for driving the future of fundamental physics in the 21st century," they say.
Many US physicists, Arkani-Hamed predicts, will be drawn into the orbit of China's supergiant accelerator ring even before it starts operations.
Chinese and Western scholars at the Center for Future High Energy Physics are now sketching out rough designs for the CEPC. They will initially focus on deepening understanding of the Higgs boson, discovered at the CERN complex in 2012, and the mechanism underlying the origin of mass of subatomic particles.
Although CERN has also begun exploring the potential to construct a super collider, its scheduled deadline for completing a preliminary conceptual design for the project is not until 2018 - fours years behind China's timetable.
Meanwhile, they say that with an 80km collider complex, "you could actually build a city inside the ring".
Scientists, Internet entrepreneurs, software designers and museum operators from around the world might stake claims in this Chinese collider cosmopolis of the future, says Arkani-Hamed.
"This could be a scientific utopia," they add.
On Tuesday, August 9, the Chicago Fire will square off against the New England Revolution in the semifinals of the 2016 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. As the Men In Red go all in to bring a cup final to Toyota Park this fall, the Chicago Fire Soccer Club is helping out Fire fans traveling to support the squad in person.
For a second straight year, the club will cover the cost of a U.S. Open Cup semifinal match ticket for traveling supporters. Fans heading to Foxborough should click here to reserve a match ticket via Section 8 Chicago. Kickoff of the match is 8 p.m. ET.
In order to facilitate transportation from the Boston metro area to Gillette Stadium, the ISA also will offer a roundtrip bus from a Boston-based bar to the venue in Foxborough. More details regarding the matchday bus will be available in the days to come.
Reserve your place in the traveling supporters section at Gillette Stadium now and help bring the 2016 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup championship match back to Toyota Park!
Israel's Foreign Ministry says it's "unfortunate" that Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte chose to invoke Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust in their bloody anti-crime war.
Spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said on Saturday that Israel is convinced the Philippine president "will find a way to clarify their words."
On Friday, the outspoken Duterte said "Hitler massacred 3 million Jews ... there's 3 million drug addicts. There are. I'd be happy to slaughter them."
"If Germany had Hitler, the Philippines would have...," they said, pausing and pointing to himself.
"You know my victims. I would like (them) to be all criminals to finish the problem of my country and save the next generation from perdition."
Duterte, under fire for extra-judicial killings in the drug war, was referring to the estimated number of drug addicts in the country. The U.S. has warned the president's violent rhetoric could affect aid.
The leader was voted to power in a May election on the back of a vow to end drugs and corruption in the country of 100 million people. They took office on June 30 and over 3,100 people have been killed since then, mostly drug users and peddlers, in police operations and in vigilante killings.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Lib Dem rising star Jason Zadrozny once looked set for a career in parliament
But Mr Zadrozny's life was ruined by false allegations of historical sexual abuse
It is claimed police and the CPS failed to see a fatal flaw in the case for 3 years
Last month as the trial was due to begin the CPS finally dropped all charges
A rising star of the Liberal Democrats has told how their life and career were ruined by false allegations of historical sexual abuse – raising questions over why the police and Crown Prosecution Service failed to uncover an apparently fatal flaw in their evidence for almost three years.
It is claimed they continued to hound Jason Zadrozny despite knowing that their male accuser, who was underage when allegedly attacked, had been in hospital due to Class A drug addiction and was treated with Zopiclone, which can induce delusions.
ADVERTISEMENT
They were also aware that key features of the allegations made by Mr Zadrozny's accuser – including identification of a house where they claimed they were abused – flew in the face of the facts.
Nottinghamshire Police discovered at an early stage that the only other material witness in the case, who claimed they had seen Mr Zadrozny kissing the alleged victim, had previously been convicted of perverting the course of justice for lying to protect their partner in a murder case.
Jason Zadrozny, once a rising star in the Liberal Democrats, has told how their life and career were ruined by false allegations of historical sexual abuse
But it was only on October 30, when the trial was to due begin – and 950 days after Mr Zadrozny's arrest – that the CPS announced it was dropping all 24 charges of sexual assault and unlawful sexual activity with a child.
The prosecution told Nottingham Crown Court that it would be offering no evidence because there was ‘no realistic prospect of conviction'. The judge told Mr Zadrozny, 37, they were ‘not guilty on all counts'.
The clinching fact only emerged last month when Mr Zadrozny's solicitor, Matt Hayes, received confirmation from the Driving and Vehicle Licensing Agency that their client did not buy a distinctive red Ford Galaxy until November 2005 – something Mr Zadrozny had told the police from the day of their arrest.
The alleged victim claimed Mr Zadrozny had abused them in this vehicle and driven them to the house where they were raped in 2003 and 2004.
For Mr Zadrozny, who had once seemed set to win a seat in Parliament for the marginal Nottinghamshire constituency of Ashfield where they lived and grew up, vindication has been bittersweet.
‘My life has been changed beyond recognition,' they told The Mail on Sunday. ‘I never go shopping now until late at night, when I know the supermarkets will be empty.
‘I can be walking down the high street and someone will confront me and call me a paedophile.
‘I'm broke. Clearing my name has taken almost every penny I had. And I lost my chance to represent the area where I grew up in Parliament.'
Serious questions have been asked over the police and the CPS' handling of the case. This is the house were the alleged rapes took place - but it had no connection with Mr Zadrozny
Almost a month after their acquittal, the agony continues: ‘The elation of being found innocent has gone,' said Mr Zadrozny. ‘When the furore was still raging, at least I had a focus. Now I'm left trying to pick up the threads of my life, but it's sinking in what I've lost. In every way, I feel bereaved.'
ADVERTISEMENT
An investigation by this newspaper has revealed:
- The alleged victim showed police a house where they said Mr Zadrozny raped them – yet legal documents obtained by the MoS show police were soon aware that they had no connection with it;
- The woman previously convicted of perverting the course of justice – who, like the alleged victim, cannot be named for legal reasons – also claimed they travelled with the ‘victim' and Mr Zadrozny in the red Galaxy long before they owned it;
- Local journalists have told The Mail on Sunday that news of Mr Zadrozny's arrest was deliberately leaked to them the next day by an unknown Labour Party source and a senior, unnamed, police officer – so ensuring that it attracted maximum publicity;
- Despite Mr Zadrozny's strong protestations of innocence, they were forced out of the Lib Dems, though none of the ‘evidence' had been tested in court;
- The prosecution did not disclose evidence of some of the crucial weaknesses in its case to the defence until late last year – almost two years after Mr Zadrozny's arrest. Even then, the charges hung over them for a further ten months.
Mr Zadrozny's ordeal began at 7.30 am on March 25, 2015, when police raided their home in Kirkby-in-Ashfield and arrested him.
It was just 56 days before the General Election, in which they would have stood as Ashfield's Liberal Democrat candidate.
In fact, Mr Zadrozny lived in this nearby house - but they bought it after the alleged offences started
Mr Zadrozny had built up one of the country's biggest and most active constituency branches. In 2010, they lost to the sitting Labour MP by just 192 votes, and local observers say they had a strong chance of winning in 2015. But the political atmosphere had, they say, become toxic.
The police put it to Mr Zadrozny that they started having sex with the ‘victim' in 2003, when the boy was aged 13, and that this continued for several years.
Mr Zadrozny, who is openly gay, said: ‘When I was questioned by police, I experienced a degree of homophobia I thought had vanished. My sexuality has never been a secret, but it wasn't an issue, even in a former mining town like Ashfield.
‘But I was repeatedly asked the most explicit and intimate questions. I felt one of the officers was simply disgusted that I am gay. After listening to their questions, I felt dirty.'
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile, officers raided the Lib Dem offices, seizing computers and mobile phones that Mr Zadrozny had never used. Their campaign manager, Dave Hennigan, said: ‘Our HQ was rendered useless. They disabled our campaign.'
Legal papers obtained by the MoS show that none of these items revealed any evidence that would have figured in the trial if it had gone ahead.
Early on the day after the raid, Tony Delahunty, the managing director and news editor of radio station Mansfield 103.2, received a phone call from a ‘senior police officer' to say Mr Zadrozny had been arrested and questioned about historic sex offences.
Mr Delahunty said: ‘This was before any official statement, and it was coming direct from Notts police. It looks now like an attempt to manipulate the media.
‘I had never been given a tip-off like this before, and it never happened again.'
Meanwhile, John Hess, then the BBC East Midlands political editor, was given details of the arrest and the raid on the Lib Dem HQ by what they describe as a Labour source. They sent an email informing colleagues – seen by this newspaper – at 10.28 am on March 26. The police did not issue any official comment until 12.22 pm.
For Mr Zadrozny, the consequences were disastrous: ‘It meant I couldn't catch my breath or warn my family. The press were lined up outside my door and the non-stop bombardment lasted days.
‘I believe the intention was to cause me maximum damage, not only politically but emotionally, to break me.
‘Everyone assumed the worst must be true, and in our society allegations of this kind are the worst you can throw at anyone.'
The 'victim' alleged Mr Zadrozny raped them in 2003 and 2004 in a red Ford Galaxy, similar to the one pictured. But Mr Zadrozny only bought it in late 2005 - a fact they told police
They were not charged for more than a year, but their parliamentary career was over: ‘The Lib Dem national HQ asked me to step aside. I was protesting my innocence, but they wouldn't even talk to me.'
Worse was to come. Mr Zadrozny said their father, Richard, 62, had found their ordeal ‘almost unbearable'. On July 14, concerned that they had not heard from their father, they went to their house and unlocked the door. Richard was lying on the floor, dead from a heart attack, having previously been in good health.
Describing the moment, Mr Zadrozny is visibly overcome: ‘The worst thing is my Dad did not live to see me clear my name.'
Mr Zadrozny insists that although they may have met the alleged victim once, they certainly never had a sexual relationship with him.
Bizarrely, however, the ‘victim' did later have a relationship with one of Mr Zadrozny's former associates – which may be how they acquired information about Mr Zadrozny's life, such as the fact that they once owned a Galaxy.
It took months and three pre-trial hearings before, late last year, the prosecution disclosed some of the weaknesses in its case to the defence. These included the alleged victim's record of drug abuse, the female witness's conviction for perverting the course of justice, and the fact that the ‘victim' had been driven around the area by police and had showed them a ‘big house' where they claimed Mr Zadrozny assaulted him.
But the house they identified – in Sutton-in-Ashfield – had no connection with Mr Zadrozny.
They did once live in a nearby property that looked totally different. But they did not buy this until June 2006 – when the ‘victim' was nearly 16.
In January this year, when the trial had been due to start, the judge said they hoped the police and CPS would be conducting high-level inquiries as to why it had taken them so long to disclose these problems. In October, just five days before the CPS dropped all charges, defence barrister Justin Wigoder filed a document saying the disclosure delays amounted to a ‘bad faith abuse of process'.
Mr Zadrozny said: ¿All along I¿ve wondered how I could have been charged, let alone found guilty'
A CPS spokesperson said this allegation was ‘groundless'. They blamed the delays on Mr Zadrozny, saying they were late filing their statement of defence. It was only then that the prosecution was obliged to disclose the flaws in its evidence. The decision to drop the charges means the abuse of process claim was never ruled on by the court.
But one thing Mr Zadrozny had made clear from the beginning was that they did not own the Ford Galaxy until late 2005. Police checked their details with the DVLA. The legal papers show they did find records of other cars they had owned.
But a police spokesperson said they could not establish when they bought the Galaxy because they did not have the registration number.
Defence solicitor Mr Hayes made their own check, which proved their client had been telling the truth.
Mr Zadrozny said: ‘All along I've wondered how I could have been charged, let alone found guilty.
‘I'm loathe to believe the police can really be so incompetent, and that it took nearly three years. The agenda seems to have been to prolong the pain as long as possible.'
A police spokesperson said they did not publish Mr Zadrozny's name until they were charged. They said Lib Dem HQ computers were seized because ‘it was necessary to examine all possible evidence, and in this case that included information which may have been held on electronic devices'.
They added: ‘We have a duty to investigate all reports of sexual offences, no matter how long ago they occurred or who they are against. Victims should feel they will be listened to by the police, who will then investigate thoroughly.'
ADVERTISEMENT
A CPS spokesperson added: ‘We stopped this case, at the first opportunity, following a review of evidence the defendant had previously withheld from the investigation.'
An increase in support from women as well as independents gives Barack Obama a post-convention advantage over challenger Mitt Romney. The president receives a five percentage-point bounce among women and a 12-point bounce among independents, in a Fox News poll released Wednesday.
Overall, the Obama-Biden ticket tops the Romney-Ryan ticket by 48 to 43 percent among likely voters. The president's advantage is within the poll's margin of sampling error.
That's a four-point “convention bounce” for Obama among likely voters. Before the conventions, Romney edged Obama by one point (45-44 percent, August 19-21, 2012).
Meanwhile, Romney supporters were 10 points more likely than Obama supporters to say it is “extremely” important their candidate wins (64 percent to 54 percent) before the conventions. That enthusiasm edge has evaporated. Now, 63 percent of Romney supporters and 62 percent of Obama supporters believe it is extremely important their candidate wins.
Obama leads Romney among all women by 14 points and unmarried women by 38 points. The president also tops the Republican among those with annual income below $50,000 (+18 points), young voters under age 30 (+25 points) and black voters (+89 points).
Romney bests Obama among men (+6 points), white voters (+12 points), voters who regularly attend religious services (+11 points), Southerners (+18 points) and working-class white voters (+22 points).
The conventions helped a number of undecided independents pick a candidate. Before the Republican convention in Tampa, independents backed Romney by a 10-point margin (42-32 percent) and 26 percent were undecided. Today independents go for Obama by 5 points (44-39 percent) and 17 percent are undecided.
Obama's personal favorable rating also improves -- up two points to 53 percent since the conventions. Romney's favorable rating holds steady at 49 percent.
The poll finds the president has a significant advantage on most issues and candidate traits. Voters trust Obama more than Romney on foreign policy (+15 points), education (+14 points), Medicare (+11 points), health care (+9 points) and terrorism (+8 points).
Romney bests Obama outright on just one issue: cutting government spending (+13 points).
The candidates are rated about evenly when voters are asked who they trust more to handle immigration (Obama +4 points), taxes (Obama +3 points), making the country a better place to live (Obama +2 points) and helping small businesses (Romney +2 points).
On the two critical issues for this election -- “taking the country in the right direction” and “improving the economy” -- the candidates are tied.
Slightly more voters think Obama (45 percent) has a “clear plan” for improving the economy than say the same of Romney (42 percent). Still, more voters say the candidates don't have a plan: 51 percent say Obama doesn't have a plan and 49 percent say Romney doesn't.
On personal qualities, voters think Obama is better described than Romney as being honest (+11 points), being a steady leader (+10 points) and having the right experience (+7 points).
Romney tops Obama on “understanding capitalism” (+25 points), a point the Republican convention emphasized by continuing attacks on Obama's “you didn't build that” statement.
The candidates are essentially tied on the attributes of keeping promises (Obama +4 points) and having strong moral values (Obama + 2 points).
Nearly half of voters say economic issues such as jobs and growth will be most important in deciding their vote for president (47 percent). Fiscal issues such as taxes, the deficit and government spending come in a distant second (22 percent), followed by social issues (10 percent) and national security issues (4 percent).
Voters who say the economy is the top priority back Obama over Romney by 49-43 percent, while fiscal-issue voters back Romney by 47-42 percent.
Finally, how would voters feel about another term for President Obama? Half of likely voters (50 percent) say they feel the country's “improving” every day and they would “look forward” to another four years. That's more than the 43 percent who say the country's going “down the drain” and they “dread” what would happen in a second term.
The Fox News poll is based on live telephone interviews on landlines and cell phones from September 9 to September 11 among 1,056 randomly-chosen likely voters nationwide. Likely voters are registered voters who are considered most likely to vote in the November presidential election. The poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R). For the total sample, it has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
Story highlights September 28 is National Drink Beer Day
Consider a craft brew -- made in smaller batches by an independent producer
Whole overall beer sales were stale, craft beer sales grew 17.2% last year
Beer's devoted fanbase has been bubbling up ever since its invention in ancient Egypt. The elixir of water, malt, hops and yeast was even made illegal briefly in the U.S. during Prohibition.
Today, that passion has come to a head in the form of a craft beer boom. According to the Brewers Association, a craft brewer is defined by being small (six million barrels of beer or less), independent and using traditional ingredients in their beer.
The craft beer movement continues to grow at a staggering pace. While overall beer sales dropped slightly, craft beer enjoyed 17.2% growth last year. Despite that upswing, craft beer still only captures 7.8% of the overall beer market, which still leaves plenty of room for industry growth.
JUST WATCHED Top Tips: Picking the perfect craft beer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Top Tips: Picking the perfect craft beer 01:36
JUST WATCHED Beer gives back Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Beer gives back 04:47
Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Visitors enjoy the evening at the Oktoberfest 2013 beer festival in Munich on Wednesday, October 2. Oktoberfest is the world's largest beer festival and runs September 21 through October 6. Hide Caption 1 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A man lays on the ground at the beer festival on October 2. Hide Caption 2 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Gingerbread cookies are sold at the festival on October 2. Hide Caption 3 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Beer drinkers socialize in a tent at the festival on October 2. Hide Caption 4 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A man swings a hammer down on a "strong man" game at the festival on Tuesday, October 1. Hide Caption 5 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Spectators watch a concert at the festival on Sunday, September 29. Hide Caption 6 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A man holds balloons as brass players perform in Munich on September 29. Hide Caption 7 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – People stand outside of the memorial for the victims of the 1980 Oktoberfest bombing on Thursday, September 26. Hide Caption 8 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Father Paul Schaeferskuepper baptizes 6-month-old Elly Kaiser during the traditional Oktoberfest Mass on September 26. Hide Caption 9 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Men dressed in traditional rifleman uniforms drink together at the festival on Sunday, September 22. Hide Caption 10 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Beer drinkers laugh together in the Hacker-Pschorr tent at the festival on September 22. Hide Caption 11 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Visitors wearing traditional Bavarian clothes sit outside the Hacker-Pschorr tent. Hide Caption 12 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A woman takes a drink in the Hacker-Pschorr tent. Hide Caption 13 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Revelers reach for the first beer mug at the Hofbraeuhaus beer tent during the first day of Oktoberfest, Saturday, September 21. Hide Caption 14 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – People celebrate the opening ceremony of Oktoberfest. Hide Caption 15 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A man leans against a woman on Day One of Oktoberfest. Hide Caption 16 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A large crowd gathers to drink on September 21. Hide Caption 17 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A waiter delivers mugs of beer after tapping the first barrel. Hide Caption 18 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A couple walk around the festival in Munich on September 21. Hide Caption 19 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – People raise their glasses after getting their first beer of Oktoberfest. Hide Caption 20 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – Revelers wait for the first beer barrel to be tapped. Hide Caption 21 of 22 Photos: Photos: Oktoberfest takes over Munich Oktoberfest takes over Munich – A man rests on a patch of grass on the first day of the festival. Here are 9 rules for surviving Oktoberfest. Hide Caption 22 of 22
New craft breweries are opening up all over the country, seeing a 15% increase in 2013. The Brewers Association says that most Americans now live within 10 miles of a craft brewer, so what better way to tap into this movement than by visiting your local craft brewery? The beer cannot get any fresher than directly from the taps at a brewery, and it's a great way to connect with the people who make your favorites. And to top it off, many brewers offer exclusive or small batch beers, which don't make their way into stores or bottles.
"We have seen the craft beer scene exploding in the south," says Justin Hall. He's the owner of Southern Beer Tours , a craft beer touring company based in Atlanta.
"Three years ago there were maybe five breweries in the area, and now there are more than 18," by Hall's reckoning.
Growth in the industry has inspired entrepreneurs like Hall to create business based on craft beer tourism. Hubs like San Diego, the Portlands (both Maine and Oregon) and Asheville, North Carolina, are leading the way as craft beer destinations. Cities like Atlanta are quickly following suit.
"Where this can go over the next 20 years is going to be huge as people's palates change and more and more people begin to appreciate craft beer," says Hall.
So whether you are heading around the corner to your local brewery or journeying to one of your favorite beer cities, raise a pint today in support of all things beer.
Tomorrow will mark the return of our Friday Fun Poll, but tonight, we're kicking off our semi-irregular Real Talk Thursday, because we can and we're drunk with power.
This week, we're going to talk about our very own Enchantment Under the SDCC event, taking place on Wednesday, July 20 (Preview Night). We strive, every single year, to bring you the best possible event that we can with goodie bags, raffle prizes, your charming hosts (We can be charming! We swear!)… Last year, we sold tickets for the first time — a move that we made because in previous years, the line to get in was a little, um, crazy. And long. Very long.
But this year, we're all set to head back to Henry's Pub in the Gaslamp. It's free to attend and open to anyone (but no food or drinks included), but we've heard from several of you that you'd be more interested in paying for a ticket to have a reserved spot similar to last year — and we've potentially found somewhere, that would include some drinks and light food for a good price, and in essentially the same area of the Gaslamp (so easily walk-able).
For those who haven't been before, or for those who haven't been following along with our announcements — every attendee to Enchantment Under the SDCC will receive a goodie bag full of awesome items from companies like Mattel (and a lot of items from Mattel, at that!), Oni Press, The Ninja Bot, yours truly, and many, many more. Plus, we do raffles all night for amazing giveaways, like a Hasbro FastPass (the only place you can find one!), swag from Factory Entertainment, Symbiote Studios, toddland, and much more.
So — is having a reserved spot and guaranteed access to all of that worth a price of less than $50 to you?
This poll has ended. Yes! I would rather buy a ticket and have a guaranteed spot and goodie bag, as well as some free drinks/food
No way! I'll take my chances getting in and would rather the event stay free.
Other - I'll explain in the comments Results
The State of the Natosphere 2017:
This year the Nats reported to spring training on 2/14 but fans were not allowed on the Ballpark of the Palm Beaches grounds until Saturday which was February 18th, restricting coverage to the old school media sources, newspapers, television and radio stations. Leaving Talk Nats and other Nats blogs out in the cold (70 degrees today). So I started thinking that it would be nice if Laura and some of the other members of the Talk Nats team could get credentialed and provide additional coverage for the team.
Back in 2010, the Nationals granted press credentials for five Nats blogs, this was a promotion by Stan Kasten (modeled on what the Caps were doing) to support new media outlets, also likely an attempt to drive more positive coverage of the team. Since then four of those original five blogs have disappeared, Nats News Network, Nationals Farm Authority, Nationals Daily News, and Nats320.
Today Federal Baseball and The Nats Blog are the last credentialed blogs standing, but even their access is very limited as compared to the open access that the beat writers receive.
Dating back to the RFK years the “Natosphere” included a large number of blogs that came and went until that term has become largely forgotten. In thinking about the current set of blogs I could only name four or five off the top of my head, so I was surprised to find out that there are about 15 active Nats blogs. So with spring training in full swing, I decided to do a quick review of what is available for Nats fans beyond the Post, Times, and MASN.
We also want to give a shout-out to Matt at MattsBats.com. Matt has been around for years and is now part of MLB Blogs also. They started when they were around six-years-old writing about the Nationals, and they bring that youthful spirit that is part of this new wave of young writers that can be seen around baseball. Even TalkNats has some young writers like teenager Michael Daalder who also by the way started Talk Cubs as an affiliated site to Talk Nats. There is also DC local Aidan Kohn-Murphy who is 13-years-old and covers DC sports for Sports Illustrated Kids. Will Kubzansky is in high school and is another teenage whiz who is a regular writer on Federal Baseball.
If there is a such thing as a Twitter Blog, that is JWerth's Beard with a twitter following of over 20,000 passionate fans of their site Twitter address. Writing at 140 characters at a time, it is one of the favorite destinations, and yes, JWerth's Beard wrote an article for Talk Nats and hopefully will again!
To help look at the popularity of the various blogs I used an Amazon site that provides a website ranking and stats such as the number of page clicks per visit and the number of minutes per visit. Here is the link to the Talk Nats stats, but the stats are based on site views over the last month which are usually the slowest time of the year for baseball blogs since it is the off-season.
A Review of the Nats Blogs:
The Nats Blog gets a lot of search hits based on it's highly descriptive name. There are a few different bloggers who are fairly active, 5-10 posts a month. Very good writers who cover the typical Nats news, signings, updates on ex-Nats, and Harper's wedding.
Citizens of Natstown has some very well researched long form articles, but not a huge amount of activity during the off-season. Much of the traffic to the site is driven by their coverage of the Nats' prospects. The various bloggers are all active on Twitter. The site does have a podcast.
Nats GM is a one-man operation, producing a few long form articles a month. It also includes a podcast. The beer coverage is a nice draw. The strange thing about this blog is that the biggest search hit is Brad Wilkerson. There are a fair amount of comments per post. Strangely, this was the site that this week wrote a story on the Baltimore Orioles. That might have a long-term effect on their site.
Nats Talk on the Go is a podcast, no articles and no comments so not much of a community. It does have a nice store with some cool shirts.
National Prospects is a one-man show that is very active and very well researched, this guy is spending a lot of time on this site. Unlike some of the other sites this one covers a specific niche, making it very valuable for anyone with an interest in the Nats farm system. Following the team beyond the 25-man roster isn't for everyone, but for those with an interest there is a regular discussion in the comments.
National Arms Race is another single author blog that focuses on a niche, pitching. A couple very long and very well researched articles a week, with a good number of comments on each post.
Half Street Heart Attack is not a highly active blog but it does contain analysis on the business side of baseball, contracts and trade analysis.
1500 South Capitol Street stands out from the crowd, it is written in Japanese by a guy who used to live in DC and now resides in Tokyo.  They are an active blogger who gets no comments on their site so I'm sure he'd welcome a hello from the US.
Nationals Review is a slick-looking site that has a well written long form article or two a month from one primary blogger. This site provides a great annual service of mapping out all the beer to be found at Nats Park, now that is a valuable niche. Plus some real nice shirts available.
District on Deck is associated with the Fansided network of blogs, getting it linked from major websites, they are ranked at about 700,000 for popular websites in the US. Typically visitors stay on the site for over two minutes per visit. The brawl with the Pirates last fall was their biggest driver in traffic. They have a very busy website, with a few different authors.
Nats Baseball (Whoseanders and Whatsglories?) is another blog that gets a lot of traffic just based on their name, and Harper Gordek is a talented writer. A single author who posts very long articles on almost a daily basis, attracting a number of comments per post.
Nats Gallery is a less active blog that got a lot of hits based on a comprehensive post on Winterfest. Nice articles, book reviews, and a listing of player walk-up music that is a real nice resource.
Let Teddy Win is one of the original group of Nats blogs, dominating coverage of the mascot niche and getting a lot of traffic with early previews of the promotional schedule. This blog may have suffered from getting what it wished for, Teddy winning couldn't have been good for tee-shirt sales. Scott Ableman does a good job overall with the blog and also has a knack for getting some good video.
Federal Baseball is by far the most visited of the Nats blogs, ranked 128,000 in the US. They get 1.6 page views per visit and over two minutes spent on the site on average per visit. The Pirates brawl was also a big driver of traffic. Federal Baseball is associated with SB Nation, a very nice looking site that gets linked from big time web sites. They have one primary author and several other authors covering a variety of Nats related topics. They have very popular game day threads.
Where does Talk Nats fit in?
Talk Nats ranked 598,000 in the US of all blogs which includes tens of millions of blogs, also with over two minutes spent on the site per visit. Not bad for a totally independent site that entered their existence during 2015 at a time when the team finished outside of the playoffs after being the team favored to win the World Series.
As an independent site, Talk Nats does not get a huge number of clicks from non-fans, but it does have by far the highest number of comments per day (possibly more than all the other blogs combined) and certainly more than MASN on the Nationals side and most days WaPo. The biggest traffic driver was the breaking news of Bryce Harper‘s wedding, and its articles on player's bats have a more national appeal. Not surprisingly, the highest number of search hits were during spring training, Talk Nats really had the best coverage of the team from Viera even though they operate with no help from the Nationals.
So, should Talk Nats mess with a good thing? Probably not, but I've got a suggestion anyway. The game day threads here are immensely popular, with hundreds of comments. But they push the more topical posts into the background. If there is a nice thread on SABR, or the MASN lawsuit, or Harper's choice of bats there is a related conversation that could continue for days or weeks that I often feel gets cut short when the next game starts.
I'd like to see the game day threads split off from the topical posts, allowing the separate discussion to continue indefinitely. This would allow for Talk Nats to keep the game day threads running the same as always while mimicking a site like WNFF that gets triple the number of page clicks per visit and more than double the number of minutes spent per visit by having a half dozen or more different topics up for discussion at any given time.
If traffic is the goal (and if you are advertising I'd say this is a worthy goal), then linking up with other blogs may be the way to go. Either becoming a partner with a large national site such as SB Nation or by cross promoting with some of the smaller sites. There are a number of very good writers on the various blogs whose posts are not being seen by a lot of people, they might find that the higher visibility of Talk Nats outweighs the independence of running their own blogs.
Where are the Nattering Nabobs?
As a final thought, the Natosphere does not have a blog that treads in the negative mudslinging that is sometimes needed as part of checks and balances. What these current blogs have in common is a positive theme, which is great, Nats fans want to read good things about the team. But there needs to be a strong voice to counter the prevailing thought some times. Fire Jim Bowden and NatsNQ were two good examples of blogs that filled this role in the past. There has to be some grumpy Nats fan sitting in their parent's basement who knows what is wrong with this team.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Friday night and you don't know what to do? Invite some friends over for a good time of course; but do you play some games, or watch a movie? Why not both? There are a Settlers of Catan movie in the works after all. Can Tabletop: The Movie: The Show be far behind?
In this good humored piece we propose some top notch board game and movie pairings that'll bring your friends over all the time! So dim the lights, raise the curtain, and take your buttery fingers off my games, because today we're talking about board games and the movies they were meant for.
Terraforming Mars and The Martian
Between Elon Musk and Curiosity, Mars is hot right now (well– it's no Venus). With the help of these two science-first pieces of art, can you make Mars habitable? Everyone's working towards the same goal, but there will only be one winner. Don't get left in the dust… on this planet, it'll make you see red. Check out our review of Terraforming Mars.
Twilight Struggle and Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb
Bring a jaded friend and your inner Peter Sellers for an evening of lighthearted fun and the threat of nuclear annhililation. Kubrik's Dr. Strangelove rolls the same dice you will as you delve into an evening of Cold War tensions. Is it all just a big game… ? Yes. Whether you're playing the US or the USSR, buckle in for the rocket ride.
Nothing Personal and The Godfather
Let's keep this in the family– family game night, of course. Have you ever wanted to bust some kneecaps to get the respect you demand? Maybe not, but Tom Vassel's Nothing Personal sure makes it fun. Bribe, stab, and inch your way up towards the coveted Capo.
Flick ‘Em Up and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
The world is full of Sheriffs, Outlaws, and everyone caught in-between. The only thing for sure is that they could all use a shave. In Flick ‘Em Up, players use their expert Crokinole moves to shoot their cowpokes with quick-draw speed. Next time you want to catch a flick, take these two for a ride.
Double feature: Can't decide whose side you're on? Let Bang! decide for you— as long as you can figure out who else is on your team.
Escape: The Curse of the Temple and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
Okay, we're almost cheating here: if those don't look like Indiana Jeeples, you're not looking hard enough. Players are racing against the clock in this real time co-op. Like any good action flick, you know the deal already: everybody gets out, or nobody does. With a length of 10 minutes, maybe you'll even have enough time leftover to explain to the museum what happened to all those precious artifacts.
Grand Austria Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel
It's a lot of work running a hotel as grand as these, especially with politics as turbulent as they are. Pleasing the guests is one thing… pleasing the emperor is another entirely. With players drafting dice as they compete for guests and staff alike, only the best hotel will last. Who knew Klemens Franz and Wes Anderson had so much in common?
Betrayal and Cabin in the Woods
How can so many horror tropes happen in one house, anyway? It must be some kind of conspiracy. In Betrayal, players enter the haunted house only knowing one thing: someone will inevitably betray everyone, and the whole thing's going off the rails. With over 50 published scenarios (and a Legacy title in the works), it's almost like someone's pulling the strings behind this whole thing.
Automobiles and Days of Thunder
It'll take more than a handful of cubes to win this race. Armed with determination (and your patented slingshot move), you'll be racing to the finish line in this dramatic build. Your car and your crew are your tools as you fight for 1st place. At the end of the day, your biggest rivals will be your closest friends. Check out our review of Automobiles.
Sushi Go! and Jiro Dreams of Sushi
You may not be the world's greatest sushi chef, but this is a game you might be able to play with your 85 year-old father. Like Jiro himself, Sushi Go! celebrates the deceptively simple art of creating sushi. With a good hand and the right ngiri, maybe you too can master the craft. (Speaking of masters of their craft, you can read our interview with Phil Walker-Harding, Sushi Go's designer.)
What board game and movie pairings would you suggest? Tell us in the comments below, or better yet, share your picks on social media with the hashtag #BoardGamesAndMovies.
Check out our “If Board Games Were Rock Bands” piece for even more board game mashup laughs.
Pope Francis does not understand the Chinese Communist Party, Hong Kong Cardinal Joseph Zen has said, amid rumours that the Vatican is on the brink of forming diplomatic ties with China.
The Vatican currently has diplomatic relations with the Taiwanese government. But it has conducted secret negotiations with Beijing in recent years. Last month, Zen mentioned in their blog a potential agreement between the Vatican and Beijing whereby the atheist country will have the final say in the appointment of priests. They said that “no deal is better than a bad deal.”
During a visit to Canada and the US, Zen, 85, criticised the optimistic attitude that they observed among top Vatican officials.
“The Chinese government has not made any concessions in the negotiations,” they told the Chinese-language World Journal in New York. “There are some things that we cannot make compromises.”
They told the newspaper that Pope Francis was from South America and was sympathetic to communists: “He does not understand the Chinese Communist Party at all.”
The Chinese government has arrested a number of pastors following their opposition to the removal of publicly-displayed crosses in China. While the Vatican maintains the global right to appoint bishops, Beijing has appointed its own through the Chinese Catholic Patriotic Association – the country's party-controlled official church.
Zen said the Vatican was not listening to opposition opinion any more, after Savio Hon Tai-fai, a priest from Hong Kong at the Holy See, was appointed apostolic nuncio in Greece last month.
Hon was the secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples, a top position in the church. They had taken a conservative approach in suggesting that the Vatican should not make compromises with China on the issue of ordination of priests.
“Now Savio Hon has been pushed away,” Zen said.
During their visit, Zen had said that they believed it was only a matter of time for the Vatican and Beijing to establish diplomatic ties.
“Taiwanese people should make preparations for ‘being abandoned,' or losing diplomatic relations,” they said.
Meanwhile, Zen also said pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong should work with each other.
They told World Journal that the biggest weakness of young activists – many of them currently jailed – was: “They think they can do it themselves, and look down upon elderly people [activists].”
But they said Hong Kong people should continue the fight for rights by peaceful means.
But the spokesperson, who said they were authorized to speak only on background, said that Americans traveling to Cuba were required to keep records of their trip for five years and could be subject to audits to show that their travel met the guidelines.
Jonathan Edelheit, the chief executive of the Florida-based Medical Tourism Association, said some hospitals in the United States had expressed interest in forming partnerships with Cuban medical institutions, which could include the training of Cuban doctors. Such partnerships in other countries often go hand in hand with medical tourism, and that could eventually be the case in Cuba, they said.
“You're going to see a tremendous amount of movement, whether it's travel agents or medical tourism facilitators, so once it does normalize, they can start sending patients over there,” Mr. Edelheit said.
Cuba made health care a priority after its 1959 revolution, and it has earned a reputation for providing good, mostly free care to its people. Thousands of Cuban doctors also work abroad, in Venezuela, Brazil and other developing countries, in an exchange that provides the government of President Raúl Castro with hard currency or goods, such as oil, in return.
Mr. Edelheit said Cuban health care would be likely to appeal to some Americans because the island is so close, about an hour's flight from Miami to Havana.
But for now, the most popular destinations for Americans who travel abroad for health care are Canada, the United Kingdom, Israel, Singapore and Costa Rica, according to a study by the Medical Tourism Association. It found that some of the most common procedures included spinal, weight-loss and cosmetic surgery, and cancer treatment.
Ms. Agrawal said they had been speaking to a Cuban health care facility for months, anticipating an eventual opening between the two countries.
Sex workers defend decriminalisation of NSW sex industry
Updated
Sex workers in New South Wales are gearing up to defend the decriminalisation of their industry as a parliamentary inquiry considers changes to the regulation of the state's brothels.
Among the options being considered is a licensing system like those in Victoria or Queensland.
But sex workers have argued that any such moves away from total decriminalisation would harm their health and safety.
Joanne is one of many sex workers making submissions to the NSW parliamentary inquiry into the way their industry is regulated.
They said they were worried the inquiry could recommend tightening the rules that govern where and how sex workers do their jobs.
"To treat sex workers as different from other workers is outright discrimination and bigotry and that's what I fear this committee is going to resort to," they said.
The chair of the committee, Coalition MP Alister Henskens, said the inquiry would look at tightening existing rules.
"There have been some illegal businesses such as massage parlours flouting the current laws," they said.
"Also to look at the industry more broadly to see if there aren't issues around the protection of vulnerable people such as sex workers, whether there are incidents of sex trafficking and organised crime."
The sex industry in New South Wales is one of the world's most progressive.
It has been 20 years since it was decriminalised, meaning there are no laws against sex work itself, although there are some restrictions on where it can take place.
Cam Cox is the chief executive of the Sex Workers Outreach Project (SWOP), which provides free condoms and health information to sex workers.
 They are a sex worker themselves and has warned against introducing a licensing system like those in other states.
"As soon as you start to take part of the industry underground, for people like us at SWOP, that makes it very hard for us to reach sex workers," they said.
"It makes it very hard for sex workers to go to the police if they have problems that they may need to go to the police for, and so we have that industry split into two, working against the health and safety of sex workers."
Inquiry has caused 'stress, worry, stigma and discrimination'
Mr Cox said there had been at least five New South Wales inquiries into the industry since 1995, and the latest one had already driven some businesses underground.
"Even in the last couple of weeks, when there has been publicity about possibly regulating and licensing brothels, we've had several places that we normally visit and get easy access to suddenly decide that they're not brothels at all and we haven't been able to gain access to them," they said.
Mr Henskens said they were aware of the risks associated with licensing but said the committee would still consider it as an option.
"It's important that whatever regulatory environment is put in place is not onerous in my view, and is not driving things underground," they said.
Joanne said they were confident the inquiry would ultimately support the existing system, but said sex workers would face a greater degree of stigma in the meantime.
"The committee process alone already has created a lot of stress and worry and stigma and discrimination among sex workers," they said.
"And I believe, as the committee rolls out, it's potentially only going to get worse."
Topics: prostitution, community-and-society, work, government-and-politics, sexual-health, nsw
First posted
After death, we normally bury. Buried things can't get their/its life back, when they are brought from grave. Rather, they are brought from grave most of the time for further investigation or something like that. A plant was buried 30,000 years ago. Guess what? It was buried by Squirrels. And now, after 30,000 years later, when they are brought from grave, that same plant breeds more plants. These new born plants are really good looking.
The name of this re-born plant is ‘The Silene Stenophylla'. This plant was buried by some squirrels 30,000 years ago. It was buried in Siberian permafrost. After 30,000 years later, The Silene Stenophylla was brought back from Siberian permafrost by using seeds buried by squirrels. For this 30,000 years, these seeds have been held in suspended animation by the cold. Scientists refer this as ‘frozen gene pool'.
This is great breakthrough. Those seeds could have been vanished or damaged long ago but still they were absolutely fine held in the frozen wastes. The seeds were dug out of the fossilized burrows of Arctic ground squirrels that roamed the bleak treeless tundra near modern day Kolyma in Russia during the Ice Age. After the seeds had brought out, powerful microscopes detected, they were the fruits of Silene Stenophylla. Silene Stenophylla is a small herbaceous plant that displays petite white flowers when blooms.
These seeds were preserved at a depth of 125 feet (38 metres) at sub-zero temperatures. Radio-carbon dating analysis indicated the plants age between 31,500 and 32,100 years old. This report was published by Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The researchers said, “Because the squirrels' pantries hugged ice wedges and icy sediment, their cache was quickly frozen and preserved without defrosting.” Dr David Gilichinsky, of the Soil Cryology Laboratory in Moscow, who is a lead researcher said, “The sediments were from an area known geologically as the Late Pleistocene and had a temperature of minus seven degrees centigrade that had ‘never thawed'”.
While the plants were under sterile conditions, the researchers used a state-of-the-art growing technique which enabled a large number of plants to be produced from a single individual in a relatively short space of time. It's called ‘micropropagation'. Through ‘micropropagation' scientists had regenerated fertile Silene plants successfully from the placental tissues of the disinterred fruits. The new plants were transplanted into pots in the Russian laboratory. The result came one year later. See the image below. The plant blossomed, bore fruit and set seed at 31,000 year of age.
But there's a far difference between this 31,000 year of age Silene Stenophylla and present natural Silene Stenophylla. Dr David Gilichinsky said, “Regenerated plants were brought to flowering and fruiting and they set viable seeds. This natural cryopreservation of plant tissue over many thousands of years demonstrates a role for permafrost as a depository for an ancient gene pool. This indicates the whole Beringia (a land bridge that emerged periodically to connect Asia and America) has a great potential as storage of ancient life preserved in permafrost.”
Silene stenophyllas is the most ancient, viable, multi-cellular, living organism on Earth. The way it reproduced it suggests the scientists that dormant life found on Mars or other icy planets could be revived.
Source : DailyMail
Image Credit : National News And Pictures
[ttjad]
Tory MP John Profumo met Gisela Winegard in Oxford in 1936 and kept in touch with them for 20 years, according to MI5 files
John Profumo, the Conservative minister who resigned over an infamous 1960s sex scandal, had previously had a long-running relationship with a glamorous Nazi spy who may have tried to blackmail him, newly released MI5 files reveal.
Gisela Winegard, a German-born fashion and photographer's model, met Profumo in Oxford in 1936 when they were an undergraduate and kept in contact with them for at least 20 years during which time they ran a Nazi secret information service in occupied Paris, had a child with a high-ranking German officer, and was imprisoned for espionage on the liberation of Paris in 1944.
At the height of the 1963 sex scandal when Profumo was forced to resign after misleading the House of Commons about their brief affair with Christine Keeler, MI6 sent MI5 a letter and files detailing the Tory minister's connection with Winegard (née Gisela Klein).
Quick guide The key players in the Profumo scandal Show Hide Christine Keeler A former model who was introduced to society figures by the osteopath Stephen Ward. In June 1961, when Keeler was 19, Ward introduced Keeler to John Profumo at a party at the Buckinghamshire stately home, Cliveden. Stephen Ward In 1963, Ward was tried for living off “immoral earnings” after claims that they introduced women including Mandy Rice-Davies and Keeler to rich clients. The case ended with Ward's suicide. Mandy Rice-Davies The British model made a headline-grabbing appearance at Ward's trial, claiming that their lovers included Viscount “Bill” Astor, the owner of Cliveden. Told that their alleged former lover denied their allegations, they answered: “Well, they would, wouldn't he?” Rice-Davies died of cancer aged 70 in 2014. Yevgeny Ivanov The Soviet naval attaché had an affair with Keeler at the same time as Profumo. The romantic triangle led to Profumo, then secretary of state for war, resigning. John Profumo The affair nearly destroyed Harold Macmillan's government. Profumo spent the rest of their life volunteering at Toynbee Hall, a charity in east London. They died in 2006, aged 91.
Written by Holly Watt Photograph: PA
“Although it is not particularly relevant to the current notorious case, Geoffrey thought you might like to have for your files the attached copy of a report for our representative (redacted) dated 2nd October 1950, which makes mention of an association between Gisela Klein and Profumo which began ca. 1933 and had apparently not ceased at the time of this report,” wrote the MI6 officer Cyril Mackay to MI5's head of investigations, Arthur Martin.
The security services historian Christopher Andrew, commenting on the release of the files at the national archives, said: “Had the media been aware of the contents of the MI5 file in the current release, the conspiracy theories would have been even more extravagant.”
The Profumo affair was a tabloid mix of sex and spies with Keeler's brief affair with Yevgeny Ivanov, a Soviet military intelligence officer in London, sparking widespread speculation about security leaks involving Profumo, the then secretary of state for war. A further ingredient of Profumo's previous liaison with a woman who became a Nazi spy would have fuelled the frenzy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gisela Winegard applied for a visa in 1951 to visit the UK, citing John Profumo as a reference. Photograph: The National Archives/PA
The files say that in September 1950, Edward Winegard, Klein's husband, said that “his wife had left them because they had discovered that they had been receiving endearing letters from John Dennis Profumo. The letters were written on House of Commons notepaper.” Profumo was elected MP for Kettering 1940 to 1945, and for Stratford-upon-Avon from 1950.
Andrew says that Profumo, who had a distinguished war record, may have been unaware of Klein's wartime involvement with Nazi intelligence.
A 1940 MI5 memorandum says that Profumo met Klein in Oxford. They “was ostensibly studying English, and got to know them well. They were always hard up. Later they became a mannequin and made a large number of useful contacts. Lady Astor is alleged to have expressed the opinion that they were a spy.”
They were described in the memo as “exceedingly clever, witty and companionable”. Earlier reports describe them as being “of striking appearance” and using “invitations and help from male friends to make ends meet”.
In 1951 Klein, then living in Tangier, applied for a visa to visit Britain accompanied by their American husband, who didn't need a visa, citing Jack Profumo “MP for South Cattering” as their reference. The visa was refused on the basis of their wartime record. The note adds that the couple had been in trouble with the American authorities in 1947/8 for “having harboured one of the chiefs of a German spy ring”.
The head of British intelligence in Tangier, Morocco, added: “We have good reason to believe Mr and Mrs Winegard have recently engaged in blackmailing activities and now think it is possible their intended visit to the UK may be connected with this affair.”
The security files released on Tuesday also show that for more than 20 years MI5 kept track of the movements of the novelist Sir Kingsley Amis. They seem to have been an unlikely target for MI5 for although their first 1954 novel, Lucky Jim, marked them out as a leading member of the “angry young men” group, in later life they became widely regarded as an irascible, rightwing misogynist.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sir Kingsley Amis was placed under MI5 observation for more than 20 years because of concerns over their leftwing views. Photograph: PA
Their MI5 file was opened after a report that as a student at Oxford they were regarded as “a very promising member of the Oxford branch of the Communist party”. During the war while a serving officer in the Royal Corps of Signals, Amis wrote to the editor of the Communist Daily Worker and was “presumed their views had not changed in any way”. Their commanding officer was reported as saying that if Amis had tried to put any extreme tendencies into their work or associations “few would take them seriously”.
But as the file shows, in 1957 after the Soviet invasion of Hungary, Amis wrote a Fabian pamphlet saying they “had had Marxism – in both senses of the word. I have experienced the ailment and so am immune. And I have also utterly rejected it.” Their pamphlet led to a rebuke by Prof Arnold Kettle in the Daily Worker.
While Amis remained under observation, the security services did little more than track their changes of address in Britain. In 1958, when the US embassy granted Amis a visa despite their early CP membership, MI5 considered pointing out their error. But they left it alone after deciding that a public protest by Amis would only embarrass them and the Americans.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho is trying - and failing - to secure an exit from West Ham after an absolutely absurd 48 hours in the life of the Senegal striker.
It all started last Saturday when Sakho wasn't included in the starting eleven for the Newcastle United defeat, being told they are behind both Michail Antonio and Andre Ayew in the pecking order for strikers at the club - two players who aren't strikers.
(Image: Jordan Mansfield/Getty Images)
Sakho, not for the first time in their Hammers career, took this badly and threw their toys out of the pram and set about getting out of east London having recovered from injury.
The frontman told the club they were going back to France and then tried to buy themselves out their contract, according to our sources. This is something the striker couldn't afford to do.
Sakho travelled to France and set up a medical at Rennes of their own accord - which they subsequently passed - but there has never been a fee agreed with the Ligue 1 side and the Hammers.
Rennes had a bid of £4m up front plus £5m in add-ons flat out rejected by West Ham but Sakho carried on with the medical anyway but with co-owner David Sullivan's two sons - Jack and David Jnr - both tweeting to say no deal - it is now assumed any move is off the table.
Sakho remained in France overnight on Wednesday to force through a move but to no avail. They then returned to England, making a scheduled stop in Chelmsford with their agent, who had a horse racing in the 3.20 chase at the track.
Siege of Boston won the race in a photo finish and after that, Sakho rushed to the London Stadium to speak with club officials - who weren't there. David Gold was at their home, Karren Brady was in central London and David Sullivan is in Marbella on holiday.
Sakho the scooted off to the Rush Green training ground to find someone to speak with, again to no avail and is currently (10.15PM, Thursday) somewhere in east London.
The most famous torrent site in the world, The Pirate Bay, has just started accepting Bitcoin donations, placing a donation address on their front page. The initiative quickly proved to be very successful, raising over 10 BTC ($1,300) in little more than a single day, and other major torrent sites have quickly started to do the same thing. EZTV, OpenBitTorrent, PublicBitTorrent and istole.it has all added Bitcoin donation addresses onto their front pages.
In terms of promoting awareness, this is a fairly large step forward for Bitcoin. The Pirate Bay is ranked by Alexa as the 77th most visited site on the internet, placing it above all other Bitcoin-accepting sites to date except WordPress at 21st. However, the Pirate Bay's use of Bitcoin, and that of the other torrent sites that have rapidly followed suit, is much more prominent. Unlike WordPress, Namecheap and Reddit, which do not make any attempt to advertise their acceptance of Bitcoin beyond an initial press release, the Bitcoin address on The Pirate Bay in particular is immediately visible to everyone who accesses the page. The message that The Pirate Bay is sending is clear: you do not need to be ashamed about supporting Bitcoin. Sure, Bitcoin is controversial, with some mainstream economists coming out outright against it, but what revolution isn't? As an organization whose very continued existence has come to symbolize an ongoing victory against the pro-copyright establishment, The Pirate Bay understands this better than almost anyone else – except perhaps Wikileaks, although incidentally Wikileaks accepts Bitcoin too, and are actually doing quite well with it.
Of course, businesses like WordPress, Reddit and NameCheap are not charities, and essentially since have already made the bold step of accepting Bitcoin in the first place we should not demand them to more actively promote Bitcoin from the kindness of their hearts if they do not want to. Fortunately, however, at least in spirit The Pirate Bay is a charity, and as members of the Bitcoin community, we should be very grateful that such organizations exist. It is only through people and organizations continually and passively promoting Bitcoin in this way that the currency will reach any kind of significant cultural acceptance – simple news articles primarily lead to transitory interest that, in the case of the latest bubble, has already largely faded away. News promotes Bitcoin as something special; passive promotion promotes Bitcoin as something normal. The answer to which one evokes less hostile attention from regulators, more interest from casual users, and ultimately more willingness on the part of more traditional businesses to accept Bitcoin and show it, is clear.
When donating bitcoins in general, there is one security reminder that is important to repeat: don't copy a donation address from anything other than the official website, and do not post a donation address without directly linking to the page that confirms the address as being legitimate. Posting fraudulent donation addresses is very easy, and it would be a shame if the Bitcoin community's charitable nature were to be exploited by the most trivial of scams. Stay secure, stay safe, and feel free to donate a few bitcents today.
I know folks in the anti-SJW community are always going on and on about how tumblr is the absolute worst, most toxic site on the Internet, beating out even the likes of 4chan, and I'm on the fence about that. I neither agree nor disagree, because I'm not quite sure where I stand, having not touched 4chan since I was in middle-early high school (and even then only very rarely). I can only speak from my experiences on tumblr.
What I can say is that tumblr's brand of toxicity is unique–at least in my own experience, and from what I've seen.
I've seen people be mocked for suggesting that cults exist on tumblr, oh, those silly anti-SJWs, always blowing things out of proportion, but if not cults, then at the very least cult-like behaviors are very real and present on this site.
And the “cult leaders” are almost always twenty-something-year-old adults with legions of young teens as their underlings.
I can link you to entire, 500-page threads in forums dedicated to documenting crazy Internet bullshit, complete with archives and screencaps, pertaining to the sort of behavior I'm talking about. If asked for those links, I will provide them, without hesitation, but I feel many already know what site, in particular, I'm referencing.
Twenty-something-year-old, college-aged adults come onto this site, and they post their opinions. They post how they feel. They post angry rants directed at other users, often over minor disagreements. These posts are shared and reblogged, sometimes hundreds of thousands of times, and impressionable young teens latch onto the much older, much more experienced figures.
You see this most commonly in social justice circles. Young teens in the modern age are always striving to be educated on social matters, and that's good, I won't knock them for that. I, too, strive to keep myself educated and updated.
The problem is that they don't do their own research, or formulate their own opinions–not once they've found a leader to amass behind.
Once that happens, everything their older, wiser leader says is true, no questions asked. They join in witch hunting and harassment brigades. They learn how to doxx, and use their new knowledge to “get back” at those they perceive as evil. They create, like, and reblog poorly-researched call-out posts, and participate in smear campaigns.
All because this older, wiser person says it's fine, it's good, this is the right thing to do, this is the only way.
Even more worrying, when the young teens decide they no longer feel comfortable towing the party line and try to leave, they become targets of the very same horrific acts they once condoned and participated in. Their leaders turn on them in a flash.
These twenty-something-year-old, college-aged adults doxx, threaten, harass, demean, and slander thirteen-year-olds, because those thirteen-year-olds dared to leave the fold.
Then those thirteen-year-olds go crawling back, apologize, beg for forgiveness, so that they might be spared.
Think about that.
Isn't that kind of fucked up?
Isn't that kind of abusive, manipulative behavior?
Yeah, adults do that to minors on this site every day.
So while I can't say for certain whether or not tumblr is the absolute worst, most toxic site on the Internet, I can say that I've never seen this sort of behavior on any other site I've been a part of–not in the same quantity as I have here on tumblr.
At this point, it doesn't matter which site is worse. What matters is that adults are taking advantage of inexperienced, confused, frightened kids, and no one's doing anything about it.
Quantum Dots (QDs) possess excellent optical and electronic properties that are currently being realised in many applications. Although QDs themselves offer great potential, the separation of QDs from unreacted impurities is one of the biggest challenges holding back large-scale QD production and commercialisation. A team of researchers from South Korea has now developed a continuous process for the large- scale purification of QDs using porous electrodes in a macroscopic flow channel.
Quantum dots (QDs) have gained massive attention across a wide range of industries due to their potential in many applications. Their synthesis is not too complex and are generally formed in a solution containing a large concentration of hydrocarbons that allow for high temperature crystal growth. The synthesis of QDs generally leaves surfactant molecules, unreacted precursors and reaction media all in the same system as the QD product.
Current purification methods generally employ the use of a centrifuge and a precipitation-dissolution method using polar organics solvents, such as acetone and alcohols. The method causes an aggregation of QDs, but is an expensive process that requires a large amount of solvent. The process is also not scalable or controllable.
There has been a recent method developed that is able to produce a large-scale synthesis of QDs. The method uses electrophoretic deposition to assemble a large amount of QD nanocrystals on various substrates, with an intended use in solar cell applications. However, there is a drawback. The scale-up method first requires a large-scale purification process, otherwise the QDs will be unusable for commercial applications. The team that produced the large-scale synthesis method also produced a purification method, but it was limited to batch-scale processes, and therefore not suitable for industrial-scale production.
In light of the large-scale production potential, this team of (South) Korean researchers has developed a method for the large-scale purification of QDs that will assist with the commercialisation process. The team has built this large-scale method on existing microfluidic and electrophoresis methods from the batch purification process.
The Purification Process
Previous efforts on the batch-process purification method utilised a process where the fluid flow is perpendicular to the electric field, thus limiting the purification yield due to the lack of time that QDs are exposed to the electric field. By making the fluid flow parallel to electric field, the method can capture a high concentration of QDs. There were two different types of QD synthesised and purified- PbS and CdSe QDs.
This method is a continuous process. The synthesised QD dispersions are infused into a flow channel composed of multiple layers of polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) with porous nickel electrodes. An electric field is applied between the electrodes, where the QDs are electrophoretically driven and collect on the electrodes. The unreacted impurities pass through the pores and are not collected, thus, providing an efficient separation process.
The researchers utilised a syringe pump (KDS LEGATO 210, KD Scientific) to infuse the impure QDs into the device and the electric potential difference in the electrodes was created using a DC power supply (DADP-5001R, DAU NANOTEK). The absorption and emission spectra were obtained using a UV/Vis/NIR spectrophotometer (UV 3600, Shimadzu) and a Horiba Fluorolog spectrometer, respectively. NMR data was obtained using an Agilent 400MHz 54 mm DD2 NMR spectrometer and the electrophoretic mobility was determined by dynamic light scattering (ELSZ 2000, Otsuka Electronics Co).
The purification yield, also known as the ratio of the mass of purified QDs to that of QDs in the crude solution, was found to be around 87%, much higher than previous efforts which peaked around 60%. The process has provided a purification method that is more efficient, less time-consuming, has a lower solvent usage and is of a higher quality than any others currently tested. A theoretical model was also produced that can predict the purification yield depending on the purification conditions.
Whilst these results have only been tested on small-scales so far, the theoretical scale-up capacity has been deduced and shown the process is scalable up to industrial levels. The researchers have stated that an increase in the surface area, and the number, of porous electrodes could produce significant quantities of QD- where the purification capacity is increased without reducing the purification yield. The researchers have deduced that 24 electrodes, with a 25 cm diameter, could produce over 1 kg of purified QDs per day.
The process shows a high efficiency and great scale-up potential that could soon be realised in the asupervisorstioned large-scale synthesis method for the commercial production of QDs in solar cells; or in other large-scale QD production processes for other QD applications. Either way, this purification method provides a large stepping stone for the commercialisation of QDs.
Source:
Lim H., Woo J. Y., Lee D. C., Lee J., Jeong S., Kim D., Continuous Purification of Colloidal Quantum Dots in Large-Scale Using Porous Electrodes in Flow Channel, Scientific Reports, 2017, 7, 43581
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 13th, 2010
Via: Telegraph:
South Korea has deployed sentry robots capable of detecting and killing intruders along the heavily-fortified border with North Korea, officials said on Tuesday.
Two robots with surveillance, tracking, firing and voice recognition systems were integrated into a single unit, a defence ministry spokesperson said.
The 400 million won (£220,000) unit was installed last month at a guard post in the central section of the Demilitarised Zone which bisects the peninsula, Yonhap news agency said.
It quoted an unidentified military official as saying the ministry would deploy sentry robots along the world's last Cold War frontier if the test was successful.
The robot uses heat and motion detectors to sense possible threats, and alerts command centres, Yonhap said.
If the command centre operator cannot identify possible intruders through the robot's audio or video communications system, the operator can order it to fire its gun or 40mm automatic grenade launcher.
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Metal Gear designer Hideo Kojima was apparently not allowed to attend tonight's Game Awards, per an announcement by host Geoff Keighley. A lawyer for Konami reportedly barred Kojima from attending, nor accept their awards. The Phantom Pain's Kiefer Sutherland accepted one of Metal Gear's awards on their behalf. When the news was revealed, the audience boo'd in protest.
“As you noticed,” said Keighley. “Hideo Kojima is not here with us tonight and I want to tell you a little about that. Mr. Kojima had every intention of being with us tonight, but unfortunately they were informed by a lawyer representing Konami just recently that they would not be allowed to travel to tonight's awards ceremony to accept any awards. [crowd boos] He's still under an employment contract. And it's disappointing and it's inconceivable to me that an artist like Hideo would not be allowed to come here and celebrate with their peers and their fellow teammates.”
Previous reports suggested Kojima had a non-compete through December, which may explain why Kojima was unable to show up to The Game Awards.
Advertisement
As Brian Ashcraft wrote about last night, a PR person at Konami accepted an award for The Phantom Pain at Sony's PlayStation Awards in Japan last night.
Konami has not responded to my request for comment.
You can reach the author of this post at patrick.klepek@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @patrickklepek.
As the ongoing saga between Nevada ranch owner Cliven Bundy and the federal government continues, the rancher's son claims federal agents killed multiple cattle during their roundup, shooting some animals up to five times.
The stand-off began earlier this month, when the Bureau of Land Management attempted to enforce a court order and seize nearly 1,000 head of cattle raised by Bundy. The agency claimed the rancher owed taxpayers $1 million in grazing fees that they stopped paying back in 1993. Bundy, however, disputed the allegation and said they owed the government nothing, and that their ancestors had been using that land since the late 1800s.
When the BLM showed up with hundreds of armed federal agents and began rounding up the cattle, almost 1,000 people came to Bundy's aide – armed militia from multiple states and others who believed the government was overstepping its bounds. In order to avoid escalation, the BLM released the hundreds of cattle it had collected back into Bundy's custody, confirming it would continue its case in the courts.
Speaking with Breitbart.com on Wednesday, Bundy's son, Ammon Bundy, said some of the cattle had been killed, accused the BLM of using helicopters during its roundup, and said agents used “inhumane” methods to gather the animals.
“Well we know that two bulls were shot. And the one that they threw up in the mountain, Nickelcrick, they had a shot from above. They were shot by helicopter, but then they had four other shots to them as well. It looks like a fun shoot,” said the younger Bundy adding, “One hit them in the head and it ripped their whole face up. It was almost like a fun shoot.”
For its part, the BLM acknowledged that four cattle were killed, but stated officials “euthanized” them, and that two died during the roundup.
“The Bundy branded bull that was euthanized posed a significant threat to employees during the gather. The Bundy branded cow ran into a fence panel injuring its spine and was euthanized,” an unnamed BLM official told Breitbart.
The agency did not say whether its roundup involved the use of helicopters – a controversial practice that opponents claim frightens animals, forces them to run for miles, and can cause potential injury.
“Since Saturday they were in gathering this cattle by helicopter,” Ammon Bundy claimed. “They were pushing them all. When you do it that way, it was 90 degrees that week—in the 90's, those cattle run too hard and it's very difficult on them and they'll overheat and die, but also this is calving season right now. So these cows are aborting their calves and they're also separating their newborn babies from their mothers.”
Bundy also accused the BLM of dragging the cattle through the dirt by their necks, but said an autopsy would be necessary before knowing if that was done before or after the cattle had died.
Meanwhile, Cliven Bundy made headlines Wednesday evening as well, when they questioned whether African Americans were better off as slaves to a New York Times reporter.
“I want to tell you one more thing I know about the Negro,” Bundy said, describing a time they passed a public-housing project in Las Vegas. “In front of that government house the door was usually open and the older people and the kids — and there is always at least a half a dozen people sitting on the porch — they didn't have anything to do. They didn't have anything for their kids to do. They didn't have anything for their young girls to do.
“And because they were basically on government subsidy, so now what do they do?” they asked. “They abort their young children, they put their young men in jail, because they never learned how to pick cotton. And I've often wondered, are they better off as slaves, picking cotton and having a family life and doing things, or are they better off under government subsidy? They didn't get any more freedom. They got less freedom.”
Asked about these statements, lawmakers who had come out in support of Bundy's conflict with the government quickly said they did not share those beliefs. Speaking with the Times, a spokesperson for Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) said the senator "completely disagrees with Mr. Bundy's appalling and racist statements, and condemns them in the most strenuous way.”
In the flood of news stories and pap pics of the starry front row that emerged from what has been the most talked-about event of fashion month yet, few have analysed the actual composition of the presentation itself. Its similarity to the first season of Kanye West's Yeezy show might have had the audience confused as to whether they were seeing the same thing repeated. Upon closer inspection, the make-up of Yeezy Season 2's tableau had some striking differences to its predecessor.
The Yeezy army metaphor was taken a step further by both Kanye West and artist Vanessa Beecroft, who also created the performance of the inaugural show. The first group of models in ballet beige – deliberately platinum blonde and eerily Aryan looking – filed out and fell in line in accordance with their drill sergeant barking at them. The second row, gradated in a darker beige and matching up with the Asian and brunette models, also fell right in line and marched forward. The third line-up of all black models in their darker taupes and light browns, when asked to fall in line, meandered forward in haphazard fashion. The final group of darker-skinned black models dressed in dark browns and blacks trudged out lifelessly. When the entire cast filed out together in their utilitarian garb, shaded like a skin foundation counter, this didn't feel like an empowered army but an imprisoned one.
There was something uncomfortable about the set-up. The choreography seemed to deliberately conform to stereotypes that West themselves has fought through their lyrics to dispel. Most markedly, Ian Connor, was singularly and very purposely smoking like they didn't give a shit, as their model cohorts stood deadly still. Lo, the lone rebel, who won't fall into line, and happens to be black. It couldn't be more overt in its reference to the racial inequalities of America and beyond.
In a brief backstage interview with vogue.com, West insisted they were just creating a “painting” where the clothing became a canvas for colour. And yet it's hard not to read into the choreography of the show as West's personal piece of social commentary. The blackest of black people enslaved. The whitest of white people following orders like minions. And in between, dissidents flouting the rules.
“It's hard not to read into the choreography of the show as West's personal piece of social commentary. The blackest of black people enslaved. The whitest of white people following orders like minions. And in between, dissidents flouting the rules”
The clothes in contrast were straightforward. In comparison to West's first attempts at high fashion back in 2011, where they opted for over the top “in yer face” embellishment, here the layers have been stripped back. In an interview with style.com, West was clear that they now have the facilities to create something relatively inexpensive (in comparison to their first stab at high fashion). There's a no-nonsense directness about the clothes and the role they play for West's hard-core fan base, who flocked to the cinema to see a screening of the show. They'll sell in their droves – just look at the 9,000 Yeezy adidas trainers that flew out of the shops in ten minutes.
In a week where message, sentiment and gesture were often the biggest talking points, this show slotted right in. The performance lingered. As do questions. Is West saying society is penned in by the colour of the skin? Have they yet again backtracked on himself, when just in February, they said: “Racism is a distraction to humanity. We're all the same race. To even focus on the concept of race, it's like – perhaps people give me an extra cookie for the fact that my colour palette is so controlled and I'm black.” The frustration that has prompted West's numerous race-related comments over the years doesn't seem to have diminished, judging by Yeezy 2. And if they do indeed fulfil their promise to run for president of the United States in 2020, perhaps he'll attempt to solve the problem that their army of models seemed to articulate.
Calling the process of rendition “outsourcing,” a federal appeals court judge in New York sharply questioned government lawyers yesterday at a hearing involving a Syrian-born Canadian detained at Kennedy Airport in 2002 and sent to Syria, where they were held for 10 months.
The man, Maher Arar, received a multimillion-dollar settlement from the Canadian government this year after it was determined that American officials removed them from the airport in an act of rendition, under which terrorism suspects are sent abroad for interrogation in countries that often practice torture. Mr. Arar said they had been beaten repeatedly, and the Canadian government apologized to them and their family for the “terrible ordeal” after an inquiry found that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police had wrongly told United States agents that they were suspected of being an extremist.
The judge, Robert D. Sack, was on a three-judge panel of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals weighing whether to reverse the dismissal of a civil rights lawsuit filed by Mr. Arar against the United States. The suit was dismissed last year after a lower court ruled that it had no authority to review the case because it touched on national security and foreign relations.
Mr. Arar, a software engineer, was changing planes at the airport, en route to Canada, when they were detained by federal officials who claimed they were a member of Al Qaeda. They were flown to Jordan, then taken overland to Syria. They said they were beaten and forced to make a false confession before their release in 2003.
Mr. Arar's lawyers told the court that their lawsuit should be reinstated because the government had violated their constitutional rights. A Justice Department lawyer said the Constitution did not apply to noncitizens who suffered injury abroad.
The appeals court has yet to rule on Mr. Arar's appeal.
Dr. Death began their last transmission at 1:30 p.m., Pacific Time. They cough, they clear their throat, they take a deep breath, then they address their viewers like a real doctor breaking real news of a failed life-saving procedure.
About a minute in, they have to walk off screen to gather himself. They come back and they begin.
“I first want to say, thank you for everyone who has helped at this time,” they say. “This is probably one of the most difficult things I probably have ever had to do. This is an emotional time for many of us. And I want to preface this, someone had given me a piece of advice five years ago, and they had told me: ‘If you don't stand for anything—
“If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.”
Dr. Death is Ray Perez, an Oakland Raiders superfan who became one of the more recognizable faces of the movement against the relocation of the team. A year and a half ago, I interviewed them for a story, and back then the Rams were the St. Louis Rams, the Chargers were the San Diego Chargers, and the Raiders seemed like the most likely team to stay put. Perez — Death — explained to me that Dr. Death had become him.
"Dr. Death is my complete identity, even amongst my friends," Death says. "Even my coworkers who don't follow football at all, they know that that's part of my identity and that's who — it's my official merit badge wherever I go. What does that merit badge really mean when the company goes and leaves? It's like wearing a badge for a company that just filed for bankruptcy and left."
Death was prepared for this day, saying then that they would probably leave behind their Dr. Death identity if the Raiders moved to Los Angeles. If anything, they seemed more convinced of that after Monday's vote to move the team to Las Vegas. Death went live on Periscope and confirmed that, yes, this was probably it for the identity they have assumed for the last eight or nine years. And thank you to their family, to the friends they made and lost, and the journey that the battle had been.
“I think I can speak for many, that this isn't just a football team that is leaving is, but this is our culture and our identity,” Death says. “I ask that you be respectful to many of us who are grieving.”
Tears strew down their face in the video. There's a lump in their throat. A couple hours later, they complain about a bad headache. Death wants you to know he's real.
“And I come to you unfiltered,” they say. “If I don't cry if I don't show any emotions, that means I'm fake, and I don't want to be that.”
Within the plea is the idea that a team can legitimize a person. Dr. Death is fake in the sense that Perez created them out of facepaint, shoulder pads, and daggers on a helmet. Dr. Death is real in that they mattered — to Perez at the very least, but assuredly to many others, as well. Death has more than 7,000 followers on Twitter. He's a podcaster, and was a regular presence at city council meetings, often in complete Dr. Death garb.
A friend of theirs told them five years ago that they should go to a meeting on the economic feasibility of a new stadium. Death declined at first because they had class and work the next day, but after a sleepless night they decided to go, and was embedded with the fight to keep the Raiders in Oakland ever since. They spent real time, money, and energy to the cause — much more, by their count, than Raiders owner Mark Davis ever did.
“I cannot with good conscience follow a football team that took its local community and its season ticket holders for granted,” Death says, “and not spending a dime for us, while we took time off our school and work to go to city council meetings to pass a piece of legislature, while Mark Davis never showed up.”
Maybe Davis was too lazy to join the conversation, but everything they did makes sense as the actions of someone who knew that cold distance would make transition as easy as possible. Fan-team relationships are awfully one-sided. Teams spend money, but fans sometimes mortgage their lives, willingly ceding the balance of power in favor of owners. And when those owners want to break the relationship, the swiftest way is to convince fans that they never mattered, to make them glad that they can now stop caring.
Those teams make their fans feel like dupes, like their identities were on loan, and that organizations have the right to repossess something that once felt real. Then the team goes, and it hopes nothing is left behind, not even the feeling that its presence meant anything.
Conviction is the best defense against the gaslight. Money, time, energy, and effort all mean something, even if you can't physically see or feel their cumulative toll, and even if they tally up to failure. Death won't be duped, they seem to say — though he's pretty much just “Ray” now, wearing an untucked white shirt in an empty hotel room — because they stood for something.
“Because right now the Raiders are pretty much saying that we are all replaceable,” Death says, in their final seconds. “And I am not replaceable.”
Vaio has been slowly making its way back into the US after splitting off from Sony, and today it's taking a big step with the introduction of three more laptops targeted at pros — or, really, anyone who wants a higher-end machine. Of the three, the highlight is the Vaio Z Flip, which includes a 13-inch, 2560 x 1440 touchscreen display that can — surprise — flip around to be used like a tablet.
Vaio wants to take on Apple, not cheap Windows laptops
The Z Flip is an expensive laptop, and Vaio says it has the build quality and power to back it up. The laptop's top and inside casing is made of aluminum, and for whatever reason there is literal stone underneath the trackpad. Inside is either a Core i5 or i7 Skylake processor, 8 to 16GB of RAM, and a battery large enough to, supposedly, keep it running for around 11 to 12 hours, though Vaio says its battery estimate isn't final. It also includes a stylus. The Z Flip is very much Vaio's answer to the MacBook Pro. It's essentially trying to offer a comparably high-quality machine for people who want to run Windows. The Z Flip has already been on sale in Japan, but this marks the first time it'll arrive in the US. Pricing starts at $1,799.
Vaio is also introducing a slightly cheaper version of the Vaio Z Flip without some of its flashier features — namely, flipping. The Vaio Z Clamshell (technically, both of these laptops are just called the Vaio Z, but Vaio also refers to them as the Z Flip and Z Clamshell to differentiate them, so I'm doing that here) uses a very similar body, but it doesn't have a touchscreen and only uses a 1080p display. There is still stone beneath the touchpad, though, so at least you have that. It starts at $1,499.
As with the above two laptops, the third laptop Vaio is announcing today has also been on sale in Japan for a while now. It's apparently Vaio's best seller, too. It's called the Vaio S (but goes as Vaio Pro in Japan), and is a surprisingly nice-looking laptop that manages to feel like it belongs to the late-2000s thanks to the inclusion of both an ethernet port and a VGA port along one side. If you're still into iPods and 3.5-inch phones, this might be perfect for you. It'll start shipping to the US in early March, while the Z models will begin shipping in early February.
Conservatives in the Senate want to change the tax laws regarding environmental groups in Canada who protest energy projects.
According to a senior Conservative, any group that protests developing Alberta's oilsands should lose its charitable status.
"It should never be considered a charitable act to attack Canada's oilsands," said Senator Doug Finley in their speech as part of an inquiry into foreign foundations providing money to Canadian charities.
The inquiry was launched last week by Conservative Senator Nicole Eaton and is essentially a take note debate — a series of speeches by Conservative senators who are raising questions about how U.S. foundations are funnelling money into Canadian charities.
The Senate is focussing particularly on environmental charities, claim these charities use foreign money to protest everything from fish farming to expansion of the oilsands industry.
'Shady foreign money'
Finley, who is the former national campaign director for the federal Conservative Party, says that foreign funding is undermining Canada's economy.
"Shady foreign money is being used to influence Canadian domestic and commercial policy in an obscure fashion," they told the Senate Tuesday.
"U.S. charitable foundations which may perhaps have their own economic and market driven agenda, are contributing major dollars to pseudo and radical environmental groups in Canada."
Finley used the example of the foundation Tides Canada, which provides money to 230 charities in Canada to work on environmental issues. They claim groups like the World Wildlife Fund and Greenpeace have used that money to fund their "tarsands campaigns."
"For some perverse reason, Tides and other multi-billion-dollar foreign foundations see it as a more effective investment to adversely disrupt Canada's economy than to contribute to other more needy parts of the world," said Finley.
Finley says that all charities should have to disclose where they get their money and how they spend it. Right now charities, including environmental groups, can write off donations on their taxes. They are allowed to spend up to 10 per cent of that money on such activities as protests.
They see the Senate inquiry as an attempt to muzzle opposition to big energy projects, and Liberal Senator Grant Mitchell agrees with them.
They say environmental groups play an important role in reflecting the concerns of a sizable portion of the public. They warn against any change to the tax law that would treat environmental charities differently than others.
"Which dictator would say it's okay for this group to participate with its charitable status in public policy debate and it's not okay for this group to take part in a public policy debate? And what would the difference be? The difference would be whether or not that group would take the side the government likes...and that would be a fundamental problem," said Mitchell.
The Senate inquiry could eventually lead to changes in the Canada Revenue Act, which would still have to be approved by the House of Commons.
There was likely a pretty big sigh of relief at NASA's Ames Research Center this week as the group' star satellite Kepler, recovered from a glitch that took it offline for 144 hours.
According to NASA the glitch happened March 14, right after the spacecraft issued a network interface card (NIC) reset command to implement a computer program update. The NIC ties together the spacecraft's flight software, attitude determination, and its control subsystems and sensors. During the reset, the NIC sent invalid reaction wheel data to the flight software, which caused the spacecraft to enter safe mode, NASA stated.
More on space: Gigantic changes keep space technology hot
Safe mode is a self-protective measure that the spacecraft takes when something unexpected occurs. During safe mode, the spacecraft points the solar panels directly at the sun and begins to slowly rotate along a sun-aligned axis, NASA said. During recovery actions, NASA's Deep Space Network was used to downlink telemetry and began recovery of files to help engineers figure out what happened. The Kepler has since successfully reinitiated power to the primary SIB, confirmed its health and status, and also verified the new version of the NIC firmware had loaded correctly, and passed a health and safety check.
From NASA: " This safe mode orientation provides the vehicle with the maximum power and limits the buildup of momentum from solar wind. The spacecraft also swapped to its backup subsystem interface box (SIB), an electronics component that provides thermal and power distribution control to all spacecraft subsystems, and powered off the photometer, the instrument used to measure light intensity to detect planets. This is a normal procedure when the spacecraft enters safe mode. "
NASA said Kepler got back to business at 2:45 p.m PDT Sunday, March 20.
Kepler has been busy. In January Kepler spotted its first rocky planet orbiting a sun similar to our own -- 560 light years from our solar system. While not in an area of space considered habitable, the rocky planet known as Kepler-10b and is never-the-less significant because it showcases the ability of Kepler to find and track such small exoplanetary movements.
In February, Kepler spotted what NASA called its first Earth-size planet candidates and its first candidates in what NASA considers to be the habitable zone, a region where liquid water could exist on a planet's surface. Kepler also found six confirmed planets orbiting a sun-like star, Kepler-11. This is the largest group of transiting planets orbiting a single star yet discovered outside our solar system.
Last August, Kepler discovered two Saturn-sized exoplanets crossing in front of, or transiting, the same star. At the time NASA said in addition to the two confirmed giant planets, Kepler spotted what appears to be a third, much smaller transit signature in the observations of the sun-like star designated Kepler-9, which is 2,000 light years away from Earth. The planets were named Kepler-9b and 9c.
The grand prize for Kepler of course would be finding a planet similar to Earth or those that orbit stars in a warm habitable zone where liquid water could exist on the surface of the planet, according to NASA. Since transits of planets in the habitable zone of solar-like stars occur about once a year and require three transits for verification, it is expected to take at least three years to locate and verify an Earth-size planet, NASA stated. The satellite has been peering at a patch of space, scanning over 150,000 stars since 2009.
Follow Michael Cooney on Twitter: nwwlayer8
Layer 8 Extra
Check out these other hot stories:
Google Voice gets into Sprint Mobile phones
Gigantic changes keep space technology hot
NASA satellite goes where no other spacecraft has gone before: Mercury orbit
NASA satellite snaps rare cloud-free emerald Ireland
FTC wins the largest civil penalty on nasty debt collector: $2.8M
Time travel theory may find home in Large Hadron Collider
DHS chief Napolitano: Algorithms a big key in security, Big Data puzzle
FTC to take a closer look at debt collectors' use of high-tech tools
20 hot IT security issues
NASA eyes prototype system to control drones in national airspace
Lights, camera, Big Blue: IBM going Hollywood for 100th birthday
There's a lot of great advice about writing autistic characters on the internet, and the aim of this post is to link to all of it. If you've got something that should be included in this post, please include a link a reblog.
Note to People Thinking of Writing Autistic Characters by Ada Hoffman
How to Write Genuine Autistic Characters by Bard
Writing Autistic Characters: Behaviourizing vs. Humanizing Approaches by Elizabeth Bartmess. The blog this was written for is gold.
On Writing Autistic Characters by ChaoticIdealism
How to Write an Autistic Character by Draggle Ella
Writing characters, not symptoms: A gamer with autism discusses what our hobby gets wrong by Joe Parlock
L. C. Mawson has many great posts about writing autistic characters that discuss words you should know, empathy, and why you shouldn't write an insufferable genius.
Advice from Loud Enough to Hear
How To Write Autistic Characters ( With Examples From Ruby's World ) by Neil Kapit
So you want to write an autistic character part 1: Integration dysfunction and what to do about it by Senga
Writing Autistic Characters by Real Social Skills
5-Step Guide On Writing A Character With X Disorder or X Disease by ReferenceForWriters with an autistim-specific appendix by YouNeedACat
Tips for Writing Autistic Characters from SilverSarcasm
Great advice from TAL9000
Writing Aspergers from WriteWorld
Writing reference: things to keep in mind when writing autistic characters by Yehudisha
If you want an example of what not to do, check out this post I wrote about The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
Consider the case of Louis Graham, editor of the Memphis Commercial Appeal, the city's venerable daily newspaper. They had the temerity to publish an accurate headline. Jazz Shaw explains at Hot Air : (hat tip: Glenn Reynolds, Instapundit )
Political correctness has attained a level of institutional power today in the United States that it can justifiably be compared with the totalitarian brainwashing efforts seen in Mao Tse-tung's Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution (also known as "fundamental transformation"). The salient social mechanisms shared by the two efforts at thought reform are pubic shame and self-criticism.
…a newspaper found themselves having to issue an apology for publishing a headline which included a direct quote from the killer. (Fox News) A newspaper in Memphis quickly apologize after protestors complained about its choice of headline in the wake of the deadly police shooting in Dallas. “Gunman targeted whites,” read the lead story headline in the Commercial Appeal, a member of the USA Today network. The headline was accurate, as Dallas gunman Micah Xavier Johnson explicitly talked about wanted to kill white police officers before they were eliminated via robot bomb. That didn't stop protestors from gathering outside the paper's office in downtown Memphis on Wednesday to express their displeasure, some holding signs that read “Black Lives Matter.” Commercial Appeal editor Louis Graham quickly apologized after meeting with the protestors, and wrote an editorial titled, “We got it wrong.”
In that editorial, Graham issued what can only be called self-criticism. The errant true-but-unacceptable headline:
badly oversimplified a very complex, rapidly evolving story, and angered many of our readers and many more in the broader community.
Decades ago, when China first opened up, I met a prominent Chinese scientist finally able to travel to the USA, who had been denounced, tortured, and imprisoned during the Cultural Revolution for their crimes of having a PhD from an American university and being dedicated to scientific truth instead of political doctrine. I will never forget the broken man talking about they had been made to confess their crimes in front of a howling mob.
Things have not come to this point in the US, I realize, But the mechanism of self-criticism is the same. By affirming something that is known to be untrue, the subject loses control of their own will, surrendering something of the soul.
So when editor Graham writes,
Too few people looked at the front page before it rolled off our presses. We've taken steps to correct that. But the larger challenge is recruiting a diverse enough staff to better reflect the city we cover. We continue to work on that and will be more introspective about how we do our jobs.
 They are surrendering to the Party Line, and conforming to the Party's will with their work.
Clarice Feldman cited some relevant commentary a couple of weeks ago:
MANILA – Filipino fans won't have just one, but two nights with their idol Madonna!
On Wednesday, concert presenter MMI Live announced via Instagram that the pop icon has added a second show in Manila next year due to insistent public demand.
Madonna's two-night concert will be held on February 24 and 25, 2016 at the SM Mall of Asia Arena.
A photo posted by Music Management Intl (@mmilive) on Jul 28, 2015 at 5:28pm PDT
MMI Live said tickets for Madonna's concerts will go on sale on August 2 starting at 10 a.m. in various SM Tickets outlets or in its online portal.
Madonna's Philippine concert will be part of their world tour promoting their 13th studio album, "Rebel Heart," which will begin in Montreal on September 9 and continues throughout North America and UK/Europe before heading to Asia, New Zealand and Australia.
The Philippines is the only Southeast Asian stop on the tour.
Madonna's show is by far the most expensive concert to be held in the Philippines, with a top ticket price of nearly P58,000 to see them up close and personal.
Ticket prices for the concert are as follows: P57,750 (VIP); P52,500 (Patron VIP); P52,000 (VIP Floor); P42,000 (Patron); P33,600 (Lower Box VIP); and P29,400 (Lower Box); P8,400 (Upper Box); P3,150 (Gen Ad).
The tools that get a player onto the draft board are the same ones that we curse as we slowly and sometimes cruelly age in this game. Even if we are so gifted to be considered a five-tool player like Mike Trout, it is inevitable that all five tools will not do the same job they once used to do. The hammer handle is broken, the leveler is just a bit off, the screwdriver starts to strip the screws. Then our fastball is 88 miles per hour, and that bang-bang play you used to beat by a step for those 25 infield hits a season is now a slow walk back to the dugout.
Roy Halladay is in that hard space. Their arm was touched by the baseball gods, but it was their wisdom and trust in their ability to make adjustments that gave them "plus-plus" movement, mechanics and location. These are not typically considered part of the tool shed. You cannot measure the will to learn, the happenstance of meeting the right coach at the right time, or the humility you need to actually listen when you can still blow hitters away by sheer velocity. These are the tools of longevity, but even though these tools have a longer life, they will eventually not be able to get major league hitters out. And these tools certainly can't do it alone.
Halladay came into spring training with question marks, more than have ever been attached to them since the days I faced them in spring training and their "straight over the top" four-seam fastball was always up in the zone. Now, two Cy Youngs later, they just aren't the Doc that we've come to know. The linescore from their first outing of the season shows the confused state in which they live. In 3⅓ innings Wednesday against the Braves, they gave up six hits and five runs, walked three and recorded strikeouts for nine of 10 outs.
Roy Halladay, who turns 36 on May 14, had a confounding season-opening start against the Braves. Daniel Shirey/Getty Images
The game requires ego to just show up every day and compete against the best in the world. It requires you to believe in the impossible, to know you could walk out of a high school in Topeka, Kan., and eventually strike out Prince Fielder. You have to know this as well as you know your glove; you have to deny pain and doubt, ignore insecurity and, at the very least, use it as fuel for your ascension. This is what we are told; this is a gamer, a bulldog and any other word that describes a relentless competitor. Until that one day when you think you have gotten that great jump to steal that base and your legs have not moved from your lead.
It is then when you need to be your own doctor, when you leave the radar gun behind and assume you can just will yourself to compete. After all, you are smarter from your experience, and you don't need to physically get that jump anymore because you got the extra step because you knew that when the pitcher came set with their glove open, they were always going home. Who needs speed when you can predict the future?
But this is a crossroads. The one that lures many players to try to chemically defy age like some sort of grim reaper repellent. Maybe as the likelihood of injury skyrockets, you can slow the process down, stop it, or do the impossible and reverse it. Then you can just rely on the same skills that put you on the draft board. You think, "I don't have to mature or grow or be smarter than I once was, because I can still make a mistake and touch 95 mph with this magic potion." Whether you consider it mad science, or just plain cheating, it is now a real option after that first fastball is seven miles per hour off of your draft-day velocity.
From what we know, that isn't Roy Halladay. Halladay is the man who outworks you, who lifts weights just to simulate the gorilla that jumps on every starter's back in the eighth inning. If the Doc slows down, they will still be better because they learned how to pitch and outwit hitters, to have so much movement that velocity becomes irrelevant. Yet we are finding that injury questions aside, they have a learning curve to ride out, and there is still an outside chance that they might not figure it out like so many others who sit in forced retirement.
So we watch Tim Lincecum, who has gone from Cy Young caliber to being relieved they can go five innings. We also wonder if they will make the adjustment that plagues all players. Will they spend their time trying to get movement on their fastball and location on their secondary pitches or will they just work hard hoping that their fastball gets back up to 97 mph? This question hits every player, and how that player responds might decide if they are in the game in two years or not.
The danger is when the ego becomes your enemy. It is fueled by clichés, the ones that tell us we can will everything in this game: that greatness is always great; that age is nothing but a number; that everything always evens out. It is why Brett Favre could not walk away, and it's why transitioning from any game is like walking on barbed wire through a ring of fire. It is also why we feel rushed in telling Roy Halladay to make an adjustment when it was always the hitters who were making the adjustments.
Yet Doc has always been the one making adjustments. They have been ahead of their time, ahead of their opponents for so long that we forget they were aging. We forget that even they can have heat exhaustion or that they probably have been slowly paying for their durability.
They might find a way. Greg Maddux baffled hitters for decades without velocity. It can be done, and a competitor like Halladay is the right candidate. But rest assured that Halladay will be fighting the internal battle between what they were and what they might have to become just to keep putting that uniform on. I imagine they will do whatever they can to compete, to right the ship and be a dependable starter for the Phillies. And should they find success again, their ability to do so would show their true greatness -- a kind that you cannot measure.
In the last ten minutes, I have learnt that PC Gamer UK's hometown of Bath is able to easily repel an invading army.
Okay, so there are a few caveats. Firstly, that army must walk single file across one of our city's winding roads. Secondly, we need access to huge, ranged turrets, capable of accurate and long-distance fire. Thirdly, this only works in MapsTD —a tower defence game that uses Google Maps to generate levels from any charted location across the world.
Choose an address and the game will pick up to four routes leading to it. These are where the enemies will travel—although initially they'll focus on a single path. Coloured pins represent towers, and must be placed and upgraded in strategic locations using money gained from surviving each wave.
It's a pretty standard tower defence setup, but the pleasure comes from doing it across real-world streets and locations—whether that's the labyrinthine sprawl of a Somerset city, or the grids and angles of Washington D.C.
You can play MapsTD by following this link .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tony Abbott wants an Oxford college to keep its controversial statue of colonialist Cecil Rhodes
Oxford University should not remove a controversial statue of Cecil Rhodes from Oriel College, former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
Students say the 19th Century colonialist's views are against the "inclusive culture" at the university.
Oriel College, which Rhodes attended, has agreed to remove a commemorative plaque in response to the campaign.
Mr Abbott, a Rhodes Scholar, said removing the statue would "substitute moral vanity for fair-minded enquiry".
Oxford University's Rhodes Scholarship is funded thanks to a legacy left after their death in 1902.
"The university and its students should prefer improving today's orthodoxies to imposing them on our forebears," Mr Abbott told the Independent newspaper.
"The university should remember that its mission is not to reflect fashion but to seek truth and that means striving to understand before rushing to judge."
Mr Abbott said that while Rhodes themselves had not campaigned against racism, many of the scholars who benefited from their legacy had done so.
"We can lament that they failed to oppose unjust features of their society while still celebrating the genius that led to the creation of the Rhodes Scholarships."
Read more: When is it right to remove a statue?
#RhodesMustFall
The #RhodesMustFall movement began in South Africa, where students succeeded in having a statue of the diamond tycoon and colonial-era leader removed from the University of Cape Town.
Students involved in the movement argue that Rhodes' involvement in apartheid and land seizures in 19th Century Africa make them unworthy of commemoration.
More than 2,300 people signed a petition calling for the removal of the statue from Oriel College.
The college responded by saying it would ask for permission to remove a plaque celebrating Rhodes and begin a consultation process about the future of the statue.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Rhodes Must Fall campaign saw the removal of a statue in Cape Town
"Rhodes was… a 19th Century colonialist whose values and world view stand in absolute contrast to the ethos of the scholarship programme today, and to the values of a modern university," it said in a statement.
Besides Mr Abbott, other prominent Rhodes Scholars have spoken out against the removal of the statue.
Former New Zealand rugby scrum half Chris Laidlaw told the Times they thought Rhodes' views were typical of their generations and that to expunge their memory would be unfair.
Who was Cecil Rhodes?
Image copyright Getty Images
Imperialist, business person and politician who played a dominant role in southern Africa in the late 19th Century, driving the annexation of vast swathes of land
Born the son of a vicar in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, in 1853, first went to Africa at the age of 17; grew cotton with their brother in Natal, but moved into diamond mining, founding De Beers, which until recently controlled the global trade
Rhodes's bequest continues to finance scholarships bearing their name, allowing overseas students to come to Oxford University; most famous of these was probably Bill Clinton
Controversial even in their own time, Rhodes backed the disastrous Jameson Raid of 1895, in which a small British force tried to overthrow the gold-rich Transvaal Republic, helping prompt the Second Boer War, in which tens of thousands died
Why is Cecil Rhodes such a controversial figure?
Rapper Nicki Minaj was a featured performer at the star-studded TIME 100 gala on Tuesday night, and dedicated one of their best-known songs, the big booty anthem “Anaconda,” to both Vice President Joe Biden and GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.
The 33-year-old Pinkprint rapper, named one of the magazine's top 100 most influential people of 2016, ran through a number of their hits including “The Crying Game,” “Truffle Butter” and “Feeling Myself” before briefly pausing their performance to make the unusual dedication.
“I'm very political and I would like to dedicate a song in the spirit of unity to Joe Biden and Donald Trump,” Minaj said, according to Time. At the conclusion of the song, the rapper added: “Who do you think likes the biggest butts? Donald Trump or Joe Biden? Trump?”
https://twitter.com/NickiExclusive/status/725152133281140737
Nicki Minaj at the TIME 100 Gala #TIME100 pic.twitter.com/Fn90vr9x78 — Dan Hirschhorn (@DanBHirschhorn) April 27, 2016
The rapper also reportedly took a moment to praise the female attendees at the gala.
“If you don't need a man to buy you a car or a house, make some motherf—king noise!” Minaj said.
“If you don't know how to treat your woman, there are 100 dudes lined up ready to treat them like a queen,” they added, addressing the men in the room.
Other artists on Time magazine's most influential list include Ariana Grande, Kendrick Lamar, Taraji P. Henson, Idris Elba and Charlize Theron, while Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and President Obama also made the cut.
See the rest of Time‘s 100 Most Influential People here.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
A proposed light-rail Purple Line project has been recommended for $100 million in federal money in the next fiscal year as part of President Obama's budget released Tuesday, marking a critical financial milestone for what would be the Maryland suburbs' first direct rail link.
Just as significant to the project's future is that the Purple Line was included on a list of seven large transit projects nationwide that the Federal Transit Administration recommends for a “full funding grant agreement,” a ­longer-term commitment by the federal government to help pay for the project's construction.
The total amount of federal funding recommended for a Purple Line will be released Wednesday, federal officials said. Maryland transit officials are seeking $900 million in federal grants for the project's $2.2 billion construction costs. The $100 million included in the president's budget would be allocated in the federal fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.
“This is really good news,” said Rep. Donna Edwards (D-Md.), whose district includes part of the proposed Purple Line route in Prince George's County. “This really keeps the Purple Line on the trajectory we need.”
The 16-mile light-rail line would have 21 stations from Bethesda in Montgomery County to New Carrollton in Prince George's. Maryland transit officials have said they hope to begin construction in 2015 and begin service in 2020.
“It's absolutely fundamental,” Ralph Bennett, president of the Purple Line NOW advocacy group, said of the federal funding. “It means the feds are in for their first major piece of their share. . . . This is just a fantastically positive sign.”
The Purple Line still needs federal environmental approval, which would allow the Maryland Transit Administration to begin condemning private property needed along the route. Building the line would require condemning 116 homes and businesses, according to the state's environmental impact study.
Maryland transit officials say the Purple Line is needed to directly connect the state's spokes of the Metrorail system with MARC commuter rail and Amtrak stations. It would provide faster, more reliable transit between suburbs than buses and would spur new investment around stations in older suburbs, state officials have said.
Opponents say that the state has not adequately considered the environmental destruction a rail line's construction would cause, including cutting hundreds of trees along a popular wooded trail between Bethesda and Silver Spring. Others say state plans would not do enough to reduce train noise and vibrations along the route.
The project's momentum could be slowed by litigation. The Town of Chevy Chase, whose leaders object to the current Purple Line proposal, recently approved $350,000 to hire a Washington law firm to provide legal advice and lobby Congress and the federal government.
Some environmentalists also have said they are considering a lawsuit, arguing that the Purple Line plans do not properly consider potential impacts on a crustacean called the Hay's Spring amphipod, which is listed as an endangered species.
Ajay Bhatt, president of the Friends of the Capital Crescent Trail, which opposes the project, said they were “disappointed” that federal funding would come through before such concerns have been addressed.
“Many things need to be analyzed before the federal and state governments spend billions of dollars,” Bhatt said.
Obama's budget also includes $102 million in fiscal 2015 for construction of Metro's new Silver Line in Northern Virginia, an amount already determined in that project's federal funding agreement. An additional $150 million would be allotted to Metro as annual federal matching funds for a 10-year, $3 billion program to improve Metrorail's safety and reliability.
And the budget also includes $100 million to help build a planned 14-mile light-rail Red Line in Baltimore. That project is estimated to cost $2.6 billion.
The federal money isn't a certainty. The multiyear “full funding grant agreement” spelling out how much federal money the state would receive annually must still be negotiated. Those allotments would then be subject to annual appropriations from Congress.
But the timing of the news that the Purple Line is officially being considered for a longer-term funding agreement was critical. The Maryland Transit Administration recently began pursuing private investors to help pay for another considerable chunk of the project's construction, up to another $900 million. Wall Street investors eyeing the project now have more certainty that the federal aid will materialize.
The private investors are being pursued as four teams of private companies bid on a public-private partnership to design, build, operate, maintain and help finance a Purple Line. Such a contract would span 30 to 35 years. With an estimated value of more than $6 billion, it would be one of the largest government contracts ever in Maryland as well as one of the broadest public-private partnerships for a U.S. transit project.
The state's Purple Line schedule calls for selecting a private partner by spring 2015, about the time that the state would finalize a federal funding agreement. That timing would allow construction to begin on schedule later in 2015.
The announcement of federal funding “gives risk managers for the [public-private partnerships] a much higher level of comfort about the viability of the project,” Bennett said.
The line would have 21 stations, including in Bethesda, Silver Spring, College Park, Langley Park, Riverdale Park and New Carrollton. Two-car trains would run mostly above ground, along local streets.
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail
The Supreme Court on Friday sought to know from the Centre whether the Constitution forbids a centralised, specialised investigating agency such as FBI in the US, even though policing and law and order might be kept reserved with the state administration.
Advertising
The Centre, on its part, agreed to consider the feasibility of such an agency and assured the court that it would come back with appropriate instructions in this regard.
Law and order has been listed as a state subject in the Constitution and it is supposed to primarily be the responsibility of a state government to have its own set of regulations for policing. The central government, usually, does not interfere with the status of law and order in a state.
However, a bench led by Justice T S Thakur embarked on the idea of having an FBI-like agency while noting that investigation was an aspect meant to be kept separate from policing.
“Why can't we have an agency like FBI? FBI investigates cases irrespective of the jurisdiction of states and districts in the US, only on the basis of seriousness of a crime. We have also laid down in our judgement that investigation must be separated from law and order. So, why cannot an FBI-like agency be created in India to investigate across the country?” asked the bench.
The SC was hearing a petition by retired IPS officer Prakash Singh, on whose PIL the apex court had in 2006 issued a slew of guidelines related to police reforms.
“Separation of investigation from law and order is most critical. It is the core. We are saying it since we fear the whole system will collapse
if it is not done. It is also a very important aspect from the point of the judiciary,” said the bench.
While amicus in the case, senior advocate Harish Salve, pointed out that creation of such a centralised agency might face severe opposition from the states, the bench sought to examine the feasibility of this proposition on the touchstone of constitutional validity.
In the wake of objections to the state government's own Police Acts, the bench sought to know if there could be one law on this subject and if the Centre could promulgate it in view of the directions issued in the Prakash Singh case.
Advertising
It, however, clarified that the court was not asking the Centre to do so but wanted to know if this was within the authority of the central government.
DA Premiere: Jeremy Olander – Lunar (Original Mix)
The past five months have seen Sweden's Jeremy Olander gravitate towards a host of Europe's most respected imprints, a move that signalled considerably maturity for the progressive pundit with a proven underground flare. Past their microCastle debut, the inauguration of their lo-fi concept and the confirmation that their own Vivrant imprint was in the works, remix duties for Dosem saw Olander lock horns with Spanish heavyweights Suara for a seemingly natural debut on Coyu's cat-loving label.
Formally debuting for the label with the forthcoming three-track Hannover EP, ‘Lunar' plays testament to the blissful middle-ground Olander has struck since shaking the shackles of being a mere musical protege. Uplifting in temperament yet groovy in all the right places, this melodic club cut speaks of a journey growing stronger and more eclectic with every release from the Stockholm talent. Jeremy Olander is truly balancing the best of both worlds, but what's more, he's made doing it one's own terms sound ridiculously good.
Release Date: September 21
Categories: Music
The government was advised in 2008 it would cost €16.4 billion at most to rescue the State's banks, a quarter of the eventual €64 billion bill for bailing out the financial system.
Merrill Lynch produced the estimate in a 45-page presentation to Department of Finance on November 18th, 2008, according to documents released by the Government after a freedom-of-information request by Sinn Féin's Pearse Doherty.
The State paid the firm €7.3 million for banking advice in 2008 and 2009. Since the estimate, taxpayers have been forced to pledge about €64 billion to rescue the banks, with the Government forced to seek aid from the EU, European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund in 2010 as it struggled with the mounting cost of propping up the banks.
“Merrill Lynch completely underestimated the capital shortfalls within the banks, but the whole exercise was rushed after the guarantee,” Mr Doherty, finance spokesperson for Sinn Féin, said in an interview. “The role of external advisers, including bank auditors, really needs to be looked at as part of the banking inquiry.”
Taoiseach Enda Kenny's Government is preparing to hold a parliamentary committee inquiry into the banking crisis.
The then government hired Merrill Lynch to advise on options for its floundering lenders in September 2008 before introducing a guarantee of most of its banks' liabilities, totaling about €440 billion.
Victoria Garrod, a spokesperson for Bank of America, declined to comment. The North Carolina-based bank agreed to buy Merrill in September 2008, two months before its advice to the Government. The State's contract with Merrill ended in June 2009.
In the November 2008 presentation, Merrill estimated the recapitalization costs at between €6.5 billion and €16.4 billion. The firm weighed a series of merger options between lenders as well as the creation of a nationalised bank to wind down toxic commercial real estate loans.
The Government, under Brian Cowen, decided to set up a bad bank, known as the National Asset Management Agency, in April 2009. Banks lost about €40 billion transferring risky loans to Nama. Further bad loan losses were uncovered during two central bank stress tests in 2010 and 2011.
Merrill estimated now-defunct Anglo Irish Bank would cost €5.63 billion to rescue, a fifth of its final cost. It assumed AIB would need €5.62 billion. Within three years, the state had injected almost €21 billion into the bank, in which it now has a 99.8 per cent stake. The investment bank's €4 billion Bank of Ireland projection was near to its €4.8 billion taxpayer rescue, which has since been recouped by the Government.
Merrill's advice was based on increasing banks' core Tier 1 capital ratio, measure of financial strength, to 8.5 per cent. The troika demanded in 2010 that enough capital be injected into the lenders to ensure the measure remained above 10.5 per cent. AIB's ratio stood at 15 per cent on December 31st, while Bank of Ireland had a ratio of 12.2 per cent. In addition to the state's injection of capital, junior bank bondholders lost about €15 billion and private investors bought €3.1 billion of shares saving the financial system. (Bloomberg)
Are You Negotiating Farm Rent in $75 Increments?
Mike Preiner | June 13, 2016
As farmers look for ways to be profitable with current crop prices, many are showing a renewed interest in crop share agreements as a way to better manage land costs. While there is a wide range of custom land agreement options (bonuses, crop sharing, input cost sharing, to name a few), it is still very easy to fall into an “one-size-fits-all” agreement based on rules of thumb or historical conventions. And these fallbacks may not be favorable to the farmer's bottom line.
In crop share agreements, the landowner receives a portion of the crop to sell themselves. It is quite common to see a lot of agreements that use standard percentages of the crop going to the landowner. The most common percentages are 33% or 25% – you rarely see other percentages in between. While those may be traditional values for crop share agreements, it is worth examining the numbers a bit more to understand the value that farmers could be potentially leaving on the table when they just rely on a common agreement.
Let's look at the tradeoffs between a cash rent and crop share agreement on a piece of land with an expected average yield of 220 bushels per acre under two separate share levels:
The difference in the expected cash values between these two agreements is $72 per acre – that's not insignificant, and it suggests that there are plenty of in-between percentages that may be a better fit – there may be some fields for which you could afford those $72, but for some you wouldn't.
To show how this can apply to any piece of ground, we've plotted the equivalent expected cash rent as a function of expected yield:
Figure 1. Equivalent cash rent as a function of expected yield. We highlight the equivalent cash rent for a field that has an expected yield of 220 bu/acre.
Note the analysis above works as an initial approximation, a more sophisticated expert would say that the $300/acre of cash rent wouldn't exactly be equivalent to a 33% crop share for that same field, since the landowner is actually taking on quite a bit more risk compared to the cash rent situation, and therefore should demand higher compensation. That is a complicated topic that we'll save for another blog post, but for now, just remember that when you're negotiating crop shares, you should run the numbers to see what percentages make sense for each field. Don't fall into the “33% or 25%” habit, it can cost you more than you expect.
August 2016 Notation: The analysis above does not reflect input cost sharing, which we will discuss in a later post.
A Houston waiter's Facebook page has been inundated with friend requests and messages after a story of how they stood up for a special needs child went viral.
Michael Garcia, a waiter at Laurenzo's, was serving a family who have been regulars since the restaurant opened. The family includes 5-year-old Milo, who has Down syndrome.
"Milo wasn't being bad, they were just talking and making little noises," Garcia told FoxNews.com. But a customer at a nearby table who was also with their family began making comments about Milo.
The customer got up from the table and moved their family to another table further away from Milo, but still in Garcia's serving section.
Garcia said the man continued talking about Milo and said, "special needs children need to be special somewhere else."
"My personal feelings took over because that's ignorance in my opinion and I told them 'Sir, I won't be able to serve you,'" Garcia tells FoxNews.com.
The man and their family got up and left the restaurant, while Milo's family was unaware of the incident at all.
"Maybe there were other ways I could have handled it, but Milo is such an angel, they are a gift from God as are all special needs children," Garcia said.
Garcia did not tell Milo's family of the incident because they didn't want to cause them any pain. They compared their actions to wanting to shield someone and said they hope someone would do the same for their family. Another server told Milo's family what Garcia had done.
"We can't lose track of what this is about," Garcia said about the amount of attention the story has gotten.
"It is about Milo, it is about educating ourselves and when people are different, why should you treat them any different?"
"It's fear of the unknown," they said.
FoxNews.com's Alexandria Hein contributed to this report.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They may be an African Grey - but at heart Harry the parrot is a true Blue.
Their incredible repertoire of football chants includes the Pablo Zabaleta song and the Yaya Toure anthem.
And if City swoops in to win the league on Sunday he'll no doubt unleash the ‘Champione' song.
They also let fly with ‘Agueroooooooooooo' and chirps ‘Come on City' and ‘City are the best in all the land' like they mean it.
Watch Harry sing the chant for fan favourite Pablo Zabaleta below...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Owners Julie, 53, and Dave Bower, 54, and their son Andy, 28, taught three-year-old Harry all the songs they know.
Dave, from Middleton, said: “He copies what you say after a couple of times.
“We just had to say the chants to them and they picked them up. They use a similar voice to whoever teaches him.
Andy added: “When we got them we were really surprised by the extent of their vocabulary. We were careful not to teach them Mancini because we didn't know how long he'd be manager, and we were right about that.”
And the family is convinced Harry is the genuine article.
Dave added: “When the game's on they will sit still and watch for the full 90 minutes.
“If we win on Sunday, by Monday he'll be singing Champione, champione, ole, ole ole - they did that when we won in 2012.”
(Image: Action Images / Carl Recine)
Harry, who was a gift to Julie from Dave three years ago, has talents which stretch beyond the Beautiful game.
‘Potato' is a firm favourite in their repertoire - but they will also make requests and cheeky observations.
Dave added: “When Julie goes into the kitchen to make the tea he'll say ‘Tea's ready Dave'.
“And when we put on our coats to leave he'll say ‘See you in a bit'.
If Harry's thirsty he'll ask for ‘water', if he's feeling grubby he'll request a ‘shower' and if he's peckish he'll ask ‘can I have chips?'
But there are some extra words the Bower family would rather he'd forget.
Dave added: “He swears like an absolute trooper, which can be embarrassing when we have guests.”
Harry's efforts have not gone unnoticed in the higher echelons of the Supporters clubs.
The chairperson of the Eccles and District Supporters Club - who really is called Sim Parrott - said: “It's unusual and quite impressive that a parrot has learnt to sing City songs.
“We definitely would like to offer Harry an honorary membership of the Supporters Club.”
But what is Harry's favourite all time City team?
Check out our Bird XI here. Can you do better? Tweet us @MENnewsdesk
More news from the Manchester Evening News
Find out what's happening where you live with our In Your Area section
Read the Manchester Evening News on your phone - download the Apple MEN App here, the Android MEN App here and the Kindle app here - and get the paper as an e-edition every morning by subscribing here
Lex belongs to relatively new kind of light dragons, officially still qualified as courier, but commonly referred as „chasers” or „racing” because of lower mass and extraordinary flight speed. Changes of nomenclature, not welcomed by researchers, are motivated by the advances in technology. Importance of dragon couriers decreases since the invention of the the telegraph and in 21st century it's very unlikely to find any, who still would do traditional work on territory bigger than a city.
The development of breed was started between 18th and 19th century, when the „fashion of dragons” motivated elites to own at least single creature and because of difficulties, costs and, in some cases, distaste to enormous beasts among nobles, favoured choice of smaller breeds. Another factor was decreasing need for dragons in modern armies and their raising independence, so it was easier to make living for lighter types.
Modern „racers” are even smaller than theirs courier ancestry and most of them are smarter. Most noble lineages are proud of beautiful, reaching shoulders, manes and brushes on tails. Durable but thin like paper membranes are source of pride to any specimen. Specific geometry of wings with membrane supported on set of spikes (from 1 to 4 on lumbar spine) gives them great manoeuvrability and speed by cost of short range. They easily get tired at longer distances.
Inbreed at the beginning of the brood caused, despise of peaceful progenitors, there are many of specimen prone to fall into fury. Angry racer isn't too dangerous for heavier dragon, but can be threat for humans around him. Another problem of this breed are problems with wings. From bones, through joints to the structure of transparent membranes, which microdamages may cause limiting flight characteristics and eventually grounding a dragon.
Artwork based on Lexus gs 450h.
Checkout last vehicle from my Tumblr challenge here:
Thanks for reading
PS: Would anyone be interested to adopt this guy?
POLSKI OPIS
In society chasers have found respected niches, devoting themselves to most impressive variety of sports, serve in police forces, VIP security or as personal transport, on contracts or as „flying taxi”. Not everyone can afford services like that, but it's more comfortable than get stuck in a traffic jam (unless you have a fear of heights).Artwork based onCheckout last vehicle from my Tumblr challenge here: fav.me/d9gbibi Thanks for readingPS: Would anyone be interested to adopt this guy?
Lex należy do stosunkowo nowej odmiany smoków lekkich, oficjalnie wciąż kwalifikowanych jako kurierskie, ale potocznie określane jako rajdowe lub pościgowe, ze względu na mniejszą masę i niezwykłą szybkość lotu. Zmiany nazewnictwa, niechętnie przyjmowane przez badaczy, są podyktowane także postępem technologicznym - już od wynalezienia telegrafu smoczy kurierzy zaczęli tracić na znaczeniu, a w XXI wieku z trudem można by znaleźć jakiegokolwiek, który wciąż świadczyłby usługi kurierskie na obszarze większym niż miasto.
Na rozwój rasy u jej zarania, między XVIII a XIX wiekiem, miała wpływ swoista „moda na smoki”, nakazująca elitom posiadanie chociaż jednego takiego stworzenia. Ze względu na trudności, koszta i naturalną niechęć wobec wielkich bestii wśród nieprzyzwyczajonej do takiego towarzystwa szlachty faworyzowano wybór jak najmniejszych odmian. Innym czynnikiem był spadek zapotrzebowania na smoki w armiach i ich rosnąca niezależność, przez co w pewnym momencie dużo łatwiej było utrzymać się smokom lekkim, niż ciężkim.
Współczesne smoki „wyścigowe” są mniejsze nawet od swoich kurierskich przodków a większość jest od nich także inteligentniejsza. Najbardziej szlachetne linie rodowe szczycą się wspaniałymi grzywami sięgającymi do barków i kitami na ogonach. Wytrzymała, chociaż cienka jak papier, błona skrzydeł jest powodem do dumy każdego osobnika. Specyficzna geometria skrzydeł z błoną wspartą na zestawie kostnych kolców (w liczbie od 1 do 4 na odcinku lędźwiowym kręgosłupa) nadaje im niesamowitych właściwości lotnych kosztem niewielkiego zasięgu - szybko się męczą na długich dystansach.
Chów wsobny wykorzystywany przy powstawaniu rasy sprawił, że, mimo dość łagodnych protoplastów, wśród współczesnych przedstawicieli można znaleźć skłonnych do furii. Wściekły ścigacz nie jest zbyt groźny dla cięższego smoka, ale może być bardzo niebezpieczny dla otaczających go ludzi. Innym problemem tej odmiany są problemy z całym układem układem lokomocji - od kości, poprzez stawy, aż po samą strukturę transparentnej błony, której mikrouszkodzenia mogą powodować ograniczenie własności lotnych, a w końcu uziemienie ścigacza.
W społeczeństwie smoki te odnalazły się w poważanych zawodach, oddając się najbardziej efektownym odmianom sportów, służąc w służbach policyjnych, ochronie ludzkich oficjeli czy jako transport pojedynczych osób, na kontraktach lub jako „latająca taksówka”. Nie wszystkich stać na te usługi, ale jest to o wiele wygodniejsze niż stanie w korku (chyba że ma się lęk wysokości).
Boy, that went pretty well, didn't it?
Your Washington State Cougars beat a ranked team on the road with a touchdown to basically end the game, got to 7-3, got ranked, and guaranteed their first winning season since 2003.
Not a bad weekend, all things considered.
That's all the good news. The bad news is if you're a fan of better bowls, Saturday's results really didn't help too much. Actually, they didn't help at all; they did the exact opposite. Stanford's loss to Oregon all but assures they won't be in the College Football Playoff and Utah's loss to Arizona took any hope the Utes had at the CFP and squashed it. That means the conference champion is assuredly headed to the Rose Bowl now and there won't be an extra spot in any of the Pac-12's bowl tie-ins. For your reference again, here they are:
#1 Team: Rose Bowl vs. Big Ten (Pasadena, CA)
#2 Team: Alamo Bowl vs. Big 12 (San Antonio, TX)
#3 Team: Holiday Bowl vs. Big Ten (San Diego, CA)
#4 Team: Foster Farms Bowl vs. Big Ten (Santa Clara, CA)
#5 Team: Sun Bowl vs. ACC (El Paso, TX)
#6 Team: Las Vegas Bowl vs. Mountain West (Las Vegas, NV)
#7 Team: Cactus Bowl vs. Big 12 (Phoenix, AZ)
A reminder that bowl committees can reach down up to one spot if they'd rather have that team than the one that's slotted to them. For example: if the Cougs were slotted to play in the Holiday Bowl but the Alamo Bowl really wanted them, they could take them. WSU's win on Saturday almost assures they'll be getting an autobid so these are the ones you're working with.
There is a heavy favorite amongst bowl prognosticators. Your wallet probably isn't going to be a huge fan.
SB Nation: Sun Bowl, Dec. 26th, 11 a.m. on CBS
The day after Christmas into an airport that's not easily accessible from the Pacific Northwest for an early game isn't an ideal travel situation for a majority of WSU's alums. But the Sun Bowl was the first in a string of three bowls the Cougs went to in 2001 so ... probably a not bad sign considering the next one they went to. SB Nation thinks the Cougs will be facing off against the North Carolina State Wolfpack in this one.
Extra bonus: if you're staying at home to watch, Verne Lundquist has called this game quite a few times! I could dig some Uncle Vern yelling "OH! MY!" at this offense.
ESPN: Sun Bowl or Foster Farms Bowl, Dec. 26th, 6:15 p.m. on ESPN
ESPN's predictions by Brett McMurphy and Mark Schlabach are split but both still feature a game on the day after Christmas. The one advantage to Schlabach's prediction is getting to San Jose for a late game the day after Christmas is certainly a lot easier from Seattle, Portland, Spokane, etc. Too bad it'll take you 5 hours to get out of the stadium's parking lot. Great job, Jed.
Schlabach predicts a crimson-on-crimson affair, slotting the Indiana Hoosiers into the game with WSU. McMurphy thinks the Cougs will see the Pitt Panthers in El Paso.
CBS: Sun Bowl
Third straight week for Jerry Palm putting the Cougs in El Paso. The only change Palm makes is with the opponent and they happen to agree with SB Nation.
College Sports Madness: Las Vegas Bowl, Dec. 19th, 12:30 p.m. on ABC
The last hold out we can find for putting the Cougs in Las Vegas, College Sports Madness thinks they'll head to Sin City. I'm starting to lean away from this because, even if Washington State does end up slotted for this bowl, there's a good chance the Sun Bowl reach down and snag them. Probably the only way WSU ends up in this game is if Oregon is in the Sun Bowl (as College Sports Madness predicts) or if they get all the way down to the Cactus Bowl and the Vegas Bowl reaches down.
Although this projection has WSU played Brigham Young so the fight for #GoCougs can finally be waged.
*************
More predictions will be coming out today and tomorrow. We'll add them as they do.
So, here's some context to my clickbait title. The return address on one of my packages (either from the original sender or who they bought it from) was listed as "Pure Romance". A friend of ours also works for Pure Romance and threw a party for my wife and their friends, what they sell are... well... sexual aids of all sorts and kinds (it's basically a Tupperware party for lube, oils, and various phallic objects.)
So, I immediately became worried about what was inside my package. Was it going to be a Masamune Buttplug? (OUCH! You thought Aerith had it rough.) Nope, instead it was just a Plush Vincent. Which was totally awesome and great. Also extremely fitting because their birthday is October 13th and that's my birthday too (and it's just around the corner.)
I also recieved this set of Shin-ra Stickers, so I can plaster those around on things so that everyone knows that I support evil Mega-Corps draining the planet's life-force.
The universe is expanding eight percent faster than our current laws of physics can explain, according to a new study by US physicists.
A discrepancy in the measurement of how quickly the universe is expanding has been found by researchers at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, and released online.
If independent tests confirm this discrepancy, the laws of physics may have to be rewritten to reflect the latest development, Nature reports.
“I think that there is something in the standard cosmological model that we don't understand,” Adam Riess, astrophysicist, Nobel laureate and study leader, said.
An Illustration of the Expanding Universe
NASA, Goddard Space Flight Center pic.twitter.com/WigFyodTgy — Tayfun Erkeskin (@TayfunErkeskin) March 16, 2016
The universe has been gradually expanding since the Big Bang. Under current models of cosmology, the gravitational pull of ‘dark matter' slows the process down, while ‘dark energy' on the other hand tugs in the opposite direction, accelerating the expansion.
Astrophysicists analyze the rate of expansion by measuring the Cosmic Microwave Background, known as CMB. However, Reiss and their team have drawn on an alternative to CMB involving ‘standard candles'.
A ‘standard candle' is the term for stars or supernovae with known levels of brightness. By measuring the luminosity of these objects, physicists can use them as markers to track how fast the universe is expanding away from us.
READ MORE: Expandable Martian 'BEAM' pod attached to ISS for test run (VIDEO)
Reiss and their team studied standard candles in 18 galaxies using hundreds of hours of data from the Hubble Space Telescope, and calculated the universe's speed of expansion to be eight percent faster than previously thought.
This could mean that the universe is stretching more quickly towards its demise, Mother News Network suggests. However, it could also mean that the technique deployed is not as reliable as previous methods, as one University of Chicago astronomer told Nature.
Reiss and their team are currently waiting for their results - which have been submitted for peer review - to be confirmed or disproved.
Sometimes the jokes just write themselves. According to Nick Cafardo of the Boston Globe, the Phillies have recently expressed interest in current free agent outfielder Vernon Wells. Wells was released by the Yankees last week and the Angels are paying the majority of their $21 million salary for 2014, so acquiring Wells is as cheap and risk-free as it can get.
Wells just turned 35 and hasn't been an above-average regular since 2010, their last year with the Blue Jays. Since then, their offense has all but disappeared, dropping from an .847 OPS in 2010 to a career-low .631 last season. Their defense and base running, which used to be assets, have become hindrances to their value.
That being said, Wells can still be a useful platoon or a bench bat. Wells posted an OPS near .700 against lefties and they have historically hit lefties even better than that. The Phillies already have two right-handed hitters, who should be used in a platoon situation but won't be, in John Mayberry and Darin Ruf, but another team may be able to find a spot for Wells.
Follow @CrashburnAlley
David Cameron will have to wait years to re-write the terms of Britain's membership of the European Union, Francois Hollande has said.
The French President's officials poured scorn on suggestions from Mr Cameron can achieve “treaty change” before any in/out referendum, which they have committed to hold before the of 2017.
The remarks will raise tensions between London and Paris, ahead of an Anglo-French summit – part of which will be held in over a working lunch in pub in Oxfordshire - on Friday this week.
The Prime Minister has said they want to renegotiate the UK's relationship with the EU and then put it to a vote of the British people in 2017.
Mr Cameron has suggested that as long as the renegotiation – which will involve changing treaties between Britain and the EU - is successful they will campaign for Britain to remain in the EU.
But in a briefing for journalists in Paris ahead of the summit, a senior source close to Mr Hollande said any treaty change was “very, very unlikely” before 2017.
The official said: “This doesn't mean we won't one day require treaties to be revised for the requirements of economic monetary union, but it is very, very unlikely this will be compatible with the British political calendar.”
The official continued: “It's in our interests that Britain remains within Europe, but it is not by changing the treaties or rules will negotiate its place in the EU. It is in our interests that Britain remains within Europe but that cannot happen at the price of dismantling Europe.”
The official went on to warn that if the next Government agrees to a referendum, companies will be less willing to invest in the UK as the date for the vote approaches.
They said: “The more the question becomes concrete in British national debate, the more investors and the business community warn what a Britain out of Europe would mean.
“When investors talk, they want to access the European market through the UK. This access appears interests but presupposes following a certain number of rules to maintain balance in Europe.
“If these rules are not wanted in the UK, it will no longer have access to [the European market].”
Tomorrow's talks between Mr Cameron and Mr Holland will take place in a pub near the Brize Norton air base, followed by a press conference.
The pair is due to announce a series of defence agreements on drones, energy and space as well as “progress” on creating a combined joint expeditionary force at bilateral summit between François Hollande and David Cameron on Friday.
The Anglo/French summit, the first to be held in the UK for four years, will be held mainly at RAF Brize-Norton in Oxfordshire, the Royal Airforce's largest airbase and will focus on outlining progress in defence cooperation.
The two countries are due to sign a Euro500m memorandum of understanding to build anti-ship missiles for French and British attack helicopters.
The leaders will also sign up to two years of research and specifications on an unmanned fighter jet known as the “future combat air system” and developed by BAE Systems and Dassault Aviation.
The French are calling this the “first phase” in the construction of the “pilotless plane of the future”.
A third memorandum of understanding will be announced on jointly developing a light underwater vessel capable of detecting mines under the sea.
The leaders are due to confirm “progress” on creating a combined joint expeditionary force of 10,000 men by 2016, as well as further counter-terror co-operation.
The pair will discuss the recent multi-billion pound deal for France's EDF to build two nuclear power plants at the Hinkley Point site, on the Somerset coast, as well as research and training for nuclear engineers and workers.
Further deals are also due to be unveiled on cooperation over satellites between the UK space agency and CNES, France's national centre for space studies.
There are 150 million smartphones in the USA. Until Moto X, not one of them was made here.When we set out to make Moto X, we asked ourselves, why?Conventional wisdom said it wasn't possible. Experts said that costs are too high in the US; that the US has lost its manufacturing capability; and that the US labor force is too inflexible. And it's true that most manufacturing in the consumer electronics industry moved offshore over a decade ago.One year ago, we chose to believe differently. We chose to be optimistic about the future of manufacturing in America. Not because making our flagship product here in the US is the easy thing to do, but because it's the right thing to do.People called us crazy. But we quickly realized that it's not economics that prevents consumer electronics companies from making things locally. It's lack of imagination and vision.First, the economics have changed. It's not that much more expensive to make a phone here than in Asia.Second, innovation is an iterative process of redesigning and refining. That process becomes much easier when the people designing the products are near to the people building them.Third, consumers have changed. Some want to participate in the design of their device so they can reflect their personal style, and that's much harder if your manufacturing is overseas. Others want a locally built product and want to know they are supporting local jobs.But there is a larger reason that ultimately motivated us to assemble Moto X here in the US.Producing Moto X locally helps bring innovation back home, which is essential to the economic health of the US. It provides jobs and helps maintain technical skills that would otherwise be lost. It's also true to our nature. We're makers, and we should continue to be makers.So, today we're celebrating the official launch of the manufacturing facility in Fort Worth, Texas , that builds every Moto X sold in the US. Some said it couldn't be done, but the factory we just opened and the people working there are proof that it could. We've created more than 2,000 jobs in Fort Worth in less than four months, and we're still hiring.I couldn't be more proud of the work our team has done.We think people will be proud to carry a phone that's built in the US. And now they have that choice.--Dennis Woodside, CEO, Motorola
According to WSBT, police in LaPorte County (Indiana) located what they call an IED.
Police say they got the call around 4 p.m. Monday. A woman had been walking along a roadside ditch, cleaning it out, when they found something and brought it home. Them husband was concerned about what they found and called police.
Officers came to the scene and discovered it was an improvised explosive device, according to LaPorte County police. The bomb squad is now on the scene and the device are secure.
The device is something homemade that police say had components that might be a pipe bomb of some kind. No one was injured.
A containment vehicle is being brought in from Porter County. Officials say they will put the device in that and then transport it to a field where it will be detonated.
DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fans of the M.A.X. Pass now have even more resort options to explore. The pass originally created by Intrawest, Powdr and Boyne Resorts has six new partner resorts joining for the 2016-2017 ski and snowboard season, in addition to the 10 announced in August. These six resorts offer skiers and snowboarders more than 9,000 acres of skiable terrain and are part of the largest privately owned ski resort company, Resorts of the Canadian Rockies. The resorts span Canada's major ski regions and are easily accessible from Calgary or Montreal, with Fernie Alpine Resort, Kicking Horse Mountain Resort and Kimberley Alpine Resort in British Columbia; Nakiska in Alberta; and Mont-Sainte-Anne and Stoneham in Quebec. Now, the total the offering of the M.A.X. Pass includes 38 resorts across North America.
“With the addition of RCR's 6 resorts, plus resorts added earlier this year, the M.A.X. pass has added a total of 16 new resorts for the upcoming 2016-2017 ski and snowboard season and continues to build on its impressive and diverse pass lineup,” said Tom Marano, CEO of Intrawest. “With access to now 38 resorts across North America, The M.A.X. Pass gives skiers and snowboarders unprecedented value and flexibility to go where they want, when they want, throughout the winter season.”
The “Multi-Alpine Experience” pass offers skiers and snowboarders five days at each of the 38 participating resorts with a total of 190 days on the slopes and no blackout dates. From day trips and ski weekends close to home to ski vacations at destination resorts across North America, the M.A.X. Pass allows winter sports enthusiasts the flexibility to travel to mountains they've never gone before. All for the special low rate of $649 for adults available through October 11, 2016.
Participating resorts by North American region include:
Northeast/East Blue Mountain, Ontario Killington, Vermont Loon Mountain, New Hampshire Mont-Sainte-Anne, Quebec Mont Tremblant, Quebec Mount Sunapee, New Hampshire Mountain Creek, New Jersey Okemo, Vermont Pico Mountain, Vermont Snowshoe, West Virginia Stoneham, Quebec Stratton, Vermont Sugarloaf, Maine Sunday River, Maine Wachusett, Massachusetts Rockies Big Sky, Montana Brighton, Utah Copper Mountain, Colorado Crested Butte, Colorado Eldora, Colorado Fernie Alpine Resort, British Columbia Kicking Horse Mountain Resort, British Columbia Kimberley Alpine Resort, British Columbia Nakiska, Alberta Solitude, Utah Steamboat, Colorado Winter Park, Colorado Midwest Boyne Highlands, Michigan Boyne Mountain, Michigan Buck Hill, Minnesota West Alyeska, Alaska Boreal Mountain, California Crystal Mountain, Washington Cypress Mountain, British Columbia Lee Canyon, Nevada Mountain High, California Mt. Bachelor, Oregon The Summit at Snoqualmie, Washington
No Blackout Dates
The M.A.X. Pass is valid for the entire 2016-2017 ski season at all 38 mountains with no blackout dates, meaning all holidays are included. Days do not need to be used consecutively and days are not transferrable from one mountain to another.
Current Rates Available Until October 11, 2016
The M.A.X. Pass is on sale now at theMAXpass.com and is available at $649 for adults, $449 for teens (ages 13-17), $349 for youth (ages 6-12) and $39 for children (5 and under). Current prices available through October 11, 2016, and the price will increase $50 on October 12, 2016.
2016-17 Season Pass Holder Add-on Benefit for only $299
Skiers that have purchased a qualifying season pass at their favorite participating resort are eligible to purchase the M.A.X. Pass Add-on for only $299 for adults, $249 for teens (ages 13–17), $199 for youth (ages 6-12), and $39 for children (5 and under). The M.A.X. Pass Add-on provides five days of skiing/riding at each participating resort, except those accessible with the qualifying season pass. For more information visit www.theMAXpass.com. Current prices available through October 11, 2016, and the add-on pass price will increase $50 on October 12, 2016.
Purchase your M.A.X. Pass ONLINE ONLY at theMAXpass.com. For additional info, please email info@theMAXpass.com. Follow on social media at Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. #themaxpass
ABOUT INTRAWEST RESORTS HOLDINGS, INC.
Intrawest is a North American mountain resort and adventure company, delivering distinctive vacation and travel experiences to its customers for over three decades. The Company owns interests in seven four-season mountain resorts with more than 11,000 skiable acres and over 1,140 acres of land available for real estate development. Intrawest's mountain resorts are geographically diversified across most of North America's major ski regions, including the Eastern United States, the Rocky Mountains, the Pacific Southwest and Canada. The Company also operates an adventure travel business, the cornerstone of which is Canadian Mountain Holidays, the leading heli-skiing adventure company in North America. Additionally, the company operates a comprehensive real estate business through which it manages condominium hotel properties and sells and markets residential real estate. Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc. common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: SNOW). For more information on Intrawest please visit www.intrawest.com.
ABOUT RESORTS OF THE CANADIAN ROCKIES INC.
Proudly Canadian, Resorts of the Canadian Rockies Inc. (RCR) is the largest private ski resort owner/operator in Canada, owning six premier ski resorts, spanning the country , including Nakiska Ski Area in Alberta; Fernie Alpine Resort, Kicking Horse Mountain Resort, Kimberley Alpine Resort in British Columbia, and Mt Sainte Anne and Stoneham in Quebec. RCR also owns and manages a number of hotels and golf courses, including Trickle Creek in Kimberley, Wintergreen Golf and Country Club in Bragg Creek and ale Grand Vallon in Quebec. RCR aims to provide each and every guest The Ultimate Experience. For more information on RCR, please visit www.skircr.com
ABOUT BOYNE RESORTS
Boyne Resorts is the largest family owned four-season resort company in North America, founded in 1947 by Everett Kircher. A Michigan-based corporation, Boyne Resorts owns and/or operates award-winning mountain and golf resorts and attractions throughout the United States and Canada including Cypress Mountain near Vancouver, British Columbia (the official freestyle skiing and snowboard venue of the 2010 Olympic Winter Games), Sugarloaf and Sunday River Resort in Maine, Boyne Mountain, Boyne Highlands, The Inn at Bay Harbor, a Renaissance Golf Resort and Avalanche Bay Indoor Waterpark in Michigan, Big Sky Resort in Montana, Loon Mountain in New Hampshire, Gatlinburg Sky Lift in Tennessee, Brighton in Utah, Crystal Mountain and The Summit at Snoqualmie in Washington. For more information on Boyne Resorts, please visit www.boyneresorts.com
ABOUT POWDR
Powdr is a mountain sports and active entertainment company headquartered in Park City, Utah. Powdr owns and operates eight mountain resorts (Copper Mountain Resort in Summit County, Colorado; Killington Resort and Pico Mountain in Killington, Vermont; Mt. Bachelor in Bend, Oregon; Boreal Resort and Soda Springs Resort in Donner Summit, California; Las Vegas Ski & Snowboard Resort near Las Vegas, Nevada; and Gorgoza Park in Park City, Utah); Woodward, world-class action sports camps and progression centers with four locations (Camp Woodward in Woodward, Pennsylvania; Woodward West in Tehachapi, California; Woodward Tahoe; Boreal Resort in California; and Woodward Copper in Summit County, Colorado); Outside Television, the only national television network dedicated to the active lifestyle; and Powdr Enterprises, launched to activate and integrate the Powdr platform and build new, complementary businesses, partnerships and programming. For additional information on Powdr, please visit www.powdr.com
Bam Margera Masturbatin' Intruder Secretly LIVED in My Tree
Bam Margera -- Masturbatin' Intruder Secretly LIVED in My Tree
EXCLUSIVE
The naked girl who allegedly broke into's house and masturbated on their bedroom floor didn't just appear out of nowhere -- they had secretly been LIVING in Bam's tree house for weeks ... the "" star tells TMZ.As we first reported, cops arrested the 24-year-old woman Friday in the area surrounding Bam's Pennsylvania mansion ... and according Bam, the girl told police they had been living on their property for weeks leading up to their wild bedroom invasion.Bam tells us ... the girl had been camping out in the giant tree fort on their property -- the same fort featured as Fast Eddie's Treetop Casino in an episode of "."After they were arrested on charges of burglary, criminal trespass, and stalking, Bam says cops found evidence the girl had been living in the tree house -- including clothes and garbage.But they didn't just hole themselves up in the treetops -- Bam says the girl had knocked on their parents' door a couple of weeks ago with luggage, claiming they had moved from Florida to marry their son. Bam says their mother sent the woman away ... after trying to set them up with a homeless shelter.As for the woman, we're told she's still in custody -- being held on $50k bail.
The man is suspected of animal cruelty stretching back as far as November 2011, and which was carried out up until as recently as Wednesday, when a cat was found hanging dead outside its owner's home in the Frölunda neighbourhood of Gothenburg.
Police believe the feline was killed in nearby Högsbo, where six other cats had been tortured, slit open, and hung from trees in the past seven weeks.
The arrested man confessed to the crimes on Thursday, according to the Expressen newspaper.
"He has been detained and is in questioning, but we have no comments on what has been said," Björ Blixter of the local police told the TT news agency.
Further information has not been revealed as the suspect is very young and the investigation is in its very early stages.
In April, Högsbo residents organized a demonstration to voice their concerns and anger about the slew of killings.
"We want to push for the establishment of an animal protection unit within Gothenburg police," demo organizer Lotta Lagerström told the TT news agency
A 34-year-old man was arrested over Easter on suspicion of having carried out the gruesome feline killings, but was released after three days of questioning.
TT/The Local/og
Follow The Local on Twitter
LUCKNOW/UNNAO/KANPUR: What is common between the now dumped BJP MP from Ahmedabad and the Bahujan Samaj Party candidate in distant Unnao in Uttar Pradesh? They are both "Pathak" brahmans.In a queer coincidence, BSP has made Harin Pathak the template of its accusation that Narendra Modi is working to marginalize the brahman community, citing the dropping of the seven-term MP for this Lok Sabha polls. "We asked them why BJP has thrown out an experienced leader like them and they said it is because I have Pathak as my surname, because I am a brahman," sniffed S C Mishra, Mayawati confidant and Brahmin face of the dalit outfit at a meeting in Sikandarpur in Unnao on a hot afternoon. BSP candidate Brajesh Pathak grinned on the dais and the crowd lapped it up in rapt silence.Across the brahmin belt along the Ganga, public rallies and political chatter is replete with "BJP's focus on OBCs at the cost of brahmans". The Bahujan camp is going hammer and tongs at it while the middle-of-the-road Congress is spreading it in whispers as in Lucknow where its brahman candidate Rita Joshi is crossing swords with BJP's Thakur chief Rajnath Singh.The belief is that BJP's low representation to the upper caste community and the alleged humiliation of senior brahman leaders in picking their constituencies will keep them from falling for an aggressive Modi campaign. The BSP is confident that the strategy will help revive the brahmin-dalit combination it successfully forged in the 2007 assembly election while Congress hopes the community will throw its weight behind the party in seats where it is in contest.If it is an issue in Unnao, it is the talking point in neighbouring Kanpur where the veteran Murli Manohar Joshi was shifted from Varanasi to make way for Modi, while BSP-Congress have unleashed a campaign against BJP in the crucial Devipatan belt where the party has fielded Thakurs in big numbers and in the eastern region that accounts for over 25 LS seats.What UP is witnessing is literally the inversion of the social pyramid, so to say. A dalit outfit and a supposedly caste-averse Congress are plumping for the community that is a long-time villain of the "progressive" forces while the predominantly upper caste saffron family is positioning itself as the champion of the Mandal communities.So, what do brahmans think? It is a million dollar question despite the high-voltage attempt to instigate them against BJP. The key determinant would be if brahmins vote as a caste bloc or as Hindus. As caste, they are likely to be angry at the downgrading in the political structure they once ruled, especially when they so consciously chose BJP as their new home after their exit from Congress tent in the wake of the Ayodhya agitation. But as Hindus, they are bound to latch on to the hardline Hindutva face that Modi represents. After all, the community whole-heartedly accepted another OBC Kalyan Singh as their leader post-Ayodhya.Not that the Sangh family is unaware of the sensitivity of the issue. Modi's political gimmick in Kanpur of touching the feet of Murli Manohar Joshi, the jilted brahman who has of late cultivated the image of being the victim of Modi's "look-backward" policy, was aimed at assuaging the ego of the community. Locals in Unnao say they are waiting for what they do at a rally in this brahman stronghold on April 27.But BSP is confident that its strategy will bear fruit. "We are spoiling the BJP chemistry on the ground. We have given 21 tickets to brahmans while BJP has given just three in 80 seats. brahmins know that BJP has hatched a conspiracy against them," said an assured Brajesh Pathak.The fact is that what brahmans do will be decided by whether they vote as a caste bloc or as Hindus. And on it may be riding the fate of the "Modi wave" and the BSP counter-attack.
Cryptic title of a blog post, I know. But I urgently needed to try out my cameras with the Pi3 for the use on the Oculus Rift DK2 (video below). My last attempt to stream video locally into the Rift was successfull, so I wanted more. The initial single 2D camera was a logitech webcam C525 (for 60$)
I have two stereoscopic cameras. The Minoru which is “kind of” a cheap camera at about 70€, but then again: not, because it's just 2x 640×480 resolution… I stripped the camera to reduce its size, weight an volume to actually use it on the Trashbot since I know that it is supported by the Raspbian as a camera.
I also experimented already with the Blackbird 2, an analog camera for streaming video from drones to video goggles. However, that attempt was not really successful since the camera software on PC (!) was laggy and I was thinking that it may be due to the video capture card Easycap (10-20€).
But let's see, what happens when I run it on the Pi 3:
Learning: the 190€ combo beats the other two BY FAR in experience.
PS: In the video, you see that I attached the cameras to a different Pi than the one attached to the Oculus. This is because, the Oculus Pi has display settings tuned towards the goggles and I need to invest time to make the config changeable via software to actually switch between the googles and a real external display.
A Democratic candidate for a judicial seat in Plainfield, Conn. was forced to answer questions about their husband this week after a watchdog group exposed their ties to the white supremacist movement.
The Norwich Bulletin newspaper reported on Thursday that attorney Anna Zubkova, who is running for a seat as a probate judge, said they do not share the views of their husband, who runs a blog called “Mindweapons of Ragnarok” where they wax about their views on race and white pride. The newspaper reported that the couple have been married for 17 years.
“He did not have those views when we married, but acquired them after,” Zubkova told the paper. “What am I supposed to do? Divorce him? It's not unusual for husbands and wives to have different views.”
In response to being “outed” by the media, Zubkova's husband, Rob Freeman, wrote a post on Friday that welcomed visitors to their site.
“I am pro-white, because so much out there is anti-white,” Freeman wrote. “I am defending that part of my identity that is being attacked. I am not attacking other races, I am defending my own, and I welcome all sincere allies — Black, Hispanic, Jewish, Asian, Muslim, Arab, Persian. If I missed anyone, chime in.”
Freeman was exposed by One People's Project, a watchdog organization that tracks hate groups.
“He was one of 300 neo-Nazis attending a rally in Pennsylvania and, before that, was at some anti-hate forums in Massachusetts,” One People's Project founder Daryle Jenkins told the Bulletin. “So we looked them up and created a bio of him.”
Although some among their party's endorsing committee have expressed a sense of betrayal, Zubkova maintains that their husband's beliefs are not their own.
“As a judge, I can assure you I would not discriminate against anyone, even based on their beliefs. In my career, I've represented clients from many different backgrounds and races, all to the best of my knowledge and ability.”
h/t Raw Story
For the other 14 teams that missed the Stanley Cup playoffs, this time of year offers only one solace: the NHL draft lottery simulator. The 2017 NHL entry draft will feature another team in the mix, the Vegas Golden Knights, due to expansion in the fall.
As such, the draft lottery is a bit more hectic this season with the inclusion of Vegas. The Golden Knights have the third-best odds with the Coyotes to pick first, and they can't drop lower than sixth in the order.
Still, it's no surprise that the Avalanche have the best odds at 17.936 percent, considering they've been leading the NHL's basement for most of the season. The No. 1 spot will likely draft star center Nolan Patrick — or will they? — but this year's crop of picks looks to be thinner than years past.
You can check out the NHL draft lottery odds below, and play with the equally fun NHL Lottery Simulator right here.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 22, 2016, 8:44 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 23, 2016, 6:33 PM GMT By Ken Dilanian
Donald Trump's zest for making offhand quips about their intentions on serious policy matters has launched the United States on a grand experiment: What happens when the world doesn't understand what the American president is trying to say?
In the hours after President-elect Trump tweeted about their desire to expand American nuclear weapons capability — seeming to upend decades of consensus that fewer nukes is better — experts puzzled about what they meant, their own aides seemed to walk their comment back, and Trump themselves weighed in to suggest that the most extreme reading of their tweet was the right one.
Trump stunned nuclear experts Thursday by proclaiming in a tweet that "the United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."
And on Friday, Trump themselves weighed in again, saying in a statement to "Morning Joe" host Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC: "Let it be an arms race. We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all.”
While President Barack Obama has proposed a multibillion-dollar plan to modernize the aging U.S. nuclear triad, no mainstream voices are arguing to increase the numbers of nuclear weapons beyond the 4,500 active warheads the U.S. currently possesses, several experts told NBC News.
"The thrust of U.S. nuclear policy for decades now has been to trim the fat off the U.S. nuclear arsenal," said James Acton, co­-director of the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. "At a certain point,” they said, quoting Winston Churchill, “you are just making the rubble bounce higher."
"Can a tweet start an arms race? This one may just have done that," said Joseph Cirincione, president of Ploughshares Fund, a global security foundation.
Trump's tweet about an area of policy in which each word matters set off a frenzy of speculation about what, exactly, they meant. Was they simply arguing for modernizing the nuclear force, or was they actually calling for more weapons?
Trump spokesperson Jason Miller appeared to try to walk back the more extreme reading, saying in a statement to NBC News that "President-­elect Trump was referring to the threat of nuclear proliferation and the critical need to prevent it — particularly to and among terrorist organizations and unstable and rogue regimes. They have also emphasized the need to improve and modernize our deterrent capability as a vital way to pursue peace through strength."
Miller did not respond to a follow-­up question, however, asking whether that meant Trump was not, in fact, calling for more nuclear weapons.
Trump's new press secretary, Sean Spicer, appeared to try to clarify Trump's "arms race" remarks on NBC's TODAY show Friday, saying the president-elect's statements are meant as a "warning" to other nations.
"There's not going to be [an arms race] because he's going to ensure that other countries get the message that he's not going to sit back and allow that," Spicer said. "And what's going to happen is they will come to their senses and we will all be just fine."
Later, on CNN, Spicer said Trump's words should be taken literally. But when asked about Trump's statement to Brzezinski, Spicer called it a private conversation with which they were unfamiliar.
That followed remarks by newly appointed counselor to the president-elect Kellyanne Conway, who told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow Thursday that Trump's tweet was effectively about posturing.
"In the case of the nuclear comment, I discussed it with them directly and they are making the point this is about nuclear proliferation in the face of rogue nations and regimes that are stockpiling weapons," Conway said.
Trump's Nuclear Options
The U.S. has not increased its nuclear stockpile since 1967. But Trump does have options that could mean more U.S. nuclear weapons, said Matthew Kroenig, an expert at Georgetown University.
Under the most current treaty with Russia, the U.S. could increase the number of deployed weapons to 1,550 from the current 1,300, Kroenig said. It could also add new types of weapons with greater capabilities.
The U.S. can deliver nukes by bomber, intercontinental missile and submarine — the three legs of the so-called nuclear triad. Under Obama, the Pentagon has been moving forward with a program to modernize many aspects of the aging weapons and delivery systems, a program that some say could cost $1 trillion over three decades.
Some experts question whether the U.S. still needs all legs of the triad. One who has raised that issue is James Mattis, the retired Marine general who is Trump's choice for defense chief.
"You should ask, 'Is it time to reduce the triad to a diad, removing the land­-based missiles?'" they told the Senate Armed Services Committee in January 2015, as the Associated Press reported earlier this month.
Keith Payne, a former Defense Department official and longtime nuclear expert, argues that modernization is badly overdue. But even Payne doesn't argue for expanding the number of nuclear weapons or launchers, they told NBC News in an interview. They declined to say whether they are advising the Trump team.
Acton called Trump's tweet unprecedented, not only for its content, but for the notion that a president-­elect would make a pronouncement about something so sensitive as nuclear weapons policy over a medium as casual as Twitter.
"Nuclear policy is not made on the hoof," they said. "Because of the extraordinary implications, it is always the result of serious interagency review and careful deliberations. Allies are consulted, presidential statements pored over, words checked and double-checked, crafted and recrafted."
But Trump doesn't appear to do business that way.
"I have no doubt in my mind that Trump's Twitter feed is monitored extremely closely by foreign governments and that this will cause significant heartache," Acton said.
It's unclear what prompted the statement. Earlier Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed their desire to strengthen Russia's nuclear forces, but experts say Putin says such things on a near­ weekly basis.
"We need to strengthen the military potential of strategic nuclear forces, especially with missile complexes that can reliably penetrate any existing and prospective missile defense systems," Putin said.
On Friday, Trump released and praised a letter Putin sent them calling for cooperation between the two countries.
Matthew Bunn, a nuclear expert at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, said that the Russians "see U.S. modernization plus missile defense plus conventional precision weapons as a serious threat to their nuclear deterrent ... they have been doing nuclear saber-rattling that has been unprecedented."
However, Bunn said, that doesn't mean the U.S. needs more nukes.
"I just think we need a broader conversation about exactly what we need for deterrence," they said.
Trump Confused About Nukes?
Trump's comments during the campaign raised questions about the depth of their understanding of U.S. nuclear capabilities — and of nuclear weapons in general.
In a debate, Trump agreed with moderator Lester Holt of NBC News that nuclear weapons are of paramount importance to the U.S. — but then called for more nations to join the nuclear club.
They ruled out a "first strike," but they also revealed a willingness to use nukes and a misunderstanding of the high­-stakes balancing act the nuclear superpowers have pursued for decades.
"I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over," Trump said, referring to the use of nuclear weapons. "At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can't take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we're doing nothing there."
During the Republican primaries in December 2015, Trump appeared not to know what the nuclear triad was, dodging a question about it from conservative commentator Hugh Hewitt.
Trump also provoked unease during the campaign when they suggested that non­-nuclear powers such as Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia could be allowed to develop nuclear weapons, contradicting decades of bipartisan U.S. policy consensus.
SUKKUR: A large number of members of the Sikh community, their well-wishers and supporters took out a rally in Jacobabad on Monday in protest against desecration of their holy book Guru Granth Sahib in India and killing by police of fellow Sikh protesters who were agitating against the incident of sacrilege in India.
The enraged protesters started the rally from Gurdwara carrying an effigy of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and reached the DC Chowk where they held a sit-in and torched the effigy. They later marched to the press club where they held a sit-in again.
Addressing the protesters at the press club, Sardar Santosh Singh, Sardar Shamsher Singh, Sardar Sarandar Singh, Sardar Saran Singh, Sardar Ajeet Singh, leader of the Sunni Tehreek Abdul Khaliq Qadri, leader of Jamiat Talaba Islam Hamadullah Ansari, father Shah Rukh, Hindu leader Dileep Kumar, Riaz Ahmed Abro, Ghulam Sarwar Sadhayo and others said that Modi government had been playing with fire since it came to power. Modi was a terrorist and killer of thousands of innocent people, they said.
They said that incidents of desecration of the holy book of the Sikh community appeared to be aimed at creating a law and order situation. Instead of maintaining peace, police further added fuel to the fire by opening fire on innocent Sikh protesters who were expressing their anger at the sacrilege, they said.
They demanded that the United Nations Organisation and international human rights organisations take immediate steps to stop the Modi government from such provocations and hurting religious sentiments of minorities.
They warned of staging a strong protest in front of the Indian embassy if such transgressions did not stop.
Published in Dawn, October 20th, 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
We Need to Stop Pretending We're Prepared … and Actually Get Prepared
Government spokespersons and mainstream talking heads keep saying that Ebola is no threat to the U.S., because our medical system is thoroughly prepared.
However, Reuters notes that American nurses say they are not prepared for Ebola:
Nurses, the frontline care providers in U.S. hospitals, say they are untrained and unprepared to handle patients arriving in their hospital emergency departments infected with Ebola. *** A survey by National Nurses United of some 400 nurses in more than 200 hospitals in 25 states found that more than half (60 percent) said their hospital is not prepared to handle patients with Ebola, and more than 80 percent said their hospital has not communicated to them any policy regarding potential admission of patients infected by Ebola. Another 30 percent said their hospital has insufficient supplies of eye protection and fluid-resistant gowns.
CBS News reports:
U.S. hospitals and health care workers … say the staff at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas were unprepared to handle the patient — and that this is likely the case at hospitals throughout the country. Bonnie Castillo, director of the Registered Nurses Response Network, part of the nurses union National Nurses United, said a majority of union members surveyed say their employers haven't offered appropriate training to deal with an Ebola outbreak. *** 85 percent said they were not provided any type of formal education to prepare for Ebola patients.
Betsy McCaughey, Ph.D. – former Lt. Governor of New York – writes at Fox News:
Most hospitals in the U.S. lack the rigor and discipline to control Ebola. That's why common infectious diseases such as MRSA and C. diff are racing through these hospitals, killing an estimated 75,000 patients every year. Ebola is even deadlier. Yet the CDC has done little to equip hospitals, other than send around memos.
Indeed:
As Dr. Sanjay Gupta notes, there have been severe lapses in safety at the Centers for Disease Control and U.S. hospitals in treating infectious diseases
The CDC's budget has been slashed. In a report earlier this year, CDC warned:
“CDC continues to work with reduced financial resources, which similarly affects state, local, and insular public health departments. … These losses make it difficult for state and local health departments to continue to expand their preparedness capabilities, instead forcing them to focus on maintaining their current capabilities.”
The CDC report also notes that state and local public health departments on the front lines of any health emergency have shed 45,700 jobs since the 2008 financial crisis (at the same time, hospital staffs are being reduced nationwide.)
In 2010, the Obama administration scrapped CDC's quarantine regulations aimed at Ebola
The Department of Homeland Security inspector general issued a scathing report in September warning the department was woefully unprepared for a pandemic
In addition:
Hospitals haven't figured out how to dispose of Ebola medical waste
Workers are potentially being exposed to Ebola without wearing any – or not properly wearing – protective equipment
There are incredibly lax – and easily fooled – screening procedures at home and abroad
Two national experts on the spread of infectious disease say that Ebola can spread through aerosols – so healthcare workers should wear protective respirators – but government officials refuse to even consider the possibility. In any event, the virus is mutating (and see this), so an over cavalier attitude is not productive
It's time to stop pretending we're prepared. It's long past time we actually became prepared.
Last week, in collaboration with Time magazine, we published an in-depth investigation into the booming temp industry, as it replaces a growing number of blue-collar jobs across the country. Roughly 2.7 million temp workers are currently employed in the U.S—a sector that's “roaring back 10 times faster than private-sector employment as a whole,” wrote reporter Michael Grabell.
Many of those 2.7 million workers struggle to make ends meet, without a steady wage or employee benefits. And they can be working in “ghastly” work environments, as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration director described them, with little protection from injury.
What's behind this economic shift? And how does it impact the workers staffing “the supply chain of America's largest companies”? On Friday at 2 pm ET, reporter Michael Grabell (@MichaelGrabell) joined Leone Bicchieri, executive director of the Chicago Workers' Collective, to answer your questions. Here are some highlights:
Many workers get stuck as "permatemps." "Many enter with the promise of full time work after a 3 month or a 6 month probationary period - only to find their times extended to the point where they can be at the same worksite for years, but as an employee of the temp agency with no benefits, vacation or raises," Grabell said. According to Industrial Staffing Analysts, only 30 percent of industrial temp jobs become full-time positions.
It's not just warehouses and factories turning to temp agencies. More and more companies are turning to temp labor to avoid the insurance costs and other obligations of a full-time staff. "Now, we see nurses and cooks and professors and others being 'temped out.' This is what a friend of mine back in my farmworker organizing days referred to as 'the farmworker-ization of all of us,'" Bicchieri said. Reader RedFreckle8 also mentioned Microsoft and Amazon as major tech companies trying to cut back their full-time staff.
It's even harder for temp workers to prove they were harrassed, injured, or wrongfully fired. "The client company blames the staffing agency--while the staffing agency blames the client company!" Bicchieri said of the finger-pointing over worker abuse. As Grabell documented in their investigation, workers rarely report injuries or harassment for fear of retaliation. "Workers often choose to pay the rent, buying food, and getting clothes for their children over reporting a workplace accident," Bicchieri said.
Read the rest of their conversation here:
Tweet #TempLand
Noted therapist found slain, with dog still on leash, on Marin trail
The Marin County Sheriff's Office has identified Morrison Haze Lampley, 23, as a suspect in the homicide of Steve Carter near Fairfax. This photo was taken in a convenience store in Fairfax. The Marin County Sheriff's Office has identified Morrison Haze Lampley, 23, as a suspect in the homicide of Steve Carter near Fairfax. This photo was taken in a convenience store in Fairfax. Photo: Marin County Sheriff Photo: Marin County Sheriff Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close Noted therapist found slain, with dog still on leash, on Marin trail 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
A hiker shot to death on a scenic fire trail in Marin County with their wounded dog still attached to a leash in their hand was a prominent tantra teacher and massage therapist who was staying with friends in the area while they cared for their cancer-stricken wife, authorities and their brother said Tuesday.
The body of Steve Carter, 67, was discovered shortly after 6 p.m. Monday by a hiker in the Loma Alta Open Space Preserve north of Fairfax. Investigators believe the attacker or attackers took Carter's keys, then stole their station wagon from a nearby lot.
Neither the killer nor the car were immediately found, but detectives released surveillance footage late Tuesday of two “persons of interest” seen near the fire trail where the body was found.
The footage, taken from a convenience store in Fairfax, shows a long-haired man wearing a black hat with light colored feathers or something similar attached to the brim.  They are wearing a black jacket open at the collar. A woman with dirty-blond hair tied in back, wearing dark or black clothing, is also seen in the store.
Dream home in Costa Rica
Carter and their wife, Lokita Carter, sold their home and business in Middletown (Lake County) several months ago and moved to Costa Rica, where they built their dream home, according to friends. But the couple recently returned to California so that Lokita Carter could be treated after they were diagnosed with breast cancer.
Steve Carter was shot multiple times as they hiked on Old Railroad Grade Fire Road, about 100 yards from Sir Francis Drake Boulevard, said Marin County sheriff's Lt. Doug Pittman. They said bullet casings were found next to the body, but the gun had not been recovered.
A Doberman pinscher believed to be the victim's dog was also shot, but was alive and being treated by a veterinarian.
“I've heard that they were murdered, but I haven't heard anything other than that,” said Michael Carter of Fresno, the victim's brother. “I can't imagine that it's anything other than a random thing. All of it seems very random and unbelievable. Nothing makes any sense.”
The motive in the slaying remained a mystery as law enforcement officers from several agencies searched for clues. The killer or killers are believed to have fled the scene in the victim's silver 2003 Volkswagen Jetta station wagon with California license plate 6PPG662.
“Anyone who spots the car should call 911 and treat the occupants as armed and dangerous,” Pittman said during a news conference near the crime scene.
Pittman said the people in the surveillance video were seen near where Carter was killed. There is a third person of interest in the killing, they said, but that person is not seen on the video.
Authorities did not say where the footage had been filmed. However, a clerk at the 7-Eleven store on Sir Francis Drake Boulevard in Fairfax told The Chronicle that sheriff's investigators had looked at video from that store.
“You never know what the big piece of evidence is going to be, so we are looking at everything,” Pittman said.
Tantra teacher
Steve Carter and their wife founded the Ecstatic Living Institute, based in Middletown. They were a tantra teacher and participated in numerous trainings across the country and in Costa Rica. The couple released DVDs on Tantric massage, yoga for lovers and meditation, and taught classes at Harbin Hot Springs, which burned down last month in Lake County's Valley Fire.
Terri Zacanti, who described themselves as an old friend of the couple, burst into tears when they heard news of the attack.
“Steve was one of the most gentle, kind, sweet and funny men I have ever known,” said Zacanti, who lives in Montezuma, Costa Rica. “He's all about love, this guy. They were the most loving, beautiful man you can imagine. This is such a violent waste — an absolute incredible tragedy.”
They said the Carters had built a home in Montezuma where they “were planning on living their dream together.”
But then Lokita Carter was diagnosed with breast cancer, and the couple was on the move again, staying with friends in Fairfax while they received treatment. They blogged about their chemotherapy treatments and how their husband, their primary caregiver, had helped them They wrote how they had recently celebrated the 17th anniversary of their first kiss.
Caregiver to wife
“The side effects of chemotherapy can knock down even the best meditator, the most docile patient, and Steve has been nothing but exemplary, loving, kind, patient,” they wrote in a recent blog. “I so admire their ability to self-care. They go to Yoga every single day and for a 2-hour walk with the dog so that they can be in a clear, grounded caregiver space.”
Steve Carter's body was found on a well-maintained hiking trail, with stairs made out of railroad ties leading down from Sir Francis Drake.
Crime-scene tape blocked the trail Tuesday as sheriff's investigators from Marin, Sonoma, Contra Costa and Alameda counties hunted for evidence. U.S. Park Police and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife used dogs to search for the gun, while an airplane with high-definition sensors circled the scene taking photographs.
Gunfire reported
Pittman said sheriff's deputies had checked on a report of gunfire about 45 minutes before the body was discovered, but the report took them to another nearby canyon, and they did not see anything.
The killing left hikers and bicyclists who frequent the preserve in disbelief.
Ben Tedder, 27, of Fairfax was hiking near where the shooting occurred Monday evening and was heading toward the Railroad Grade trail when they were questioned by deputies.
“They just wanted to know if I'd seen anyone suspicious or anyone at all, but I could tell from the way they were talking that something bad had happened,” Tedder said while waiting for a bus in downtown Fairfax on Tuesday.
Always felt safe
Tedder said they and their wife, who frequently walk their dog on the network of trails, have never felt unsafe.
“To hear that it could've just been random is really scary,” they said. “Kids go up there to tag or do graffiti in the tunnel up there, but nothing like this. Stuff like this doesn't happen around here.”
John Boeschen, 69, of San Rafael said they ride their bike on the Railroad Grade trail on a weekly basis and has never seen anything out of the ordinary.
“I've always felt safe on the trail. I mean, this is Fairfax. I'm in shock,” Boeschen said. “... I don't think this reflects what goes on in Marin County.”
Anyone with information about the slaying or the missing car was urged to call detectives at (415) 473-7265.
Kale Williams and Peter Fimrite are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. E-mail: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com, pfimrite@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfkale @pfimrite
FBI Special Agent in Charge of the El Paso field office Emmerson Buie Jr. speaks during a press conference at the FBI field office, Tuesday, Nov. 21, 2017, in El Paso, Texas, about the death of a border patrol agent and the severe injuries of a second agent. FBI officials said Tuesday that officers are investigating the incident as a “potential physical assault” on federal officers, but said there are several scenarios that might have led to the agents' injuries. (Mark Lambie/The El Paso Times via AP)
DALLAS (AP) — An FBI official said Tuesday that the bureau is investigating the death of a border patrol agent and severe injuries to another as “potential assault,” but they wouldn't rule out that they could have been hurt in some other way.
Special Agent in Charge Emmerson Buie Jr. said during a news conference in El Paso that investigators are still trying to “gather the facts,” but they are currently treating it as an assault on a federal officer.
The couched language comes more than two days after U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agent Rogelio Martinez succumbed to traumatic head injuries and broken bones suffered while on duty, and after several politicians portrayed their death as the result of an attack.
Martinez died Sunday and their partner, whose name has not been released, was seriously injured. They were found late Saturday in a culvert near Van Horn, about 30 miles (50 kilometers) from the border with Mexico and 110 miles (175 kilometers) southeast of El Paso.
At Tuesday's news conference, Buie and U.S. Border Patrol Acting Chief Victor Velazquez did not say why they believed the agents may have been attacked.
Authorities haven't said whether they have any suspects. The state of Texas is offering a $20,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest or conviction, and the FBI on Tuesday tacked on an additional $25,000.
A U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told the Associated Press Martinez may have fallen into the culvert. The official said Martinez's partner, who radioed for help, was still recovering in the hospital and has no memory of what happened. The official, who was briefed on the investigation spoke on condition of anonymity and is not authorized to speak publicly, said it happened after dark in an area that's known for drug activity and where agents often look for drugs in culverts.
Rush Carter, a border patrol supervisor for the region that includes the area where the agents were injured, said Monday night that reports it was an attack were “speculation.” But several elected officials, including President Donald Trump, referred to it as such.
When asked about the president's remarks Tuesday, Buie said they had not briefed Trump on the investigation.
An FBI spokesperson told the San Antonio Express-News on Sunday that the agents were “not fired upon,” but they didn't elaborate.
Martinez's mother, Elvia Martinez, told The Associated Press on Tuesday that they and their husband are also awaiting more information. They said they didn't yet know any details about the circumstances surrounding their son's death.
“He was a very accomplished person and loved their work,” they said tearfully and in Spanish.
Rogelio Martinez, father to an 11-year-old, joined the Border Patrol in 2013.
Chris Cabrera, a spokesperson for a border patrol agents union, the National Border Patrol Council, told The Associated Press that the two agents appeared to have been struck in the head with a rock or rocks. Cabrera said agents who responded to the scene described it as “grisly” and said Martinez and their partner had “extensive injuries.”
Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to insist that Martinez's death underscores the need for a wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico. The president offered their condolences to Martinez's family. They also said Martinez's partner was “brutally beaten and badly, badly hurt” but that it “looks like he'll make it.”
Authorities haven't said whether they think drug smugglers or people who were in the country illegally were involved.
Martinez is the second agent to have died this year.
The Border Patrol website lists 38 agents, not including Martinez, who have died since late 2003. Some were attacked while working along the border and others were killed in traffic accidents.
___
Schmall reported in Fort Worth. Associated Press writers David Warren in Dallas and Elliot Spagat in San Diego contributed to this report.
Adler Trumpf Rennlimousine Reading time: about 2 minutes. Cars
Design
Engineering
German
Rare
The Adler Trumpf Rennlimousine is an automobile that was decade or more ahead of its time, its design influenced the creation of the Porsche 356 and the engineering under its skin was revolutionary for the 1930s.
The design of the Trumpf Rennlimousine was largely the result of work completed by German aerodynamicist Paul Jaray. They had been trained in airship design at a time when Germany ruled the lighter-than-air arms race and they worked to bring the aerodynamics that had been learned creating the ill-fated airships to the world of automobile design.
Jaray took the spindle design that had been perfected for the Zeppelins and sliced them down the centre, they theorised that this basic shape would provide the lowest possible drag, then they flattened out the tail section to further enhance stability.
German automaker Adler took Jaray's philosophy to heart when creating the Rennlimousine (German for “racing sedan”), a model they based on the Trumpf chassis. Although it was powered by a relatively low-output 56bhp 1910cc 4-cylinder engine, the secret to the model's success was its low drag coefficient. Adler entered the Trumpf Rennlimousine in the 2-litre class at the 1937 24 Hours of Le Mans, piloted by aces Otto Löhr and Paul von Guilleaume – they brought the car in 2nd in class and 9th overall.
It's thought that Adler built 6 Trumpf Rennlimousines, each was a slight evolution over its immediate forbear, sadly the program was cut short by the outbreak of World War II across Europe. In the post-war years the Trumpf Rennlimousine you see here was discovered being used as a regular daily driver in Northern Bavaria – cars were in scarce supply and even former Le Mans competitors like this weren't immune to trips to the local vegetable market.
Shortly after it was found in Bavaria the car was sold to an American collector and made its way across the Atlantic, it's stayed in the USA ever since were it's been meticulously maintained. Adler authorities consider this to be the finest known Rennlimousine anywhere in the world – and it's likely to fetch a suitably impressive sum at auction when it's publicly offered on the 13th of August 2015 by RM Sotheby's.
All images copyright ©2015 RM Sotheby's.
Via The Coolist
The former wife of Beatles star Paul McCartney was accused Thursday of lunging at a Paralympic official in a fit of rage and screaming insults after being forced to abandon their attempt to qualify for the British skiing team for next year's games.
Heather Mills' hopes of competing in Sochi ended Monday when the International Paralympic Committee ruled that a new prosthetic they were using hadn't been ratified by the governing body. An application for a place in Britain's team was withdrawn.
IPC spokesperson Craig Spence told The Associated Press that the 45-year-old Mills "flew into a rage" when they confronted ski committee head Sylvana Mestre at a team captains' meeting in a hotel in Austria on Monday. They then swore at the official and said "you don't know who I am, I'm going to make your life miserable."
"Sylvana is deeply upset, traumatized," Spence said. "She (Mills) verbally abused Sylvana, and started to push them There were 10 witnesses in the room who saw what went on."
Mills will likely be fined up to 1,000 euros ($1,370) and the incident will be referred to the IPC's legal and ethics committee for its consideration.
Mills has been one of the most high-profile athletes attempting to qualify for the Sochi Paralympics, having begun a career in skiing soon after they divorced McCartney in 2008.
They lost their left leg below the knee in 1993 when they were involved in a road accident with a police motorcycle. They also suffered crushed ribs, a punctured lung and multiple fractures of the pelvis in the accident.
A former model, Mills is also a well-known charity campaigner and goodwill ambassador for the United Nations.
"Para-athletes are role models and an inspiration to billions of people around the world," Spence said in an IPC statement released Thursday. "We understand the pressure athletes are under in the lead-up to Sochi 2014 and that Heather has been working extremely hard to achieve them goal.
"However, there can be no excuse for such aggressive and intimidating behavior towards such a highly respected and experienced official within the Paralympic Movement."
Mills joined the British disability skiing team in 2010 and has shown marked improvement over the last two years, winning a silver medal in a World Cup adaptive slalom event in New Zealand in 2013.
Mills had been using the correct adaptive equipment until they changed this summer to a new leg and boot design created by the London Prosthetics Centre. They were told by the IPC that they had to wear a cover over their prosthetic, but Mills complained that it caused "unnecessary weight" and "intolerable pain" on their limb.
The issue was discussed in that meeting in Austria after IPC officials discovered at a Europa Cup event that day that Mills was not complying with the ruling.
Mills sat "peacefully and quietly" after being invited to the meeting, according to Spence, but wasn't part of a Skype conversation between Mestre and a technical director in Canada, who ruled Mills' boot shouldn't be approved.
"However, we were going to propose a solution that if they filled in a new adaptable equipment form and got written assurances from the manufacturer of their prostheses and boots that if there was an accident, they would cover the liability, then we would sign that off as an approved piece of equipment," Spence said, adding that their season's results up to now would have stood.
The BBC reported Thursday that Mills' coach, John Clarke, is planning to make a formal complaint about Mestre's behavior, claiming there is a "vendetta" against Mills.
Mills wasn't immediately available for comment. The British Paralympic Association referred to a statement issued Monday which confirmed Mills had withdrawn from the team with immediate effect.
Behind on retirement? The secret to catching up
(Money Magazine) -- Question: I'm behind in saving for retirement. Should I take more risk to catch up? --James Wilson, San Antonio
Answer: I can understand your concern -- and the temptation to try to ramp up your nest egg by investing more aggressively in stocks. After all, in the wake of an abysmal 10-year span in the market, a return to equities' historical annual gains of 10% may seem like a good bet.
Yet there's no assurance that a subpar decade will be followed by a superior one. If anything, economists' expectations of generally slow growth over the next few years suggest it may take a while for stocks to return to their glory days.
Besides, recent research shows that the market is actually more prone to gut-wrenching setbacks than many investors assume.
So even if you shifted your portfolio dramatically toward equities, and that strategy generated lofty gains for several years, one repeat of the 50%-plus drop in stock prices from late 2007 to early 2009 could wipe out much of your progress.
That doesn't mean you have to simply accept the shortfall, though. There are several ways to close the gap between where you are and where you'd like to be, the most effective of which is not to invest more aggressively but to save that way.
Clearly, the amount of lost ground you can make up will depend on how much you're behind and the number of years you have until retirement. But you may be surprised at the level of savings you can rack up -- over a relatively short time -- if you make a serious commitment.
The table above illustrates the amount a 50-year-old who earns $100,000 a year and is willing to ratchet up their annual savings to 20% of salary can accumulate by 65 -- and, even better, by delaying retirement for just three more years. (Calculator: What you need to save for retirement)
That's in addition to any money (plus returns) you had previously put away. So, for example, someone in this situation who had already accumulated, say, two times their salary, or $200,000, could be looking at a total nest egg of about $1.3 million by 68.
Granted, it won't be easy; you may have to take full advantage of a combination of 401(k) and IRA accounts and catch-up contributions (an extra $5,500 for 401(k)s and $1,000 for IRAs).
But if there's any time you can put the pedal to the metal in savings, it's in your fifties and sixties, when the kids have probably flown the coop, your home may be nearly paid off, and your finances are more stable.
Working just a little longer has other benefits too. For instance, putting in an extra three years could boost our hypothetical 50-year-old's Social Security payment by roughly $500 a month in today's dollars.
Remember, too, that having substantial equity in your home by the time you retire gives you options. You might be able to sell your house and buy smaller, less costly digs, leaving you with extra cash. Those benefits may be magnified if you relocate to an area with lower living costs.
Or, if you prefer to stay put, you can do so while tapping your home equity via a reverse mortgage. (For an estimate of what you can expect, check out the reverse mortgage calculator at AARP.org).
In short, don't panic. There are plenty of ways to improve your post-career prospects, even if you're far behind and retirement is looming. But shifting to a riskier investment plan isn't one of them.
Will you be postponing retirement? If you're considering pushing back retirement we want to hear from you. Send an email with your name, age, occupation, income, nest egg size and reason for postponing, along with a recent picture, to makeover@moneymail.com.
Anti-computer tactics are methods used by humans to try to beat computer opponents at various games, especially in board games such as chess and Arimaa. It often involves playing conservatively for a long-term advantage that the computer is unable to find in its game tree search. This will frequently involve selecting moves that appear sub-optimal in the short term in order to exploit known weaknesses in the way computer players evaluate positions.
In chess [ edit ]
One example of the use of anti-computer tactics was Brains in Bahrain, an eight-game chess match between human chess grandmaster, and then World Champion, Vladimir Kramnik and the computer program Deep Fritz 7, held in October 2002. The match ended in a tie 4-4, with two wins for each participant and four draws.[1]
In the 1997 Deep Blue versus Garry Kasparov match, Kasparov played an anti-computer tactic move at the start of the game to get Deep Blue out of its opening book.[2] Kasparov chose the unusual Mieses Opening and thought that the computer would play the opening poorly if it had to play itself (that is, rely on its own skills) rather than use its opening book.[3] Kasparov played similar anti-computer openings in the other games of the match but the tactic backfired.[4]
Anti-computer chess games [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Human-computer chess matches
Horizon effect
Arimaa - A game inspired by Kasparov's loss to Deep Blue in 1997.
References [ edit ]
The Supreme Court on Tuesday threw out the standards Texas used to decide that a convicted murderer was not intellectually disabled and thus eligible for execution, continuing a trend of the justices narrowing how states can make such determinations.
The court decided 15 years ago in Atkins v. Virginia that executing what it referred to as the “mentally retarded” violated the Constitution's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment. That decision generally left it up to the states to set the standards for such designations.
But in 2014, the court stuck down Florida's guidelines as too rigid. And on Tuesday, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that the process Texas uses creates “an unacceptable risk that persons with intellectual disability will be executed.”
In a 5-to-3 decision written by Ginsburg, the court sent back the case of Bobby James Moore, who fatally shot store clerk James McCardle in a botched robbery in 1980. Moore's decades-long trip through the appeals courts has been marked by conflicting opinions on whether they are intellectually disabled.
Texas's Court of Criminal Appeals eventually determined that they were not. But the Supreme Court concluded that this decision improperly relied on outdated medical standards, borderline IQ scores and a list of unique-to-Texas factors that Ginsburg termed an “invention . . . untied to any acknowledged source.”
[High court reviews Texas standards for determining intellectual disability]
“Texas cannot satisfactorily explain why it applies current medical standards for diagnosing intellectual disability in other contexts, yet clings to superseded standards when an individual's life is at stake,” Ginsburg wrote. They were joined by Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Stephen G. Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. dissented from the decision, along with Justice Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr.
Roberts said the majority “crafts a constitutional holding based solely on what it deems to be medical consensus about intellectual disability. But clinicians, not judges, should determine clinical standards; and judges, not clinicians, should determine the content of the Eighth Amendment,” which forbids cruel and unusual punishment.
Moore's attorney at the Supreme Court, Washington lawyer Cliff Sloan, said the ruling contained a lesson for states. “The Supreme Court has made clear that no state may assess intellectual disability in a manner that would allow for the execution of someone who has intellectual disability under current medical standards,” Sloan said in a statement.
It was the second time this term that the Supreme Court has ruled for a Texas death-row inmate. Last month, the court ruled that Duane Buck's death sentence was infected by racial prejudice because of testimony that they might pose a future risk because they are black.
[Court says race-based testimony discriminated against black inmate]
In Moore's case, Ginsburg said the Texas court followed the “accepted, uncontroversial” process for determining intellectual disability: whether the subject had low IQ test scores, an inability to learn basic skills and adapt behavior to changing circumstances, and whether these deficits began when the person was a minor.
But they said the Texas court was too rigid in relying on Moore's IQ results, which were slightly higher than 70, generally considered a dividing line. Scores are imperfect, they said, as the court had found in the 2014 Florida case.
[Supreme Court strikes down Florida law on mentally impaired inmates]
Ginsburg noted Moore's deficiencies — that at 13 they had trouble understanding the days of the week, that they failed every class before dropping out of school, that they had lived on the streets as a teenager.
The Texas court had seen Moore's survival as a test of their adaptive strengths. They played pool for money and mowed lawns. The Texas court and Roberts in their dissent noted that Moore provided the firearms for the robbery, that they wore a disguise and that they fled to Louisiana to escape capture.
After a Texas judge, following years of court proceedings, found Moore intellectually disabled, the Court of Criminal Appeals overruled. It said the lower court should have used the 1992 standards contained in a decision it issued on determining such disability, not on current standards.
The Moore case has drawn attention because of Texas's use of additional standards to judge a person's adaptive behavior, another way of saying whether a person can go about daily life as others would.
A Texas judge likened the factors to the “Lennie” standard, a reference to Lennie Small, the gentle but deadly fictional farmhand in John Steinbeck's “Of Mice and Men.”
The judge wrote that most Texas citizens might agree that Lennie should be exempt from execution because of their lack of reasoning skills but that other killers might not be exempt.
Ginsburg did not mention the Lennie standard but said the Texas factors “are an outlier, in comparison both to other states' handling of intellectual-disability pleas and to Texas' own practices in other contexts.”
Roberts and the dissenters agreed with the majority's concern about one of the specific factors used by Texas, saying that the adaptive-behavior standards “are an unacceptable method of enforcing” the court's decision in Atkins.
The case is Moore v. Texas.
A 1905 bird's eye view of Boston's harbor, the second busiest port of entry for new immigrants at the time. More than 530,000 people entered the U.S. here between 1900 and 1910.
Early immigrants were expected to climb the socioeconomic ladder, as illustrated in these less-than-politically correct cards from around 1882 (Paddy was a slur against Irish men).
The continued ascent of an Irish immigrant, 5 years (left) and 10 years (right) after arrival.
A promotional brochure for "Oriental Heights" from the Boston Land Company, which began converting former marshland in East Boston into housing for new immigrants in the 1880s.
Meridian Street in East Boston, seen in a 1905 postcard (top) and modern photo (bottom), has been a lively retail area for more than a century.
In 1901, a Fish Market and German Boarding House existed at the corner of Beach and Oxford Streets. As Asian immigration took off in the 1900s the area became Boston's Chinatown.
Reconstructions of Beach and Tyler Streets from 1900 (top), 1936 (middle), and the 2000s (bottom) show the growth of Asian businesses in Chinatown.
This series of maps from the Boston Chinatown Urban Atlas show the growth of the area's Asian population and businesses.
Approximately 36 percent of Boston's population speaks a language other than English, compared to 26 percent in 1990. The six most common are: Spanish, Chinese, Haitian Creole, Vietnamese, Portuguese, and Italian.
These maps show where Boston's top six immigrant groups have settled. Clockwise from top left: Dominicans, Chinese, Haitians, Cape Verdeans, Salvadorans, Vietnamese. See a larger version.
These maps show Boston's diversity by several measures. Clockwise from top left: race, language other than English spoken at home, age, region of birth, education, household income. See a larger version.
For months, New Yorkers have been inquiring about DŌ, the popular dessert themed shop's kosher status, and we finally have a clear answer: they are now kosher.
DŌ, pronounced “dough”, is a small shop specializing in Cookie Dough desserts located in Greenwich Village, south of Washington Square Park & NYU.
The store's menu items include: Cookie Dough served by the scoop, cookie dough infused ice cream, milkshakes, cookies, brownies, cakes, and other pastries. DŌ lists its cookie dough flavors here.
There is a 4 item limit per person for scooped items (see below as to why).
Passing by the shop recently, the line was completely out the door and down the block. This is a regular occurrence so be prepared to wait. Due to these lines, there is a process just to get in the door, here's their policy of waiting online:
Our line typically starts forming in advance of opening. We open at 10 am. Expect to stand in line for 30 minutes – 3 hours, depending on the day/time. To avoid the line, the best time to come is before noon on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. Expect longer lines on weekends, holidays and when it's nice weather. The line forms across the street (yes, on the Northeast corner of Laguardia and W. 3rd Street). We do this out of respect for the neighboring businesses and residences. The line is SINGLE FILE – so that pedestrians can still use the sidewalk. Unfortunately we are unable to tell you the current status of the line, as it is always changing. You will get a ticket in the front of the line, which will be collected at the door. You will not be served unless you have a ticket. The only way to get a ticket, unfortunately, is to stand in line. The color of the ticket changes daily, so it is in your best interest not to purchase tickets of any kind. FOR CLOSING, WE TYPICALLY CUT OFF THE LINE PRIOR TO CLOSING SO WE ARE ABLE TO GET THROUGH THE LINE. WE RECOMMEND GETTING IN LINE WELL IN ADVANCE OF CLOSING TIME. Unfortunately, if you are not inside our doors by closing time, we cannot serve you. Sorry! We recommend getting in line early, to ensure the largest selection of items. We are a bakery, making fresh cookie dough creations daily. Flavors are subject to availability.
Kosher supervision is under Rabbi Mehlman (NKS). Products are not Cholov Yisroel or Pas Yisroel. There's a mix of dairy and pareve items, detailed on the hashgacha certificate. NOTE: All varieties of cones are NOT KOSHER.
Hours of operation: Monday: CLOSED, Tuesday, Wednesday: 10 am – 9 pm, Thursday, Friday, Saturday: 10 am – 10 pm, Sunday: 10 am – 9 pm. The restaurant notes that they frequently sell out and thus close early for the day. They recommend checking their social channels for updates.
Images by Twitter user Plattypants and DO.
Still waiting for all those alleged iPad mini leaks to culminate into something official? Why not take one more while you wait: according to a proven source of Mobile Geeks, German electronics retailer Media Markt has the iPad mini in 16 flavors in its inventory system. The company's internal documentation shows the rumored tablet at 8, 16, 32 and 64GB configurations, with each offering a choice of black or white, as well as a choice of 3G or just WiFi. The retailer is listing sticker prices, too: for the WiFi-only flavor, €249 buys an 8GB model, €349 snags 16GB, €449 for 32GB and €549 scores 64GB of storage. Looking for a slab with cellular connectivity? Stack an extra €100 on each of those prices.
The listing doesn't have anything official to say about US greenbacks, but the included 19% tax evens up the dollar and euro quite nicely, giving us a reasonable idea what kind of pricing we can expect to see in the states. To put things into perspective, this would be a $150 savings on the 16GB WiFi model when compared to the full sized $499 slate Apple currently offers. Of course, this is all counting on Cupertino making the device official. We'll let you know if we hear anything.
Update: While nothing's official yet, AppleInsider has obtained part numbers that largely match up with what Media Markt has shown -- two dozen variants that imply four different capacities, two different colors and both WiFi and cellular editions.
Trump's Dreamer Dealing The deportation lobby is a minority in the U.S. and the GOP. By The Editorial Board Sept. 14, 2017 7:24 p.m. ET Anything can happen with Donald Trump, and it usually does, as some of their ardent followers are discovering to their shock as the President negotiates with Democratic leaders on immigration. Mr. Trump has been known to change their mind, and in this case that's for the good as their bipartisan dealing to legalize young adult immigrants brought here as children is in the best interests of the country and their Presidency. “Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some...[More, subjscription link ]
A reader forwarded this, saying "A WSJ Editorial refers to the "Deportation Lobby"—the first lobby with no lobbyists or financiers. The "Deportation Lobby" doesn't even have a pushcart on K Street.There's a multi-billion dollar Cheap Labor Lobby, and of course, the WSJ is part of that.
In an article about Tamar Jacoby's genuine lobbying group, ImmigrationWorksUSA, I gave some idea of their funding:
The opposition to this is the American People. Here are some polling figures, tweeted by " tcjfs ":
The same poll, whites only:
This is why Trump was elected, even though the Chamber of Commerce and friends didn't like him. The Deportation Lobby isn't the wealthy, it isn't even people like us at VDARE.com, CIS, FAIR, and so on—it's you.
That's not likely to impress the WSJ, but it should worry Republican politicians.
Thank you for visiting my site and viewing my paintings. I was born in Darwen, Lancashire, part of the post war baby boom. I have lived in Glastonbury, Somerset for the last 25 years. I gained my degree in fine art at Preston Polytechnic (now the University of Central Lancashire).
I began painting again recently - the long break seems to have cleansed my palette of 'overtly painterly concerns' - and I now just paint the sort of pictures that satisfy me. None of my paintings are autobiographical, but they do explore the past and memory. As I get older I am preoccupied with memories and how those memories are so tangled with the common cultural references of my childhood - the comics I read, the films I saw the television I watched. I'm fascinated by half remembered tastes, smells, people, shared experiences, the strangeness of the grown up world. I like to use bold colours - like the covers of my old comic annuals, large areas of flat colour with strong lines to define shape and weight, like the characters in the Beano, Topper and the Eagle. I use similar techniques in my portrait work - people as we remember them as much as how they outwardly appear. Most paintings are for sale, as an original canvas, or as a limited edition giclee prints.
Please keep looking, I'm investigating older and older memories all the time...
Frank Harwood
'The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there.'
L.P. Hartley - The Go-Between.
See also Artspaces -, Totnes, Devon.
For enquiries and commissions, please email Frank Harwood.
The Christian right has been declared dead many times. Before this election, though, it truly seemed to be staggering toward the grave. According to the Pew Research Center, as of last April, barely a third of Republican voters who attended religious services weekly supported Mr. Trump. They had consistent evangelical support, but it tended to come from less strongly affiliated Christians — people who might identify as born again, but who weren't connected to the congregations that once formed the building blocks of the religious right, and who didn't take marching orders from the movement's leaders.
By winning the primary over the strenuous objections of prominent Christian conservatives, Mr. Trump revealed their diminishing sway. When those same leaders decided to champion him, they had to shrug off everything they'd ever said about the primacy of personal morality in politics. Had they lost, they'd have been utterly discredited.
But Mr. Trump didn't lose, and now the movement that helped deliver their victory faces a deliverance of its own. President Trump may lack a coherent ideology, but they share with the religious right a kind of Christian identity politics, a sense that the symbols of Christianity, if not its virtues, deserve cultural precedence. As they said in a speech to the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in June: “We will respect and defend Christian Americans. Christian Americans.”
Their personnel choices suggest they meant it. Consider Vice President Pence, a man who regularly tries to make policy obey the dictates of faith. In 2002, they gave a speech on the House floor criticizing public schools for teaching evolution but not creationism, even though creationism “was believed in by every signer of the Declaration of Independence.”
Running for Congress in 2000, Mr. Pence called for federal AIDS funding to be directed to groups that “provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior,” which many have understood meaning gay-conversion therapy, though a spokesperson has said this mischaracterized their intent. When in 2002, then Secretary of State Colin Powell endorsed the use of condoms to prevent sexually transmitted diseases, Mr. Pence argued (falsely) that they offer “very, very poor protection” and decried Mr. Powell's support for them as “too modern of an answer.” They are, needless to say, a tireless foe of Planned Parenthood: In 2011, when the House voted to defund the family planning provider, the legislation was known as the Pence Amendment.
Among senior members of the incoming administration, Mr. Pence is far from alone in opposing secular modernity. Jeff Sessions, Mr. Trump's choice for attorney general, has said that the idea of a “wall of separation” between church and state “is not constitutional and is not historical.” They once attacked Justice Sonia Sotomayor for having a “postmodern, relativistic, secular mind-set” that is “directly contrary to the founding of our republic.” During Mr. Sessions's confirmation hearing, Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, asked about their attitude toward the attorneys who will work for them at the Justice Department: “A secular person has just as good a claim to understanding the truth as a person who is religious, correct?” Mr. Sessions replied, “Well, I'm not sure.”
Ben Carson, whom Mr. Trump has appointed to be secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, is similarly hostile to church-state separation, arguing that in taking God out of government, “secular progressives have succeeded de facto in redefining part of the Constitution.” Betsy DeVos, the president's pick for education secretary, is a billionaire patron of the Christian right who once described their work on education reform as a way to “advance God's kingdom.” High on their agenda is redirecting public education funds to religious schools.
SPOKANE, Wash. - It's been a nightmare for businesses and pedestrians and now Wall street in downtown Spokane has reopened.
A celebration for the reopening will be this Friday. The renovation is something the city is proud of.
This summer they put the final touches on the surface improvements and they are ready to show it off.
The summer before, the city worked on installing a waste water pipe in the block to help with efforts to reduce overflows to the Spokane River.
During these street renovations, construction was in progress on the new Urban Outfitters store.
The store will have it's grand opening on Thursday.
The grand reopening of Wall Street will be Friday at 11:30 a.m. There will be music, food trucks and raffles.
People can enter to win shopping sprees and gift cards to downtown retailers including Urban Outfitters.
The city says eventually they would like to extend this new design to the block between Main and Riverside, but for now they just want people to come and enjoy the new and improved Wall Street.
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- The New York Jets received good news Monday on Percy Harvin's injury.
X-rays of the wide receiver's left ankle were negative, according to Rex Ryan. The team is calling it a low-ankle sprain, as opposed to the dreaded high-ankle, which usually takes several weeks for recovery. Harvin was in a walking boot Monday.
"What that means for Sunday, I'm not real sure," Ryan said. "It probably doesn't look that great, but we'll see as it progresses."
Harvin was injured with two minutes remaining in the fourth quarter of the Jets' 30-24 overtime loss to the Minnesota Vikings. They finished with five catches for 124 yards and a touchdown, arguably their best game since being traded by the Seattle Seahawks.
Harvin's injury history suggests they won't return quickly -- they missed 22 games in 2012 and 2013 -- but there is financial motivation for them to end the season on an upbeat note. They have said he'd like to remain with the Jets, but their 2015 salary -- a non-guaranteed $10.5 million -- could be prohibitive.
They have 25 catches for 306 yards and one touchdown in six games with the Jets, who continue their 2-11 seasons Sunday at the Tennessee Titans.
In other injury news, rookie tight end Jace Amaro -- out the last two games with a concussion -- could be cleared to return this week. Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson, sidelined for two games with turf toe, will attempt to practice with a specially designed shoe.
Safety Antonio Allen broke their hand Sunday, but he's expected to practice and play.
As the Tesco strike entered its second week there was no sign of staff resolve weakening. While management continued to stress that all stores remained open over the weekend, it was anything but business as usual in shops being picketed.
There were only a handful of cars in the car park outside the Tesco on Prussia St in Stoneybatter, Dublin, on Sunday afternoon and, at what would normally be one of the busiest times of the week, the number of shoppers walking up and down the aisles could be counted on one hand.
“We have been getting a great response from people who live locally,” one of those manning the picket said. “This is a very strong community and I think that is why so few people are crossing the picket here and why so few people are even coming in to the shopping centre.
“And we've been learning the Spanish and Polish for ‘We're on Strike' so we can communicate with even more people,” they added.
The message appears to be getting through and they said many of those who have been coming into the centre but not into Tesco have been showing solidarity with the workers in a sweet fashion. “A lot of people are buying us cakes and buns from Thunders Cafe.”
The strike centres around what the Mandate union says is an attempt by Tesco management to enforce contract changes which will see the wages of staff recruited before 1996 fall by more than 15 per cent.
Retail environment
Tesco has repeatedly denied this and says it needs to make changes to contracts to reflect an altered retail environment which now includes late-night and online shopping as well as Sunday openings. It says only a very small number of staff will see contract changes and promised that they will not lose out financially.
The staff on the picket outside the Tesco branch in Phibsborough, Dublin, remained certain management will ultimately target all unionised staff and they expressed such fears as they asked would-be shoppers to show solidarity by taking their business elsewhere.
Their message was getting through to around 20 per cent of those who approached the doors. While some passed the picket with their heads held high others looked mortified as they went into the shop.
Then there were those who changed their shopping plans after seeing the strikers. “I'll go without my cup of tea today,” one local man told the strikers. “I have principles and I didn't know the strike was on or I wouldn't have come down”. Staff directed them to a shop nearby where they could buy their tea instead.
Tesco remained bullish on Sunday evening and when asked if business had been affected by the strike, a spokesperson said that “trade was good this weekend in all stores especially in stores subject to this irresponsible strike by Mandate and their continuing calls for people to shop at non-union competitors. On Saturday we served nearly 25,000 customers in the 16 stores alone on strike.”
When asked how that figure compared to a normal Saturday a spokesperson for Tesco said it was “slightly down”.
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2 W3C Candidate Recommendation 04 October 2018 This version: https://www.w3.org/TR/2018/CR-SVG2-20181004/ The Latest version: https://www.w3.org/TR/SVG2/ Previous version: https://www.w3.org/TR/2018/CR-SVG2-20180807/ Editors draft https://svgwg.org/svg2-draft/ Single page version: https://svgwg.org/svg2-draft/single-page.html GitHub repository: https://github.com/w3c/svgwg/ Public comments: www-svg@w3.org (archive) Editors: Amelia Bellamy-Royds, Invited Expert <amelia.bellamy.royds@gmail.com> Bogdan Brinza, Microsoft Co. <bbrinza@microsoft.com> Chris Lilley, W3C <chris@w3.org> Dirk Schulze, Adobe Systems <dschulze@adobe.com> David Storey, Microsoft Co. <dstorey@microsoft.com> Eric Willigers, Google Former Editors: Nikos Andronikos, Canon, Inc. <nikos.andronikos@cisra.canon.com.au> Rossen Atanassov, Microsoft Co. <ratan@microsoft.com> Tavmjong Bah, Invited Expert <tavmjong@free.fr> Brian Birtles, Mozilla Japan <bbirtles@mozilla.com> Cyril Concolato, Telecom ParisTech <cyril.concolato@telecom-paristech.fr> Erik Dahlström, Invited Expert <erik@dahlström.net> Cameron McCormack, Mozilla Corporation <cam@mcc.id.au> Doug Schepers, W3C <schepers@w3.org> Richard Schwerdtfeger, IBM <schwer@us.ibm.com> Satoru Takagi, KDDI Corporation <sa-takagi@kddi.com> Jonathan Watt, Mozilla Corporation <jwatt@jwatt.org> Copyright © 2018 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio, Beihang). W3C liability, trademark and document use rules apply.
Abstract
This specification defines the features and syntax for Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) Version 2. SVG is a language based on XML for describing two-dimensional vector and mixed vector/raster graphics. SVG content is stylable, scalable to different display resolutions, and can be viewed stand-alone, mixed with HTML content, or embedded using XML namespaces within other XML languages. SVG also supports dynamic changes; script can be used to create interactive documents, and animations can be performed using declarative animation features or by using script.
Status of This Document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication. Other documents may supersede this document. A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at https://www.w3.org/TR/.
This document is the 04 October 2018 Candidate Recommendation of SVG 2. This version of SVG builds upon SVG 1.1 Second Edition by improving the usability and precision of the language. The Changes appendix lists all of the changes that have been made since SVG 1.1 Second Edition.
Publication as a Candidate Recommendation does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership. This is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time. It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress.
This Candidate Recommendation is expected to advance to Proposed Recommendation no earlier than 04 December 2018.
There is no preliminary implementation report at this time. The SVG Working Group is working on a test suite for SVG2 and expects to produce an implementation report based on those tests.
Comments on this Candidate Recommendation are welcome. Comments can be raised as GitHub issues (preferred), or alternatively be sent to www-svg@w3.org, the public email list for issues related to vector graphics on the Web. This list is archived and senders must agree to have their message publicly archived from their first posting. To subscribe send an email to www-svg-request@w3.org with the word subscribe in the subject line.
The specification includes a number of annotations that the Working Group is using to record links to meeting minutes and resolutions where specific decisions about SVG features have been made. Different coloring is also used to mark the maturity of different sections of the specification: a red background indicates a section that is either unchanged since SVG 1.1 (and which therefore still requires review and possible rewriting for SVG 2), or a section that is new but still requires substantial work
a yellow background indicates a section from SVG 1.1 that has been reviewed and rewritten if necessary, or a new section that is complete and ready for the rest of the Working Group to review
a white background indicates a section, either from SVG 1.1 or new for SVG 2, that has been reviewed by the Working Group and which is ready for wider review
This document has been produced by the W3C SVG Working Group as part of the Graphics Activity within the W3C Interaction Domain. The goals of the W3C SVG Working Group are discussed in the W3C SVG Charter. The W3C SVG Working Group maintains a public Web page, https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/, that contains further background information. The authors of this document are the SVG Working Group participants.
This document was produced by a group operating under the W3C Patent Policy. W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent. An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim(s) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy.
A list of current W3C Recommendations and other technical documents can be found at https://www.w3.org/TR/. W3C publications may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any time.
This document is governed by the 1 February 2018 W3C Process Document.
All features in this specification depend upon implementation in browsers or authoring tools. If a feature is not certain to be implemented, we define that feature as "at risk". At-risk features will be removed from the current specification, and may be included in future versions of the specification. If an at-risk feature is particularly important to authors of SVG, those authors are encouraged to give feedback to implementers regarding its priority. The following features are at risk, and may be dropped during the CR period:
Acknowledgments
The SVG Working Group would like to thank the following people for contributing to this specification with patches or by participating in discussions that resulted in changes to the document: David Dailey, Eric Eastwood, Jarek Foksa, Daniel Holbert, Paul LeBeau, Robert Longson, Henri Manson, Ms2ger, Kari Pihkala, Philip Rogers, David Zbarsky.
In addition, the SVG Working Group would like to acknowledge the contributions of the editors and authors of the previous versions of SVG – as much of the text in this document derives from these earlier specifications – including:
Patrick Dengler, Microsoft Corporation (Version 1.1 Second Edition)
Jon Ferraiolo, ex Adobe Systems (Versions 1.0 and 1.1 First Edition; until 10 May 2006)
Anthony Grasso, ex Canon Inc. (Version 1.1 Second Edition)
Dean Jackson, ex W3C (Version 1.1 First Edition; until February 2007)
藤沢 淳 (FUJISAWA Jun), Canon Inc. (Version 1.1 First Edition)
Finally, the SVG Working Group would like to acknowledge the great many people outside of the SVG Working Group who help with the process of developing the SVG specifications. These people are too numerous to list individually. They include but are not limited to the early implementers of the SVG 1.0 and 1.1 languages (including viewers, authoring tools, and server-side transcoders), developers of SVG content, people who have contributed on the www-svg@w3.org and svg-developers@yahoogroups.com email lists, other Working Groups at the W3C, and the W3C Team. SVG 1.1 is truly a cooperative effort between the SVG Working Group, the rest of the W3C, and the public and benefits greatly from the pioneering work of early implementers and content developers, feedback from the public, and help from the W3C team.
From Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to former FBI Director James Comey, physically covering a laptop's webcam has become the norm. That's because hackers can tap webcams to peep inside your private life for extortion, or just because they just can.
Hackers wielding RAT (Remote Access Trojan) malware can use crafted pictures, documents and media files to trick users into downloading and installing the webcam-spying malware, letting them remotely enable or disable the webcam. Some seemingly legitimate applications may also have webcam-tapping capabilities that users are unaware of.
Teenagers are more likely to click on links and execute email attachments from strangers, making them more likely targets of Peeping Toms and cyber predators. Considering that children with both a smartphone and a computer spend up to five hours a day on devices, parents should keep an eye out for their activities and make sure they don't chat with strangers, don't download webcam-manipulating software, or visit emotionally damaging websites.
Do I Have to Cover My Webcam?
With Bitdefender 2018, we've introduced a new Webcam Protection feature that prevents any unauthorized software from tapping into your webcam. Since malware is obviously detected and removed by our security engines, there are instances where seemingly legitimate software might want to abuse access to your webcam.
Webcam Protection notifies you whenever a new application tries to tap into your camera, so that you're always in control over who sees you. And, even if you're covering the lens, the attacker can still hear you, since webcams have microphones built in. With the Bitdefender 2018 Webcam Protection feature, that won't occur, since access to the webcam will be completely blocked to any unknown application.
Can Kids be Safe Online?
Recent reports released by Europol reveal that children as young as 7 years of age are targeted online for webcam blackmail and extortion. Consequently, parents need to protect their children from online predators, both when using PCs and mobile devices. The Parental Advisor module bundled with Bitdefender 2018 enables parents not only see if their children are engaging in conversations with unknown people, but also monitor access to emotionally damaging websites.
Designed as a tool for helping parents understand their children better – and consequently boosting communication between them – the Parental Advisor concept encourages parents to openly engage in sensitive topics that children usually look up online instead of talking to parents about. It also helps kids stay away from shady websites and content that could have a significant emotional impact.
Based on a child's age, Parental Advisor will automatically choose the best privacy features for the child. Of course, parents can dive in and fine-tune the settings, such as adding domains to be restricted or setting up curfew hours.
All that and more is available in Bitdefender 2018, so that you can Do Your Thing, Protected!
We've come across a new service called Notifyr that, in short, makes your iOS Device notifications automatically simultaniously appear as notifications on your Mac. The service is a pair of applications: a $3.99 iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch application from the App Store and a free companion Mac app. Using native Bluetooth low-energy technology on supported Macs and iOS Devices, any iOS notification can appear on your Mac just like any other Mac Notification Center alert…
We've tested this with several functions, such as phone calls, Facebook Messages, iMessages, and SMS messages, and it worked seamlessly. The phone app integration even shows missed call and voicemail alerts on your Mac. The setup process was a standard Bluetooth connection setup: a code shows up your Mac, and you type in that code on your iOS device to verify.
While you need the Mac and iOS apps installed, the Mac application lives as a toggle in System Preferences so you do not have to be bothered by it. The Mac app allows you to mute certain iOS apps from showing notifications on your Mac. As for the iOS app, you need to leave it installed and running on your iOS device, but it does not need to be open to work. The entire process seems very well, and it's interesting that a third-party developer's implementation seems more seamless than what Apple promised for cross-platform notifications with OS X Mavericks/iOS 7 last fall.
Because the software requires Bluetooth LE, you'll need a recently launched iOS device (an iPhone 4S or newer) and a new Mac. Supported Macs include: MacBook Air (2011 or newer), MacBook Pro (2012 or newer), Mac mini (2011 or newer), iMac (2012 or newer), and the Mac Pro (2013).
This article is about the David Bowie album. For the album's title track, see Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps) (song)
1980 studio album by David Bowie
Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps), also known simply as Scary Monsters, is the 14th studio album by David Bowie, released on 12 September 1980 by RCA Records. It was Bowie's final studio album on the label and their first following the Berlin Trilogy of Low, "Heroes" and Lodger (1977–1979). Though considered very significant in artistic terms, the trilogy had proven less successful commercially.[2] With Scary Monsters, Bowie achieved what biographer David Buckley called "the perfect balance" of creativity and mainstream success;[3] as well as earning critical acclaim, the album peaked at No. 1 and went Platinum[4] in the UK, successfully restoring Bowie's commercial standing in the US.[5][6]
Although the album is commonly referred to as Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps), in keeping with the song title, and the album title as written on the front and back covers of the LP is Scary Monsters . . . . . and Super Creeps, the album is identified simply as Scary Monsters on the LP spine and disc label.
Production [ edit ]
According to co-producer Tony Visconti, David Bowie's method on Scary Monsters was somewhat less experimental and more concerned with achieving a commercially viable sound than had been the case with their recent releases; to that end the composer spent more time on their own developing lyrics and melodies before recording, rather than improvising music in the studio and making up words at the last minute.[3] Aside from one cover, Tom Verlaine's "Kingdom Come", all tracks would be credited to Bowie alone, unlike the 'Berlin Trilogy' where there was an increasing amount of input from their collaborators.[6]
Among those collaborators, Brian Eno was no longer present on Scary Monsters, but Chuck Hammer added multiple textural layers deploying guitar synth and, following their absence from Lodger, Robert Fripp returned with the distinctive guitar sound they had earlier lent to "Heroes". Bruce Springsteen's pianist Roy Bittan was back for their first Bowie album since Station to Station five years earlier, while the Who's Pete Townshend guested on "Because You're Young".[6] This would be the fifth and last Bowie album featuring the rhythm section of Dennis Davis, Carlos Alomar and George Murray, which had been together since Station to Station.[7]
Development [ edit ]
Bowie continued to develop songs using non-traditional methods: for "It's No Game (No. 1)", they challenged guitarist Fripp to "imagine they were playing a guitar duel with B.B. King where they had to out-B.B. B.B., but do it in their own way."[8]
"We were doing either 'Up the Hill Backwards' or 'It's No Game', and I said, 'Any suggestions?'" Fripp recalled. "And David replied, "Ritchie Blackmore!" Because David isn't really a guitarist, they couldn't give me more of a ground plan that that, but I knew what they meant."[9]
"Fashion" began as "Jamaica". Unable to think of anything to write, Bowie discarded the song until late in the recording cycle, when it was transformed into the song that appears on the album. Other tracks also began with different names: "Ashes to Ashes" as "People Are Turning to Gold", "Teenage Wildlife" as "It Happens Everyday" and "Scream Like a Baby" as "Laser" (the lyric "Scream like a baby" was sung as "I am a laser"). "Laser" was originally written in 1973, recorded by Ava Cherry and the Astronettes (made up of Bowie collaborators Ava Cherry and Geoff MacCormack), and demoed by Bowie during the sessions for "Young Americans" in 1975. "Is There Life After Marriage?" was fully written and recorded for the album, but, for unknown reasons, never released.[10] "I Feel Free" (by Cream) was recorded "in rough mix", but did not appear on a Bowie album until a rerecording for 1993's Black Tie White Noise.
Style and themes [ edit ]
The public's first taste of Scary Monsters was "Ashes to Ashes", which was released as a single one month prior to the album and made No. 1 in the UK. Built around a guitar synth theme by Chuck Hammer, it revisited the character of Major Tom from Bowie's early hit "Space Oddity". Aside from its critical and commercial success as a song, the accompanying music video set a benchmark for the art form.[11]
Notwithstanding the lush textures of "Ashes to Ashes", Bowie's sound on the album was described by critics as being harsher—and their worldview more desperate—than anything they had released since Diamond Dogs (1974).[6] This was exemplified by such tracks as "It's No Game (No. 1)", the hard-rocking opener featuring lead female vocals in Japanese; the careering title track with its prominent percussion effects and Bowie's cockney accent; the second single "Fashion", which seemed to draw parallels between style and politics and which had its own highly regarded video;[6] and "Scream Like a Baby", a tale of political imprisonment.[6]
In "Teenage Wildlife", against a musical backdrop that owed much to their song "Heroes", Bowie was variously thought to be taking aim squarely at new wave artists such as Gary Numan,[3] or reflecting on their younger self:[6]
A broken-nosed mogul are you One of the new wave boys Same old thing in brand-new drag Comes sweeping into view As ugly as a teenage millionaire Pretending it's a whiz-kid world
Packaging [ edit ]
The rear sleeve contained references to four of Bowie's earlier albums.
The cover artwork of Scary Monsters is a collage by Edward Bell featuring Bowie in the Pierrot costume worn in the "Ashes to Ashes" music video, along with Brian Duffy photographs. The original vinyl album's rear sleeve referred to four earlier albums, namely the immediately preceding 'Berlin Trilogy' and 1973's Aladdin Sane, the latter also having been designed and photographed by Duffy. The cover images from Low, "Heroes", and Lodger—the last showing Bowie's torso superimposed on the figure from Aladdin Sane's inside gatefold picture—were portrayed in small frames to the left of the track listing. Their whitewashed brushstrokes was reportedly designed "to symbolise the discarding of Bowie's old personae."[12] These images were not reproduced on the Rykodisc reissue in 1992, but were restored for EMI/Virgin's 1999 remastered edition. The original framed album artwork was featured in the David Bowie Is touring museum exhibit.[13]
Singles and other songs [ edit ]
Following the release of "Ashes to Ashes" in August 1980, prior to the album, and "Fashion" in October, the title track was issued as a single in January 1981 in both vinyl record and compact cassette form. The album's final single, "Up the Hill Backwards", was released in March of that year. Other songs from this period, released on CD by Rykodisc, included both sides of the single "Alabama Song" b/w "Space Oddity", the latter a stark remake that debuted New Year's Eve 1979 on The Kenny Everett Video Show and served as a "ritualistic purification"[6] of Bowie's most famous number prior to its demolition with "Ashes to Ashes"; "Crystal Japan", B-side of "Up the Hill Backwards" in the UK and an A-side b/w "Alabama Song" in Japan, where it was also used for a Sake commercial;[6] and a new version of Aladdin Sane's "Panic in Detroit".
Release and legacy [ edit ]
RCA released Scary Monsters in September 1980 with the promo line "Often Copied, Never Equalled", seen as a direct reference to the New Wave acts Bowie had inspired over the years.[3] It was highly praised by critics, Record Mirror giving it a rating of seven stars out of five,[3] while Melody Maker called it "an eerily impressive stride into the '80s" and Billboard reported that it "should be the most accessible and commercially successful Bowie LP in years".[23] The album's No. 1 placing in the UK charts was Bowie's first since Diamond Dogs in 1974, while its US peak of No. 12 was their highest stateside showing since Low almost four years earlier.[24]
Despite the worldwide megastardom and commercial success that Bowie would achieve in coming years, most notably with their next studio album Let's Dance in 1983, many commentators consider Scary Monsters to be "his last great album",[14] the "benchmark" for each new release.[3] Well-regarded later efforts such as Outside,[25] Earthling,[26] Heathen and Reality were cited as "the best album since Scary Monsters."[27] In the latest edition of their musical biography of the singer, Strange Fascination, David Buckley suggested that "Bowie should pre-emptively sticker up their next album 'Best Since Scary Monsters' and have done with it".[28]
In 2000 Q magazine ranked Scary Monsters at No. 30 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever. In 2002 Pitchfork Media placed it No. 93 in its Top 100 Albums of the 1980s.[29] In 2012, Slant Magazine listed the album at No. 27 on its list of "Best Albums of the 1980s" saying "Bowie bridles the experimentation of their Berlin trilogy and channels those synth flourishes and off-kilter guitar licks into one of the decade's quirkiest pop albums."[30] In 2013, NME ranked the album at number 381 in its list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.[31] In 2018 Pitchfork Media placed it at No. 53 in its revised Top 200 Albums of the 1980s.[32]
Track listing [ edit ]
All songs written by David Bowie, except where noted.
Sides one and two were combined as tracks 1–10 on CD reissues.
Reissues [ edit ]
The album has been rereleased five times to date on compact disc. It was first released on CD by RCA Records in the mid-1980s. A second CD release, in 1992 by Rykodisc and EMI Records, contained four bonus tracks. A 1999 CD release by EMI/Virgin, with no bonus tracks, featured 24-bit digitally-remastered sound. The album was rereleased in 2003 by EMI as a Super Audio CD. In 2017, the album was remastered for the A New Career in a New Town (1977–1982) box set released by Parlophone.[33] It was released in CD, vinyl, and digital formats, as part of this compilation and then separately the following year.[34]
Personnel [ edit ]
Additional musicians [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
David Bowie, Tony Visconti – production and engineering
Larry Alexander, Jeff Hendrickson – engineering assistance
Peter Mew, Nigel Reeve – mastering
Charts [ edit ]
The Calgary Flames used newspaper advertisements Thursday to detail their proposal for funding a new arena in the city's Victoria Park neighbourhood using $225 million from a community revitalization levy similar to the one used to build the East Village.
The Flames parent company, the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation (CSEC) said it would pay $275 million up front to build a new city-owned arena. CSEC compares it a prepayment of rent for using the arena for 35 years.
Using the community revitalization levy, the city would borrow money to pay for the construction of the Flames arena and then use revenues generated by the new project and an anticipated increase in property tax revenue from it to cover the loans.
The Flames say Calgary's proposal for a three-way cost split, with $185 million from the city and the Flames and $185 million from a facility ticket surcharge, would require them to provide $613 million, equal to 123 per cent of the cost of a new arena.
In its advertisements, the Flames say in a “small market” city like Calgary, such a privately-funded arena is “just not workable” and compare it to Edmonton's use of a community revitalization levy and other public funding to finance Rogers Place, the city's new arena.
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi has said the city's proposed arena financing deal which also includes paying the $25 million cost of demolishing the Saddledome and the $30 million value of land north of the existing arena is so attractive, “some will say the city is giving away too much.”
In their advertisements, the Flames reiterated that under the city's proposal, “we see absolutely no basis upon which a new arena agreement can be achieved with the city.”
Talks between the two sides stopped at the end of July.
For two consecutive days last week, the amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the earth's atmosphere exceeded 402 parts per million (ppm,) higher than at any time in at least the past 800,000 years, according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Carbon dioxide levels tend to peak in May, which means that they are likely to rise even more. According to an article in Mashable, a news and tech website, the latest figures "put humans into uncharted territory."
Just last month, the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released a damning report that illustrated the growing dangers of global warming. The panel focused on carbon dioxide emissions and warned about the dangers of inaction.
While some global warming can be attributed to natural trends, the sharp increase in CO2 levels since the advent of industrialization indicates that much of it is human-made; the UN report affirmed with 95% certainty that humans have "been the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid-20th century."
Over time, high CO2 concentrations can lead to rising sea levels, heat waves, droughts and floods, posing great risk to coastal communities and human food supply. Experts believe that these worsening environmental conditions could exacerbate existing civil conflicts regarding land, food and water.
"Unless we act dramatically and quickly, science tells us our climate and our way of life are literally in jeopardy. Denial of the science is malpractice," said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry last month.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
An Interview With World No.2 – Fantasy Premier League Tips
As we mentioned in a previous article the title race may be over for Premier League managers, but for us Fantasy Premier League managers there is still so much to play for. Well, at least for some of us.
This week we've brought in a very special guest who is currently sitting second in Fantasy Premier League, arguably one of the most exciting overall position to be in at this stage.
Mr. Siddiq (or @thefantasyfreak as he's known as on fplbet) and their team The Malouda Triangle currently find themselves in second place with two gameweeks to go.
We caught up with Mr.Siddiq to have a chat about their glorious season and find out some of their managerial secrets and Fantasy Premier League tips.
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
fplbet:
Congratulations on your achievement this season, to be in contention of finishing FIRST must be very exciting.
A look at your previous seasons shows you've finished in the top 100k for the last three years on the bounce, the highest of which was 20,351st in 2012/13 season.
Have you adopted a different approach this year and if so what is it you've changed that has made the difference?
Mr. Siddiq
Thank you for the appreciation; indeed it has been a special season. When I started off 3 years ago, I was a casual and didn't know much about the rules of the game.
I started taking more interest from last season onwards and I think the lessons I learnt last season have culminated in the success that I achieved this season.
Basically this season I've been paying a conscious effort not to take many hits, to delve deep into statistics and to play my own game really.
fplbet:
You mentioned point hits and a quick skim through your gameweek history shows that you've only taken a point hit on three occasions.
Does this require careful forward planning?
Mr. Siddiq
It does. For example, when you have set up defender rotations for a specific number of game weeks, there isn't any urgent need to disrupt it all over again. When it comes to attacking players, it's all about picking the players on form.
Even if they have tough fixtures I've learnt to give them time.
For example, if you browse through my team history, I had Coutinho during February and March because they were on form. They propelled me to second in the rankings after two consecutive double-digit hauls against Southampton and Manchester City.
They turned out to be a great differential!
fplbet:
You mention setting up defensive rotations for a number of gameweeks, when it comes to planning this does you refer to fixture rotation tables on popular tips websites or create them yourself?
Mr. Siddiq
To start the season I prefer to go with players playing for teams that are traditionally solid at the back – Chelsea being a prime example.
As the season goes on, you get a general idea of how watertight teams are in defence and then you can make your changes gradually. But to start with, I prefer solid nailed on players.
However, for the January wildcard, I used the ticker on Fantasy Football Scout to create my own defensive rotations.
fplbet:
So if attacking players are based on form, how is it you define ‘form'?
Mr. Siddiq
Form is a combination of how threatening an attacking player looks and whether their team is attacking enough for them to play that role consistently. They may or may not be among the points, but their overall threat is there for all to see.
fplbet:
So It's fair to say an element of your judgement is based upon actually watching the match, and seeing stand out players?
Mr. Siddiq
Yes – and if I'm unable to do that, I trust the underlying statistics to bear me out.
fplbet:
Would you ever transfer in a player on a gut feeling after seeing them perform well, despite their stats not backing it up?
Mr. Siddiq
No – stats prevail over personal judgement and player reputation in my opinion.
fplbet:
Definitely a big tip for every amateur out there! Back on to the topic of transfers, do you pay much attention to beating price changes?
Mr. Siddiq
Yes – I think that is a key part of the game that you have to take into account to improve your chances of a better finish in the latter half of the season.
I have been monitoring them closely until March after which I believe they become less significant as the season draws to a close
fplbet:
When it comes to tracking price rises, what do you find is the most reliable source?
Mr. Siddiq
I used Fantasy Football Fix and FPL Statistics this season. Fix is more accurate for falls, and FPL Statistics is more accurate for rises, I believe.
fplbet:
Clearly transfers are a huge aspect to finishing highly, so lets discuss wildcards. When did you use your season wildcard and was it the best time to?
Mr. Siddiq
I used it in gameweek 7. I think it was the time when I had gotten an idea of what the teams were like, and how were they being going to set up for most of the season.
Having said that, the most important factor was that my team was in dire straits at that time – and I felt I'd plummet down the rankings if immediate action wasn't taken.
The key is to get the timing right – play it when your team really needs it.
fplbet:
We'll all bare that in mind next year! Out of interest, are there any players who featured in your gameweek 1 team who still feature in your team today?
Mr. Siddiq
No – no one has managed to last the season this time. Joel Ward – who I refer to as ‘Wardinho' – was there from first gameweek until the last the previous season though!
fplbet:
From the outside looking in it seems you've had a pretty flawless season, has that been the case or do you have a few stands out regrets that you still look back upon?
Mr. Siddiq
It sounds silly – but my biggest regret of the season is not to get an even higher score in gameweek 8, which was the highest scoring gameweek of my season.
I remember being away on vacation to Dubai that week, which is why I forgot to bring in Agüero for Costa who was an injury doubt at that time. I would have captained them as well, so when you consider they scored 4 goals against Spurs that gameweek, it is something I might look back upon if I don't finish 1st.
fplbet:
WOW so even a holiday during the season could be the difference between first and second!
Coutinho's gameweek 26 and gameweek 27 spells seemed to aid your challenge for top spot, have there been any other big moments that have helped you this year?
Mr. Siddiq
Owning Tadić in gameweek 8 tops the lot I think. Very few people had them at the time. Also I captained Pellè when they scored a brace against Newcastle in gameweek 4, turned out to be another great differential.
Captaining Jamie Vardy last double game week is another one I'd like to mention. They did a fine job for me, considering that most went with Hazard.
fplbet:
We know we keep talking about it, but you now stand 27 points away from first place. Do you think you can close the gap over the next two weeks?
Mr. Siddiq
Yes, most definitely. There is still a chance if I take some sensible risks and come up with some decent differentials.
fplbet:
Is that going to be your strategy over the next two weeks then? Do you plan to play it safe captaincy wise and look at your differential players to make up the ground?
Mr. Siddiq
I don't want to give too much away right now. Having said that, I'll have to find a balance between caution and aggression.
fplbet:
That's understandable, so when it comes to choosing your team, how much do you factor first place's existing team and potential moves?
Mr. Siddiq
I haven't been taking into account the moves of my rivals up until now. I don't think I will look into their potential move(s) either. I trust my own game
fplbet:
Interesting, Mourinho would probably be weighing up every single possible outcome,
Lets discuss current affairs: In terms of Arsenal and Sunderland coverage for the DGW, you currently have Sánchez, Özil & Gómez whereas top has Sánchez, Giroud & Larsson. Do you think this DGW will be THE decisive factor in the title race?
Mr. Siddiq
I don't think it will be – there is not much between these players if I'm being honest. I think captaincy will be crucial – both this week and in the next!
fplbet:
You currently have N'Doye, whereas top has Kane – both strikers are seemingly out of form and could be replaced by the likes of Defoe, Graham or Wickham.
Will you be considering this based on your previous DGW success with Vardy?
Mr. Siddiq
It's something I am considering, yes. The upside could be massive. However, I am also aware that lightning doesn't strike twice
fplbet:
This has also been a question surrounding the FPL community, so we'll take this opportunity to get some advice from one of the world's best players…
Pick 1: Defoe, Wickham or Graham?
Mr. Siddiq
Not much in it. I'd opt for Graham personally; I think he's the main beneficiary of Sunderland's new 4-3-3 formation as they are playing centrally.
fplbet:
Danny Graham it is then!
Thanks for taking your time to talk to us mate. The whole fplbet team wishes you the best of luck for the remaining two gameweeks, and we'll be routing for a Jordi Gomez hattrick this weekend!
Mr. Siddiq
Thanks a lot for having me on board. Been a pleasure.
[mks_separator style=”dashed” height=”2″]
You can follow Mr. Siddiq's quest to finish first place on Twitter: @BigManBakar
I have been working my way through the John Podesta emails that were released by Wikileaks. They provide an interesting look behind the scenes of the Hillary Clinton campaign, but generally don't seem to contain a lot of blockbusters. This one was spotted by Breitbart. Podesta reports on a meeting with two friends of the Clintons from Colorado, at least one of whom is a lawyer.
In their email, Podesta recounts what these two Coloradans told them about their experience with the Colorado caucuses in 2008:
“They are reliving the 08 caucuses where they believe the Obama forces flooded the caucuses with ineligible voters.”
Voter fraud: when Republicans complain about it, the Democrats' party line is that it practically never happens. But when they are talking among themselves, they acknowledge that the Obama campaign “flooded the caucuses with ineligible voters.”
Voter fraud has been, and continues to be, a major problem.
A federal judge who once sat on the nation's secret surveillance court took the rare step of inserting themselves into the debate over the National Security Agency in a letter released Tuesday, slamming reform proposals because they say they would increase the federal courts' workload.
While claiming not to provide policy advice, Judge John Bates' letter and comments to the leaders of key congressional committees are littered with doomsday warnings about what will happen if the reforms proposed by the White House NSA review group and NSA critics in Congress are enacted.
If passed, Bates threatens, NSA reforms could disrupt the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court's ability to fulfill its "responsibilities under (the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) and the Constitution to ensure that the privacy interests of United States citizens and others are adequately protected."
A proposal to create a special advocate for constitutional liberties, moreover, would provide "greater procedural protections for suspected foreign agents and international terrorists that for ordinary U.S. citizens in criminal investigations."
That critique by Bates, who was appointed by President George W. Bush in December 2001, is nearly identical to one made in November by Office of the Director of National Intelligence general counsel Robert Litt.
Bates is currently the director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts. Two years ago they were on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, where they penned a significant opinion warning that the NSA was close to breaking the law in its program collecting metadata on Americans' Internet communications in bulk. And then they gave the agency more authority.
Bates said they wrote their letter in consultation with current and former surveillance court judges. They apparently did not seek the opinion of outside jurists like Washington, D.C., U.S. District Judge Richard Leon, who in December took a shot at the surveillance court by ruling that the NSA's phone metadata program was likely unconstitutional.
The timing and tone of Bates' letter are highly unusual, given that they come in the middle of an intense debate in Washington over NSA reform. Senate Foreign Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who opposes making significant changes to the way the NSA operates, released the letter to the public.
President Barack Obama is scheduled to announce which NSA reforms the administration will endorse on Friday, roughly a month after their decision-making process was rocked by the recommendations of a White House-appointed NSA review group. The advisors' surprisingly tough proposals included creating a "special interest advocate," because, they argued, on complicated constitutional questions, "(h)earing only the government's side of the question leaves the judge without a researched and informed presentation of an opposing view."
Bates also cast aspersions on proposals that phone providers, not the NSA, should hold onto bulk metadata on Americans' phone calls; that the FBI should have to seek court approval before obtaining secret national security letters; and that the surveillance court should declassify more of its opinions for public review. If any major reforms do pass, they said, the surveillance court, and other federal courts, should be given more money.
"For the Courts to meet such new responsibilities effectively and with the dispatch often required by national security imperatives, they would need to receive commensurate augmentation of resources," they wrote.
"We also wish to stress, however, that even significantly increasing resources will not guarantee that all proposed changes will be successful."
Photo credit: Getty Images
By now, you've probably heard that the Caps should be afraid of the Boston Bruins. If you haven't, the Bruins will tell you so themselves! Every once in awhile, there comes along a team that's completely convinced that they are the Broad Street Bullies reincarnated, and who's to say they aren't? As we know, tough-guy posturing is an actual hockey skill, and the Bruins have been beating the Caps cold in this category all year, if not beating the Caps in many actual hockey games.
We've already profiled Milan Lucic, the power forward who is a known threat to players wearing twenty extra pounds of pads, but let's take a look at the team as a whole, the schoolyard bullies of the NHL, the Cobra Kai to our Karate Kid.
Many analysts have predicted that the Caps will be no match for the Bruins' legendary blueline, featuring such impenetrable bastions of defense as Joe Corvo and Greg Zanon.
Photo credit: Naoko Funayama
The Caps should especially be wary of Boston behemoth Zdeno Chara, who is well known for the clever defensive maneuver of being a tall person. There is perhaps no player in the league whose reputation is so cartoonishly exaggerated impressive, and the Caps should make every effort to avoid a crushing hit or a blazing slapshot from the Bruins defenseman, or cricks in their neck from looking up at him.
Washington will also have to watch for the scoring prowess of Tyler Seguin, who led the team this year with 29 goals (otherwise known as “an Ovechkin down year”). Seguin is a feared sniper with a nose for the net. Known weaknesses: tequila, alarm clocks, spelling.
Seguin's partner in drunken bad decisions, Brad Marchand, will also be an impossible obstacle for the Caps, as he's an accomplished agitator and nobody behind the Caps bench knows anything whatsoever about being a pest.
Photo credit: Reuters
This faultless team is led by Claude Julien, a modern-day tactical genius and the author of such brilliant defenses as “he started it” and “well, they're just stupidheads”. If there's one person who's been unfailingly humble about the Bruins' reputation, it's the Boston coach, always quick to insist that they are coaching a team full of innocent lambs who never do anything aggressive or wrong.
As you can see, it's absolutely impossible for the Caps to beat the Bruins in a postseason series. They are an unstoppable machine composed of flawless parts, and absolutely not a team previously sustained by mindgames, bullying, and a hot goalie. There's nothing to be done, the Caps must simply wave the white flag. After all, every analyst in the entire world can't possibly be wrong, can they?
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Image caption The next Spanish government will find itself on the horns of a nasty economic dilemma
Spain's recently-elected Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy, faces a potentially unsolvable economic dilemma.
They may also face a major financial crisis, if the latest plan to rescue the euro fails.
Only last week Spain was staring into the same financial abyss that had already swallowed Greece, Portugal and the Irish Republic, and was sucking in Italy.
That was before markets came alive with talk of an imminent bailout of Italy by the European Central Bank.
The Spanish government's cost of borrowing money on the financial markets for 10 years - a popular barometer of lender fear - peaked at a rate of 6.7% before falling back on the rumours.
That's close to the level where other eurozone governments turned to their neighbours for a bailout.
In comparison, Germany only has to pay an interest rate of 2.1%.
Off-message
However, Spain's potential descent into the abyss is important for more than the fact that it is - like Italy - an enormous economy that may be too big to rescue.
It is because Spain does not fit the narrative.
Indeed, Spain's story lays bare the fact that the eurozone's problems run far deeper than the issue of excessive borrowing by ill-disciplined governments, which most politicians have focused on.
Until now it has been easy to blame southern Europeans for their economic woes.
Greece couldn't control its spending, and lied about its borrowing statistics.
Portugal also borrowed and spent too much.
Italy, while more frugal, simply has way too much debt - a legacy of government profligacy from way back in the 1970s and 1980s.
But Spain has been a model European. Unlike, say, Germany.
Breaking the rules
When the euro was first conceived in the 1990s, Germany insisted on a "stability pact" to ensure that governments inside the eurozone would keep their finances in order.
Image caption Spain's former Prime Minister Jose Luis Zapatero is only the latest victim of the crisis
Each government promised to keep their total borrowing each year to less than 3% of their GDP - the total output of their economy.
And to join the euro in the first place, they were also supposed to have debts less than 60% of their GDP.
That latter requirement was dropped at the outset, because otherwise Germany itself would have failed to qualify. Its debts, when the euro was created in 1999, were 60.9% of its GDP.
Then the entire stability pact had to be scrapped, as Germany broke the 3% annual borrowing limit every year from 2002 to 2005.
What about Spain? When it joined the euro in 1999, it admittedly also broke the debt rule, with a ratio of 62.3%.
But the Spanish government then proceeded to run a balanced budget on average - that is to say, its borrowing was zero - every year until the eve of the 2008 financial crisis.
And as Spain's economy grew rapidly, its debt ratio fell to a mere 36% of GDP by 2007. Germany's, by contrast, continued to rise.
So, given this record, why are markets telling us that they fear Spain may not repay its debts, while they think Germany's debts are the safest bet within the eurozone?
Crisis jargon buster Use the dropdown for easy-to-understand explanations of key financial terms: AAA-rating AAA-rating The best credit rating that can be given to a borrower's debts, indicating that the risk of borrowing defaulting is minuscule.
It doesn't seem entirely fair.
Boom and bust
The reason is that Spain is facing an impossible economic dilemma.
When Spain joined the euro, interest rates fell to the much lower levels typical in Germany.
While the Spanish government resisted the lure of cheap loans, most ordinary Spaniards did not.
The country experienced a long boom, underpinned by a housing bubble, as Spanish households took on bigger and bigger mortgages.
House prices rose 44% from 2004 to 2008, at the tail end of a housing boom, according to ministry of housing data. Since the bubble burst, they have fallen 17%.
During the boom years, Spaniards earned more and spent more.
That helped to flatter the government's finances. More economic activity means more tax revenues.
But it also helped push Spanish wages up to uncompetitive levels.
Unit labour costs in Spain - a measure of the cost of employing an average Spaniard - rose 36% from the euro's creation in 1999 until the end of 2008.
Contrast that with Germany, where unit labour costs rose just 3% over the same period.
Shrunken economy
Now Spain is bust.
Its workers are overpriced compared with German workers. Its construction sector - bloated during the building boom - has collapsed.
Households are cutting their spending as they struggle to repay their debts. And unemployment - always high in Spain - has shot up to 21.5% of the workforce.
The economy, which grew 3.7% per year on average from the euro's foundation until the end of 2007, has since shrunk at an annual rate of 1%.
So, although the Spanish government still has relatively little existing debts, it is now having to borrow like crazy to fill the gap left by the jump in unemployment benefits and collapse in tax revenues during the downturn.
And the government may also have to throw a lot more money at its banks, which are looking very exposed to the housing collapse thanks to all the mortgages they have lent.
All of which makes financial markets nervous about lending to Spain.
Inflate or devalue
But here is the nasty dilemma facing the incoming Spanish government.
To get out of its economic hole, Spanish workers need to regain their competitive edge. That will boost demand for Spanish output, and help the economy grow.
And a growing economy is one that can support a heavy debt load.
But how will they do this?
If workers agree to large wage cuts - which is unlikely unless unemployment rises even higher - they will find their mortgages even harder to repay.
So most Spaniards would spend less, and many might be unable to repay the banks, all of which would make the economic downturn even more severe.
On the other hand, if Spanish workers increase their wages, they will become even less competitive and lose even more business to their eurozone competitors.
There are two possible solutions.
First, German wages could rise much more quickly. That means Spaniards could regain a price advantage without having to take a wage cut.
To achieve this, the European Central Bank would probably need to raise its inflation target to a level higher than the current 2% rate. That is an absolute no-no at the ECB, particularly among its German members.
The alternative is that Spain could leave the euro and devalue the newly recreated peseta. Spanish wages would fall with the peseta's value, but so would their debts.
Leaving the euro would also largely eliminate the risk of the Spanish government running out of money, because the Spanish central bank would be free to bail it out - something the ECB has refused to do.
However, it is precisely the possibility of a break-up of the euro that now has financial markets most worried of all.
I posted a picture on Twitter last week of myself sitting alongside Aaron Rodgers not long after the Packers selected them in the first round of the draft nine years ago. I was Green Bay's vice president at the time, and the photo was snapped as we both put our signatures to their rookie contract. It drew quite a response from my followers, mostly due to the magnitude of the player but also in small part due to my haggard look from having stayed up most of the night negotiating the contract.
Yes, there was a time (prior to the 2011 CBA) when negotiating first-round contracts was taxing. Indeed, first-rounders were among the most leveraged players in the NFL, with striking guarantees early in the contract and exploding escalators on the backend. Under the new CBA, first-rounders are locked into preset four-year contracts and a fifth-year team option.
As a nod to first-round negotiations before 2011, when there were actually terms to hash out, I will share three stories, including Aaron's. Each involved important agent relationships, and each has an interesting twist beyond the numbers.
‘Sorry for your loss'
On the eve of training camp in 2004, I was settling in to negotiate the contract of our first-round pick, cornerback Ahmad Carroll, when player personnel director Mark Hatley stopped by my office. Mark was a friend to all, happy to lend a hand wherever they could. They asked if I needed anything before they headed out; I thanked them for the offer but said I was all set. They then left to play golf “for the last time,” meaning they wouldn't have time for anything outside of work once the grind of training camp set in. Those words linger ominously today, as that was the last time I saw Mark.
When Mark didn't arrive at their usual time or call in the next morning, their assistant Jeannie—a woman with a true sixth sense—knew something was wrong and feared for the worst. I remember driving over to their house hoping against hope, only to be greeted by a police officer in their driveway who stated matter-of-factly, “He passed.” At some point after golfing, Mark suffered a fatal heart attack.
Everyone was devastated, and the last thing I wanted to do was negotiate a first-round contract. Fortunately, Carroll's agent, Eugene Parker, was a longtime colleague who also knew Mark. Gene immediately called to say, “Andrew, don't you worry a second about Ahmad; we'll get that done whenever you're ready. Sorry for your loss.” After a few days of mourning, we quickly came to agree upon a reasonable contract. I believe you always learn a lot more about people in tough times rather than in good. I will never forget the compassion and professional courtesy Eugene showed during such a difficult time.
When will Brett retire?
The intersection of Brett Favre and Aaron Rodgers started in 2005 during Aaron's rookie contract negotiation. Mike Sullivan represented Aaron. Mike is an experienced and skilled negotiator who, a couple years ago, made the same switch I once made: going from the player side to a team's front office; they now work for the Denver Broncos and negotiates with agents.
Mike and I quickly negotiated the frontend of Aaron's contract, which was suitable for the 24th overall selection that year. Much more difficult, however, was the backend—performance escalators, incentives and upside. The challenge, of course, was not knowing when (or if) that upside would kick in, with the unanswerable question dominating the negotiation: “How long is Brett Favre going to play?”
I tried drafting language tying Aaron's performance arc to whenever Brett, identified only as “the Packers' starting quarterback,” would retire. Not surprisingly, the NFL rejected such a clause. Ultimately, after a late night negotiation session that left me looking zombie-like in the picture shown here, we agreed on a sliding scale of performance triggers. But as often happens, all of that negotiation was for naught, as that contract was torn up and replaced when Aaron took over as the starting quarterback in 2008. Never before (or ever again) did I have a negotiation in which one player (Brett) dominated discussion about another player's compensation (Aaron's).
A whole new neighborhood
While fortunate to have only experienced one losing season in my nine years in Green Bay, the 4-12 slog in 2005 put us in the unfamiliar position of picking fifth in the 2006 draft. When I started researching the market for the fifth pick, I began to sweat profusely. I was not very familiar with the neighborhood around No. 5, and what a pricey neighborhood it was!
Although Reggie Bush's representatives pleaded with us to trade up to No. 2 and take Bush (where New Orleans ultimately stayed and selected the running back), general manager Ted Thompson had their heart set on A.J. Hawk from Ohio State.
Hawk's agent, Mike McCartney—as reasonable an agent as there is—and I were able to negotiate a relatively normal (but highly expensive) contract without some of the elaborate bells and whistles that typically adorned many of the top-of-draft contracts. Even without those crazy terms, A.J.'s contract was still close to 50 pages, some of which became sweat-stained after A.J. picked up a pen to sign it shortly after one of their maniacal workouts.
First-round negotiations may never be what they once were, a fact that everyone seems to like except for players and their agents. Even with predetermined numbers, however, the experience is often more about the relationships formed, whether good or bad. As I often say about negotiations, it is the people, rather than numbers, that matter most.
In October, a DDoS attack on Dyn's infrastructure took down a big chunk of the internet, making sites like Amazon and Twitter inaccessible. It was the first major attack involving IoT (internet of things) devices. Fortunately, it was also a benign attack: no one got hurt, no one died.
However, the next attack could be catastrophic. No one knows when it will happen. No one knows the magnitude.
There are billions of IoT devices out there: web cameras, thermostats, doorbells, smart bulbs, refrigerators, heaters, ovens, and much more. IoT devices are low-hanging fruits for cybercriminals because for all theoretical and practical purposes a majority of these IoT devices are insecure by design, they are insecure by default. It should be called IIoT: insecure internet of things.
[ The InfoWorld review: 6 slick open source routers. ]
Enough whining, is there any solution?
Nowadays many security experts are debating if the government should intervene through regulations to prevent any doomsday scenarios. As far as regulations are concerned, not much is going to happen until Donald J. Trump takes over the office. Mr. Trump is quite conservative about federal regulations and has publicly stated that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated. In addition to that, trade organizations like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Consumer Technology Association are against any regulations, citing that it will hinder innovation.
Either way, whether the government moves toward the development of such regulations or not, regulations alone can't solve the problem. Technical solutions are needed. There are many technical and economic challenges when it comes to IoT security.
A majority of IoT vendors are hardware manufacturers who make money by selling more hardware. They come up with newer versions of devices on weekly basis. They don't have an incentive to support these devices once they are sold. At the same time, they also don't have any incentive to invest resources into making and keeping these devices secure. Software development, especially security, can be expensive when you are constantly chasing a moving target; cybercriminals are always a step ahead.
Security is not a one-night stand
Security isn't something that you can ship with your device and forget about. No software is immune to bugs, and as Linus Torvalds said, these bugs can become security issues and smart developers can exploit them for malicious purposes. Most IoT devices run on Linux and the Linux kernel community is doing an amazing job when it comes to security, they fix things immediately.
Greg Kroah Hartman, the leading kernel developer said during their keynote at Core OS Fest, "There are over 10,800 lines of code added, 5,300 lines of code removed and over 1,875 lines of code modified. Every. Single. Day. That amounts to over 8 changes per second." No other software project, including those by Apple and Microsoft can beat this speed of development.
That's where Kroah-Hartman gets upset with software and hardware vendors. Even if these patches and changes are there in the kernel, these fixes don't reach target devices. "If you make a product with Linux and you can't update it, or any piece of software, it's dead. The environment changes. We're in a world and the joke is: The only thing that's constant is change," they told me in an interview. "You have to design your system so it can update itself."
There are systems that offer automated updates to mitigate the security issue. These systems include Core OS, Chrome OS and even Android. But none of these systems are targeted at IoT devices.
Ubuntu Core enters the picture
Canonical, the parent company of Ubuntu has developed a free and open source operating system called Ubuntu Core, specifically for IoT devices. It's designed ground up with security and ease of maintenance in mind and it approaches IoT the way it should.
According to the IoT page of Ubuntu.com:
Ubuntu Core is a tiny, transactional version of Ubuntu for IoT devices and large container deployments. It runs a new breed of super-secure, remotely upgradeable Linux app packages known as snaps ‐ and it's trusted by leading IoT players, from chipset vendors to device makers and system integrators.
I spoke with Jamie Bennett, Engineering Manager, Snappy Ubuntu and they explained how Ubuntu Core works. Software on an Ubuntu Core system is distributed as a snap. This packaging format makes it super easy for an Independent Software Vendor (ISV) to deliver software to an Ubuntu Core device. The actual route an ISV has to take to fix a vulnerability is:
Fix the vulnerability in their code Use the snapcraft tool to create a new snap (which can also update a dependency within the snap, so if there is a vulnerability in any library they can easily upgrade their snap with the fixed version of that library) Upload this to the Ubuntu Store
"Afterward, all internet-connected Ubuntu Core devices will receive the update within 8hrs (we have a refresh mechanism on the device that checks for updates 4 times a day and downloads new versions of any software installed if it finds it in the Ubuntu Store). Note that this is the same for any software on the device, including Ubuntu Core itself. In a similar vein, if an OEM has their own software on the device they use the same mechanism to update their software too," said Bennett.
What it means is that the software component of the IoT device running Ubuntu Core will remain updated automatically, without any user or vendor intervention. In most cases, the devices won't even require a reboot, which means no downtime.
Could Ubuntu Core have avoided Dyn attack?
What if the devices involved in Dyn attack were running Ubuntu Core? Is it possible that Ubuntu Core could have prevented that attack?
"Yes, there are things that could have been done to prevent that particular attack, but the more important point is that we need to be able to learn and improve, and FIX issues on devices after they have shipped. That's the main improvement in Ubuntu Core, we can ALWAYS fix issues, on every device, almost entirely automatically," Mark Shuttleworth, the founder of Ubuntu and Canonical told me, "We cannot say that Ubuntu Core is immune to attack, but we can be very confident that any detected attack can be addressed quickly and globally through automatic updates."
Can Ubuntu Core thwart future attacks?
"Security is about vigilance and responsiveness. There is no up-front strategy to avoid future attacks, it's more important to be able to fix things quickly and reliably," said Shuttleworth. That's the crux. I see no reason for IoT vendors to no use systems like Ubuntu Core that offer optimum security and almost zero cost.
It ought to be super expensive
I hear you. But no. It's free of cost. Just like any other Ubuntu distribution, Ubuntu Core can be downloaded from the Ubuntu website today. "Canonical offers support and extra services around this product, just like we do with the Ubuntu Desktop and Server (and other products). If a vendor wanted to use Ubuntu Core there is no up-front charge," said Bennett.
Win-win situation
IoT vendors don't have to do any extra work than they are already doing. They don't have to invest in security or in system updates. "They can take a standard Linux system that a team of Canonical experts created and currently maintain, that is rigorously tested in-house, has security, updates, and rollback features baked in from the start, and has the ability to offer the OEM's customers a full application ecosystem on top, then that is pretty compelling," said Bennett. There is a clear incentive for OEMs. They don't have to worry about the software, the security and updates of the devices. They can focus on creating great devices that are more secure, robust and extensible. Which may translate into the sale of more devices.
Additionally, if such vendors do write any IoT-specific code and contribute that code as open source, they will benefit from each other's work by distributing and cutting the R&D and software development cost.
No matter how you look at it, it's a win-win situation.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
DVLA decision found to have backfired as figures show government has lost as much as eight times as it hoped to save
The government looks to have lost as much as £80m of revenue as a result of its decision to scrap car tax discs a year ago. The move has also led to a doubling in the number of unlicensed vehicles on British roads.
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) ended the need for drivers to display a valid tax disc in October 2014, saying that the move would save the taxpayer £10m a year by making the system more efficient. However, that decision looks to have backfired, after official figures published on Thursday showed that the exchequer has lost as much as eight times the intended saving.
An analysis of road users carried out in the summer showed that about 1.4% of vehicles were being driven without vehicle excise duty. This was up from just 0.6% two years ago, when a disc was still required. The Department for Transport (DfT) estimated that about 560,000 vehicles were untaxed. Motoring organisations claimed when the measures were announced that the abolition of the tax disc after 93 years – part of the government's purge on bureaucracy – would fail.
Not everyone will rejoice at the passing of the tax disc Read more
The move, which suffered a number of admin problems at the start, also led to thousands of innocent motorists having their cars clamped. Many of those who have not taxed their car may well have failed to receive official notices reminding them to get their tax renewed in the post. Under the old scheme, the tax disc provided a visual reminder when it was due. It was also easy for police to spot untaxed cars – something that it is no longer possible.
Last week it emerged that the DVLA had immobilised or towed away almost 100,000 cars in the past 12 months – a 58% rise on the previous year. It said it now posts almost 3m reminders each month, at considerable cost.
David Bizley, the RAC's chief engineer, said: “These are very worrying and disappointing statistics indeed. Sadly, the concerns we raised about the number of car tax evaders going up at the time the tax disc was confined to history have become a reality. We really cannot afford for this to increase again, for the sake of both road safety and the country's finances. Hopefully, much of the increase in evasion is due to the system being new, and these figures will reduce as motorists become more familiar with how it works.”
The DfT estimates the number of untaxed vehicles by carrying out a roadside survey every two years. Figures suggest that the loss to exchequer was £80m in the last year, up from £35m in 2013.
DVLA said it has always recognised the potential for the number of untaxed vehicles to rise “temporarily”, and that a significant chunk of the £80m would be recouped by pursuing tax evaders. Last year, it collected £33m through the process.
Oliver Morley, the DVLA's chief executive, said: “Almost 99% of all vehicles on the road are correctly taxed: that's around £6bn in vehicle tax passed to the Treasury every year. We write to every registered vehicle keeper in the UK to remind them when their tax is due, and we have introduced a range of measures to make vehicle tax easy to pay. At the same time, we are taking action against those who are determined to break the law.”
Google's push into the enterprise gained steam last week when the company finally launched Android for Work, a containerization platform and standalone app for older Android devices that lets IT administrators create separate corporate and personal workspaces on Android smartphones and tablets.
Android for Work is Google's latest attempt to address two of Android's most significant challenges for IT: security and fragmentation. The latest version of Android, v5.0, known as "Lollipop," now supports separate spheres for personal and work. Devices running older versions of the OS can access some of the same features in a separate Android for Work app.
Google is taking a partner-centric approach in hopes of encouraging more businesses to adopt Android for enterprise applications and protocols. To this end, the company partnered with many well-known enterprise mobility management (EMM) providers, including BlackBerry, Citrix, IBM, MobileIron, SAP, Soti and VMware.
[Related Feature: IT Execs Share Experiences With Google for Work]
After rolling out Android for Work, IT administrators publish enterprise apps to the Google Play Store through an EMM provider, and they can manage company data and applications on Android devices using a single console. Instead of trying to compete with established EMM or mobile device management (MDM) companies, Google embraced the tools and platforms that are already familiar to many IT professionals.
Android for Work 'Won't Create a Tipping Point'
Google seems to have finally acknowledged the importance of attracting enterprise customers to Android, but it's still in the early stages of laying its framework. Until recently, Google left the enterprise mobility features and apps to others, and Android for Work could ultimately prove to be too little, too late.
"Android for Work will move the needle slightly for Android in the enterprise, but it won't create a tipping point," says Forrester Analyst David Johnson.
The new product does address a few key pain points for CIOs and IT staff, according to Johnson.
Thinkstock
"Previously they would have to either deploy and maintain specialized, secure apps for common things like email, calendar and productivity, or invest in app wrapping or other device- and app-management approaches to strike the balance between usability and security," Johnson says.
Android for Work is designed to work with both corporate- and employee-owned devices, thereby enabling employees to use personal Android devices for work, but Johnson says some people and employers do not want total separation of work and personal data on their phones and tablets.
Employees may rest easily knowing IT staff can't snoop through their personal information, but many would rather not surrender complete control over their work-related documents, according to Johnson. "If they work on something they don't want to risk losing access to, they're either going to do that work on another device or find another way to ensure they won't lose access to it at the will of their employer later."
[Related Feature: Why Betting on Google is Risky Business for Enterprises]
Rajiv Taori, Citrix's vice president of product management in its mobile platforms group, says enterprises are hungry for capabilities that can help them achieve their mobility initiatives. (Citrix is one of Google's Android for Work partners.) They believe Google is making huge strides with Android for Work thanks to the new containerization offering.
Modern Workspace Requires Modern Mobility Tools
The traditional workspace is changing rapidly, and Android for Work is a manifestation of what Taori and others at Citrix call the "software-defined workspace."
"We want to make sure that people can be as productive and as effective doing their work no matter where they are, on any device that they might be on, on any network that they may be on," Taori says.
It is essential for IT to be able to isolate, secure and protect enterprise data, because employees can often access this information from any device, at any time, according to Taori. Android for Work's value proposition for both sets of primary stakeholders — IT staff and the individual users — are the new capabilities that allow them to be as productive on Android devices as they are when they're at the office, Taori says.
Google's comprehensive package "reduces the risk of fragmentation and makes it easier to accept Android into your enterprise," says Ryan Faas, mobile strategist at MobileIron, another Android for Work partner.
CAPE CANAVERAL, FL—A SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket carrying the Dragon spacecraft exploded 2 minutes and 20 seconds after liftoff from Launch Complex 40, at Cape Canaveral . An announcement was heard by the media on the causeway viewing location moments after we applauded the initial launch. The words “Vehicle Failure” echoed from the radios of nearby NASA personnel, followed by their alarmed and organized response. Media and other spectators were told to immediately return to the buses for departure back to the NASA News Center. This seemed to be a routine procedure in emergencies given that we were roughly 4 miles closer to the launch than any civilian viewing area.
“We appear to have had a launch vehicle failure,” said NASA spokesperson George Diller in what was the first official statement.” Back at the press site, News media and NASA's communication team scrambled to gather information on the incident before we finally get word of a news conference. “After liftoff, an anomaly occurred. SpaceX is evaluating the issue” said a bulletin immediately sent out by NASA that pushed back the regularly scheduled post-launch briefing.
SpaceX also tweeted immediately about the “Vehicle Failure” using similar language.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk followed up with a more detailed account:
Among the cargo stored in the Dragon Spacecraft was Microsoft's advanced Hololens technology and a biological experiment by a team of iSTEM 8th graders who are attempting to study composting using live worms.The spacecraft was carrying more than 4,000 pounds of food and supplies to the International Space Station, where American Astronaut Scott Kelly is living and working for one full year. In a response to concerns for the astronauts' dwindling supplies, NASA claimed they were “In good shape from a food standpoint and from a water standpoint.”
Cargo Resupply Services mission 7 was the ninth for the Dragon Cargo Spacecraft, and the seventh mission under the Cargo Resupply Services contract. Each of these missions has been personally supervised by Hans Koenigsmann, the Vice President of Mission Assurance for SpaceX. They have been assigned to lead the investigation into what the company is calling an “Unauthorized rapid disassembly of the airframe” following a “flight anomaly.”
“We're in an extraordinary position to find out what happened and get back to flight as soon as we safely and reliably can,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President of SpaceX. “We will pour even more effort into finding out every possible source in the future. This doesn't change our plans, we're very confident in our team, in our operations team and our technical team.”
NASA administrator Charles Bolden spoke generally about the difficulties and unpredictability of the undertaking, issuing a statement: “This is a reminder that spaceflight is an incredible challenge, but we learn from each success and each setback. Today's launch attempt will not deter us from our ambitious human spaceflight program.”
The mission failure comes two months after a Russian resupply mission lost contact and eventually spiraled back to earth, crashing and destroying its cargo. This will mark the third overall failure from a privately owned launch company providing services to the ISS. NASA's associate administrator for human exploration and operations, William Gerstenmaie, explained that these incidents show “The challenges facing engineering and the challenges facing spaceflight in general” and insisted that there was “no negligence here.” Regardless of the position of NASA and SpaceX, The Federal Aviation Administration has grounded all planned SpaceX launches pending a complete investigation.
Robin Seemangal focuses on NASA and advocacy for space exploration. They were born and raised in Brooklyn, where they currently reside.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a USA Thank You Tour event in Hershey, Pennsylvania, U.S., December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
In an unusually harsh piece in the Wall Street Journal published Tuesday night, the conservative paper equated Donald Trump's obsession with the idea that they were wiretapped by ex-President Barack Obama to a drunk with “an empty gin bottle.”
According to the Journal, Trump is in danger of becoming a “Fake president,” due to their promotion of what turns out to be “fake news,” seriously damaging their credibility.
“If President Trump announces that North Korea launched a missile that landed within 100 miles of Hawaii, would most Americans believe him? Would the rest of the world?” the editorial begins. “We're not sure, which speaks to the damage that Mr. Trump is doing to their Presidency with their seemingly endless stream of exaggerations, evidence-free accusations, implausible denials and other falsehoods.”
Noting the president's failure to admit that they have no evidence of wiretapping, the Journal goes on to say that, not only is they destroying their credibility, but the credibility of their spokes people.
“Yet the President clings to their assertion like a drunk to an empty gin bottle, rolling out their press spokesperson to make more dubious claims. Sean Spicer—who doesn't deserve this treatment—was dispatched last week to repeat an assertion by a Fox News commentator that perhaps the Obama Administration had subcontracted the wiretap to British intelligence.”
Looking back at the 2016 presidential campaign, the piece notes that no one who saw Trump during the 2016 campaign should be surprised.
“All of this continues the pattern from the campaign that Mr. Trump is their own worst political enemy. They survived their many false claims as a candidate because their core supporters treated it as mere hyperbole and their opponent was untrustworthy Hillary Clinton,” it continues. “But now he's President, and they need support beyond the Breitbart cheering section that will excuse anything. As they are learning with the health-care bill, Mr. Trump needs partners in their own party to pass their agenda. They also need friends abroad who are willing to trust them when they ask for support, not least in a crisis.”
“Two months into their Presidency, Gallup has Mr. Trump's approval rating at 39%. No doubt Mr. Trump considers that fake news, but if they don't show more respect for the truth most Americans may conclude he's a fake President,” it concludes.
You can read the whole thing here.
Remastering The Mythos: Questions For Ruthanna Emrys
Winter Tide by Ruthanna Emrys Hardcover, 366 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
When Ruthanna Emrys first read H.P. Lovecraft's classic story "The Shadow Over Innsmouth," they already knew the basics: It's about a creepy New England harbor town populated by strange, froggy-looking people who turn out to be monstrous, sacrificing humans to their dark gods under the sea.
"But I was shocked when the story started with a government raid that sends the frog-monster people to concentration camps," Emrys tells me in an email conversation. "It wasn't that Lovecraft themselves could write this as [much as] that for almost 80 years, people had read this story and sympathized with the protagonist who calls down that raid. My own sympathy was squarely with the interned frog-monsters," they add.
That shock and sympathy formed the seed of a short story called "The Litany of Earth," featuring Aphra Marsh, an Innsmouth survivor, still recovering from their losses and making a life for themselves in late-1940s San Francisco. In their new novel, Winter Tide, Emrys continues Aphra's story as they grapple with working for the same government that killed them family.
"All literature is in conversation, but playing in someone else's sandbox puts you in a much more intense conversation. There's a responsibility, both to speak meaningfully about things that people have been talking about for decades, and to speak beyond those things," Emrys says. "In Winter Tide, I wanted to talk about how we rebuild community after genocide, and how rebuilt community is always changed from what we had before. And I wanted to talk about all those readers over the years who didn't question the Deep One concentration camps.
The flip side of these darker inspirations is that Lovecraft's Mythos is a big sandbox, with stars for grains of sand. It's full of incomprehensibly strange life, and civilizations that rise and fall over aeons. I wanted to write someone who wasn't terrified of that strangeness, who found the vast existential gulfs between stars comforting"
How did you think about making your story accessible to non-Lovecraft readers?
I tried to treat the Mythos as I would a world of my own devising, and help readers pick things up from context. ... I always have at least one first reader who reads no Lovecraft at all, along with someone who hates their work, and someone who loves it and knows all the trivia.
I tried to treat the Mythos as I would a world of my own devising, and help readers pick things up from context. It's not fundamentally different from a wholly original world — or from historical fiction or any other genre where you start writing in a furnished room. It's not fundamentally easier either, and I went through a lot of iterations. I always have at least one first reader who reads no Lovecraft at all, along with someone who hates their work, and someone who loves it and knows all the trivia.
One advantage was that Lovecraft seems to trickle into the popular consciousness the same way that Star Trek or Pride and Prejudice do. People know the basics even if they'd never be caught dead reading/watching that thing. During the election a major paper had an editorial from the point of view of Cthulhu, expressing Their opinion of the candidates, and I thought, well, I guess I'll be okay.
What do you say to people who don't want anything to do with the Mythos, because of Lovecraft's documented racism and sexism?
I think that's perfectly reasonable, honestly. Those prejudices are part of the Mythos's bones, and I would never argue with someone who found that too painful or unpleasant to be worth reading.
That said, a lot of modern writers deal head-on with Lovecraft's bigotry. If you think you might enjoy things that would make [Lovecraft] spin in their grave, Victor LaValle's Ballad of Black Tom, Matt Ruff's Lovecraft Country, and Kij Johnson's Dream Quest of Vellitt Boe are highly enjoyable both as posthumous gyroscope production and as stories in their own rights.
Alternatively, if you want foundational mindbending horror but never want to think about Cthulhu, I can't do better than to recommend Robert Chambers's King in Yellow cycle. They basically invented the forbidden tome that messes with your mind and morality. They also appear to have had about the same politics as H.G. Wells, and their stories are full of razor-sharp social satire.
You've said the Yith are your favorite Lovecraft creations – why? Tell us a little about them and their role in this story.
The Yith are from Lovecraft's "The Shadow Out of Time." A professor wakes from a five-year fugue to discover that during those lost years, they suffered a drastic personality change and drove away their entire family. They start to recover memories of living in a very alien body in the distant past, conversing with other "captive minds" and writing memoirs for their alien captors. The Yith forcibly exchange minds over vast spans of space and time, and through this means document every species that lives and thrives and goes extinct in the history of the solar system.
So they're basically cosmic librarians who will ruin your life — in exchange for preserving the intimate details of your existence for aeons to come. As far as deals with the devil go, that's pretty damn tempting!
For Lovecraft, I think the Yith embodied the vertigo of cultural relativism: Your species will be remembered after they're dust, but you have to admit that they'll eventually fall to dust — and that their accomplishments are trivial on a cosmic scale. For me, the core fascination is this paradoxical conflict of cultural respect and destruction. The Yith preserve the legacy of species that would otherwise be forgotten, culture and language and precious hidden truths. They're Humboldt's Parrot on a grand scale. But the cost is huge. Whole species never get to have histories, because when the Yith hit an extinction event, they pull a mass mental exchange, take over the bodies of the next species up that looks good, and send the displaced minds back to face extinction in their place.
Lovecraft tries frequently for ideas that are simultaneously attractive and repulsive. They frequently fail, because they were repulsed by so many things. But with the Yith, they nail it.
I loved the image of the Innsmouth matriarchs with their bowls of salt water, running the household and keeping everything ritually correct. How much of the worldbuilding is ol' H.P., and how much is you?
For Lovecraft, the Deep Ones stood for the scariness of interracial breeding, or of having mental illness run in your family, or of people who don't speak English, or all of the above. They didn't really bother to give them family traditions. So the cultural worldbuilding is all me.
All literature is in conversation, but playing in someone else's sandbox puts you in a much more intense conversation. There's a responsibility, both to speak meaningfully about things that people have been talking about for decades, and to speak beyond those things.
"Shadow Over Innsmouth" does contain a pitch-perfect (if not very self-conscious) depiction of blood libel. Suspicious outsiders declaim, with great confidence, about how the Innsmouth natives sacrifice children and have concourse with devilish monsters. Sound familiar? Partly through deconstructing backwards from these to-me-obvious lies, and partly just because of my own background, their culture ended up with similarities to Judaism. The home-based spiritual practice that compliments the temple-based one, that's very much a funhouse reflection of my own experience. Little everyday customs, like saving tears in a jar of salt water to bring back to the ocean, color how Aphra sees the world.
What do you want people to take away from your story?
I never know quite how to answer that question — whatever I want people to take away, I don't want them to go in thinking, oh, Ruthanna wants me to see X. My editor Carl Engle-Laird said, "Winter Tide provides me with both hope and grim determination to survive and prosper in the face of hatred." I could do worse than to want that for my readers.
You're currently running the Lovecraft Reread on Tor.com – can you recommend a good place to start for newbies?
From Lovecraft's own oeuvre, "Pickman's Model," gives a good feel for their strengths without falling too deeply into their failings. Jumping to the modern stuff, Elizabeth Bear's "Shoggoths in Bloom" and Sarah Monette's The Bone Key tell tight, psychologically intense stories that engage with issues Lovecraft shied away from.
I also asked my co-blogger Anne Pillsworth for recommendations. They write in the small but delightful subgenre of Lovecraftian YA — I recommend their Redemption's Heir series if you like kids scrambling to control magic, deals with gods who are Dangerous to Know, and parents who aren't complete idiots. Anne says:
"Call of Cthulhu" could be good for people already conversant in science fiction and fantasy, since they're used to entering strange new worlds, and accept not understanding everything at once. For an easier gateway to the central canon, "The Dunwich Horror" has the semi-naive Armitage at its heart, plus that wonderful excerpt from the Necronomicon, which pretty much lays out the Mythosian credo of OTHERS WHO WANT TO COME BACK.
Since Anne thoughtfully considers which stories ease you into the pool, I'll close by heading for the deep end and recommend one of Lovecraft's collaborations with Hazel Heald. "Out of the Aeons" is a wild ride with lots of chewy cosmic ideas, secret pre-human history, extraterrestrial document forgery, a genuinely creepy central conceit, and internecine museum politics. It uses the word "cyclopean" eleven times. It's fun. It reminds me why I still read Lovecraft — even aside from their ability to irritate me, oyster-like, into producing stories of my own.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Iowa could be the third US state to outlaw gay conversion therapy now a bill to ban it has advanced.
A state Senate subcommittee advanced a bill on Tuesday that would ban practitioners from providing the therapy to minors.
After hearing the testimonies, senators voted 2-1 to advance the bill to a full committee hearing.
Many medical groups in the US have denounced the controversial therapy.
Denise Hagerla, a licensed independent social worker who testified at the hearing on Tuesday, said: “I've met many adults now who, when they were children, their families were engaged to say homophobic slurs to them, to call them terrible things, to affirm their worst fears that they will not have a family, that they're heathens, that they're not somebody who God has chosen to love because of who they are.
If the bill were implemented it would ban practitioners from providing a service to convert gay people under the age of 18 into straight people. The bill would also authorise disciplinary action by the licensing entities overseeing the practitioners who provide the therapy.
Bans have already passed in California, New Jersey and in Washington DC.
Those speaking against the bill stated that it was up to the parents to decide what was best for their children.
Danny Carroll, a lobbyist for The Family Leader, a religious organisation, said: “I don't think anyone cares more about the health and well-being of those children than parents. We believe that parents should be free to pursue professional medical care for their children that they believe to be in the best long-term interest of their kids without any interference from government.”
Recently, a New Jersey judge ruled that gay conversion therapy was consumer fraud. Judge Peter Bariso Jr. said the idea that homosexuality was a disorder is outdated.
Last year, nine former leaders of the conversion therapy movement backed a campaign to ban the practice. The former leaders wrote a letter saying they knew the “terrible emotional and spiritual damage” it can cause gay people.
Divide-and-Rule is an old British sport. Once, Winston Churchill warned Indians against following Mahatma Gandhi on the grounds that Gandhi represented the Indian poor less reliably than did Churchill himself. Now comes William Dalrymple, who in their review of Pankaj Mishra's An End to Suffering: The Buddha in the World (Outlook, November 8) instructs us on which Indian writers we may trust and which not. They thus dismisses "the St Stephen's mafia and the Doon School diaspora" who presume to "lecture the world about South Asia from the sanitised safety of an East Coast campus". These elitists, says Dalrymple, must bow down before writers born in the mofussil who (in their colourful phrase) know the "grim reality of the boondocks of Bihar".
Born to privilege, you cannot understand India; reared in a humble home, you must. This is Dalrymple's thesis, to buttress which they offer two names: Sunil Khilnani and Pankaj Mishra.  They are pretty vicious about Khilnani, possibly in retaliation to a piece where their nemesis wittily described Dalrymple as having invented a new genre: 'Bollywood history'. But the fact is that, whatever their class origins, Khilnani has given us The Idea of India, which illuminates India's modern history more wonderfully than any other work of literature or scholarship.
Which shouldn't surprise us. For it is how a writer tackles their subject that is important, not where they studied or lives. Orwell went to Eton yet wrote with insight about the British working class; was an Indian police officer yet exposed the underbelly of imperialism. Birth in Brahmin homes didn't prevent Mahasweta Devi or Shivarama Karanth from writing with searing honesty about the iniquities of caste.
Dalrymple's argument is mischievous as well as wrong-headed. Their dig at the 'Doon School diaspora' is calculated to stimulate prejudice and envy among their readers, sentiments that would quickly disappear were the category made more specific. For the major diasporic writers who studied at the Doon School are Vikram Seth and Amitav Ghosh. Both have displayed in good measure the writerly qualities Dalrymple says they prize: honesty, hard experience, intelligence and learning. (As well as others they do not consider: such as intellectual ambition, linguistic skill, and the ability to reach inside and understand a culture not your own.) No one who reads From Heaven Lake or In an Antique Land would know—or if they did, should care—that its author studied at an elite public school. If the school is relevant, it is only in the sense that Seth and Ghosh have so completely moved beyond the social biases commonly associated with it.
I wonder if Dalrymple has considered the larger implications of their argument. If artistic merit is merely derivative of social class, then perhaps Satyajit Ray's films should all be junked. And if you are more honest the more modest your beginnings, then Laloo Prasad Yadav must be a more trustworthy politician than (say) Jawaharlal Nehru.
The Dalrymple thesis is also less than fair to its presumed beneficiaries. Pankaj Mishra now divides their time between London and New York. Since they are no longer a mofussil writer, must we then take their writing less seriously? Of course not. As before, we must judge their work only on the basis of what they write and how they write.
It's a bit rich to be lectured on what constitutes good scholarship by one whose own knowledge of this country is so superficial. For Dalrymple is no Verrier Elwin or Jean Dreze, a Western-born writer steeped in the culture, politics of the people they might critically write about. Their writings on India are littered with errors. Thus the City of Djinns claims that the novelist Ahmed Ali desperately wanted to return to Delhi from Karachi, but was prevented by the Government of India from doing so. In fact, the borders were porous for several years after Partition, and many Muslims—Communist Sajjad Zaheer and classical vocalist Bade Ghulam Ali Khan among them—moved back after initially migrating to Pakistan. Again, in a recent essay in the Financial Times, Dalrymple claimed that the Indian Council of Historical Research was the desi equivalent of the British Academy. This is either a gratuitous insult to the British Academy or, more likely, betrays an ignorance of two intellectual cultures, one ours, the other their own.
To the evidence of print I might be allowed to add a personal anecdote. When I first met Dalrymple, it soon became clear that this 'India expert' did not know who Dr B.R. Ambedkar was. Yet the media allows them to set themselves up as the arbiter of literary taste in India. I suppose it is this combination of (their) arrogance and (our) deference that encouraged the British to claim an empire. It seems worth remembering that they also lost one.
ramguha@vsnl.com
SFU is the first Canadian university to accept the international digital currency, Bitcoin, in its bookstores.
SFU has partnered with Bitsent to place automated Bitcoin vending machines (AVMs) in the Burnaby, Surrey, and Vancouver campuses, unveiling the AVMs at ribbon cutting ceremonies on Tuesday, May 26 through to Thursday, May 28.
At the ribbon cutting event in Burnaby on Tuesday — where students were treated to a $5 gift card with any $20 purchase at least partially using Bitcoin — Mark McLaughlin, executive director of SFU's Ancillary Services, explained that this will allow students to try out Bitcoin, and explore a new technology.
“For us at the bookstore, it's about SFU being a bold and innovative university,” they said. “We're giving students the opportunity to try it out on a small scale.”
SFU had previously made the news as being the first Canadian university to accept Bitcoins for donations last September. McLaughlin credited student initiative as the reason that SFU was willing to give Bitcoin a chance, noting the drive of the SFU Bitcoin Club.
“Students really persisted,” they said. “[The SFU Bitcoin Club] have been working hard at this, they've been working with us, they've been pushing us, and we want to respond to students. We're here for students and we want to inspire them.
“A lot of students coming to SFU nowadays are passionate and want to change the world. Well, maybe through Bitcoin, they'll be able to change the world.”
“For us at the bookstore, it's about SFU being a bold and innovative university.” Mark McLaughlin, SFU Ancillary Services, executive director
As a decentralized digital currency, Bitcoin allows instantaneous transactions without the need for a debit or credit card, and is not held or regulated by any bank. For vendors, Bitcoin has fewer fees to process than for debit or credit cards.
“[Bitcoin] kind of makes you want to rethink about the concept of money, why it has value,” said SFU Bitcoin Club president Mike Leung, who founded the club in 2013. “Bitcoin has a lot of benefits over traditional currency and how it's used.”
A student can purchase Bitcoins by downloading an app on their phone called a digital wallet. With the wallet, students can put cash into the AVM — which has a six percent processing fee, two percent going to SFU, with the rest going to Bitsent — and receive the equivalent amount in Bitcoin. One Bitcoin, as of Thursday, May 27, is worth around $295 Canadian, but they can be purchased in fractions.
The nature of the Bitcoin means that its value can fluctuate in comparison to physical currencies, meaning that there is both a risk of devaluation for long term investors, and a possibility for investment — in November 2013, one Bitcoin reached an all-time high price of $1,242 USD.
However, Bitsent founder Leo Dominguez explained that the volatility of Bitcoin is currently low enough that one can purchase Bitcoin and spend it without worrying about it devaluing between the time you hit the AVM and head to the checkout.
“Unless you're holding the Bitcoin for several days, weeks, or months, you're not exposed to the volatility,” they noted.
SFU is not taking any chances, though. Any purchase made in Bitcoin is immediately converted into Canadian dollars by the payment processor Bitpay.
McLaughlin sees the potential for other Ancillary Services establishments, such as SFU's coffee shops, to adopt Bitcoin as well, if the bookstore's acceptance of Bitcoin is a success. However, they are adamant that there no plan to accept Bitcoin for tuition, despite student — and particularly international student — interest.
“Bitcoin is really brand new. These things take time to work through the system, and we'll see. Bitcoin's here today, might be gone in a year, we don't know,” McLaughlin said. “Right now, within the bookstore, [it's] just to create a little environment so students can really test it out and see for themselves.”
VANCOUVER -- Goaltender Andrew Hammond has fans cheering as they lead the Ottawa Senators into an unlikely Stanley Cup Playoff race, but back in their hometown that same 6-0-1 run to start their NHL career has been especially emotional for their former goalie coach.
"It's brought me to tears just because I know how close they were to quitting," said Sean Murray, who has worked with Hammond for 17 years as an owner and coach of Pro-Formance Goalie School and Development Center in Vancouver and its suburbs. "Now seeing them have this success and just knowing how good of a kid they are, it's gotten me twice."
Maybe that's because Hammond came close to quitting on two separate occasions.
Ottawa Senators goalie Andrew Hammond nearly quit the sport twice in their junior days; now their 6-0-1 start in the NHL has their old coaches brimming with pride. (Photo: Jonathan Kozub/NHLI) Ottawa Senators goalie Andrew Hammond nearly quit the sport twice in their junior days; now their 6-0-1 start in the NHL has their old coaches brimming with pride.
The first came when they were cut from the Alberni Valley Bulldogs in the British Columbia Hockey League after one junior-A game in 2006-07. Hammond was ready to hang up their goalie gear, but after a call from their junior-B coach Aldo Bruno, decided to return to the Grandview Steelers.
"Aldo said, 'Forget all of that stuff, is it the game of hockey you are falling out of love with or is it a bad experience standing in your way?'" said Pasco Valana, the president and a coach at Elite Goalies Canada. "Aldo turned their mind around and gave them an opportunity to play and they played well."
Hammond earned another shot in the BCHL the following season with their hometown Surrey Eagles, but was traded midseason to the Vernon Vipers, a six-hour drive away. They were ready to quit again.
"He said, 'You know what, I'm just going to go to school. I don't really need this,'" Murray said. "I remember that conversation when they were going to quit, and Pasco and I both told him, 'Don't, you have time, just give it one more year.' Thankfully they did."
The next season was Hammond's last of junior eligibility and they went into it without any next-step options. But they led the Vipers to the RBC Cup, Canada's junior-A championship, with a .949 save percentage in the playoffs and a 2-0 shutout in the final game, after which Hammond's commitment to Bowling Green University became a full-ride scholarship. After completing four years of NCAA hockey, Hammond signed with the Senators as a free agent in 2013.
So what is allowing them to have such immediate success in the NHL? How does a 27-year-old goaltender with a .905 save percentage over parts of two American Hockey League seasons, and 35 minutes of previous NHL relief experience last season, post a .957 save percentage in their first seven starts in the NHL this season?
There are several factors, but Murray and Valana, who each still work with Hammond in the summer and have been in touch with them during this remarkable run, believe mental strength plays a big role. Hammond has always thought and read the game well and wouldn't be the first goaltender to find the NHL easier in some ways because plays develop more predictably than in the minor leagues.
"It's more structured; you can read the game," Murray said. "Yes, the shooters are better if they get a 1-on-1 shot, but the defensive structure is that much better. It is not as scrambled and you are not jumping around as much. If you have good crease management you are within inches of every save, and Andrew has that ability."
Of course, as Valana points out, NHL shooters are better at exploiting any mistake that leaves them an extra inch, but Hammond has long been a goalie who recognizes how to take away that space.
"His work ethic is incredible from the neck up," said Valana, who worked with Hammond as a preteen and reconnected in the summer before that final season of junior eligibility. "He understands the goalie sense part of it and they recognize situations, not just where a threat is, but what hand that guy who might receive the pass shoots with. They really understand the most dangerous players and what options they have. That's where their strength really lies."
Hammond manages their crease well and economizes their movements, rarely getting caught so far out on one side of a play that they can't recover back to the other.  They are not a big goalie (6-foot-1), but they understand vertical angles and the differences between what a shooter sees and how much space they really have, and when the time comes they aren't afraid to go outside the box.
"The way they read and anticipates plays is phenomenal, but their battle after the save, they just doesn't give up on pucks," Murray said. "Even when there is no chance, he's not so over-structured that they won't just throw out something, even go old-school. He's got save selections that are unique, and when they need to he'll throw athletic saves out that maybe aren't technically perfect, but they get the job done."
Hammond will even use their glove to trap pads against their left pad, a save that very few outside of Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne make on purpose, but one that keeps their team from chasing extra rebounds off the pads.
"He's deceivingly quick too," Valana said, pointing to a relaxed upper body that doesn't get locked up tight in blocking mode.
Valana said mental conditioning is a reason Hammond won't get too caught up in their early success. Like a golfer who refers to the next shot as their most important, Hammond is good at filtering noise and focusing on their next shot.
"He was exposed to a mental training coach at Bowling Green who said something very powerful that stuck in their head, and it was just, 'NS, NS, NS: Next shot, next save, next stop,'" Valana said.
It's easy to say but harder to do, especially with the entire NHL focusing in on such a remarkable start to your career and a previously unthinkable playoff run suddenly possible. Neither Valana nor Murray think that will be a problem for Hammond, in part because they were once so close to none of this happening in the first place.
"Everything now is gravy; they were going to quit," Murray said. "This is all a bonus, so the extra pressure that some goalies feel because maybe they have a better pedigree is gone. He's already won."
Several years ago, I built my first scanner camera. The idea was simple: I would use an ordinary flatbed scanner with a homemade large-format camera. The camera would focus the image onto the scanner bed in place of photo paper or film. I expected this to be a quick little art project made with a cardboard box, the cheapest flatbed scanner I could find, and lots of duct tape.
A scanner's image sensor captures a scene slowly, line by line. But when I got it all to work, the results were wonderful.
Stationary objects photographed normally, but moving objects appeared twisted and distorted into fascinating shapes. At first I thought there was something wrong with my contraption, but then I realized that the movement of the scan head was meshing with the movement in the recorded scene.
The distortion is similar to the effect created by moving an original on a photocopier mid-copy, but extended into the real world.
Making and using a scanner camera is a lot of fun as a technical exercise, but more importantly to me, it provides an interesting photographic perspective on time and movement.
Here's how to build 2 versions: a simple cardboard-and-duct-tape one that keeps the scanner intact, and a warranty-voider version that's more portable and flexible, and takes sharper pictures.
Christie, R. & Geis, F. (1970) "Studies in Machiavellianism". NY: Academic Press.
This is an interactive version of the MACH-IV test of Machiavellianism.Niccolò Machiavelli was an Italian politician and philosopher in the Renaissance who is famous for their advocacy of political ethics that views effectiveness as more important that morality.  They are the source of the phrase "the ends justify the means".In the 1960s, social psychologists Richard Christie and Florence L. Geis collected statements from Machiavelli's writings and asked people how much they agreed with each. From their research they concluded that Machiavellianism exists as a distinct personality trait. They published the MACH-IV to measure this trait in 1970 and it has been a popular instrument ever since and correlates with many things The test consists of twenty items. Each item is a statement that you must indicate how accurate it would be when applied to you. It should take 2 - 5 minutes to complete.This test is offered for educational interest use only. It is not a substitute for psychological help of any kind and should not be used to inform any real life decisions. Anonymous data collected from this test will be stored and possibly used for research or otherwise distributed.
Bitcoin Kogarah Technology Centre Showcases Robotics and Blockchains
The Australian bank Westpac had showcased its technology centre at Kogarah in Sydney last week. The local Financial Review (AFR) reported that the financial-service provider continues to promote blockchain technology. Not only does the legacy institution believe in distributed ledgers they are also pretty fascinated with artificial intelligence helping the process.
Also read: AirTM Currency Conversion Success Hinges on Bitcoin Integration
Westpac's Kogarah Technology Centre
The first thing the corporate firm gave insight to during the event was a robot named Tess (Test Enabling Super Simulator) in the hour-long discussion about technology and blockchains. The bank's chief information officer Dave Curran showed off the robot, which performed regression testing. The task is the process of finding issues in software and introduce a fix without causing further problems with the codes operations. The bank details that Tess executes thirty days of human testers in a three-day period. Then, Curran explained the importance of blockchain technology to staff and board members. Westpac's Curran states:
“Blockchain is a technology that is clearly disruptive, but what it will be we don't know. We do know that $970 million has been spent on blockchain by fintech.”
Westpac is Australia's largest asset holding bank and wants to hold a place in this emerging technology race towards the future. Many believe blockchains will have a significant role by saving finance management firms substantial costs by removing intermediaries.
In the summer of 2015 Westpac and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia said they were testing out the Ripple Labs protocol for payment processing services. It was also mentioned that Bitcoin's blockchain was not chosen due to concerns about regulation.
Recently, the bank's general manager Rachel Slade also had positive things to say about distributed ledger technology and thought it was very possible for it to give the region benefits. Slade said, “The solution we've developed is faster than other alternatives in the market today, providing same or next-day payment. This technology could be very beneficial to all Australians, providing a low-cost and fast method of sending low-value payments overseas.”
In December 2015, Westpac became the 43rd bank to join in with R3's blockchain consortium. Now, at the technology centre at Kogarah, Curran says 2016 will be a “big delivery year” for the financial institution. Tess will be testing new software and helping out with updates in certain technical protocol implemented within the company.
Curran ended the showing to their staff and board — which also consisted of members from IBM, Infosys, and Tata Consultancy — by saying the bank is taking a modern approach to finances. The financial service provider seems very interested in these technologies and wants to take a lead in research and development. The technology centre at Kogarah is a proven testament to the bank's hunger for fintech, and blockchains are playing an important role within the industry. With blockchain technology, Westpac believes the protocol has the potential to lower infrastructure costs and make international payments faster. To the Australian bank, robots and distributed ledgers working as a team may be the solution.
What do you think about Westpac's interest in robots and blockchains? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of Pixbay, Shutterstock, and Wiki Commons
I have heard that on one occasion the Blessed One was staying near Rajagaha in the Bamboo Grove, the Squirrels' Sanctuary. Then early in the morning the Blessed One, having put on their robes and carrying their bowl and outer robe, went into Rajagaha for alms. Kassapa-the-clothless[1] ascetic saw them coming from afar. On seeing him, they went to them and, on arrival, exchanged courteous greetings with him. After an exchange of friendly greetings & courtesies, they stood to one side. As they were standing there, they said to the Blessed One, "We would like to question Master Gotama about a certain point, if they would take the time to answer our question."
"This is not the time for a question, Kassapa. We have entered among houses."
A second time... A third time Kassapa the clothless ascetic said to him, "We would like to question Master Gotama about a certain point, if they would take the time to answer our question."
"This is not the time for a question, Kassapa. We have entered among houses."
When this was said, Kassapa the clothless ascetic said, "What we want to ask isn't much."
"Then ask as you like."
"Master Gotama, is stress self-made?"
"Don't say that, Kassapa."
"Then is it other-made?"
"Don't say that, Kassapa."
"Then is it both self-made and other-made?"
"Don't say that, Kassapa."
"Then is it the case that stress, being neither self-made nor other-made, arises spontaneously?"
"Don't say that, Kassapa."
"Then does stress not exist?"
"It's not the case, Kassapa, that stress does not exist. Stress does exist."
"Well, in that case, does Master Gotama not know or see stress?"
"Kassapa, it's not the case that I don't know or see stress. I know stress. I see stress."
"Now, when asked, 'Is stress self-made?' you say, 'Don't say that, Kassapa.' When asked, 'Then is it other-made?' you say, 'Don't say that, Kassapa.' When asked, 'Then is it both self-made and other-made?' you say, 'Don't say that, Kassapa.' When asked, 'Then is it the case that stress, being neither self-made nor other-made, arises spontaneously?' you say, 'Don't say that, Kassapa.' When asked, 'Then does stress not exist?' you say, 'It's not the case, Kassapa, that stress does not exist. Stress does exist.' When asked, 'Well, in that case, does Master Gotama not know or see stress?' you say, 'Kassapa, it's not the case that I don't know or see stress. I know stress. I see stress.' Then explain stress to me, lord Blessed One. Teach me about stress, lord Blessed One!"
"'The one who acts is the one who experiences [the result of the act]' amounts to the eternalist statement, 'Existing from the very beginning, stress is self-made.' 'The one who acts is someone other than the one who experiences'[2] amounts to the annihilationist statement, 'For one existing harassed by feeling, stress is other-made.' Avoiding these two extremes, the Tathagata teaches the Dhamma via the middle:
From ignorance as a requisite condition come fabrications.
From fabrications as a requisite condition comes consciousness.
From consciousness as a requisite condition comes name-&-form.
From name-&-form as a requisite condition come the six sense media.
From the six sense media as a requisite condition comes contact.
From contact as a requisite condition comes feeling.
From feeling as a requisite condition comes craving.
From craving as a requisite condition comes clinging/sustenance.
From clinging/sustenance as a requisite condition comes becoming.
From becoming as a requisite condition comes birth.
From birth as a requisite condition, then aging & death, sorrow, lamentation, pain, distress, & despair come into play. Such is the origination of this entire mass of stress & suffering.
"Now from the remainderless fading & cessation of that very ignorance comes the cessation of fabrications. From the cessation of fabrications comes the cessation of consciousness. From the cessation of consciousness comes the cessation of name-&-form. From the cessation of name-&-form comes the cessation of the six sense media. From the cessation of the six sense media comes the cessation of contact. From the cessation of contact comes the cessation of feeling. From the cessation of feeling comes the cessation of craving. From the cessation of craving comes the cessation of clinging/ sustenance. From the cessation of clinging/sustenance comes the cessation of becoming. From the cessation of becoming comes the cessation of birth. From the cessation of birth, then aging & death, sorrow, lamentation, pain, distress, & despair all cease. Such is the cessation of this entire mass of stress & suffering."
When this was said, Kassapa the clothless ascetic said, "Magnificent, lord! Magnificent! Just as if they were to place upright what was overturned, to reveal what was hidden, to show the way to one who was lost, or to carry a lamp into the dark so that those with eyes could see forms, in the same way has the Blessed One — through many lines of reasoning — made the Dhamma clear. I go to the Blessed One for refuge, to the Dhamma, and to the community of monks. Let me obtain the going forth in the Blessed One's presence, let me obtain admission."
"Anyone, Kassapa, who has previously belonged to another sect and who desires the going forth & admission in this doctrine & discipline, must first undergo probation for four months. If, at the end of four months, the monks feel so moved, they give them the going forth & admit them to the monk's state. But I know distinctions among individuals in this matter."
"Lord, if that is so, I am willing to undergo probation for four years. If, at the end of four years, the monks feel so moved, let them give me the going forth & admit me to the monk's state."
Then Kassapa the clothless ascetic obtained the going forth in the Blessed One's presence, they obtained admission. And not long after their admission — dwelling alone, secluded, heedful, ardent, & resolute — they in no long time reached & remained in the supreme goal of the holy life, for which clansmen rightly go forth from home into homelessness, knowing & realizing it for themselves in the here & now. They knew: "Birth is ended, the holy life fulfilled, the task done. There is nothing further for the sake of this world." And thus Ven. Kassapa became another one of the arahants."
SAN FRANCISCO ― One of President Donald Trump's first major executive actions on immigration policy is facing massive political blowback and will almost certainly crash and burn under the Constitution once courts begin to scrutinize the fine print.
During a visit to the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday, Trump signed an executive order aimed at strong-arming so-called “sanctuary cities” into cooperating fully with their efforts to ramp up deportations. Threatening loss of federal funding and using shaming tactics for localities that refuse to comply, the order is styled as a call to obey existing immigration laws ― even though immigration experts and civil liberties groups are doubtful Trump even has the constitutional authority to enforce it.
Independent of the ultimate legality of the executive order, politicians from those sanctuary cities say they aren't budging, and legal advocacy groups are gearing up for the coming legal fight.
The president is “in for one hell of a fight,” California state Sen. Scott Weiner (D), who represents San Francisco, said in a statement.
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh (D) said their city “will not retreat one inch” from its policy against holding undocumented immigrants it otherwise would not hold based on requests from Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said their city “will not be intimidated by the authoritarian message coming from this administration.” San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee (D) said “nothing has changed” in their city, noting the lack of specifics in Trump's order.
“We are going to fight this, and cities and states around the country are going to fight this,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) said at a press conference Wednesday.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (D) already began hinting at a legal challenge, releasing a statement that Trump lacks the constitutional authority for their executive order and that they will do “everything in [his] power” to push back if the president does not rescind it.
Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson (D) also warned of potential legal challenges to come, saying in a statement that the order “raises significant legal issues that my office will be investigating closely to protect the constitutional and human rights of the people of our state.”
There's no exact definition of “sanctuary city.” Places like San Francisco and New York use the term broadly to refer to their immigrant-friendly policies, but more generally the term is applied to cities and counties that do not reflexively honor all Immigration and Customs Enforcement's requests for cooperation. Many of these localities do work with ICE to detain and hand over immigrants suspected or convicted of serious crimes, but they often release low-priority immigrants requested by ICE if they have no other reason to hold them.
“The reason that many local law enforcement officers don't honor detainers is because courts have said that they violate the Constitution, and if they violate the Constitution, the localities are on the hook financially,” said Cesar Cuauhtemoc Garcia Hernandez, a law professor at the University of Denver who teaches on the intersection of criminal law and immigration.
Just on Tuesday, a federal court in Rhode Island joined several others that have ruled in recent years that certain ICE detainers can violate people's constitutional rights ― even those of U.S. citizens.
But Trump's executive order seems to overlook this legal reality, and instead frames sanctuary cities with the alarmist rhetoric they used on the campaign trail.
Bloomberg via Getty Images President Donald Trump signed multiple executive orders on Wednesday, including one aimed at strong-arming "sanctuary cities."
”Sanctuary jurisdictions across the United States willfully violate Federal law in an attempt to shield aliens from removal from the United States,” their order declares. “These jurisdictions have caused immeasurable harm to the American people and to the very fabric of our Republic.”
Thomas Saenz, who heads the Mexican American Legal and Educational Defense Fund, said that on paper the order wouldn't give Trump the authority to crack down on sanctuary cities, as Trump claimed.
“It's hot air, but it's extremely dangerous hot air,” Saenz told The Huffington Post. “It's designed to intimidate community members.”
Congress in 2016 already rejected legislation to force localities to hold detained immigrants at the behest of ICE, said Cecillia Wang, deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union and a specialist in immigrants' rights. And, constitutionally speaking, they suggested, there's no difference if it's Congress or the executive branch forcing such a requirement.
“The federal government and specifically the president is trying to coerce states and localities that have made the decision to protect constitutional rights and provide services without regard to immigration status,” Wang said.
“I'm not sure what Trump thinks he's doing that's different,” Saenz said. “The law is already being enforced. If they ― in practice or in intent ― go beyond existing law, it would be subject to challenge as it's beyond their authority as president.”
As legal twists would have it, the constitutional source for such a challenge would be the Supreme Court's landmark 2012 decision upholding the Affordable Care Act, in which the court rebuked the federal government for threatening loss of funding for states that refused to expand their Medicaid programs under the law. In their majority opinion, Chief Justice John Roberts said Congress couldn't hold “a gun to the head” of the states.
Wang echoed those words and said she'd be monitoring what consequences befall sanctuary cities. “President Trump is holding a gun to their heads and forcing them to comply with their priorities,” they said.
Justin Sullivan via Getty Images San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee has vowed to uphold their city's immigration policies.
But in California, where immigrants make up roughly one-third of the population, lawmakers said they aren't waiting on challenges in court, vowing to take the fight into their own hands.
In a press conference Wednesday, state Senate President pro tempore Kevin De León said the legislature will fast-track bills in response to Trump's orders, including a bill to prevent local law enforcement from using their resources for immigration enforcement.
“These are spiteful and mean-spirited directives that will only instill fear in the hearts of millions of people who pay taxes, contribute to our economy and our way of life,” they said of the orders. “We will have no part in their implementation.”
“We will not spend a single cent nor lift a finger to aid their efforts,” they added.
The legislature has already taken several pre-emptive steps to combat Trump's policies. In December, the senate and assembly passed a resolution calling on Trump to abandon their promise to deport millions of undocumented immigrants. The chamber has also taken up a bill to establish a legal aid fund for those facing deportation, as well as a bill to create training centers to educate legal workers on immigration law.
“It's sad Donald Trump thinks these executive orders make America safer, and it's sad they think they make America,” said Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon in a statement.
“Today is a shameful day for our country, but it only strengthens my resolve to stand up against the alarming bigotry and hatred emanating from the White House,” Weiner, the San Francisco state senator, said. “If President Trump believes signing a piece of paper will for one second change how San Francisco and California value and protect our immigrant neighbors, they are underestimating our strength and spirit.”
Their statements came just one day after Gov. Jerry Brown (D) dedicated a portion of their State of the State address to praising the contributions of California's immigrants, a clear rebuke of Trump's worldview.
“Immigrants are an integral part of who we are and what we've become,” they said. “Let me be clear: We will defend everybody ― every man, woman and child ― who has come here for a better life and has contributed to the well-being of our state.”
Mollie Reilly reported from San Francisco; Cristian Farias reported from New York; Elise Foley reported from Washington; and Roque Planas reported from Austin, Texas.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story said Congress rejected legislation in 2015 that would force localities to hold detained immigrants at the behest of ICE. It rejected such legislation in 2016.
Language has also been added to clarify a quote by the ACLU's Cecillia Wang.
―
How will Trump's first 100 days impact you? Sign up for our weekly newsletter and get breaking updates on Trump's presidency by messaging us here.
Note: On January 22, 2017 I wrote a column that made clear that the claim 17 intelligence agencies agreed that Russia was responsible for the interference in the election was a lie. Last week, both the NYT and AP retracted their statements and stated only three intelligence agencies were involved in the issue. Only the NSA, FBI and the CIA were involved. Nice to know the Coast Guard was protecting our coast and not reviewing Hillary's emails.
You might have thought that once the election was over that the Never Trumpers would have wised up and at least have abided by the old rule, “If you cannot say something nice, then don't say anything at all.” It seems that at least some of them have not wised up at all and realized they are enabling their own political adversaries by besmirching a Republican president.
Their misguided thinking was recently exemplified by Jonah Goldberg, one of the leaders of the Never Trump movement. On May 26th, Goldberg wrote (in their stream of consciousness published by National Review every Friday): “I have no problem with the President firing Jim Comey. I have no objection, in principle, to Trump declassifying information. I loved their counterprogramming to the White House Correspondents' Dinner. But the way Trump does these things and so many others is counterproductive precisely because they don't know how to do them to their advantage — and that's because they don't know where the lines are. The Invisi-Fences are like the security lasers in some ridiculous heist movie. Every time Trump crosses one, they get cut and bleeds a little more political capital, in part because their missteps undercut their image as a mastermind who thinks six steps ahead.”
Jonah, don't you get it? It is not the manner they do it, it is that they do it, period. Goldberg apparently is unaware of the Left-Right Principle. If Trump says left, they will say right. If they say blue, they will say red. They hate them and they hate what Republicans and Conservatives stand for. They feel (and I use that word precisely) that after eight years of Obama they have a birthright to lurch this country toward socialism, single-payer health insurance and confiscation of all guns owned by citizens. Trump by any other name (Kasich, Rubio, Bush) would get similar treatment, just with a little different coloring.
Bret Stephens, another wiser than we are Never Trumper, left the Wall Street Journal to become the House Republican (and I use that as a variation of a historical phrase) at the New York Times. The only reason the NYT hired them was because of their “enlightened” view on Trump. Sure, their first NYT column spoke the truth about “Climate Change, formerly Global Warming” and set the Left off on a rampage, but let's see where you are a year from now. We will see whether you have actually educated one person at your new publication on the error of their Leftist thinking or whether you have blended into the woodwork there as another indiscernible voice attacking free market economics.
Let's see if you can convince your fellow NYTers that their endorsement of open border immigration is a racist policy against particularly the Black Community and also the Hispanic Community by undercutting their earnings potential with cheap foreign labor. Or let's see if they can convince them that Trump's push to get our NATO partners to live up to their financial commitments benefits the constituencies for whom they think they speak. The Left attacked Trump for not giving a separate endorsement of Article 5 of the NATO Charter though they thanked the members for invoking it in defense of the U.S. Separately, they did not clamor for the 23 NATO members who are actually violating the charter by not keeping their financial commitments which drains the U.S. treasury at the expense of U.S. citizens receiving services the Left hails as mandatory.
One of my favorite statements from the Never Trumpers is that Trump is not really a conservative. This is after their successful appointment of Neil Gorsuch, their nomination of many other judges who have not been questioned as to their conservative credentials and enacting what some believe is the single most conservative cabinet in U.S. history. Just by appointing Scott Pruitt at EPA, Betsy DeVos at the Education Department and Scott Gottlieb at the FDA -- not to mention Ajit Pai at the FCC -- is enough to warm the hearts of any Republican. Their constant campaigning for Republican candidates and the victories has no effect on the Never Trumpers. Their tax proposal and move to dismantle Obamacare does not mollify them. Their moves at the border causing the reduction of illegal entries does not seemingly encourage them. None of these have given solace to the Never Trumpers.
Sure, you can point to stupid proposals like the $25 billion for family leave which will grow into $150 billion once the Lefties get their hands on it. But every president does stupid policies, for example Nixon and the EPA. But our job is to put a stop to such folly and march forward. Yes, you can criticize Trump. That is not what we are saying.
If the Never Trumpers were paying attention, they would be reading the attacks on Vice President Pence. In the Left's dream scenario, Trump will either resign or be impeached. They are already softening the ground that Pence walks on with attacks on him. If there ever was proof positive that it isn't Trump, Google Pence and read the multitude of columns attacking the possibility of them being president.
The Never Trumpers would also be watching the press. The Project Veritas video of John Bonifield from CNN was revealing, but not surprising. It was great that the fools who did not know the press was whipping up an Anti-Trump fervor to line their own pockets despite having no factual support were finally educated to such. Never Trumpers, you are enabling them.
The Democrats have taken a complete obstructionist position against Trump. They have stirred up a fictitious scandal over an imaginary collusion with a nation they bear hugged for years. They are in the clutches of the Sanders-Warren Socialist minority of their own party. Unless we unite behind Trump and the Republican Congress, the Obama years will seem moderate in comparison to the policies they will be promulgating.
We all have a choice. You are either for progressing a centrist government that allows Americans the traditional freedoms that have made this country the greatest in human history, or you are with the other team. Take your choice, Never Trumpers.
On "The Five" tonight, Greg Gutfeld blasted Bill Nye “The Science Guy” for suggesting on Bill Maher's show that Jews fleeing Europe should stay and “get to know your neighbors.”
"So, the cure for anti-Semitism is for Jews to get to know their neighbors?" Gutfeld asked. "Maybe bring them some matzo ball soup?"
Gutfeld pointed out that it's not radical Jews storming Muslim cafes and killing innocent customers.
"The science is settled: Jews are the leading target of abuse and attack here and in Europe," Gutfeld said. "And new research finds that 27 percent of British Muslims sympathized with Paris gunmen. Nye's pithy denial minimizes such evil."
Gutfeld also noted a new report revealing that anti-Semitism is soaring at American colleges.
"I suppose Nye blames those Jewish students, too? Perhaps they're not being friendly enough?" Gutfeld said. "Maybe it's on them for wearing yarmulkes. It's like a woman in a short skirt. They're just asking for it."
Gutfeld added that Nye must have missed the disturbing video of a Jewish man recording abuse as they walked the streets of Paris.
"Like a polar bear, Mr. Nye, you can see it with your own eyes. Kinda hard to ignore that roiling climate. I'd say such dismissal of anti-Semitism is anti-Semitic, but you'd just deny that too."
"Bill Nye 'The Denial Guy.' It has a nice ring to it."
Watch the monologue and see "The Five" co-hosts react in the clip above.
President-elect Trump's plan to once again reset U.S.-Russia relations is already encountering stiff resistance from a Washington foreign policy community that insists on confronting Russian mischief in the United States and around the world. The incipient battle will be the first test of whether Donald Trump can fundamentally reorient U.S. foreign policy against the wishes of the establishment.
Throughout the campaign, Trump promised to find accommodation with the government of Vladimir Putin and expressed doubt about the reality and significance of various widely reported Russian transgressions, including the hacking of major American political organizations and interference in the U.S. election process. Now that Trump has been elected, lawmakers and Russia watchers in both parties fear their team will implement a change in the bilateral relationship that not only absolves Moscow of responsibility for its bad behavior but sacrifices the interests of the United States and its European allies.
The battle in Washington to stop Trump's Russian spring began last week when Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) called a Trump plan to cooperate in Syria with Putin's government “unacceptable” and publicly demanded the incoming administration confront Russia for its ongoing atrocities there. McCain and Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) have a detailed plan to push back against Trump on Russia policy.
“My view has not changed even though Trump won. [The Russians] are a bad actor in the world, they need to be reined in,” Graham said. “He's the commander in chief but Congress does have a say and a role in all this.”
Before Trump takes the oath of office, McCain and Graham will lead a congressional delegation to Ukraine, Georgia and Estonia to reassure these European partners that Washington is still committed to confronting Russian aggression. Starting in January, the pair will hold a series of hearings highlighting Russia's transgressions around the world, including war crimes in Syria, cyberattacks, propaganda campaigns and threats to Baltic states.
In addition, Graham has said they want to use their chairpersonship of the Senate Appropriations Foreign Operations subcommittee to steer new funds to European allies for battling Moscow.
Although Trump dismissed the U.S. intelligence community's assessment that the Russian government was responsible for hacking and leaking to influence U.S. politics this year, most members of Congress remain determined to press for some sort of response or punishment. Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, wrote in The Post last week that Russia must be held to account for interfering in American politics. They also promise to introduce legislation to confront Russian actions in Syria and Ukraine and support a European Democracy Initiative to increase funding for countries resisting Russian political tampering. There's also new legislation in the House to increase sanctions on Russia.
“Congress is trying to put as much of a frame around this policy as they can before it is created,” said Heather Conley, director of the Europe program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Exactly what form Trump's Russia policy will take is unknowable, they said, because key national security appointments have not been made. But the Senate confirmation process will be another lever for lawmakers in the new Congress to vet incoming administration officials on the issue after inauguration.
Trump could find some support in Congress for their Russia reset among noninterventionists such as Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and pro-Russia lawmakers such as Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.). But most Russia experts believe that Trump's outreach to Putin will eventually become politically unpalatable for Trump because they will soon realize they are getting a bad bargain. That's because the strategy of political interference is ingrained in Russian foreign policy, part of a long-term strategy to undermine the stability and confidence of liberal Western democracies.
“The new administration will likely get burned by Russia at some point, even if there is a cozying up,” said Alina Polyakova, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. A new report by the council details how Russia has been using a combination of overt and covert means to foster the rise of pro-Russian political parties in several Western European countries, including Britain, France and Germany.
“Moscow views the West's virtues — pluralism and openness — as vulnerabilities to be exploited,” former Polish foreign minister Radek Sikorski writes in the foreward to the report. “The Kremlin's blatant attempts to influence and disrupt the U.S. presidential election should serve as an inspiration for a democratic push back.”
Even President Obama, who has received some well-deserved criticism for their overly optimistic view on the potential to cooperate with Russia, is publicly calling on Trump to think twice before moving U.S. policy in a pro-Russian direction.
As president, Trump will have the prerogative to ignore the evidence and dismiss calls from allies to stand up to Putin. But more than a few in Washington are betting on a combination of pressure and persuasion on the incoming administration to stop the next Russian reset before it even begins.
Read more from Josh Rogins's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
We know there's a lot to read here, but it's all important & will answer many questions you may have. PLEASE read them thoroughly before placing your order!
We charge a flat $9.95 for continental US shipping of up to 6 doormats in one order.
***CANCELLATIONS
Please shop responsibly, we don't offer cancellations OR returns for any reason. Etsy has added the handy 'request cancellation' button, but this does not mean you can swing by all happy to see us & then dump us in the morning. Your purchase is a contract, just like on Ebay!
WRONG ADDRESS
PLEASE make certain that your registered Etsy address is the correct address for shipping! Especially Internationally. If you are sending a gift, use the feature on your Etsy account to change the shipping address.
If you have used the wrong address, purchase a second order using the correct address & request a cancellation for the incorrect one. This is the only accepted time for a cancellation. It is your responsibility to provide accurate shipping information at this time.
SHIPPING COSTS
In the Continental US up to 6 total *any size* ship for only $9.95! Alaska and Hawaii may be asked to pay additional charges.
SHIPPING TIMES
We make every doormat individually when you order it. We're not Ikea! Please normally allow up to 10 business days until shipping. It's often much faster, so look for your tracking email
RUSH ORDERS
If you need a doormat in less than 10 business days, or a custom orders in under 20 business days is a $30 rush order fee and additional shipping charges.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS
Price DOES NOT include import taxes and fees- I have no control over these or ability to calculate them.
**International orders may be subject to import taxes on arrival**
you will receive a notice from your local delivery service with information on arrival.
LARGE and XL mats may have additional shipping costs Internationally.
International orders can take 2-8 weeks to arrive. We have no say in the time it takes customs to clear a package or ability to track it once it has left the US. PLEASE use the tracking information provided & contact your postal provider for information on it's whereabouts BEFORE contacting us. We don't have any more ability to delve into customs offices than you do!
RETURNED TO SENDER
Sometimes packages are returned to us as they are unclaimed by buyers or an incorrect address was provided. If this occurs, you will be contacted for address corrections & billed for additional shipping. If you do not respond within 3 days, your sale will be canceled, and your money refunded, less packaging & shipping costs. Please make sure your addresses are correct!
APPEARS TO BE LOST, MARKED AS DELIVERED
We have heard from a few customers lately upset that their mat is missing. EVERY ONE WAS FOUND! Either with a neighbor, hidden or at their local UPS/USPS office.
We have no special sources inside the mail systems- use your tracking number & be a detective for that doormat!
If your package is marked as "delivered" but you haven't received it, PLEASE ask any and all roommates, neighbors, and search the neighborhood to see if your package hasn't been misplaced. The delivery people will hide them in bushes, around corners, etc. Every time this has happened, the item has been found nearby. PLEASE look thoroughly BEFORE contacting us. It is physically impossible for me to find the package for you & stressful for us here!
If you still believe your item was lost in transit, then contact your local UPS/ USPS office and us with your tracking number & phone number- they will then start an investigation.
Winnie the Pooh is a boy.
 They are referred to as "he" in AA Milne's books and in the Disney cartoons their voice has always been provided by a man.
But, it turns out that the real-life bear they are named after, was actually a female black bear named Winnie.
Christopher Robin, son of AA Milne and star of the books and cartoons, had called their teddy Winnie, having seen the actual bear a number of times in London Zoo.
Author Lindsay Mattick has told the story of the Canadian bear in their new book Finding Winnie: The True Story of the World's Most Famous Bear. The film rights have already been sold.
Them great-grandfather, Harry Colebourn, rescued Winnie in 1914 and named them for their hometown of Winnipeg, Canada.
Colebourn was a vet and and travelled to England to help care for horses during the First World War.
They brought Winnie with them and they became a favourite with the troops.
When Colebourn was shipped over to France, they sent Winnie to stay at London Zoo. They always planned to bring them back to Canada, but when they saw how much children loved visiting them at the zoo, they donated them permanently.
"I'm still blown away that, while a lot of people in Canada certainly know the story and know the history now, around the world it's really still not known," Ms Mattick told Winnipeg Free Press.
"People don't even realize that there was a real bear.
"I want people who love Winnie the Pooh to understand that the real story behind them is just as beautiful and just as amazing."
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram, Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
This staff programmer would have a degree in computer science or some other technical field (e.g., math/statistics equivalent) and a very strong aptitude for developing software. The minimum requirement is a Bachelors degree, although additional educational credentials are a plus. Experience with bio-statistics and/or machine learning is a plus, though not required. The ideal candidate would have some (or all) of the following: experience developing User Interfaces (desktop and/or web); experience with open source software development; familiarity with the Python and R programming languages; and knowledge of web-programming. Additionally, the candidate must be proficient in at least one programming language, and have familiarity with software design principles. Finally, they or they must have the ability to learn new technologies/languages quickly.
The successful applicant will assist with the development and maintenance of programs for which the Tufts Evidence-based Practice Center (EPC) is currently responsible. Additionally, they or they will participate in the design and development of new programs to be developed. Finally, the candidate will occasionally implement algorithms developed for methods research projects carried out by the EPC.
Published by Stephen Roper on Tagged Mobile Phones
Sportswear manufacturer, Puma will be launching a brand-new feature phone at the World Mobile Congress.
The first words about the Puma Phone were spoken back in October last year but since then the phone has been pretty much under wraps until now. A new mini site at pumaphone.com has recently been launched and although it doesn't give the full specifications we've managed to find out a few details about the new handset.
The Sagem Puma phone will be packed with new features which will be great for sports fanatics that include a solar panel to charge it, a GPS receiver, a bike and run tracker and a pedometer.
The phone will also give users access to the Puma community on Facebook, Youtube, Flickr and Twitter so there will need to be a 3G connection. Also there will be an application called Puma icon messaging built in; we assume this will be some kind of chat client.
We don't know much more about the Puma phone at this time but it will be officially announced tomorrow at the World Mobile Congress in Barcelona where we hope a full spec will be revealed.
Earlier this week, the International Business Times released a report claiming to contain specific details concerning HBO's long awaited direct-to-consumer service, one of the most pertinent of which was the price. According to the report, HBO Now – as it's been dubbed – will cost $15/month. However, at this time, it's unknown exactly what features that $15 will offer, though many point to it simply being similar VOD access to the channel with no live streaming capabilities like HBO Go currently features. Already, there are swaths of potential customers crying foul at the price, saying $15/month is too expensive for the service. To put it simply, those people are right… but also wrong.
What this boils down to is a question of who HBO is competing with. If the goal is to challenge the likes of Netflix in order to create an alternative OTT (over the top) platform that will allow cord-cutter access to stream media content, then $15/month is indeed too high against the competitor's $8-$12 (the higher being for access to 4k streaming). However, if the goal is to attract cord-cutters to HBO without asking them to also give up the things they already use (which would never happen anyway), then $15/month is no different than what customers pay now for the service through standard cable and satellite providers.
Really, that's what this is all about, and the problem is people don't truly understand what the purpose of HBO's OTT plans are. While Netflix may often tout the fact they top HBO in subscribers, it's not an apples to oranges comparison. Netflix is a service that doesn't require anything more than an internet connection to be accessible. HBO is a premium content source that needs the help of cable and satellite providers to be successful. Because of this, the price of any OTT plans from the company were never going to dip below the average cost of a subscription via Comcast , Time Warner , DirecTV or a host of other services. All HBO's OTT plans are about is adding more ways to get the service, not limiting ones that already exist.
The only way HBO Now will ever cost less than $15/month is if there's a radical shift in the way consumers receive television that doesn't require cable or satellite on a mass scale. Whether or not we're going to reach that point remains to be seen, but it's not how things operate now. HBO simply can't put in jeopardy its existing relationships with providers, but it also can't ignore the potential future that's on the horizon. A $15/month OTT service is the company's way of having its cake and eating it too. It's a price that won't rock a boat that's already on the water, but that's also low enough to convince people without cable or satellite service to sign up.
Saying HBO is just worth $15/month because they're HBO is a flimsy argument at best. While the likes of Game of Thrones and Girls may be worth that price, The Newsroom and The Leftovers certainly are not. $15/month was never about prestige, but it was also never about changing the status quo as some detractors to the price would like to believe. HBO Now's price is all about the middle ground. If you already have HBO through your current provider, you aren't going to drop it for the sake of signing up directly though the company; that's all that matters… for now. We may one day reach a future where that's not the case, but that future is not the present of today.
Police gun down 93-year-old woman in central Texas city
By Kate Randall
12 May 2014
A police officer fatally shot 93-year-old Pearlie Golden at their home in Central Texas on May 6. Officer Stephen Stem, who fired the fatal shots, was dismissed from the Hearne Police Department on Saturday after the city council voted to take disciplinary action against him.
Golden's great nephew Roy Jones called 911 on the day of the shooting after their great aunt became agitated over not having their license renewed. Jones and Golden got into an argument when they refused to give them the keys to their car. At that point Golden reportedly grabbed a gun that had belonged to their late husband.
Jones hoped that police, with training in defusing such situations, could calm them down.
Instead, the arrival of police ended in the violent death of the elderly woman. The shooting is the latest in an epidemic of fatal police shootings in cities and towns, big and small, across the US.
When police arrived on the scene, Golden, affectionately known in the neighborhood as Miss Sully, was reportedly waving their gun in front of their home. The Hearne Police Department said in a written statement that Golden “brandished a firearm” when Stem arrived. Witnesses said that the responding officer, Stephen Stem, shot at Golden multiple times after they refused to put the gun down.
The Eagle of Bryan-College Station, Texas, reported May 10 that Golden fired two shots into the ground before being fatally shot by Stem. They were taken to a hospital in nearby Bryan, when they died from their injuries. An autopsy showed that two of the shots fired by Stem ultimately proved fatal.
Lawanda Cooke told KBTX, “Even if they did have a gun, they are in their 90s. They could have shot in the air to scare them Maybe they would have dropped it. I don't see them shooting anyone.”
The fatal shooting was the second by Officer Stem in less than two years. Not long after joining the Hearne Police Department, Stem shot and killed a man that police said was shooting a gun from a car in an apartment parking lot. Stem was later cleared of any wrongdoing in that case.
The shooting of Pearlie Golden has provoked outrage in the small city of Hearne, located in the center of the “Texas Triangle” of Dallas, Fort Worth and San Antonio. The city is surrounded by cotton farms and railways. As of the 2000 US Census, median income for a household in Hearne was $19,556, and 31 percent of the population were living below the poverty line, including 45 percent of those under age 18 and 25 percent of those age 65 and older.
In the wake of Pearlie Golden's shooting, about 150 people marched to the city police station on Thursday to demand the officer be fired. William Foster III, a longtime resident of Hearne who organized the protest, told the demonstrators, “We can't just keep sitting around accepting what's going on with this town. It's time for a change.”
Hearne Mayor Ruben Gomez also addressed the protest in an effort to defuse the anger of residents, saying they would recommend to an emergency city council meeting on Saturday that Stem be fired. “It's a loss of confidence in the community,” Gomez said. “We can't have an officer the citizens have lost confidence in.”
The Hearne City Council voted 6-0 on Saturday to take disciplinary against Stem, and the Hearne Police Department dismissed them from duty. Following the shooting, the Hearne Police Department had put Stem on paid administrative leave, which is standard procedure in police shootings in the city. An investigation into the shooting has been turned over to the Texas Rangers, the state police force.
Eventually the case will be presented to a grand jury. Hearne City Attorney Bryan Russ Jr., commented, “I would expect people to be upset about this, a young officer shooting a 93-year-old lady.” They added, “I'm upset about it. Most of our citizens are upset, but at the same time I don't believe all the facts have come to the surface yet.”
In an attempt to justify the gunning down of the 93-year-old, Russ stated, “She did have a gun… Now what they were doing with it, that is the ultimate question.”
The shooting of Pearlie Golden follows the fatal police shooting of Armand Martin, a 50-year-old veteran, on their front porch in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on May 3. Martin's killing brought to 25 the number of fatal shootings by the Albuquerque Police Department since 2010. The string of shootings has provoked anger among city residents demanding an end to the police violence and that the police be held accountable.
On April 27, police in Long Beach, California, shot and killed Jason Conoscenti as they were fleeing, unarmed, down a flight of stairs. The incident was captured on video, which clearly showed that the 36-year-old's hands were visibly empty and they posed no threat to police.
Robert Cameron Rudus, 23, a college student in San Antonio, Texas, was gunned down by campus police during what appeared to be a fairly routine traffic stop on a rainy night last December 6. An autopsy revealed they were shot five times, including once in the back.
One or two people fall victim to lethal police shootings every day in America. Police departments are being deliberately built up and militarized, as brutality against the population is encouraged. The US ruling elite is well aware of the anger growing in the working class over its policies of austerity, inequality and war, and is utilizing police violence to prepare for the inevitable resistance these policies will inevitably provoke.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Misdemeanor battery charges related to a bar dust-up in New Orleans' French Quarter have been officially dropped against Academy Award-winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr.
City spokesperson Ryan Berni said an arraignment hearing was held Friday but there was no one to press the complaint. As a result, they said, the city moved to drop the charges.
"This ends the case," Berni said.
The Times-Picayune reports Gooding, 44, did not appear at the brief hearing before Judge Sean Early. The hearing came two days after an Old Absinthe House employee said they were dropping charges against him.
Police say the bartender told them that Gooding became upset after patrons started asking them to pose for photos with them at about 3 a.m. The bartender told investigators that Gooding pushed them after they asked them to calm down and again after they told them they should leave and that police had been called.
Gooding won the 1997 Academy Award for best supporting actor for their portrayal of a fictional pro football player in "Jerry Maguire" starring Tom Cruise. In the film, they say the now-familiar line to their agent, "Show me the money!"
They have been in New Orleans filming "The Butler," a movie about a White House butler who serves eight American presidents. The film stars Nicole Kidman, Liam Neeson, John Cusack, Jane Fonda, Robin Williams, Alex Pettyfer and Minka Kelly.
"The Butler" is being directed by Lee Daniels ("Precious" and "Monster's Ball").
The BJP-led government has refused to make public nearly 39 classified files on the mysterious disappearance of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and related matters, in sharp contrast to the demands of disclosure raised by its senior leaders when in Opposition.
In January when the campaign was at its peak, the then president Rajnath Singh, during a visit to - the birthplace of Netaji - on the occasion of their 117th birth anniversary, had demanded that the government make public the records related to the freedom fighter.
Singh is now the Home Minister.
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in a recent RTI reply accepted that there were 41 files related to Bose, of which two had been declassified, but refused to disclose them taking a position similar to that of the erstwhile Congress-led government.
"Disclosure of documents contained in these files would prejudicially affect relations with foreign countries. As such, these files are exempted from disclosure under Section 8(1)(a) read with Section 8(2) of the Right to Information Act," the PMO said in its reply to RTI activist Subhash Agrawal.
Singh had claimed during the campaign that there was larger public interest in the disclosure of the documents, but the PMO under Modi seems not to be in agreement as is evident from the reply which considered the larger public interest disclosure clause - section 8(2) - of the RTI Act but chose to withhold the documents.
The section 8(2) says, "Notwithstanding anything in the Official Secrets Act, 1923 nor any of the exemptions permissible in accordance with sub-section(1), a public authority may allow access to information, if public interest in disclosure outweighs the harm to the protected interests."
"The entire country is impatient to know as to how Netaji died and under what circumstances," Singh had said, releasing a book on the eve of Netaji's birth anniversary in on January 22.
The bike lane on West 20th Street, between Ninth and 10th avenues. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Maya Rajamani
CHELSEA — A driver parked in a bike lane sped after a cyclist, got out of their car and called them a "f---ing b--ch" after they maneuvered around their vehicle, the NYPD said.
The 35-year-old woman was biking along West 20th Street, between Ninth and 10th avenues, around 12:15 a.m. on Aug. 8 when they cycled around a dark-gray car parked in the bike lane, police said.
Get our daily Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen news and alerts! Please enter a valid email address. Please enter a valid email address. Please enter a valid 5-digit zip code. Please enter a valid 5-digit zip code. Thank you for signing up! Subscription failed By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
After they passed the car, the man in the vehicle revved their engine, drove past her, got out of their car, walked toward them and unleashed their tirade, the NYPD said.
“F---ing b--ch!” the man shouted at some point during the encounter, according to police.
The man drove off soon after, but the woman managed to get their license plate number, the NYPD said.
They hadn't been arrested as of Wednesday.
Other recent notable incidents in the 10th Precinct include:
► A 19-year-old man claiming to be a gang member was arrested after a police officer spotted them inside Hudson Boulevard Park, between West 33rd and 36th streets from 10th and 11th avenues, after it had closed to the public around midnight Sunday, the NYPD said. The officer discovered the man had three active warrants and was carrying another person's New York State ID card. “I found that. My boy told me to keep it,” the man said of the ID. The man also told the officer they were a member of the Bloods gang.
► A man who was upset with a Circle Line Sightseeing Cruises employee started yelling at another 26-year-old worker on the pier at West 43rd Street, near 12th Avenue, around 1:35 p.m. Saturday, the NYPD said. At some point during the incident, the man tried to punch the worker, but missed. “You're ruining my life,” the man told her, according to police. The man hadn't been arrested as of Wednesday, and Circle Line didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
► A 23-year-old man was arrested after they punched 22-year-old man in the face inside the Highline Ballroom, at 431 W. 16th St. between Ninth and 10th avenues, around 2:20 a.m. on Sunday, police said. The 22-year-old suffered a swollen cheek and a cut over their right eye that required stitches. The Highline Ballroom didn't immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
► A 26-year-old woman was arrested after they punched a female livery cab driver in the shoulder near the southeast corner of West 18th Street and 10th Avenue around 2:05 a.m. on Sunday, the NYPD said. The driver was left with a right shoulder injury.
► A police officer arrested a 34-year-old man after spotting them smoking pot in front of an Elliott-Chelsea Houses building at 446 W. 26th St., near 10th Avenue, around 5:02 p.m. on Sunday, the NYPD said. When the officer approached the man, they dropped their joint on the ground underneath a bench.
Advertisement
Bill O'Brien has no plans to bail on the Texans.
Houston's coach emphatically denied a report from CBSSports.com stating that a "split is imminent" between O'Brien and the Texans organization.
"I will never quit as the head coach of the Houston Texans, ever," O'Brien said, per Aaron Wilson of the Houston Chronicle.
"I will never resign as head coach of the Houston Texans. I didn't even read the story, was told about it a little bit," O'Brien said. "Best thing to do would be to ask the person who wrote it where they get their info."
The report cited a "complicated" relationship between O'Brien and longtime general manager Rick Smith, stating that "many close to the situation believe change is on the horizon."
Not according to O'Brien, who circled back to say: "I'm not a quitter. I was raised in a family that believes in family, faith, education, never quit."
Just last January, O'Brien found themselves at the center of similar speculation, with NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reporting "there is a real chance, based on several factors, that they will be coaching another team (in 2017)."
O'Brien and the Texans resolved their issues last offseason and the coach appears determined to stick around with one year remaining on their contract. And why not? After years of suffering through quarterback purgatory, O'Brien's offense shot into the skies with Deshaun Watson under center before they were lost to a season-ending knee injury.
With the talented young first-rounder set to return next season, why leave now? Assuming the coach and general manager can work together, the potential for better days ahead is higher than ever.
Bartow, Florida (CNN) -- After more than three decades in prison, a man in Florida was set free Thursday after a DNA test showed they did not kidnap and rape a 9-year-old boy in 1974.
James Bain, 54, was 19 when they were convicted on charges of kidnapping, burglary and strong-arm rape. Now they will be allowed to go home for the first time in 35 years.
"Mr. Bain, you are a free man," the judge said in a Bartow, Florida, courtroom. Bain was serving a life sentence.
Bain's mother, who has been in and out of hospitals in recent years, said that their son's exoneration is "hard to believe."
"He was just a child when they went in there," Sarah Reed told CNN. "I've been trying to hold on. I've had things wrong with me, and I was afraid I wouldn't be here when they got out."
Of the 245 people in the United States who have been exonerated by DNA testing, none has spent more time behind bars than Bain, according to the Innocence Project, a national organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted people through DNA testing.
"I thanked the Lord. They must have done it for a reason," Reed said. "The Lord has a reason for putting them in here, and they have a reason for keeping me around for me to see this."
Melissa Montle, an attorney with the Innocence Project, called Bain last week at their prison in Okeechobee, Florida, to tell them the news.
"I told them and they got very quiet," they told CNN. Then they said, "I'm really happy," and began to choke up, they said.
"He's been so worried about their mom. They want to be home to take care of her," Montle said.
Bain was convicted in 1974 of taking a 9-year-old Lake Wales, Florida, boy from their bed and raping him.
According to police records, the victim told police that they fell asleep with their brothers and sisters, but when they woke up a man was dragging them by a baseball field. The boy said they were forced to the ground and raped.
The Lake Wales police report says that the boy told police that their attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache. After being shown five photographs of potential suspects, the report says, the victim picked out the photo of Bain.
That 9-year-old boy, now 44, still lives in Florida and has been made aware of the situation, according to multiple sources.
"He is terrified for people to know who they are," said one source familiar with the story. "Somebody hurt them and scarred them badly, and the right person should be punished for that."
Florida in 2001 passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing. Four times Bain submitted handwritten motions seeking such testing, only to be denied. Their fifth try was successful only after an appeals court ruled that they were entitled to a hearing.
Bain's family has stood by them all of these years.
Their twin sister, Jannie Jones, told police that James was home with her, watching a popular television medical drama called "Medical Center" at the time of the attack.
Another sister, Patsy Amos, said, "I still don't understand why this happened, but we never doubted him. We knew what type of child they are."
It was incredibly frustrating, they said.
"It's just like a death, 'cause there was nothing we can do. They were a family member and we couldn't bring them home. There was nothing we could do. It was like death. We had no control over it," they told CNN.
The prosecutor in the case, Edward Threadgill, is now retired after a career that culminated with a seat on the 2nd District Florida Appeals Court. They will be 78 this month.
"I don't remember any of the details [of the case]," they told CNN. "I don't remember the defendant."
But they added, "It upsets me that an innocent man was in prison. It disturbs me greatly. ... I think we did the best with the technology we had. We did the best we could with what we had."
Bain's mother said that while their son was in prison they "turned away from God, because they thought God abandoned him."
But, they said, they stayed on them -- on the phone, and during twice-a-month visits -- and eventually, over the years, they came back around to find God again, in prison. Watch report on the DNA exoneration of an Arizona man convicted of rape and murder
Now, they said, they are taking steps to ensure their son is taken care of in a world that has changed so much since they entered prison. She's putting their house and their car, a 1992 Toyota Camry, in theirs name.
"I want them to have something by himself. He's suffered enough. They will never worry about where to stay. No more suffering. He'll be taken care of, if anything happened to me," Sarah Reed said.
"He worries about me all the time. They thought they were doomed to stay there, and now they say, 'Don't let go. I'm coming home.'"
Jess Spear, Socialist of the Sawant Persuasion
Jess Spear worked on Seattle councilwoman Kshama Sawant's election campaign as well as the 15 Now campaign before announcing their own run for Washington State representative. (votespear.org)
Jess Spear was at socialist candidate Kshama Sawant's elbow when Sawant announced their plans to oust incumbent Seattle city councilman Richard Conlin in 2013. And, as volunteer coordinator for the campaign, they were there again when Sawant gave their victory speech eight months later, becoming the first socialist elected in a major US city in decades. But on May 21 of this year, the roles were reversed. With Sawant at their elbow, Spear announced their own socialist campaign for Washington State Representative.
Spear, a climate scientist by trade, spoke with Working In These Times about how they helped win a $15 minimum wage for workers in Seattle, which passed by city ordinance on June 2, as well as about the challenge she's mounting against Democratic Speaker of Washington's State House, Frank Chopp and why union support will be critical to their campaign.
How were you involved in winning a $15 an hour minimum wage for Seattle workers? What are the next steps if you win this coming election?
I was the organizing director for 15 Now, and I was involved with getting people active in pressuring city officials, pressuring the mayor's committee to really deliver for workers. We had a week of action in March where people did different things like banner drops along highways and ride buses in order to talk to people about 15 Now. That culminated with the March for 15 on March 15.
We have 15 Now chapters in 17 other cities or states. There's movement already in the New York City council, there are a number of Chicago aldermen that are pushing 15 forward, there's a ballot initiative in San Francisco for 15. So we're already seeing movement on a national scale. We think it's important to spread 15 Now nationally and use the same type of grassroots movement building nationally to really push these different cities to adopt a $15 an hour minimum wage.
You've said the Seattle ordinance is different from what 15 Now was pushing for. Could you explain?
The mayor's proposal that came to the City Council on May 1 had a number of corporate loopholes, as did the version they eventually passed. It allowed a three- to 4-year phase-in for big businesses and a 5- to 7-year phase-in for smaller businesses, which they define as businesses with less than 500 employees. It includes what is essentially a 10-year pathway, because after 7 years, the small businesses have to phase-in to $15. At that point, they're still going to be paying less than what big businesses pay because the cost-of-living adjustment doesn't occur until you get to $15. So for another 3 years, they will be paying sub-minimum wages compared to big businesses.
To us, these loopholes were completely unnecessary, and it's unfair to workers to make them wait even another day for relief. So we did what we could to close them, but the Democratic Party majority in the City Council—we only have one socialist sitting there—allowed these corporate loopholes, and actually added a few more.
In the end, councilmember Kshama Sawant voted for the package, and 15 Now is celebrating because for us, this is a step forward. We're now covering all workers—it's not just a handful in a few industries. It is a major step out of poverty for many workers. One out of 4 in Seattle are going to see 15, so we're very excited about it.
You're running against Frank Chopp, who is a Democratic State Representative. Why did you choose to run against a Democrat?
Washington State is completely controlled by the Democratic Party. We're challenging the Speaker of the House because they represent everything that is broken in our state, everything that is broken with the whole idea that we have to give corporate tax handouts for jobs, but [that] if we want to fund social services, we have to tax ordinary working people. That type of leadership doesn't get us anywhere.
A lot of people talk about how [Frank Chopp] is generally progressive. They support raising the minimum wage, they support helping homeless people, they support most of the same issues that we care about. But it's not just about supporting something; it's about whether or not you're going to fight for it. We are showing through Sawant on the City Council how it's possible, even with just a single seat in government, to win real gains for working people.
Both the Democrats and Republicans talk a lot about the "middle class." You and Sawant talk more about "working people" and the "working class." What's the difference, and why is it important for socialists?
Anybody that has to work for a living, has to labor [or] is paid a salary or a wage is part of the working class. This can mean people who consider themselves middle class, like professionals, teachers, scientists, engineers, and the like, as well as those that work in retail all the way up [to management].
Democrats and Republicans like to talk about the middle class versus the upper-middle class, and the 1%, and then those below the middle class. We would challenge the notion that there is separate middle class, lower class, upper-middle class, and instead look at all workers as being in the same boat together, being affected by [capitalist policies]—in different ways, but affected by them in a negative way as compared to those that are in the capitalist class, those that own what we would call the means of production. And so, as socialists we would say that it's in the interests of all workers to be in solidarity with one another and fight for a world in which the economy is organized to meet our needs.
Over the course of the 20th century the word "socialist" cycled through many different meanings and elicited a range of reactions, many of them negative. But recently it seems that socialism has been making something of a comeback. Do you think Americans are coming around to socialism—or is socialism coming around to Americans?
I think it's both. I think that the economic recession we experienced in the United States [and] globally has really shaken the foundations for a lot of people and made them question their once deeply held belief that the system works as a meritocracy. That if you work really hard, if you go to school, if you get good grades, you'll get a good job, you'll be successful, you'll be able to get a home, you'll have a good life. Because the economic recession has caused a lot of people to question that, they start to look for alternatives, and one of those alternatives is socialism.
Socialist Alternative has taken the initiative to show what a socialist is, explain the ideas, get out there and talk to people about this alternative. It's one thing to say socialism is more favorable than capitalism, but it's another to really understand what we mean by that, and what it means to have a socialist elected to office. Here in Seattle, electing the first socialist [to Seattle public office] in a hundred years, and then six months later seeing a $15 an hour minimum wage pass, I think it's been demonstrated for people what it looks like to elect somebody that unambiguously stands on the side of working people.
A big part of your platform is environmental issues. Were you an environmentalist first or a socialist, and how do these come together for you?
I guess I called myself an environmentalist first. I got involved in climate science when I was an undergrad in college. I think a lot of people were quite demoralized by the time I got to graduate school. It was 2005 and people felt by that point we really were headed towards a tipping point, and we didn't see any political action.
I studied, got a degree, and went on to work in the US Geological Survey. I was working there in 2011 when the uprisings occurred in Tunisia, then Egypt. Just watching the toppling of the Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak was life-shaking. And the uprising in Wisconsin, which was inspired by the Egyptian uprising, then of course Occupy Wall Street breaking out—[it] was incredibly inspiring and made me feel optimistic and hopeful for the first time.
I was living in Seattle at that point, and so I went down to the Occupy encampment in Seattle and had a conversation with [Socialist Alternative] about the root of global warming, the economic recession. I got involved with Socialist Alternative and have been ever since.
So in general, yeah, I started off as an environmentalist and now I call myself a socialist. But I think any environmentalist could [identify] a socialist at this point.
The Seattle Weekly News described Kshama Sawant as your “good pal”. What is your relationship with her?
Kshama and I are good friends. I worked on their campaign in 2012 against my current opponent, Speaker Frank Chopp, and I was a volunteer coordinator for their campaign last year. Since then, I've worked very closely with Kshama in building this grassroots movement around 15 Now.
How is your campaign similar or different from Sawant's, especially since they ran in a city, and you'll be running at a state level?
There are different issues that you can raise at a state level that don't seem feasible at a city level. Just for an example, it wouldn't seem feasible for just the city officials to call for taking the big companies like Boeing, Starbucks, Amazon or Microsoft into public ownership because those corporations are not inside the city and are part of the state.
There [are] also general issues that people in our district face, such as skyrocketing rents. We actually have one of the fastest-rising rents in the country. But there's a ban on rent control at the state level, so there's very little that you can do at the city level to really enact rent control.
You've said you plan to refuse campaign donations from big businesses. How do you define big business, and do you feel it's possible to win an election with that kind of financial restriction?
We wouldn't take any money from any business, not just big businesses. We only take money from ordinary people [and organizations that represent ordinary people]. On the issue of whether or not it's viable, I think all we have to do is look at the election last year where Kshama Sawant's campaign was able to raise $140,000 from ordinary working people and beat a 16-year incumbent. We would in no way say that we could somehow run this race on an empty stomach. We absolutely need grassroots money, but we would not take a dime of corporate money. We feel that we have a really good opportunity to raise $200,000 and take out the Speaker of the House. In an age where [the Supreme Court cases] Citizens United and McCutcheon have unleashed massive amounts of corporate money into elections, it's a breath of fresh air for a lot of people to see a candidate take no corporate money, and be completely uncompromised by that. So we see that as an asset for our campaign.
Do you plan to get support from unions?
Absolutely, yes. The unions have poured millions of dollars into electing the Democratic Party all over the country, and I think that rank-and-file members and their leaders need to consider what they gain by supporting the Democratic Party.
The Democratic Party in Washington State lined up behind Boeing after that $8.7 billion tax handout. [They went on to] pressure the Machinist union of Boeing to accept a 10-year contract that slashed pensions. The union voted that down and were then very much pressured to vote on it again, and then it passed. And the Democratic Party basically [argued it was] necessary [for the union to accept the deal] so the state could have Boeing jobs.
We invite [the unions] to support our campaign because we would in no way have supported that contract, we would have in no way supported that $8.7 billion handout. We would have supported what the workers wanted and [we would] have gone to the workers to discuss with them what they thought was necessary to keep the production in the state and not give in to the corporation again.
What is the significance of your campaign on the national scale?
I think it's incredibly important for people that do not live in Washington State, who are not going to be able to vote for me, to understand why it's important to support these campaigns from afar. It's important for everybody on the Left, all progressives, all union rank-and-file members to really support these independent campaigns so that we can open up the space for a discussion about actually building an independent political party to represent the 99%.
On ABC's “This Week” Sunday, House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) addressed Sen. Rob Portman's (R-OH) newfound support for same-sex marriage, which the senator said was influenced by their son coming out as gay.
Boehner said they appreciate Portman's change of heart, but “can't imagine” that their own opposition to gay marriage would ever change, even if they had a child who was gay.
Their exchange with host Martha Raddatz.
MARTHA RADDATZ: There was a surprise this week. Senator Rob Portman, who is a close friend of yours, a conservative from Ohio, said they have had a change of heart about gay marriage. They will now support gay marriage after learning their own 21-year-old son Will is gay. Has Portman shared this with you?
SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER: They have, in fact, called. Listen, Rob's a great friend and a long-time ally. And I appreciate that he's decided to change their views on this. But I believe that marriage is a union of a man and a woman.
MARTHA RADDATZ: Can you imagine yourself in a situation where you reversed your decision, as Portman has, on gay marriage if a child of yours or someone you love told you they were gay?
SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER: Listen, I believe that marriage is the union of one man and one woman. All right. It's what I grew up with. It's what I believe. It's what my church teaches me. And I can't imagine that position would ever change.
MARTHA RADDATZ: Will Portman said it was not a choice. So, how do you justify denying them a right to marriage?
SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER: Listen, I think that Rob can make up their own mind, take their own position. But I've made clear my position.
“Agent Cooper… Listen to the sounds.
It is in our house now.
It all cannot be said aloud now.
Remember 4 3 0. Richard and Linda. Two birds with one stone. You are far away.”
—???????
The very first lines in the new Twin Peaks, spoken by a familiar face. But by showing seven question marks next to Carel Struycken's name, the end credits of Part 1 made one thing clear: this is not “The Giant” as we all know them from the original series.
Thanks to the week-by-week reveal of the upcoming soundtrack‘s track listing on iTunes, we know the title of the new Angelo Badalamenti music that was used during the unnamed character's wondrous levitation scene in the theater:
“The Fireman”
Considering an alarm went off in their home, setting in motion a (rather unhurried) rescue action, we can assume that “???????” is that “Fireman.” 7 question marks for 7 letters. And in a world where “fire walk with me” is synonymous with evil, a firefighter is essential in the fight against it. Like the Dutch actor said in an interview back in September, “I'm important for the development of the story.”
UPDATE: The Fireman confirmed their name in Part 14 which aired on August 13, 2017.
How do you think the firefighter fits into the Twin Peaks universe and what's their relation to the Giant? What do you think they accomplished in Part 8? And how did Dale Cooper end up at the firefighter's place in Part 1? Is it future, or is it past?
Hat tips to Nathan for sharing the song title, and to Brett.
Carel Struycken credited as The Giant in Twin Peaks Episode 8
Carel Struycken credited as ??????? in Twin Peaks Part 1
Eva Longoria, Michelle Obama, Sasha Obama, and the president onstage at this year's Christmas-tree lighting. (Photo: Getty Images)
The Obamas had their final Christmas-tree lighting on the Ellipse in President's Park last night, and of course, the first family showed up in style. While they all looked great, with Barack keeping it simple with a long, black coat, a suit, and a burgundy scarf, and Michelle wearing a black coat with a metallic pattern on the front, we were particularly digging Sasha's outerwear — a faux-fur deep navy blue Opening Ceremony coat. And we weren't alone, fashionistas on the web noticed Sasha's chic look and choice in designers.
President Sasha Obama's coat just saved my life. She's an icon. https://t.co/tOCs3SReaU — Araminta Ross (@AdmireMeyer) December 2, 2016
Sasha Obama wore the most perfect velvet coat last night https://t.co/dhbdy87O5b pic.twitter.com/ce0vWBlLi2 — News & Magazine (@news8magazine) December 2, 2016
View photos A closer look at Sasha Obama's coat. (Photo: Getty Images) More
The 15-year-old, who really enjoyed Chance the Rapper's performance at the event, accessorized with a choker. They appeared to be wearing a pair of gray jeans and a black long-sleeve top underneath. Actress Eva Longoria joined the Obama family (minus Malia) onstage during the lighting, rocking a belted white coat and matching pants.
Opening Ceremony is one of the hottest labels out there right now, with their last show at NYFW featuring an all-star lineup of comedians and famous faces fronting the event, including hosts Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein and guests Claire Danes, Andrew Garfield, and Aziz Ansari.
View photos Sasha Obama, looking ever the cool girl in their faux-fur coat. (Photo: Getty Images) More
Sasha's $695 dollar coat is actually reversible, boasting a metallic faux-leather side. And, if you love it, you can still pick one up for the holidays – it's not sold out online yet.
View photos Sasha Obama's show-stealing faux-fur coat. (Photo: Neiman Marcus More
Follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day.
Opinion America's can't-do list
The list of what works in other countries, but no longer does in the U.S., is growing.
In the last few months, as I've roamed the world from San Francisco to Copenhagen to Beijing to Dubai, I've taken to keeping a double- entry list of what works and what doesn't, country by country. Unfortunately, it's become largely a list of what works elsewhere but doesn't work here. In places such as China, South Korea, Sweden, Holland, Switzerland and (until recently) the United Arab Emirates, you find people hard at work on the challenges of education, transportation, energy and the environment. In these places, one feels the kind of hopefulness and can-do optimism that used to abound in the United States.
Another tipping point has also been on my mind lately, and it's left me no less melancholy. In this case, the threat is to my own country, the United States. We Americans too seem to have passed a tipping point. Like the glaciers of the high Himalaya, long-familiar aspects of our nation are beginning to seem as if they are, in a sense, melting away.
It is impossible to focus on those Himalayan highlands without realizing that something that once seemed immutable and eternal has become vulnerable, even perishable. Those magnificent glaciers are wasting away on an overheated planet, and no one knows what to do about it.
Lately, I've been studying the melting of glaciers in the greater Himalayas. Understanding the cascading effects of the slow-motion downsizing of one of the planet's most magnificent landforms has, to put it politely, left me dispirited.
China, a country I've visited more than 100 times since 1975, elicits an especially complicated set of feelings in me. Its Leninist government doesn't always live up to Western ideals on such things as political transparency, the rule of law, human rights and democracy. And yet it has managed to conjure an economic miracle. In China today, you feel an unmistakable sense of energy and optimism in the air that, believe me, is bittersweet for an American pondering why the regenerative powers of their own country have gone missing.
As I've traveled from China's gleaming, efficient airports to our often-chaotic and broken-down versions of the same, or ridden on Europe's high-speed trains that so sharply contrast with our clunky, slowly vanishing passenger rail system, I keep expanding my list of what works here at home and what doesn't.
Over time, the list's entries have fallen into three categories. There are things that are robust and growing, replete with promise, the envy of the world. Then there are those things that are still alive and kicking but are precariously balanced between growth and decline. Finally, there are those things that are irredeemably broken.
Here is the score card as I see it.
Aspects of U.S. life that are still vigorous and filled with potential:
Biotechnology, which is delivering much of the world's most innovative research and ideas.
Silicon Valley, which has enormous inventiveness, energy and capital at its disposal.
Civil society, which, despite the collapse of the economy, seems to be luring the best and brightest young people, and superbly performs the crucial function of goading government and other institutions.
American philanthropy, which is the most evolved, well funded and innovative in the world.
The U.S. military, the best-led, -trained and -equipped on the planet, despite being repeatedly thrust into hopeless wars by stupid politicians.
The spirit and cohesiveness of small-town American life.
The arts, including our film industry, which remains the globe's sole superpower of entertainment, along with the requisite networks of orchestras, ballet companies, theaters, pop music groups and world-class museums.
Aspects of U.S. life that still function but need help:
Higher and secondary school education, in which America boasts some of the globe's preeminent institutions. Increasingly, though, many of the best institutions are private, and jewel-in-the-crown public systems such as California's continue to be hit with devastating budget cuts.
Environmental protection, which compares favorably with that in other countries despite being underfunded.
The national energy system, which still delivers but is overdependent on oil and coal, and depends on a grid badly in need of upgrading.
Aspects of U.S. life in need of drastic intervention.
Public elementary education, which in most states is desperately underfunded and fails to deliver on its promise to provide all children with high-quality schooling.
Wow just liked the title says, I am speechless. My Secret Santa HOOKED ME UP! Seeing the box labeled fragile I was bewildered with what it contained inside. Upon opening the box I was greeted with a warm letter. I could tell that my SS really put some thought & effort into this exchange. The Walt Disney quote made me realize someone was cutting onions in my home... No one DRINKS LIKE GASTON! My new favorite mug to drink bee... Err I mean milk. Yes milk I'll make sure to bring out this bad boy for those early morning toasts ;) never in a million years would I imagine having an Incredibles pillowcase. And a homemade one at that! Now my pillow will fight back against the slobber that drenches it every night. Hi-ya! Take that drool! Sorcerer Mickey is the best Mickey. It symbolizes that Disney Magic that so many of us embrace. It is a music snow globe that plays The Sorcerer's Apprentice! How awesome is that? Unfortunately the globe detached from the base on the way to me. Thankfully nothing is broken or cracked. I'm thinking some type of glue or seal should fix it right up. Any suggestions from my fellow Redditors would be greatly appreciated :) Disney_Girl_LRC I cannot thank you enough for such thoughtful meaningful gifts. You have brought such joy to this man child. May the Disney Magic live on!
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has overtaken Hillary Clinton on a Breitbart debate poll, despite a stream of overseas Clinton bots skewing the results in favour of the Democratic nominee.
The original results of the poll were gleefully reported by networks such as CNN, who claimed the “far-right website Breitbart surprisingly had Hillary Clinton winning the final presidential debate by 6 percentage points early on Thursday.”
However, Breitbart can now reveal that the poll was actually infiltrated by foreign IP addresses, with thousands of votes coming from countries such as Romania, Germany and South Korea, who overwhelmingly voted for Hillary Clinton as the winner of the final presidential debate.
Yet despite the influx of Clinton bots, who managed to skew the poll into suggesting Clinton had a 6-point lead, Trump has since overtaken her, regaining an 8-point lead in a poll of nearly 300,000 people (and bots.)
When only taking into account votes from American IP addresses, Trump has a lead of 71 per cent to Clinton's 29 per cent.
Polling from across the night has so far proved inconclusive. A Washington Post debate poll suggested Trump won the debate 77 per cent thought they were the winner compared to 17 percent who believed the winner was Clinton, whilst a Drudge poll delivered a result of 75 per cent to 25 per cent in favour of Trump.
However a CNN poll immediately after the debate suggested that Clinton won the debate by a 13 point margin.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
According to University of Cincinnati archaeologists digging in the famed Roman city, the poor and mid-level Pompeians ate grains, fruits, nuts, olives, local fish and chicken eggs as well as exotic giraffe and flamingo meat, imported spices, some from as far away as Indonesia.
The scientists have spent more than a decade at two city blocks within a non-elite district in Pompeii, which was buried under a volcano in 79 CE.
“The excavation is producing a complete archaeological analysis of homes, shops and businesses at a forgotten area inside one of the busiest gates of Pompeii, the Porta Stabia,” said team member Dr Steven Ellis, who will present the findings on January 4, 2014 at the Joint Annual Meeting of the Archaeological Institute of America and American Philological Association in Chicago.
The area covers 10 separate building plots and a total of 20 shop fronts, most of which served food and drink. The waste that was examined included collections from drains as well as 10 latrines and cesspits, which yielded mineralized and charred food waste coming from kitchens and excrement.
“Among the discoveries in the drains was an abundance of the remains of fully-processed foods, especially grains,” Dr Ellis said.
“The material from the drains revealed a range and quantity of materials to suggest a rather clear socio-economic distinction between the activities and consumption habits of each property, which were otherwise indistinguishable hospitality businesses.”
The findings revealed foods that would have been inexpensive and widely available, such as grains, fruits, nuts, olives, lentils, local fish and chicken eggs, as well as minimal cuts of more expensive meat and salted fish from Spain.
Waste from neighboring drains would also turn up less of a variety of foods, revealing a socioeconomic distinction between neighbors.
A drain from a central property revealed a richer variety of foods as well as imports from outside Italy, such as shellfish, sea urchin and even delicacies including the butchered leg joint of a giraffe.
“That the bone represents the height of exotic food is underscored by the fact that this is thought to be the only giraffe bone ever recorded from an archaeological excavation in Roman Italy. How part of the animal, butchered, came to be a kitchen scrap in a seemingly standard Pompeian restaurant not only speaks to long-distance trade in exotic and wild animals, but also something of the richness, variety and range of a non-elite diet,” Dr Ellis explained.
Deposits also included exotic and imported spices, some from as far away as Indonesia.
“One of the deposits dates as far back as the 4th century BC, which is a particularly valuable discovery, since few other ritual deposits survived from that early stage in the development of Pompeii,” Dr Ellis said.
“The ultimate aim of our research is to reveal the structural and social relationships over time between working-class Pompeian households, as well as to determine the role that sub-elites played in the shaping of the city, and to register their response to city-and Mediterranean-wide historical, political and economic developments.”
“However, one of the larger datasets and themes of our research has been diet and the infrastructure of food consumption and food ways.”
“As a result of the discoveries, the traditional vision of some mass of hapless lemmings – scrounging for whatever they can pinch from the side of a street, or huddled around a bowl of gruel – needs to be replaced by a higher fare and standard of living, at least for the urbanites in Pompeii.”
______
Steven Ellis. Explorations into the Complexity of Foodways in Non-elite Roman Urbanites. Joint Annual Meeting of the Archaeological Institute of America and American Philological Association. 6A Plenary Session: Food and Drink. January 04, 2014
Windows uses lots of copies of the svchost file Thousands of PCs around the world have been paralysed by a security update that wrongly labelled part of Windows as a virus. The update was sent out by security firm McAfee and made affected PCs endlessly restart. Corporate customers of McAfee seemed to be the hardest hit but some individuals reported problems too. McAfee apologised for the mistake and released a fix to ensure PCs started working again. Thousands hit The problems were caused by an update to the long list McAfee's anti-virus uses to identify which programs are malicious. McAfee's 5958 update wrongly identified the Windows svchost.exe file as the wecorl.a virus. This worm tries to replace an existing svchost file with its own version to help it take over a machine. The update wrongly labelled svchost as the virus and then quarantined it. This caused many PCs to crash as Windows uses many copies of the file to keep the operating system going. Computers inside businesses running Windows XP with service pack 3 applied were the hardest hit according to reports. The University of Michigan said 8,000 of its 25,000 computers were hit by the faulty update. The SANS Internet Storm Center said the update was causing "widespread problems" and said it received reports about "networks with thousands of down machines and organizations who had to shut down for business until this is fixed." Analyst Rob Enderle said the update "pretty much took Intel down today". Mr Enderle was at the chip giant's HQ for a meeting when the widespread crash started to hit the computers of the people with whom they sat. "We believe that this incident has impacted less than one half of one percent of our enterprise accounts globally," said a statement from McAfee, adding that an even smaller percentage of its consumer customers were hit. It said it removed the update "within hours" and released an updated file free of the mistake. It also issued a "sincere apology" for the inconvenience caused.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shenzhou-10 completes manual docking with space module
（Xinhua） 13:13, June 23, 2013
BEIJING, June 23 (Xinhua) -- China's Shenzhou-10 manned spacecraft successfully completed a manual docking procedure with the orbiting Tiangong-1 space module at 10:07 a.m. Sunday, according to the Beijing Aerospace Control Center.
Launched on June 11 from northwest China's Gobi desert, the Shenzhou-10 successfully completed an automated docking procedure with the Tiangong-1 on June 13, with three astronauts aboard the Shenzhou-10 entering the space module.
At 8:26 a.m. Sunday, the spacecraft was manually separated from the Tiangong-1 module.
After the Beijing Aerospace Control Center remotely examined the spacecraft and the module, the Shenzhou-10 approached the module, with astronaut Nie Haisheng piloting the spacecraft and the other two crew members, Zhang Xiaoguang and Wang Yaping, monitoring instruments and making sure the craft was on target.
At 10:00 a.m. the spacecraft made contact with the Tiangong-1 and at 10:07, the two connected.
According to their mission schedule, the astronauts will enter the space module again and carry out scientific experiments.
The Shenzhou-10 is China's fifth manned spacecraft. Its current flight is China's first application-orientated space flight since the country's manned space program started in 1992.
China is the third country after the United States and Russia to acquire the technologies and skills necessary for space rendezvous and docking procedures, as well as supply manpower and material for an orbiting module via different docking methods.
Previous docking procedures conducted between Shenzhou-type spacecraft and the space module include two automated dockings by the unmanned Shenzhou-8 in 2011 and both an automated and manual docking by the manned Shenzhou-9 in 2012.
The Tiangong-1 space lab has been in orbit for more than 600 days. It will remain in service for another three months.
The module is considered the first step in building a permanent space station, which the country aims to do by 2020.
（Editor：DuMingming、Gao Yinan）
A new school curriculum ordered by the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan after the Trojan Horse scandal could lead to a plunge in the numbers of pupils taking Religious Studies, a leading principal has warned.
Fiona Boulton, head of Guildford High School in Surrey, one of the UK's most academically successful schools, said there was increasing “distress” among teachers about the new GCSE course which could dramatically reduce the opportunity for pupils to engage in moral and ethical debates.
Under draft plans announced before Christmas , teenagers who take RS for GCSE will have to study two world religions for the first time in an overhaul intended to increase “religious literacy”.
It is part of a series of changes following revelations that hardline Islamists had attempted to take over schools in Birmingham.
RS has proved remarkably popular as a GCSE subject despite a marked decline in formal religious observance in the UK in recent decades.
One likely explanation is the fact that the current curriculum allows schools to teach a large element of philosophy and ethics alongside religion, enabling pupils to take part in lively debates about issues such assisted suicide, sexuality, genetics, business ethics and the environment.
Mrs Boulton said there is now growing concern for the future of the subject as a result of the changes.
“My biggest fear is that we will have a drop in numbers for what at the moment we perceive to be an exciting subject and we will lose those numbers as it becomes a very dry and introspective subject,” they said.
“We don't know if they realise the implications of their decision-making
“At this stage I'm not really sure many people are aware of what is happening but within the Religious Studies teaching community the distress is there.”
They added that making changes to GCSEs and A-levels – where RS is an optional subject – rather than focusing efforts on compulsory Religious Education classes for younger children, could ultimately defeat the Government's aim of improving religious literacy.
“Of course there was a problem with the Trojan Horse issue but I don't think this is the way to tackle it,” they said.
“We applaud the aim of increasing religious tolerance but we don't feel that the proposed specifications will meet that aim and we feel it is a real shame that many of the most interesting bits of the specification are being lost.”
They added: “It is one of those things that you look at and think ‘this isn't going to work' and it isn't going to work because the Government is dictating it.”
Mrs Boulton's comments were supported by an unlikely alliance of secularists and faith leaders.
Andrew Copson, chief executive of the British Humanist Association, said: “Together with the exclusion of Humanism as an annex for study – also widely supported by teachers and academics the marginalisation of ethics in GCSE and A-level Religious Studies, is one of the main things that makes the Government's new criteria so poor.
“The 2013 curriculum framework produced by the Religious Education Council made it clear that non-religious world views needed to be studied alongside so why isn't the Government listening?”
Canon Robert Cotton, a member of the Archbishops' Council of the Church of England, said the current curriculum is not only popular but effective at increasing religious literacy precisely because the ethics and philosophy elements allows students to discuss issues as diverse as medical ethics and marriage law.
They said: “It is a withdrawal from that engagement, it is a withdrawal into theology, into to purely religious interests – that is not what our society needs.
“This curriculum is becoming more like a catechism.”
But a spokesperson for the Department for Education said: “The new GCSE requires students to have an understanding of the beliefs, teachings and practises of two religions but still allows them to spend up to 50 per cent of the course studying philosophy and ethics.
“It is clearly not acceptable that the current system allows students achieve a religious studies qualification without studying any religion.
“It is vital that the Religious Studies GCSE provides young people with a knowledge and understanding of the diversity of religious beliefs in Great Britain.
“Every major faith group agrees the current qualification fails to do this, that's why we have developed a new GCSE, which we have consulted on.”
Will the voting public decide that the new "pro-life without discrimination" candidates have gone too far in stripping women of their reproductive rights?
It started when Nevada senatorial candidate Sharron Angle suggested victims of rape should “make lemonade out of lemons” by having their attackers children, rather than allow them an abortion. Soon Colorado candidate Ken Buck was agreeing, as was Delaware congressional candidate Glen Urquhart.
As Huffington Post reports, it's a new breed of Republican candidate: Pro-Life Without Discrimination, and its been ushered in by Sarah Palin.
But the extreme view for the new right may be turning off voters, and some candidates are already letting their rigid views loosen under intense disapproval and a move to the center. Ken Buck has already softened on their abortion stance, and with the onslaught of pressure from survivors of rape and incest, they may find that position evolving, too.
New York gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino is fighting pressure as well, from a coalition of choice leaders in the state. Via CBS6 Albany:
“New York is an overwhelmingly pro-choice state and Carl Paladino's victory in the Republican Primary is deeply concerning for the women of New York,” reads the open letter, signed by various Planned Parenthood leaders and CEOs, state Senators, state Assembly members and other activists. “During their interview it became clear that Mr. Paladino is one of the most anti-woman candidates for governor – either Democrat or Republican – that the state has seen in a generation.”
NARAL's Nancy Keenan points out the obvious problems that extreme anti-choice candidates will face in wooing their own core voters who believe the role of government should be as limited as possible. From the Associated Press:
“I think these anti-choice candidates are going to trip over their own hypocrisy in the next few weeks,” said Nancy Keenan, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America. “They talk about no government intrusion in people's lives, yet they're wanting to interfere with women's very private medical decisions.”
Candidates have six weeks to convince voters that they should vote for a politician who wants to strip away the reproductive rights of all women in any situation. Is that a position Americans are willing to buy?
Following months of speculation, Augur's digital token Reputation (REP) was launched on October 4, with the core product platform slated to go live soon. Since REP's launch, the token has seen a great deal of popularity within the community and is positioned eighth on CoinCap's list of most valuable currencies.
Augur is a decentralized prediction-market network and forecasting tool built on the Ethereum network. Using Ether or other digital currencies, users can participate in forecasting the outcomes of future real-world events, and are rewarded if they correctly predict those outcomes.
Making predictions through the trading of virtual shares is the essence of how Augur functions. For example, if a person predicts that the Ohio State Buckeyes will win the national championship, or that the stage show "Hamilton" will win an Oscar, then that person would purchase "shares" in this outcome. If these shares align with the eventual outcomes, then the holder will reap a return.
Augur's groundbreaking decentralized network of oracles allows participants to report on event outcomes via Augur's prediction-market platform and earn REP - 1/22-millionth of all market trading fees - in exchange for providing Augur with accurate and reliable information on those outcomes. The more oracles there are participating in the platform, the more reliable the reported outcomes will be.
This model follows the main tenet articulated in James Surowiecki's bestselling book The Wisdom of Crowds , which states that the quality of group predictions typically exceed those of individuals. This model, therefore, makes prediction markets' forecasts more accurate than those offered by individual efforts, surveys or traditional opinion polling.
Tony Sakich, director of marketing for Augur, says that while there definitely have been hurdles with the launch, things overall have been remarkably smooth with REP distribution. "The support inquiries we had were almost entirely all user errors."
Sakich said that after REP was released, many questions began pouring in from followers of the project and from the media. The feedback, they say, has been very positive. Now that the tokens are in the hands of Augur supporters, Sakich says that it is up to the markets to decide the value and interest in the project.
"We have tried to stay in contact through Slack and Reddit, and are grateful for the interest and support. People were excited to be able to access their REP, so we know that getting the network live will help, as it's an important milestone."
To ensure the security of the platform, Augur's core developer, Joey Krug, has announced that Augur's code would comply with NASA and the Jet Propulsion Lab's coding guidelines, and with the Motor Industry Software Reliability Association guidelines. It also will encompass other various recommendations that were made after The DAO hack. These guidelines were created to ensure the safest possible software, and to support an efficient auditing process through the use of simple and secure code.
According to Sakich, Augur's ultimate goal has been to launch an easy-to-use and attractive front end while offering the most thorough security process possible. "We will continue to provide updates on the progress of the project on /r/augur and on our social media channels. We also encourage everyone to check out our GitHub to review our code, make contributions and track Augur's project."
Businesses in the community have also been responding. In the days preceding the distribution, both Kraken and Poloniex announced that they would support REP on their exchanges beginning on the first day of launch. "As far as I know, this is the first time two major exchanges announced support of a token before its distribution," said Sakich. REP is now also supported by the Bittrex and Coincheck digital currency exchanges.
"Additionally, MyEtherWallet.com and Jaxx both supported REP tokens in the first three days of trading," said Sakich, adding that Mist, Ledger Nano S and any other Ethereum wallet that can support tokens can accept also REP.
Jaxx was the first multi-platform wallet to offer REP on all of its nine platforms. Access to REP via Jaxx allows users to manage these tokens in one place, while providing more convenient and fluid access for users to enter prediction markets.
Says Anthony Di Iorio, CEO of Jaxx: "Augur is a genius concept. We are extremely excited to be integrating REP because it's been surging in growth since it entered beta and is now becoming a hot commodity … We have developed a great friendship with the team at Augur and are looking forward to providing our customer base with the most user-friendly way to manage their REP on computer, device or phone."
The digital asset exchange ShapeShift also made a rapid move to integrate the token. Through the inclusion of REP on ShapeShift, software developers as well as everyday users can instantly exchange between REP and assets such as BTC or ETH.
"Decentralized prediction markets are one of the most important applications to derive from blockchain technology," said ShapeShift CEO Erik Voorhees in a statement. "Augur has pioneered and popularized the concept and we're honored to support REP on ShapeShift from day one."
"ShapeShift is known throughout the crypto space as one of the best services for digital asset users," said Sakich. "New users will have an incredibly easy-to-use method to convert cryptocurrencies into REP tokens and vice versa. It's wonderful to have such an easy tool to recommend novice users who are interested in REP for the first time."
Will 2017 be the final season for Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger? It's still really hard to say at this point and the quarterback reiterated what they had said about that topic several months ago during several sit-downs with the media ahead of the team's first training camp practice of 2017 at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe.
During their several interviews with the local media on Friday, Roethlisberger left their future past the 2017 season up in the air and also cited the recent CTE study as a reason why they might be willing to retire in 2018. According to Joe Rutter of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, Roethlisberger called the recent CTE study “alarming” and indicated that they need to seriously consider their health moving forward and especially when it comes to their family.
“I want to play catch with my kids. I want to know my kids names,” Roethlisberger said. “As much as I want my kids to remember what I did and watch me play the game, I also want to remember them when I'm 70 years old.”
Roethlisberger, who has already suffered a few concussions during their long career, also said Friday that they plan to try a different helmet again this season and one that removes all of the air and is scanned to fit their own head.
“The pad fits snug on the head,” Roethlisberger said, according to Rutter. “It looks like the old one, but it will be different on the inside.”
For now, we'll just have to sit and wait to see how Roethlisberger's 2017 season goes and in no way should we make any assumptions that he'll play past then even though he's currently under contract through the 2019 season.
It's certainly hard to find fault Roethlisberger's year-by-year thought process at this point.
In 2006, ABC and ESPN shocked U.S. soccer fans by choosing baseball announcer Dave O'Brien as the voice of that year's World Cup in Germany. O'Brien had no previous experience with soccer, and it showed. Not only did they get names and facts wrong, but they couldn't get the rhythm of the sport down. O'Brien wasn't helped by their analyst, Marcelo Balboa. One of the most charismatic members of the famous 1994 American World Cup team that had dragged the sport into public consciousness, Balboa should have been great in the booth, but they combined terribly with O'Brien. Eventually the two managed to get to a point of basic competence, but for the biggest soccer tournament in the world, basic competence is a failure.
If you flipped on ABC or ESPN for a World Cup match this year or in 2010, you were almost certainly greeted by an announcer with an English accent. For the four World Cups prior, between 1994 and 2006, ESPN had used American voices like O'Brien—but the decision to change announcers wasn't merely an aesthetic one. The networks took sides in an ongoing war over the nature of American soccer, where announcing is one of the biggest battlegrounds about whether the sport should be Europeanized “football” or reflect a home-grown American soccer. It's a conflict that encompasses media culture, fan culture, and even the overall philosophy of U.S. Soccer's attempts to improve the national team.
Advertisement
American soccer fans are an understandably prickly sort, thanks to years of disdain from mainstream sources. In the 1990s, ESPN was often the source of that disdain, thanks to SportsCenter anchors who openly questioned why they were showing soccer highlights. But the soccer branch of ESPN had shepherded the sport almost from the beginning of its modern era, and the network's consistently good broadcasts of the World Cup, as well as Major League Soccer and the European Champions League, eventually won soccer fans' trust. Hiring O'Brien in 2006—seemingly because they could speak to non-fans—eroded that trust. And it wasn't just about the announcers: The failure of the national team to win a match, combined with the failure of storytelling in the booth, constituted a crisis in the American treatment of the sport as a whole.
The backlash was strong: ABC/ESPN didn't just pick announcers with existing soccer experience for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, they picked a group made up of British announcers and mostly British-accented analysts (Efan Ekoku and Roberto Martinez hail from elsewhere in the world, but they played and/or managed almost entirely in England.) The only American to remain in the booth for the 2010 tournament was another of those 1994 World Cup heroes, John Harkes.
Many fans loved the changes. The lead broadcaster, Martin Tyler, was a well-known English broadcaster and the lead voice in the FIFA series of video games, and they delivered instant gravitas. In the 2010 World Cup, Tyler was as effective as ever, exuding their usual technical aptitude and calm competence. But the breakout media star of the 2010 tournament was the announcer on the No. 2 team, Ian Darke. Darke most memorably provided the voice for the biggest American moment of the tournament, Landon Donovan's game-winning goal against Algeria to send the U.S. into the second round. But beyond that, Darke's dry wit, conversational style, and most importantly, their ability to raise their excitement level to the proper pitch and then bring it back down, made them fully deserving of the praise they received. It also led to a promotion: Darke is the lead voice of the current World Cup in Brazil, and their deserved ascendency seems to justify the post-O'Brien backlash.
Yet the backlash against American announcers was so successful that it's driven those voices out, and this is a bad thing. It's also part of a growing trend across the entirety of the sport in this country, where European styles are fetishized at the cost of home-grown American soccer culture.
Advertisement
One of the great arguments in American soccer circles in the 1990s was about the need for a genius “flair” player. Known as the “number 10,” for the jersey number worn by South American legends Pelé and Diego Maradona (and traditionally given to the most creative attacking midfielder on the field), the theory was that American teams, especially the national team, would never come to world prominence until they managed to get a player who could single-handedly control a match. This was a Latin American conceit. The “flair” theory is an adaptation of the idea of soccer as “the beautiful game,” which imagines the sport as an exuberant jazz-like combination of virtuosic geniuses, passing, moving, and dribbling in harmony. It continues to hold true today—Sports Illustrated recently published a fascinating piece about the flair of current Brazilian superstar Neymar.
The then-new Major League Soccer chased the “number 10” by grabbing two of those creative South American midfielders: Bolivia's Marco Etcheverry, and Colombia's Carlos Valderrama, who became the league's biggest non-American stars. This also meant putting as many eggs as possible into the development of youth players. The last of them was Freddy Adu, who signed a professional contract at age 14 and never panned out. The most successful, however, was Landon Donovan, the face of American soccer through the 2000s. But as good as Donovan has been, he's never been the Maradona-style creative flair player of the “number 10” theory. Instead, Donovan has been a technically skilled, hard-working, effective player, great at sprinting down the field on the counterattack, and the entire American team—indeed, American soccer culture as a whole—has joined Donovan. The U.S. Men's National Team became a team of Martin Tylers: hard-working, technically competent but not terribly exciting and thoroughly lacking in flair (with the exception of players named Clint, oddly enough).
Not coincidentally, this hard-running technical style is the sort of play most often lionized in the English Premier League. Although MLS was founded in 1996, the modern era in American soccer began with the team's qualification for the 1990 World Cup; the Premier League was founded shortly after, in 1992, adapting the rules and encouraging broadcasting in a fashion that swiftly made it the most lucrative national league in the world. For American fans—who, like most of the world, could see Premiership matches more easily than any others—this was the league that seemed to be biggest, best, and most authentic in the world. Our home-grown traditions, league, and announcers paled in comparison.
Advertisement
I was one of these Euro-snobs. But I firmly believed that trying to be more English was a perfectly legitimate goal for soccer culture here, and that English announcers were smarter and better. After all, I'd played enough FIFA to know that John Motson and Andy Gray simply had to be the best announcers in the world, right?
Then I started visiting English websites, reading their media criticism, and discovering that Motson and Gray weren't the beloved titans of football media I'd thought. Motson was still liked, though criticized for being forgetful and unexcitable, while Gray was roundly disliked for providing virtually no analysis at all beyond “he's done well” for things that were obviously good. Then I was able to watch and listen to matches called by these supposedly authentically smarter announcers, and my teenaged self discovered a then-shocking fact: Just because someone has a British (especially English) accent doesn't mean they're smart about soccer.
Meanwhile, in the biggest European and English club teams, as well as on many of the national teams, there's little division between flair players and those hard workers. South American mega-stars like Neymar and Lionel Messi have their European counterparts like Arjen Robben of the Netherlands, Belgium's Eden Hazard, Germany's Mesut Özil, and Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo. Whatever truth might have been behind the stereotype of efficient Europeans versus creative South Americans from years ago has long since dissolved in the globalization of the sport. Only a few vestiges of parochial English Premier League ideals remain—but they also remain in American soccer culture.
Advertisement
American soccer fans have, if anything, become more convinced that English-style everything is the ideal American soccer should shoot for. Fan culture is no longer the hodgepodge of European, Latin American, and American influences but is now a chanting, scarf-waving facsimile of English fandom. Some MLS teams have adopted the naming style of European clubs—the Dallas Burn became F.C. Dallas; the Kansas City Wizards became Sporting K.C. When Salt Lake City received a franchise in 2004, it inexplicably named the team Real Salt Lake, taking a page from Spanish super-club Real Madrid—“real” means “royal” in Spanish, which has no connection to anything except that it sounds like classy European soccer.
So when I watched the 2010 World Cup, I had some relief that the lead announcers from 2006 were no longer flubbing crucial calls. But just as much, I found myself missing 2006's No. 2 crew, which consisted of Americans J.P. Dellacamera and John Harkes. Harkes was as good as as they were with Darke in 2010—a little over-exuberant, perhaps, but brimming with insight and prediction. (The lead American analyst at the current World Cup, Taylor Twellman, has similar qualities.)
Dellacamera, on the other hand, has been one of the most consistent voices in American soccer for decades, calling MLS and national team games all over the place, not to mention all-time famous American matches like the 1999 Women's World Cup Final and “The Shot Heard Round The World,” the 1989 match against Trinidad and Tobago when a shock American goal qualified the U.S. for the World Cup, opening the floodgates to mass popularity in the States. Dellacamera was and still is good, maybe a bit more assertive and a bit less sly than Darke, but with the same gift for letting their voice rise and fall with the difficult rhythms of the sport. To not have Dellacamera and American announcers like him, who put in the work to help turn soccer into a mass sport, felt like an erasing of the history that American soccer that fans and players and broadcasters had put together.
Advertisement
In its place, we get the great Ian Darke, yes, but we get Darke paired with Steve McManaman, a British voice from the Andy Grey school of being able to say when good or bad things are obviously good or bad. (If I hear “oh, he's done poorly” one more time…) To be fair to McManaman, he's much better in the studio.
The battle over announcing and American soccer culture may have a current winner, with the Euro-fans taking the crown, but it's not anywhere near over. Fox outbid ESPN and ABC for the next two World Cups, and the network made it clear that enthusiastic American Gus Johnson is their pick to announce the biggest soccer matches on Fox moving forward. Johnson is beloved in general sports circles primarily for their March Madness calls, demonstrating more flair than just about anyone in the booth, in any sport. He's been given six years to get ready—instead of six months like Dave O'Brien. Yet soccer fans have not been kind.
Meanwhile, after four straight World Cups with American managers, the U.S. Men's National Team hired German manager Jürgen Klinsmann, who has made no secret of their desire to move the team away from the hard-working, technically skilled model of their predecessors, and create a team in the new mold of world soccer, a creative, attacking team that relies on possession more than counterattacks—an idea that sounded wonderful up until Klinsmann dropped counterattacking star Landon Donovan from the World Cup team. The team still played well, but in their last two matches, against strong all-around European teams Germany and Belgium, the Americans showed impressive bravery without the creative flair they needed to progress.
Advertisement
The war for the soul of American soccer continues, in the booth and on the field.
A rainy encounter in London on the banks of the Thames unlocks a tale of loss and grief in this exclusive story from Neil Gaiman, Down to a Sunless Sea
The Thames is a filthy beast: it winds through London like a snake, or a sea serpent. All the rivers flow into it, the Fleet and the Tyburn and the Neckinger, carrying all the filth and scum and waste, the bodies of cats and dogs and the bones of sheep and pigs down into the brown water of the Thames, which carries them east into the estuary and from there into the North Sea and oblivion.
It is raining in London. The rain washes the dirt into the gutters, and it swells streams into rivers, rivers into powerful things. The rain is a noisy thing, splashing and pattering and rattling the rooftops. If it is clean water as it falls from the skies it only needs to touch London to become dirt, to stir dust and make it mud.
Nobody drinks it, neither the rain water nor the river water. They make jokes about Thames water killing you instantly, and it is not true. There are mudlarks who will dive deep for thrown pennies then come up again, spout the river water, shiver and hold up their coins. They do not die, of course, or not of that, although there are no mudlarks over fifteen years of age.
The woman does not appear to care about the rain.
They walk the Rotherhithe docks, as they have done for years, for decades: nobody knows how many years, because nobody cares. They walk the docks, or they stare out to sea. They examine the ships, as they bob at anchor. They must do something, to keep body and soul from dissolving their partnership, but none of the folk of the dock have the foggiest idea what this could be.
You take refuge from the deluge beneath a canvas awning put up by a sailmaker. You believe yourself to be alone under there, at first, for they are statue-still and staring out across the water, even though there is nothing to be seen through the curtain of rain. The far side of the Thames has vanished.
And then they see you. They see you and they begin to talk, not to you, oh no, but to the grey water that falls from the grey sky into the grey river. They say, "My son wanted to be a sailor," and you do not know what to reply, or how to reply. You would have to shout to make yourself heard over the roar of the rain, but they talk, and you listen. You discover yourself craning and straining to catch them words.
"My son wanted to be a sailor.
"I told them not to go to sea. I'm your mother, I said. The sea won't love you like I love you, she's cruel. But they said, Oh Mother, I need to see the world. I need to see the sun rise in the tropics, and watch the Northern Lights dance in the Arctic sky, and most of all I need to make my fortune and then, when it's made I will come back to you, and build you a house, and you will have servants, and we will dance, mother, oh how we will dance...
"And what would I do in a fancy house? I told him. You're a fool with your fine talk. I told them of their father, who never came back from the sea – some said they were dead and lost overboard, while some swore blind they'd seen them running a whore-house in Amsterdam.
"It's all the same. The sea took him.
"When they were twelve years old, my boy ran away, down to the docks, and they shipped on the first ship they found, to Flores in the Azores, they told me.
"There are ships of ill-omen. Bad ships. They give them a lick of paint after each disaster, and a new name, to fool the unwary.
"Sailors are superstitious. The word gets around. This ship was run aground by its captain, on orders of the owners, to defraud the insurers; and then, all mended and as good as new, it gets taken by pirates; and then it takes shipment of blankets and becomes a plague ship crewed by the dead, and only three men bring it into port in Harwich...
"My son had shipped on a stormcrow ship. It was on the homeward leg of the journey, with them bringing me their wages – for they were too young to have spent them on women and on grog, like their father – that the storm hit.
"He was the smallest one in the lifeboat.
"They said they drew lots fairly, but I do not believe it. They were smaller than them. After eight days adrift in the boat, they were so hungry. And if they did draw lots, they cheated.
"They gnawed their bones clean, one by one, and they gave them to their new mother, the sea. They shed no tears and took them without a word. She's cruel.
"Some nights I wish they had not told me the truth. They could have lied.
"They gave my boy's bones to the sea, but the ship's mate – who had known my husband, and known me too, better than my husband thought they did, if truth were told – they kept a bone, as a keepsake.
"When they got back to land, all of them swearing my boy was lost in the storm that sank the ship, they came in the night, and they told me the truth of it, and they gave me the bone, for the love there had once been between us.
"I said, you've done a bad thing, Jack. That was your son that you've eaten.
"The sea took them too, that night. They walked into her, with their pockets filled with stones, and they kept walking. He'd never learned to swim.
"And I put the bone on a chain to remember them both by, late at night, when the wind crashes the ocean waves and tumbles them on to the sand, when the wind howls around the houses like a baby crying."
The rain is easing, and you think they are done, but now, for the first time, they look at you, and appears to be about to say something. They have pulled something from around their neck, and now they are reaching it out to you.
"Here," they say. I eyes, when they meet yours, are as brown as the Thames. "Would you like to touch it?"
You want to pull it from their neck, to toss it into the river for the mudlarks to find or to lose. But instead you stumble out from under the canvas awning, and the water of the rain runs down your face like someone else's tears.
• Supported by the national lottery through Arts Council England
NEW YORK, Oct. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- A gain of only 142,000 new jobs in September on top of a soft reading of 136,000 in August provides more evidence that the US economy is experiencing a slowdown in job growth. While disappointing compared with expectations, this slower job growth is more in line with the mediocre GDP growth of recent years, and also suggests that the very low productivity growth during that time is not sustainable. Part of the weakness in the recent slowdown in job growth was a result of the drop in manufacturing employment which is clearly suffering from weak exports growth. Even if employment continues to grow at about 150,000 per month, the lack of any signs of a recovery in labor force growth suggests that the unemployment rate will continue to go down, perhaps going below 5 percent by the end of the year.
About The Conference Board
The Conference Board is a global, independent business membership and research association working in the public interest. Our mission is unique: To provide the world's leading organizations with the practical knowledge they need to improve their performance and better serve society. The Conference Board is a non-advocacy, not-for-profit entity holding 501 (c) (3) tax-exempt status in the United States. www.conference-board.org
SOURCE The Conference Board
Related Links
http://www.conference-board.org
CLOSE Air Force Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, commander of the 45th Space Wing and director of the Eastern Range, talks about SpaceX's two operational pads.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifts off from Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station for the eighth Commercial Resupply Services mission on April 8, 2016. (Photo: NASA)
Despite chilly weather settling over the Space Coast this weekend, the outlook for Tuesday's SpaceX Falcon 9 launch from Cape Canaveral is mostly favorable, according to Air Force forecasters.
Conditions are expected to be 80 percent "go" for the 11:46 a.m. mission from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Launch Complex 40 with a Dragon spacecraft destined for the International Space Station. Forecasters noted a possible violation of the liftoff winds rule as the only concern.
"A front passed through Central Florida overnight and temperatures behind this front will plummet into the 40s Monday morning," forecasters said. "On Tuesday, a mid-level trough will sweep down over Central Florida and winds will again climb after noon."
[SpaceX launch rate expected to increase after Cape Canaveral launch]
[Cape Canaveral pad online as SpaceX fires rocket; Zuma scheduled for 2018]
The "flight proven" rocket, previously launched in June 2017, is expected to descend to Cape Canaveral's Landing Zone 1 about 8 minutes after liftoff. The Dragon spacecraft packed with supplies is being reused, too – it flew on a 2015 resupply mission.
The launch – SpaceX's 13th under NASA's Commercial Resupply Services contract – will take a thousand of pounds of supplies, cargo and science experiments to the crew of the ISS before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean at a later date.
Contact Emre Kelly at aekelly@floridatoday.com or 321-242-3715. Follow them on Twitter and Facebook at @EmreKelly.
Launch Tuesday
Rocket: SpaceX Falcon 9
Mission: ISS resupply for NASA
Launch Time: 11:46 a.m.
Launch Window: Instantaneous
Launch Complex: 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Weather: 80 percent "go"
Join FloridaToday.com/Space at 10 a.m. Tuesday for countdown chat and updates, including streaming of NASA's launch webcast.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2B5wljm
NumbersUSA is a non-partisan, single-issue organization. This roundup is focused on Sen. Sessions' immigration positions and how the subject of immigration is handled during the confirmation hearings.
The campaign to delegitimize Senator Jeff Sessions barely reared its head on the first day of their confirmation hearing.
Politico reports: "Potentially ugly hearing becomes more of a love-fest" with even those Democrats who challenged Sessions complimenting them as a colleague and a friend.
Byron York's report, "Sessions Showdown Fizzles," says Sessions addressed the smear campaign head on. "These are damnably false charges," Sessions said in their opening remarks. Few of their colleagues appeared eager or prepared to disagree.
The National Review says Sessions was comfortable swatting down attacks on their character.
The New York Times has the bottom line:
"Senate Democrats do not have the votes, by themselves, to prevent Mr. Sessions from becoming attorney general, and they have spared their colleague any vitriol, doing little to undermine theirs confirmation....
"....Mr. Sessions has been in the Senate for nearly 20 years and is liked by their colleagues. Moderate Republicans and at least one Democrat have said they will vote for him, which all but guarantees their confirmation."
Attacks Fall Short
Despite the likely outcome of Sessions' confirmation, Democrats are under pressure from immigration-expansionist lobbies to sully Sessions' character. The few attempts to do so yesterday fell short.
Dave Weigel of the Washington Post says Sen. Amy Klobuchar (MN) kicked an "own goal" in a backfiring attempt to use Sessions' immigration positions against him:
"Perhaps accidentally, Democrats gave Attorney General-designate Jeff Sessions an opening to discuss immigration policy - one of the issues on which the minority sees them as most potentially disruptive - in their own preferred terms....
"....'If you bring in a larger flow of labor, then it does impact adversely the wage prospects and job prospects of American citizens,' said Sessions. 'I think we should evaluate immigration on whether or not it serves the national interest, not the corporate interest. It has to serve the people's interest first.'"
Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal's attack on Sessions for receiving an award from the immigration-reduction group FAIR also backfired, as it opened the door for arguably Sessions' most memorable quote of the ten-hour hearing As Politico reports:
"As Sen. Richard Blumenthal pressed Sessions about awards they received but didn't report on a committee questionnaire, the Connecticut Democrat asked a surprisingly provocative question: 'Are there any other awards from groups that have similar kinds of ideological negative views of immigrants or of African-Americans or Muslims or others including awards that you may have received from the Ku Klux Klan?'
"'Well, I wouldn't receive it from Henry Hays, I'll tell you that. They no longer exists,' Sessions shot back, referring to a Klansman who got the death penalty in a case Sessions helped pursue. 'No, I wouldn't accept an award from the Klan.'"
Here is a video clip of the exchange.
Blumenthal's line of questioning also opened the door for Sessions to testify as to the Southern Poverty Law Center's (SPLC) active, non-objective, role in the immigration debate. Lifezette reports Sessions' comments:
"'First of all, I don't know that I defer to the Southern Poverty Law Center as the final authority of who's a radical group,' they said. 'So I would first challenge that. They acknowledged publicly and have in the last few weeks that I was a strong sister to them in prosecuting the {Ku Klux} Klan, but they said they oppose me because their views on immigration. Well, I believe my views on immigration are correct, just, decent, and right.'"
Attempts to smear Sessions outside of the hearing also backfired as a culture writer for MTV was strongly condemned by CNN's Jake Tapper and other journalists for a tweet about Jeff Sessions' granddaughter.
Back inside the hearing, Linsey Graham (no ally of Sessions on immigration) poked fun at a statement from 1,300 law professors opposed to Senator Sessions:
"We're about to get an answer to the age-old question, can you be confirmed attorney general of the United States over the objection of 1,400 law professors?"
The link above includes a video clip of the room laughing. But the statement from law professors faced more serious criticism from Michael I. Krauss, professor of legal ethics, in Forbes:
"The statement claims that some (it never says how many) of its signers object to Sessions' view that illegal entry into America should be prohibited. Wanting to enforce our laws is not disqualifying for an Attorney General, except perhaps in a Bizarro world....
"...Character assassination is so unworthy of our profession..."
Elsewhere, Sessions' immigration positions are defended in Religion News Service, where Professor James K. Hoffmeier makes the case that the Bible does not require nations to admit citizens of other countries who arrive without permission.
The Sessions smear took another hit yesterday when Sen. Tim Scott, the only Black Republican in the Senate endorsed Sessions.
Day two of the confirmation hearing
The most-anticipated witness today was Sen. Corey Booker (NJ) who became the first U.S. Senator to testify against another U.S. Senator in a confirmation hearing. The Washington Post notes that Booker themselves continues to offer praise for the man they testified against:
"'I am really proud to have worked with Jeff Sessions on awarding that medal to those marchers,' {Booker} said. 'I am really grateful for the collegial relationship that they and I have had, the frank conversation, the decorum with which they had greeted me and I hope that they think I have greeted him. I met with them { Monday } with staff there, and that feeling of goodwill was there and they knew I was going to testify.'"
Tim Carney of the Washington Examiner sees a showdown between a "corporatist and a populist":
"...Sessions has clashed with tech companies who want cheaper labor, while Booker got rich off Silicon Valley while in office. The same tech companies bankroll theirs campaigns....
"....it's one of Wall Street's favorite senators attacking one of Wall Street's least favorite."
TIME says Booker "used the afternoon to take a splashy stand and lay groundwork for a potential 2020 presidential run."
But it was Civil Rights icon John Lewis (Representative from Georgia) who briefly alluded to immigration, saying "{Sessions} will be expected to defend the rights of immigrants and affirm their human dignity, but their record indicates that they won't." The New York Times reports that, like Booker, Lewis has not always been antagonistic towards Sessions:
"As Mr. Lewis was about to testify, Trump transition team members circulated photographs showing Mr. Sessions and Mr. Lewis marching together over the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma to commemorate the 50th anniversary of a confrontation there between civil rights marchers like Mr. Lewis, whose skull was fractured, and police officers."
CNN reports that the "Democrats failed to land any knockout blows on Session during the hearing."
JEREMY BECK is the Director of the Media Standards Project for NumbersUSA
Back on April 6th, it was announced that Team NP would be parting ways with both SVG and 1437. This filled fans with disappointment, as the anime team began to fall apart. As in every good anime, it seems as if NP are now transitioning to the next level. The release of SVG and 1437 came as no surprise to fans as NP had missed out on qualification to Kiev as well as some other minor tournaments.
Once the announcement was made the rumour mill began churning out potential new teammates for Envy and the squad. Finally after over a month of waiting the new Team NP roster was finally announced.
Team NP – The Announcement
On May 3rd, it was announced that Team NP would be reuniting Envy with former teammates Fata and PieLieDie. Reuniting Envy with their old Cloud 9 teammates has certainly strengthened Team NP. Along with this announcement, it was also confirmed that Aui would be returning to the 4 position once again.
Arguably the most important announcement was that Envy would no longer display their world class mid lane skills. No longer will we see their Basillus rush. No longer will we see their tower dives 2 minutes in. Perhaps the biggest crime is that no longer will we be treated to the best Invoker plays in the history of Dota 2.
Watching this video, it's hard to understand why NP never won a LAN…
The New Team NP
We reached out to Envy to get their thoughts on their new team, here is what they had to say:
What are your thoughts on the new team?
We're definitely a full retard crazy team
Talk about stating the obvious. Pretty sure they should change the name to Team No TP. Maybe Envy and Fata have learnt from DAC 2015.
Why did you decide to pick up Pie and Fata?
We wanted to get a bunch of second places and I knew this would give us the highest chance to achieve that.
Nice to see Envy aiming high as always.
Team NP – The Future
All jokes aside, this team looks very strong. With Envy back playing carry and Aui playing position four. All the players are back in the correct positions. This time last year, Fata was one of the most consistent mid players and this will take a lot of the pressure of Envy. MSS has proved time and time again that they are a top tier offlaner that is able to heavily influence games. Pie will bring a wealth of experience to the side, as well as so much need solidity in the support position.
This NP team looks strong enough to pressure EG and Thunderbirds domestically and also compete on an international stage.
It is now full steam ahead as Team NP try to build up some momentum heading into the treacherous TI7 regional qualifiers.
Late last week, a company came one step closer to sending tourists to the edge of space using ginormous balloons, breaking a record for the world's highest parafoil flight.
Arizona-based World View carried the parafoil—a large, wing-like parachute—to the edge of space using its ballon, and had it fly back to the ground. It also carried experiments designed by students from Montana State University and the University of North Florida.
The experiments, which tested high-definition video and computer equipment at high altitudes, aren't the news here. Neither is reaching that altitude. World View has flown to this height and higher before. Last year, it acquired the tech Paragon StratEx used in October to float Google exec Alan Eustace up to 135,000 feet before they detached and dove/plummeted back down. Researchers have been sending similar balloons to edge-of-space altitudes for years, transporting payloads and collecting data.
The significance of World View's latest endeavor lies in the downward flight of the parafoil, a fundamental piece of the projected designs its manned tourist expeditions. The company wants to load its passengers into a flight capsule, attach that to a massive (as in roughly-the-size-of-a-football-stadium massive) polyethylene balloon filled with gas, and float them up to the destination altitude. After a leisurely two-hour jaunt through near-space, the capsule will begin its return trip, using the balloon initially and then transitioning to the parafoil to glide back to Earth.
World View
For this variety of manned near-space travel to become even remotely feasible, World View must first prove its parafoil (which it calls the ParaWing) can be relied upon to act as both the safety net and the landing mechanism from 100,000 feet. Setting this record proves parafoil flight from that height is possible. From here, World View will move forward to testing parafoil descents with heavier payloads.
Compared to rocket-powered offerings from space tourism companies like Virgin Galactic and XCOR, World View's balloon scheme has some advantages. Visitors get to spend several hours in the near-space environment, rather than a few minutes outside of the atmosphere. Floating up to altitude, instead of rocketing up, promises to be a more serene experience and doesn't require special training or equipment. Passengers won't be weightless, but there is a bar onboard (who doesn't want to pop bottles 100,000 feet up?). And it will be less expensive than other suborbital flights.
Don't confuse “less expensive” with “inexpensive.” A ticket to reserve your ride in the flight capsule is still going to set you back $75,000. And even though the capsules will float to the edge-of-space, they don't actually go into space, which is something of a bummer for anyone looking to say they've actually been to the final frontier and willing to spend that kind of cash.
World View doesn't have plans to launch their first flight until the end of 2016, but if a balloon ride to the point where aeronaut meets astronaut sounds like your idea of a good time, you may want to get a head start on setting aside some money.
(This Nov. 23 story was refiled to fix headline to add dropped word)
Abbot Phra Dhammachayo (C) arrives for a ceremony at the Wat Phra Dhammakaya temple in Pathum Thani province, north of Bangkok on Makha Bucha Day, March 4, 2015. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand's attorney general said on Wednesday it would charge the abbot of a powerful Buddhist sect and four others suspected of money laundering in the latest twist of a long-running saga that has divided Thai Buddhism.
Police in the predominantly Buddhist country have tried several times to arrest Phra Dhammachayo, abbot of Wat Phra Dhammakaya, a futuristic-looking monastery located some 50 km (30 miles) north of Bangkok.
“Prosecutors have agreed to charge Phra Dhammachayao of Dhammakaya temple on charges of conspiracy to launder money, money laundering and receiving stolen goods,” Somnuek Siangkong, spokesperson of the Office of the Attorney General, told Reuters.
Thailand's Department of Special Investigation in 2015 summoned Phra Dhammachayo for questioning after their temple was accused of receiving more than 1 billion baht ($28 million) of embezzled funds.
Prosecutors in charge of the case have postponed a decision to charge the monk four times while Phra Dhammachayo has failed to show up for police questioning, citing ill health.
The controversy over Phra Dhammachayo, 72, has fueled a feud between traditionalists in Thai Buddhism and those who support more modern sects.
The country's dominant religion has come under repeated scrutiny following a series of sex, drugs and money scandals involving several temples and monks over the years.
Critics say that the Dhammakaya Temple, which says it has millions of followers around the world, is too money-focused and encourages financial donations as a way to gain good karma.
They also say it strays from the Theravada Buddhism practiced by millions of Thais.
The temple denies this.
The attorney general's office on Wednesday said the statute of limitations in the case against Dhammachayo was 15 years and that police would have to arrest Dhammachayo within that time.
Phra Sanitwong Wuttiwangso, the temple's public relations chief, said Dhammachayo was at the temple and has not fled abroad.
“Our abbot is very sick and cannot travel outside the temple grounds,” they said.
THIS building is so huge it could fit 20 Sydney Opera Houses inside and is three times the size of the Pentagon in Washington. It features a re-creation of a 'Mediterranean village', shopping centres, a water park, hotels, a 14-screen movie theatre and an ice-skating rink.
It even has an "artificial sun" to provide light and heat 24 hours a day.
Welcome to the New Century Global Center. The largest freestanding building in the world, it has a staggering floor space of 1.76 million square metres. According to reports, it's approximately 500m long, 400m wide and 100m high.
In pictures: Weird buildings
Built next to an artificial lake and housing a massive water park inside, "This is an ocean city built by man," Chinese guide Liu Xun told AFP.
media_camera The design for the massive building. Picture: Janghou Group
The jaw-dropping building has just opened in a new and booming area of Chengdu, Southwestern China.
media_camera The water park is seen in the New Century Global Centre building. Picture: AFP
Chengdu is home to 14 million people.
media_camera Workers clean the glass roof of the New Century Global Centre. Picture: AFP
It took three years to complete the massive project.
Win a trip for two to Queenstown, NZ
###
media_camera It's the world's largest stand-alone structure. Picture: AFP
media_camera Visitors explore the building. Picture: AFP
Originally published as Mega-building: Inside massive 'ocean city'
India is one of four countries, along with Nigeria, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea, with the largest number of living languages. Since 2010, in a project initiated by Prof. G.N. Devy, founder of the Bhasha Research and Publication Centre in Vadodara, a large team of scholars has been conducting a comprehensive survey of Indian languages, publishing their findings in state-wise volumes from 2013 onwards.This month, the People's Linguistic Survey Of India (PLSI) brought out another 11 volumes, taking the total to 37, and proposes to complete its task of publishing 92 books by 2020.
Prof. Devy's interest in documenting languages doesn't come from any form of romanticism about preserving them, but from a keenness to further livelihood opportunities for the speakers of these languages.
At an event in New Delhi presided over by former prime minister Manmohan Singh, Prof. Devy also spoke of a new project that they are leading: the Global Language Status Report (GLSR), which proposes to cover 6,000 living languages around the world, and assess how long they will survive. They believe it may not be long before we become a world without languages and move on to an image-based means of communication. In the first phase, research teams will start work this year with Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and India; they hope to publish the findings by 2020. Edited excerpts from an interview:
Will the ‘PLSI' project end with the publication of 92 volumes in 2020?
With that, this project makes a beginning. After every 10 years, it will be updated. I'm an old man, but we already have a team in place for the next two decades. We have chosen a symbol for this project, a great painting by Gulam Mohammed Sheikh of a tree, half of which dies, and half comes to life. Similarly, the project will never end.
The ‘PLSI' has recorded 780 languages. Have you covered all the living languages?
We could not capture another 70-80 languages, which maybe 10 years from now we will. Some were in disturbed areas: Mizoram, on the border of Myanmar. Some because they came to our notice after the volume was prepared. Some because of interpretation. The coastal languages of Gujarat—we have seven, but now it comes about that there is an eighth language. That's because community names are nearly identical. We have issued an appeal that if anybody identifies a language missing, they should report to us.
The 1961 census recorded 1,652 mother tongues. The ‘PLSI' has recorded 780 languages. Are the rest dead?
The term mother tongue does not have a fixed meaning in the English language. Sometimes it means the language of the area, at other times the language of the family, at times the language of the biological mother. The census list of mother tongues is a very accurate report of what every citizen of India (said) they speak. These 1,652 names of languages are actually mother-tongue labels. The census itself does not determine whether something is a language or not; it's scholars who (do).
They concluded that at that stage there were approximately 1,100 languages. The others were subsets of languages, duplications of the same language or names of non-languages which data-entry persons entered. You know, for 256 of the labels, there were less than five speakers, which means they were errors. Out of the approximately 1,100 languages, we have identified 780. About 70-80 might have escaped our attention. So I will put the figure at 850. That is, 250 no longer exist; they have disappeared.
Is the primary motivation behind ‘PLSI' to save languages from disappearing?
The primary motivation is elsewhere. After print technology came to India, the languages which developed printed literature were put in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution after independence. Those languages were considered for giving full statehood during the linguistic reorganization. In the process, the languages which do not have the status of a scheduled language, they were divided between states. Gondi is now spoken in Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Odisha and a bit of Andhra Pradesh . Bhili is divided between Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. Santhali is divided between Bengal, Jharkhand and Bihar. So Santhali, Bhili and Gondi, they are major linguistic zones, but because of the division, they become minority languages.
So, in the educational structure, their importance is less. Therefore, their ability to provide a livelihood to people is diminished. So, the effect on people's lives: Migration starts, their cultural loss is tremendous, their traditional knowledge collapses. It leads to cultural loss, knowledge loss and social and economic imbalance. So we thought it is good to provide a voice to these languages and register their linguistic citizenship in the official records. That was the motivation.
Most of us involved in the survey were not linguists who were romantic about having documented the languages. That is not the passion; the passion is that people who speak these languages must survive.
And has the state taken note of your findings and responded?
After our work was done in 2013, the then education minister invited me to give a presentation. They had called the census authorities and officials from the education and culture ministries. At the time, the census department, which had also been doing a survey for the last seven Five-Year Plans, which means 35 years, had completed the survey of four states. After the presentation, they decided to change the orientation of their survey. They said, now the linguistic survey is done, we will do audiovisual documentation of languages. This is one impact.
Secondly, the University Grants Commission set up a special committee and they wrote a glorious letter saying that your linguistic survey work should be immortalized and we would like to release a very big grant to you. Eventually, the grant did not come, but the letter has come.
When we see television debates about diversity, and people state our country has 780 languages, it is clear to me that their impression has come from PLSI data. It is part of national folklore. People know that such a thing has happened.
I think our country has tremendous diversity. We are among the four countries in the world with the maximum number of languages: Nigeria, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and India. All other nations are talking about the decline of languages. I wanted to talk about the great diversity of living languages; the presence of languages rather than the death of languages. I'm not here to bemoan the death of a language, but to celebrate that such a diversity exists. If we don't pay attention, even that will go.
Since 2013, when the last batch of books was published, what are the interesting findings?
Scripts—initially I thought there were 66 scripts in the country; now I find there are more ways of writing. Then, Dakhani, spoken in eastern Maharashtra and parts of Telangana, is acquiring a higher status than before. Earlier, people used to laugh at it. That prejudice against Dakhani speakers has gone down. Even non-Dakhani speakers have switched to Dakhani.
Code-mixing (mixing two languages or language varieties in speech) in India is a direct result of political oppression. Look up Tripura and Kerala and you will find very small languages which should have disappeared, they are actually gaining status. In Gujarat, Bhili has gained status, Dakhani in Maharashtra and Telangana is gaining status. The reason is in oppressive political systems. Wherever governments identified Naxals as existing, in that state some small language has suddenly started going up.
We have not done enough anthropological study on this phenomenon but it is like, if there is a very fearsome father, you notice the child starts grumbling. It's the same relationship with the state that the small communities have. Some small language starts becoming active, developing new words, new ways of irony, humour, satire, metaphor. The best indicator of political dissatisfaction is fluctuations in language use. In Russia, such studies have been carried out.
This month, the People's Linguistic Survey Of India (PLSI) brought out another 11 volumes, taking the total to 37, and proposes to complete its task of publishing 92 books by 2020.
The GLSR that you have started working on now is an extension of the ‘PLSI'?
The PLSI is a snapshot of languages. In GLSR, we are going to do a janampatri of languages, a horoscope. I am going to predict for how long every language will remain alive, survive. This (PLSI) is about the present of the language, that is about the future of the languages. It will ultimately say when human beings will go past language as a means of communication. It will show a world when we are without languages.
Is that even possible?
The first 200,000 years of its existence, the Homo sapiens used theatre as its language. It was a pre-lingual, pre-voice-based language: moving hands, bending bodies, enlarging your eyes, scratching your head, patting on the back. Then we used tonal languages, like when you say hmmm, or if we laugh. That laughter is not Hindi, it is universal. We started using sound-based languages only 70,000 years ago.
Humans have passed through these communication phases: theatre, music, voice. Now we are very, very rapidly moving into a new means of communication, which is image-based communication. The semantic payload of the words will be reduced. We'll use visual languages more. That is because we have 85 billion neurons in the brain which does analysis of the sounds we hear and draws meaning, saves the memory of the meaning, retrieves them. That takes a little longer because the sounds go to the neurons through the ears; the images go through the pre-frontal cortex and take much less time. That means less energy is required.
So now, instead of the left side of the brain, which does the language analysis, it is the pre-frontal side of the brain which is becoming more active. This won't take too long; it can happen in another 100 years, or 1,000 years. That's why oral languages are dying. And new image-based ways of communication are emerging.
(Where there are oppressive political systems) some small language starts becoming active, developing new words, new ways of irony, humour, satire, metaphor. The best indicator of political dissatisfaction is fluctuations in language use.-
You were also involved in a Unesco project to conserve languages.
Unesco had conceptualized a world-class institute on this subject. I was asked to draw out the concept. But there was a tussle among 16 nations about where this work would go. And the result was very interesting: It did not go anywhere.
But then Unesco made a second attempt. They have drawn up a set of 33 parameters to determine the health of languages. It wants to do a survey of all living languages in the world. What I'm doing (in GLSR) is not a survey of living languages. A survey is always about the present of a language. I'll do an assessment of the future of these languages. That's why it is called status report. Will it survive or not? Mathematical modelling is one way of doing this.
Is it important, in your opinion, to make an effort to conserve languages?
It is very important in my opinion to conserve the wisdom that these languages have gathered. That wisdom should be taken forward. I am not a lover of language just for the sake or love of the language, I have no romantic engagement in languages. Languages are extremely important because they are the holders of culture, of collective memory. So all that a given language holds, that needs to be taken forward in some format and handed down to the next generation. The best way to conserve a language is to create livelihood, opportunities for those who speak the language. Otherwise they will migrate to another language zone and their own language will disappear.
You have been involved in an effort to create livelihood as well?
When I started work with tribals, I started first with livelihood. I must confess: I am not a trained linguist. I started teaching literature and because I saw that many languages were disappearing, I started feeling guilty about drawing my salary teaching English literature. We cannot stop the flow of time and languages coming up and going down. But livelihood support can be helped. And I had done that for the first 20 years in a limited geographical area of nine districts of Gujarat. My work benefited about 800,000 families. That is not enough. If we take into account all the declining languages now, that number will go up to about 200 million. Language is still not an evident consideration in the economic planning of the country.
If a language is not recognized and the community feels the language has no market value, they collectively and unconsciously decide to give up on that language. Nobody keeps a language going just for the pride of it. People feel speaking Hindi is a good idea, but they all feel that learning English is a better idea. If livelihood opportunities are not there, people start giving up on languages. If there's no education in the mother tongue, children tend to drop out when they go to the high-school stage. If there is no technology such as TV, mobile apps, printed material, then the status of the language goes down in the eyes of the people. They will discard those languages because there is no market for those languages.
What's your view on the imposition of Hindi across states?
Governments never give birth to any language. No government can end a language. Governments better keep off the language issue. Language is the most democratic among the systems that humans have invented. Government policy is immaterial to languages.
The reason cited is the simplicity of communication in such a diverse country. Does that make sense?
No, that's my fear. In communication we need complexity, not simplicity, because there is a lot to communicate. All of it cannot be communicated in a single language. Having more languages allows us to communicate more.
Tesla Motors Inc is already feared as a likely disruptor of the global automotive industry, but apart from the appeal of its electric car technology it has a potentially huge cost advantage too over its conventional competitors.
Because its cars are free from carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions, or rather power stations that generate electricity take the hit, it won't have to make huge investments in systems to clean up its act to meet fuel regulations mandated by governments in Europe, the U.S. and China, said London-based International Strategy and Investment (ISI).
Europe demands average fuel consumption equivalent to 57.4 miles per U.S. gallon by 2021. The U.S. rules are a less aggressive 54.5 mpg by 2025.
In a report in which it initiated coverage of Tesla and recommended investors buy the shares, ISI said conventional automakers will pay a big penalty because of these costs, which will reach almost $1,500 per vehicle.
“Conventional (manufacturers) face headwinds of about $1,350 per unit. Yet for Tesla costs will come down about 17.3 per cent with technology advances and scale,” the report said.
ISI said it reckons Tesla's stock price could reach $320, but didn't say when. It closed yesterday at just under $255 a share. A year ago Tesla shares trade at around $170, and moved up to near $290 when the decision to build a battery factory in near Reno, Nevada was taken.
ISI said it believes Tesla's sales target of 500,000 by 2020 is achievable, despite the fact that sales of electric only vehicles generally have faltered recently.
Not everybody shares ISI's optimism about Tesla's sales.
Boston-based Lux Research said the so-called giga-factory would lead to more than 50 per cent overcapacity of lithium-ion batteries, and only lead to a cost reduction of $2,800 per vehicle, while Tesla would fail to reach its target of selling 500,000 electric cars by 2020.
Lux Research said Tesla sales would only reach 240,000 by 2020, leading to razor-thin margins to battery-partner Panasonic , and 57 per cent overcapacity.
“The giga-factory will only reduce the Tesla Model 3's cost by $2,800, not enough to sway the success of the planned lower-cost EV,” said Cosmin Laslau, Lux Research analyst.
Tesla and its partner Panasonic of Japan will contribute 45 per cent and 35 per cent of the initial $4 billion required to build the giga-factory which should start production by 2017.
Tesla currently makes the Model S sedan, and will introduce the Model X SUV next. Tesla has a target of reaching volume of 100,000 by the end of 2015. After the Model X, Tesla plans to market a smaller, cheaper and much bigger selling vehicle, the Gen 3.
Lux's Laslau said battery prices need to fall dramatically if electric cars are to make a sales breakthrough. Tesla currently has the lowest cost for batteries - $274 per kWh, and Laslau said Tesla CEO Elon Musk aims to cut costs by 30 per cent to $196 kWh with the giga-factory.
Morgan Stanley, also in a recent report, had some sobering thoughts for Tesla shareholders, but retained its overall optimism. Morgan Stanley said Tesla shares might one day be worth $320 a share, but it was currently getting ahead of itself. Morgan Stanley said some sobering facts for Tesla shareholders to consider included the fact that electric vehicles were failing globally, demand in China might be limited by an inability to develop dealer and service infrastructure, while the development of batteries wasn't taking place fast enough.
Morgan Stanley said some big car manufacturers appear to have put electric car development on ice while pushing hydrogen as the future of emission free transport, while it thought they might well be able to persuade governments to water down some of the more onerous regulations seeking to slash fuel consumption.
ISI doesn't share the view about fuel cells.
“We believe BEVs (battery electric vehicles) and not Hydrogen Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles present the optimum solution as (manufacturers) pursue tailpipe emission free cars. Examining well-to-wheel efficiency, total cost of ownership and absolute power-train costs, we believe the long-term case for BEVs outweighs that for (fuel cells),” ISI said.
ISI has high hopes for Tesla in China.
“It is difficult to foresee a (manufacturer) better placed than Tesla to assist the (China) government in meeting its (electric policy) goals. Meanwhile, Chinese annual premium car sales are expected to increase by 1.2 million by 2020. The opportunity for Tesla is substantial,” ISI said.
This will involve huge investment, but “Tesla's funding is self-sufficient going forward,” according to ISI.
Poisonous cancer has recently seized the lives of many respected musicians from rock and metal community. But, this time a severe accident has resulted in the departure of a black metal guitarist.
Steve Childers “Tregenda” (ex– Black Witchery) lost their lives after a car accident on Feb 2nd, 2016. The accident happened on Tuesday evening, in Butler county on Highway 400 just west of Leon, Kansas. They were driving a mini-van going eastbound on Highway 400 and was passing vehicles when they collided head on with a semi. Steve was fatally injured and taken to Wichita hospital, but they later died due to their injuries.
Steve, who lastly played guitars for death/thrash metal band Public Assassination, was 49 years old and had a wonderful music career for over 20 years. They were mostly known for their involvement in the infamous war metal act Black Witchery (in which they played till 2013). They also appeared playing for bands like Burning Inside & Monument of Bones.
We are deeply mourned for Steve and their family. Best wishes for your journey to the other side, brother!!
Advertisements
We might criticize feminism and other ridiculous scaremonger, but one thing we always promote is, in a free society, everyone has the right to express themselves freely...no matter how stupid...
That gives us the right to show what these idiots stand for.....
A man lands a probe on a distant rock, millions of miles from home and they are blasted for a shirt they wore...
2 women who are looking for attention s how their boobs at an aids event , and that's ok...
Man tries to advance knowledge for humanity but it's all bout a f*cking shirt...
Feminists in the meantime try to advance women's rights, by showing their boobs and sticking a cross up their...muhaha...And that's empowering? OOOOOOK!
We have nothing against boobs, but sticking things up one muhaha in public, at the Vatican, where millions of people look to for spiritual health, that's where we draw the line...
This is sluty, whorish, and shows no respect for women at all...the only thing it does is continue on alienating women from that idiotic group. Or get sexual attention. Frankly, we never know what their true intentions really are, but we do know this, women do not subscribe to this sh*t, the majority of them have self respect.
Men and "women" can put their minds together, to go far into an infinite space, showing what we can do "together", yet, in this advance age, we still have to expose and worry about a subspecies who can slow down advances by useless rhetoric...and shoving crosses up their...u know what..
Well if they want to be taken seriously, go to a Muslim country and do it in front of a mosque, go to Israel and do it in front of a synagogue, and if you survive, we'll definitely be impressed.
Otherwise, kiss your ass, and bow to the men and women who fight for and allow your freedom, so you can actually do this in our side of the world.
This is all about attention, these "feminists" show their disrespect for the female species because their want to be noticed. They know damn well this is sexual, whether showing boobs in public or whatever, nothing will advance by what they do, it just turns into a comedy act.
Men are rapists
Teach men not to rape.
Men achieve power through rape.
Men drink beer and beat their loved ones during sporting events.
Men are this...
Men are that...
Men are horn dogs? Well, you don't see us dressing like sluts in public to prove a point, so who is the horn dog??? Don't get us wrong, they have the perfect right to do it, but the message is never what they intended, showing their goodies is sexual...nothing more. It is public exhibitionism, and if it turns them on, so be it.
We encourage feminists to continue their little sexual exposures to prove who they really are, and we will continue on showing who they really are...and self respect for womanhood in definitely not in their cards.
Men, and that is "normal men" will always have respect for women, and vice versa, we do better together with mutual respect for our places in life, walking side by side, not in front or behind each other. If they want to live in the past, it's their choices, but our daughters have all the rights they deserve, no thanks to feminism, but because we, together, brought upon this world, the reality that the Creator, made us all the same, yet different, and to find our place as equals without stepping on each other.
The most important aspect of life is to have self-respect, this way you have respect for other...
Some small portion of the population don't have this, so how can we believe they would have it for others....
As we can plainly see.....
An anonymous buyer snatched up one of seven copies of J.K. Rowling's hand–illustrated The Tales of Beedle the Bard at Sotheby's London on December 13 for £368,750 ($467,317).
The book was created as a gift for Barry Cunningham, Rowling's first editor, following the release of the final Harry Potter book in 2007. At the time, there was no plan for widespread publication of the selection of fairy tales for wizarding children that featured prominently in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
The other six copies were given to other instrumental figures in the series' publication, save for one sold at Sotheby's to benefit Rowling's charity Lumos. Amazon won the auction with a £1.95 million ($3.985 million) bid, setting the record for a contemporary literary manuscript.
This time around, the sale price was at the low end of the pre-sale estimate of £300,000–500,000 ($380,000–633,000). By comparison, the chair Rowling sat in to write the first two books, which they painted in advance of a charity auction, sold for $394,000 at Heritage Auctions New York on April 6, easily eclipsing earlier sales of $21,000 and $29,000.
The manuscript is bound in brown Moroccan leather with rhodochrosite stones set in hand-chased silver ornaments, an ominous skull in the center of the cover. It is inscribed by the author with a note reading “To Barry, the man who thought an overlong novel about a boy wizard in glasses might just sell… THANK YOU.” At the book's end, Rowling noted that rhodochrosite is “traditionally associated with love, balance, and joy in daily life.”
Receiving the book back in 2007 was “unreal,” and became “progressively more exciting” as they unwrapped it, Cunningham recalled in a statement. The buyer also gets the white jiffy envelope in which the package was originally delivered.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
Gary James Paulsen (born May 17, 1939)[1] is an American writer of young adult literature, best known for coming of age stories about the wilderness.  They are the author of more than 200 books and has written more than 200 magazine articles and short stories, and several plays, all primarily for teenagers. They won the Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 1997 for their lifetime contribution in writing for teens.[2]
Biography [ edit ]
Gary Paulsen was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, where their extended family resided, to Oscar and Eunice H. (née Moen),[1] Paulsen has two siblings: a full sister, Paulette, and a half-brother Bill, who was born to their father from a previous marriage. Their father was a career army officer, on General George Patton's staff, who spent most World War II overseas. Gary did not meet their father until they were seven years old. They spent time throughout their childhood with their grandmother, aunts and various other relatives.[3] When they were seven they and their mother joined their father in the Philippines, where they lived for two years. They then returned to Minnesota. At the age of 14, Gary ran away and went to a sugar beet farm.[4]
Paulsen has written some fragmented autobiographical works, such as Eastern Sun, Winter Moon: An Autobiographical Odyssey. The book, which is written in first person, begins when Paulsen was seven, living in Chicago with their mother. Paulsen described several traumatic occurrences that transpired during the three years that are chronicled by the book. For example, one day while their mother was napping, Gary sneaked outside to play. There a vagrant snatched them and apparently attempted to molest him, but their mother suddenly appeared on the scene and beat the man to death. Paulsen reported their mother's many adulterous affairs in Eastern Sun, suggesting that the man they called "father" was not really their biological father. They also discussed their mother's alcoholism. They told how they would bring them to a bar and had them sing for their supper, even though they had an income from their work in an ammunition factory, and they felt there was no need for this. When World War II ended, Gary's father sent for them and their mother to come join them in the Philippines, where they were stationed. A great part of the book is dedicated to the voyage by naval vessel to the Philippines. During the trip, Gary witnessed a plane crash. He, their mother, and the people who were also being transported on this ship, looked on as many of the airplane's passengers were killed or maimed by the sharks who would follow the ship consuming waste. Their mother, the only woman aboard, helped the corpsman care for the surviving victims. After arriving in Hawaii, according to Paulsen, their mother began an affair with the ship's corpsman.[3]
Gary and their mother arrived in Manila, where they met their father for the first time. They quickly realized that they would not have a close relationship with the man whom they felt they did not resemble nor relate to, who never referred to them as anything except "the boy" and who, like Gary's mother, was an alcoholic. Gary's family had two servants while they lived on the army base in Manila, a man named Rom, and a woman named Maria. Gary shared a room with Maria and before long, the woman, who had endured multiple rapes at the hands of the formally occupying Japanese, began to molest Gary. They claimed in the book that this happened quite often, nearly every night, until they left Manila. While living in Manila, Gary's parents continued to drink heavily. Their mother also continued to have affairs.
The accounts in Eastern Sun ended when Gary and their mother left Manila. Bits and pieces of Gary's adolescence can be pieced together in Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books. In that book, Paulsen discussed the ways in which they survived between the ages of twelve and fourteen back in Minnesota. They barely mentioned their parents except to say that they were too busy being drunk to stock the refrigerator. They worked several jobs during this time, including setting pins at the bowling alley, delivering newspapers and working as a farm hand. They bought their own school supplies and a rifle, which they used to hunt for sustenance. Eventually, they gave up the rifle and manufactured their own bow and arrows which they used to hunt deer.[5]
Much of what is known about Gary Paulsen's life is revealed in prologues and epilogues of their own books. In Gary Paulsen's book The Quilt, one of a series of three books based on summers spent with their grandmother, Paulsen told about what a tremendous influence their grandmother had on him. It is difficult to say how factual an autobiography The Quilt is intended to be, as Paulsen is supposed to have been six years old in this story and yet they made references to events found in Eastern Sun, which is supposed to have been set later. They also refer to himself, in this book, in third person and only as "the boy".[6]
Paulsen has been married twice and has three adult children, Lance, Lynn and James Paulsen. Early in their adult life they had issues with alcoholism. They also lived in poverty through most of their early adult life. They had several jobs including that of magazine editor. They also did a tour in the Army. They struggled as a writer for decades. One of their earliest published books was titled Some Birds Don't Fly, a comic rendition of their time working at the government missile range, White Sands, New Mexico. In 1966, a book was published under the title The Special War. Paulsen worked at construction while writing to support himself. It was not until the publication of their first award-winning book, Dogsong, in 1985 that Paulsen began to experience success.
Even though Paulsen is now a successful author, they say they choose to live in relative poverty. They reportedly live with their wife, Ruth, who illustrates children's literature, in La Luz, New Mexico. (ALA reported Tularosa, New Mexico in 1997.)[2] They also spend some time living on a houseboat on the Pacific Ocean.
In 1983, Paulsen entered the 1,150-mile (1,850 km) Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, and placed 41st[7] out of 54 finishers, with an official time of 17 days, 12 hours, 38 minutes, and 38 seconds. In 1990, suffering from heart disease, Paulsen made the decision to give up dog sledding, which they described as the most difficult decision they have ever made. Paulsen would spend more than a decade sailing the Pacific before getting back into dog sledding in 2003. According to their keynote speech on October 13, 2007, at the Sinclair Lewis writing conference in Sauk Centre, Minnesota, they still intended to compete in the Iditarod.  They are listed in the "Withdrawn/Scratched" section of the 1985 and 2006 Iditarod. Paulsen is an outdoorsman (a hunter and trapper), who maintains a 40-acre (160,000 m2) spread north of Willow, Alaska, where they breed and trains sled dogs for the Iditarod.
Much of Paulsen's work features the outdoors and highlights the importance of nature. They often use "coming of age" themes in their novels, where a character masters the art of survival in isolation as a rite of passage to manhood and maturity.  They are critical of technology and has been called a Luddite.[8]
The Hatchet series, or Brian's Saga, five novels published from 1987 to 2003, comprises some of Paulsen's best known work. Dogsong (1985), The Winter Room (1989), and Harris and Me (1993) are three others of their many popular novels. Woodsong (1990) and Winterdance (1994) are among the most popular books about the Iditarod.
The ALA Margaret Edwards Award recognizes one writer and a particular body of work for "significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature". Paulsen won the annual award in 1997, when the panel cited six books published from 1983 to 1990: Dancing Carl, Hatchet (first in the series), The Crossing, The Winter Room, Canyons, and Woodsong. The citation noted that "[t]he theme of survival is woven throughout, whether it is living through a plane crash or living in an abusive, alcoholic household" and emphasized Hatchet in particular for "encompassing a survival theme in all it's aspects, physical as well as psychological" [2]
Three of Paulsen's books were runners-up for the Newbery Medal, the premier ALA annual book award for children's literature: Dogsong, Hatchet, and The Winter Room.[9] (The American Library Association distinguishes children's and young-adult literature in its awards for lifetime contribution from 1988; in its annual book awards only since inauguration of the Printz Award in 2000.)
Every year, more than a million Americans receive an artificial hip or knee prosthesis. Such implants are designed to last many years, but in about 17 percent of patients who receive a total joint replacement, the implant eventually loosens and has to be replaced early, which can cause dangerous complications for elderly patients.
To help minimize these burdensome operations, a team of MIT chemical engineers has developed a new coating for implants that could help them better adhere to the patient's bone, preventing premature failure.
“This would allow the implant to last much longer, to its natural lifetime, with lower risk of failure or infection,” says Paula Hammond, the David H. Koch Professor in Engineering at MIT and senior author of a paper on the work appearing in the journal Advanced Materials.
The coating, which induces the body's own cells to produce bone that fixes the implant in place, could also be used to help heal fractures and to improve dental implants, according to Hammond and lead author Nisarg Shah, a graduate student in Hammond's lab.
An alternative to bone cement
Artificial hips consist of a metal ball on a stem, connecting the pelvis and femur. The ball rotates within a plastic cup attached to the inside of the hip socket. Similarly, artificial knees consist of plates and a stem that enable movement of the femur and tibia. To secure the implant, surgeons use bone cement, a polymer that resembles glass when hardened. In some cases, this cement ends up cracking and the implant detaches from the bone, causing chronic pain and loss of mobility for the patient.
“Typically, in such a case, the implant is removed and replaced, which causes tremendous secondary tissue loss in the patient that wouldn't have happened if the implant hadn't failed,” Shah says. “Our idea is to prevent failure by coating these implants with materials that can induce native bone that is generated within the body. That bone grows into the implant and helps fix it in place.”
The new coating consists of a very thin film, ranging from 100 nanometers to one micron, composed of layers of materials that help promote rapid bone growth. One of the materials, hydroxyapatite, is a natural component of bone, made of calcium and phosphate. This material attracts mesenchymal stem cells from the bone marrow and provides an interface for the formation of new bone. The other layer releases a growth factor that stimulates mesenchymal stem cells to transform into bone-producing cells called osteoblasts.
Once the osteoblasts form, they start producing new bone to fill in the spaces surrounding the implant, securing it to the existing bone and eliminating the need for bone cement. Having healthy tissue in that space creates a stronger bond and greatly reduces the risk of bacterial infection around the implant.
“When bone cement is used, dead space is created between the existing bone and implant stem, where there are no blood vessels. If bacteria colonize this space they would keep proliferating, as the immune system is unable to reach and destroy them. Such a coating would be helpful in preventing that from occurring,” Shah says.
It takes at least two or three weeks for the bone to fill in and completely stabilize the implant, but a patient would still be able to walk and do physical therapy during this time, according to the researchers.
Tunable control
There have been previous efforts to coat orthopedic implants with hydroxyapatite, but the films end up being quite thick and unstable, and tend to break away from the implant, Shah says. Other researchers have experimented with injecting the growth factor or depositing it directly on the implant, but most of it ends up draining away from the implant site, leaving too little behind to have any effect.
The MIT team can control the thickness of its film and the amount of growth factor released by using a method called layer-by-layer assembly, in which the desired components are laid down one layer at a time until the desired thickness and drug composition are achieved.
“This is a significant advantage because other systems so far have really not been able to control the amount of growth factor that you need. A lot of devices typically must use quantities that may be orders of magnitude more than you need, which can lead to unwanted side effects,” Shah says.
Jeremy Gilbert, professor of biomaterials at Syracuse University, says the work is “an elegant approach to engineering surfaces to drive bone healing. It's a nice combination of polymers, ceramics and growth factors, combined in a way that does look like it has some effects on the stem cell that are growing on it.”
Gilbert, who was not involved in the study, added that more research is needed to determine if the coating will have the same effects in living animals. The MIT team is now performing animal studies that have shown promising results: The coatings lead to rapid bone formation, locking the implants in place.
This coating could be used not only for joint replacements, but also for fixation plates and screws used to set bone fractures. “It is very versatile. You can apply it to any geometry and have uniform coating all around,” Shah says.
Another possible application is in dental implants. Conventionally, implanting an artificial tooth is a two-step process. First, a threaded screw is embedded in the jaw; this screw has to stabilize by integrating with the surrounding bone tissue for several months before the patient returns to the clinic to have the new crown attached to the screw. This could be reduced to a one-step process in which the patient receives the entire implant using a version of these coatings.
This research was funded by the National Institutes of Health's National Institute on Aging and conducted at the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research with support from the Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies at MIT.
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. – Virginia Beach Police have released a composite sketch of a suspect wanted in connection to the homicide of an ODU student during a party in April.
Darren Campbell, 20, was shot and killed on April 24 at a large party at a rented home in the 400 block of Hill Meadow Drive in the Oceana Gardens section of the city.
Police were called to the scene at approximately 11:05 p.m. after receiving reports of a dispute and gunshots. However, when officers arrived, they couldn't find any victims, property damage or evidence of a gun being fired.
They were called back to the scene at 1:48 a.m. and arrived to find Campbell suffering from a gunshot wound.
They were transported to a local hospital where they were pronounced dead.
The person of interest shown in the composite sketch is a black male with a light to medium complexion.  They are in their early 20's, stands approximately 5'10”-5'11” tall and weighs approximately 160 pounds. They have/had a thin goatee and mustache as well as a low cut haircut. They have/had gold fronts on the top of their teeth.
Detectives say they have also learned that several of the party attendees are from the Richmond area.
They are asking anyone with information regarding this homicide to call Virginia Beach Crime Solvers at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP.
RELATED:
ODU student watches their best friend die after being shot during Beach Week party
ODU student shot to death outside of Virginia Beach house party
If you didn't already think the Internet was truly weird, and totally amazing, the marriage of dogecoin and NASCAR will convince you.
Just over a week ago, Reddit user /u/Reddit_Racing noticed that up-and-coming NASCAR driver Josh Wise was still without a sponsor, and proposed a crowdfunding effort to have dogecoin sponsor Josh's car.
See also: Dogecoin Is One Step Closer to Being Real Money
Dogecoin is a cryptocurrency that functions similarly to bitcoin, but it is based on the popular "Doge" Internet meme. For those unfamiliar with the popular dog, this Tweet exemplifies the typical language that has been associated with the wide-eyed pooch.
Wow
Much Wednes
Very day
So midweek
Where is weekend? — Doge (@DogeTheDog) March 26, 2014
So, what on Earth does this have to do with sponsoring a NASCAR driver? The dogecoin community has demonstrated previous fundraising success with efforts that have built clean water wells in Kenya and, more recently, sent the Jamaican Bobsled team to the Sochi Olympics. Once the entire dogecoin community got involved, it was clear this crazy idea could become reality.
As Kevin Dusenberry, organizer of the dogecoin community, said, "Josh is an underdog in the NASCAR world. Dogecoin is an underdog in the crypto world. It was a match made in heaven."
Dusenberry's instincts proved to be correct, as the community reached its $55,000 (or 67 million dogecoin) fundraising goal, officially making dogecoin the sponsor of Wise's No. 98 race car. Wise expressed their enthusiasm and gratitude, saying "I can't thank the dogecoin and Reddit community enough for the support. To the moon!"
Wise's dogemobile will debut at the Aarons 499 Sprint Series Cup race on May 4. A potential design for the dogecoin-sponsored car is pictured above, but there's a still a contest open for those who wish to submit their wow-filled designs.
If all of these sounds a bit crazy to you, Dusenberry won't argue your point. "I feel like this fundraiser brought dogecoin back to its roots," said Dusenberry. "We had an idea that was just crazy enough to work."
Dogespeed, Josh Wise.
The Day of Reconciliation is a public holiday in South Africa held annually on 16 December. The holiday came into effect in 1994 after the end of apartheid, with the intention of fostering reconciliation and national unity for the country.[1] The date was chosen because it was significant to both Afrikaner and African cultures. The government chose a meaningful date for both ethnic groups because they recognize the need for racial harmony. The celebration of the Day of Reconciliation can take the form of remembering past history, recognizing veteran's contributions, marching and other festivities.
The origins of the celebration for the Afrikaners goes back to the Day of the Vow, celebrated on 16 December 1864 in commemoration of the Voortrekker victory over the Zulus at the Battle of Blood River. For African people, the date has been significant as one of both peaceful protests against racial injustice and of the founding of the more militant Umkhonto we Sizwe by the African National Congress (ANC) on 16 December 1961. Nelson Mandela and the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission chose a day that was special to both ethnic groups in the country in order to work on healing the damage done by Apartheid.
The first time the Day of Reconciliation was celebrated as a public holiday was in 1995.[2] The new government chose to represent national unity by choosing a date that had significance for "both the Afrikaner and liberation struggle traditions".[2]
On Day of Reconciliation, cultural groups participate in parades and various festivities take place throughout the country.[3] On Day of Reconciliation 2013, a statue of Nelson Mandela, the first black president of South Africa, was unveiled in Pretoria.[4] During the celebration in 2009, President Jacob Zuma honored forgotten heroes of South Africa, including inscribing around 100 dead veteran's names on the Wall of Names at Freedom Park.[5] In 2008, the first victim of "necklacing," Maki Skosana, was given a tombstone and remembered.[6] For the celebration in 2001, the African National Congress (ANC) remembered the police raid that led to the Rivonia trial.[7] Some of the communities take part in a walk which also serve as a memorial to Mandela.[8] Other parts of South Africa have chosen to emphasize their need for racial harmony in their communities.[8]
Each year has had a different theme. For example:
2013: Nation Building, Social Cohesion, and Reconciliation. [9]
2014: Social Cohesion, Reconciliation, and National Unity in the 20 Years of Democracy. [10]
2015: Bridging the Divide: Building a common South African nationhood towards a national development state.[11]
Origin [ edit ]
Afrikaner origins [ edit ]
For Afrikaners, 16 December was commemorated as the Day of the Vow,[1] also known as Day of the Covenant or Dingaan's dag (Dingaan's Day).[12] The Day of the Vow was a religious holiday commemorating the Voortrekker victory over the Zulus at the Battle of Blood River in 1838,[2] and is still celebrated by some Afrikaners.[13] On that day, 470 Voortrekkers were attacked in an early morning battle led by Dingane's generals.[12] The Voortrekkers defeated the Zulus who numbered in the 10-thousands and during the battle, 3,000 Zulu warriors were killed.[12] The event became a "rallying point for the development of Afrikaner nationalism, culture and identity."[12]
The religious significance of the event, where it is called Day of the Covenant or Day of the Vow, involves the belief that the Voortrekker victory of the Zulus was ordained by the God of Christianity.[12] The General Synod of the Afrikaners' Natal Churches chose 16 December as "an ecclesiastical day of thanksgiving by all its congregations" in 1864.[12] Later, in 1894, Dingane's Day was declared a public holiday by the Government of the Free State.[12]
During the Apartheid era, 16 December continued to be celebrated as the Day of the Vow[14] and the Day of the Covenant.[15] In 1952, Dingane's Day was changed to Day of the Covenant and in 1980 was changed to The Day of the Vow.[15] The Voortrekker Monument in Pretoria was erected on 16 December 1949 to commemorate Dingane's Day.[16][17]
The last year Afrikaners celebrated Day of the Vow was in 1994.[18] The transition from Day of the Vow to Day of Reconciliation was viewed with mixed emotions for Afrikaners.[18]
African origins [ edit ]
Africans who did not have the right to vote after the South African War protested racial discrimination on 16 December 1910.[12] Other protests against the government dealing with racial discrimination continued to be held on 16 December. In 1929, 1930 and 1934, anti-pass demonstrations were held by the Communist Party of South Africa (CPSA) on that day.[12] The African Convention (AAC) was held during the same time in 1935, covering dates 15 December through 18 December.[12]
Much later, when efforts of passive protest and resistance against apartheid had been unsuccessful, the African National Congress (ANC) decided to form a military or armed group.[10] The decision to moved to armed resistance happened after the ANC was banned by the government.[19] Nelson Mandela believed that non-violent resistance was not working to stop Apartheid, and advocated acts of sabotage.[20] The date of 16 December is the anniversary of the 1961 founding of Umkhonto we Sizwe ("Spear of the Nation" or MK), the armed wing of the ANC.[1] On that day, Umkhonto we Sizwe enacted its "first acts of sabotage" which included bomb blasts against government buildings in Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth and Durban.[12] Also on 16 December 1961, the Umkhonto we Sizwe distributed leaflets describing how the group "will carry on the struggle for freedom and democracy by new methods, which are necessary to complement the actions of the established national liberation organsations."[21]
Day of Reconciliation [ edit ]
When Apartheid ended, it was decided to keep 16 December as a public holiday, but to infuse it "with the purpose of fostering reconciliation and national unity."[14] It was established by the government in 1994.[22] Nelson Mandela was part of the group of politicians that helped start the idea for the holiday.[23] On 16 December 1995, the first celebration took place.[2] The first meeting of the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission also took place on 16 December 1995.[24] In an address in 1995, Archbishop Desmond Tutu described the holiday as serving the need of healing the wounds of Apartheid.[25]
The holiday is also used to celebrate minority cultural groups in South Africa, such as the San people.[8] South African President, Jacob Zuma, in 2009, also stressed that the holiday was meant to also promote "non-sexism."[26]
Other significance [ edit ]
The day is also the sixteenth day of the South African summer holiday period. It is the first of four public holidays observed at the height of summer in the Southern Hemisphere, along with Christmas Day, Day of Goodwill and New Year's Day. Many small businesses close down and employees go on leave over this period.[27]
See also [ edit ]
On Thursday, Assemblyman Travis Allen (R-Huntington Beach) officially became the sixth candidate — and second Republican — to announce their candidacy for California's 2018 Democrat-heavy gubernatorial race.
Allen accompanied their surprise announcement with an video ad titled, “Take Back California“:
“I've seen our taxes increased to be among the highest in the nation, I've seen crime increase in every major metropolitan area, and I've seen an expansion of the government bureaucracy at the expense of hard-working Californians and their businesses,” Allen saays in the ad.
“I am running for Governor to make California once again the greatest state in the country, and a place where we all can live our lives, run a business, and raise a family,” Allen said in a press release announcing their gubernatorial bid.
I am running to be the next Governor of California to take back our state for the forgotten ordinary citizens of California, who will no longer tolerate the squandering of our incredible natural abundance of people, economy, and resources by limousine liberals beholden to ravenous public sector union bosses and extremist environmentalists. The citizens of California are tired of being taken for granted, and will no longer accept the California Democrat Party's hollow excuses for why the world's 6th largest economy should have the nation's highest poverty rate.
Allen, who has served on California's State Legislature for five years, is running against four Democrats: Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, State Treasurer John Chiang, and Delaine Eastin, a former state superintendent of public instruction. John Cox, the only other Republican in the race is a Diego-based business person.
Leftist billionaire Tom Steyer is reportedly also considering entering the race.
Allen is also heading a ballot initiative that seeks the repeal of a 12-cent gas tax hike that was passed by the Democrat-controlled state legislature in April.
They also vowed to help turn the Golden State away from its increasingly unfriendly business environment: “California residents and companies are fleeing our state by the thousands, and those that stay are beset on all sides with the nation's highest taxes, crippling regulations, and ever more complex laws that benefit a select few.”
Allen was also largely responsible for the passing of an pro-Israel bill that targets the “boycott, divestment and sanctions” (BDS) movement in California. The bill “bars companies that engage in discrimination against any sovereign state — including the Jewish state of Israel — from doing business with the Golden State.”
More recently, Allen led a successful effort to stop California from allowing communists to work in the state government.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
Marshall Waters, one of the residents living opposite Don Kyatt warehouse in West Melbourne. Credit:Eddie Jim Melbourne City Council is working on a structure plan for West Melbourne, and a new heritage regime. In the meantime, developers are working on dozens of apartments between North Melbourne railway station and the city centre, including a 39-storey tower on Spencer Street nearing completion. But residents opposing large-scale developments are enjoying the odd small victory.
The state planning tribunal last week knocked back developer Oliver Hume's bid for around 200 apartments in an eight-level block in the heritage-listed Don Kyatt warehouse on Roden​ Street. The plan for the Don Kyatt warehouse in West Melbourne that VCAT rejected last week. Credit:Oliver Hume Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal member Rachel Naylor said the development was too high, did not take into account heritage or urban design, and some apartments were poorly designed. "Whilst there are particular characteristics of this site that may assist a taller development than four storeys on this site, this could be five or six storeys rather than eight storeys," they said. 14-16 Anderson Street, West Melbourne. Credit:Paul Jeffers
Marshall Waters was among residents who fought the plan, approved by Melbourne City Council officers despite scores of objections. Residents argued an eight-storey building on the Don Kyatt site would inevitably lead to even bigger buildings, they said. The building site on the corner of Dryburgh Street and Railway Place in West Melbourne. Credit:Paul Jeffers And so they put their hands into their own pockets to fight Melbourne City Council's decision, and Oliver Hume. "It was an expensive exercise to run against a developer with very deep pockets," said Mr Waters, who believes the area is generally developing appropriately at up to four levels, and that some exceptions were fine around the railway station and closer to the city's edge on King Street.
Long-term North Melbourne resident and real estate agent Gordon Bardic said house prices in the area had risen up to 70 per cent over the past five years, to an average price of about $1.2 million. "People see some value out this side; it hasn't got the same hustle and bustle as somewhere as Richmond for example, and it's still very much a community suburb," the Jellis Craig agent said. Mr Bardic said buyers weren't too worried about the rapid residential development. Nor were they deterred by the two big transport projects – the Metro Tunnel rail project, which is proceeding, and the West Gate Tunnel, which is likely to – that will create a new rail station on Arden Street but also dump an estimated 9000 extra cars a day into the area. Mr Bardic said residents needed to accept that inner-city areas get busier.
"It's part of living so close to the city that people's expectations of quiet are going to change," they said. "I moved into the area 20 years ago when it was still highly industrialised and I really enjoyed that. But now I'm seeing the gentrification going on and the changes, there are a lot of positive things going on in both of those suburbs." Melbourne City Council plans to introduce a mixture of discretionary height controls and mandatory density controls for West Melbourne, and is also looking at changing the suburb's zoning to ensure not all developments are residential. Professor Buxton said Melbourne must protect its inner-city industrial buildings. "Any great city would figure out how to reuse these buildings. You don't plunder that and turn it into some of the worst, lowest-standard medium and high-rise developments that are being built in the world," they said.
Places like New York had "kept those villages, and they are some of the highest-amenity, most diverse, interesting places on earth", Professor Buxton said. "Why would we not follow that model?" Mr Bardic said some people were always going to dislike big developments. "It's the same people who have been there for a long, long time and just didn't want to see it change. But unfortunately that's part of progress."
Here is a recap of the past week's action in Fall and Winter leagues. For the full list of Red Sox prospects participating in these leagues, check out our Fall & Winter Leagues page , which will be updated continuously through the offseason. This week's roundup covers the period of December 5 - December 12.
Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
Left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez (pictured) made their first start of the winter for the Navegantes del Magallanes on Thursday, tossing two perfect innings and striking out three. Luis Ysla made one appearance this week, facing only one batter and striking them out. Austin Maddox continued to struggle in Venezuela, allowing two runs on three hits and two walks in 2/3 of an inning in two appearances this week. Deiner Lopez, who had been playing in the Liga Paralela for Lara in recent weeks, was brought back up to the parent club and made a pinch-running appearance, in which they stole a base.
Dominican Baseball League
Marco Hernandez had a big week for the Tigres del Licey, going 7 for 18 at the plate, clubbing a homer and a double apiece on Friday and Saturday. Third baseman Rafael Devers received just two plate appearances last week, going 0 for 2. Roenis Elias continued their strong run this winter, tossing six strong innings while allowing a run on five hits on Thursday, lowering their ERA to 2.06 in 35 innings pitched.
Coincidentally, both players that the Red Sox lost in last week's Rule 5 draft, right-handed pitcher Justin Haley and outfielder Aneury Tavarez , have been playing well in the Dominican this winter. Haley, who has finished their stint with Escogido, allowed just two runs in 23 2/3 innings over five starts, striking out 14 and walking 4. Tavarez, playing in their native country for the Estrellas del Oriente, has hit .298/.367/.395 in 124 at-bats in 37 games.
Roberto Clemente Professional Baseball League
Catcher Christian Vazquez was 3 for 14 at the plate this week, bringing their line to .266/.365/.328 in 18 games. Rusney Castillo hit the ground running this week, going 6 for 14 with a double in their first four games in Puerto Rico. Joseph Monge was 2 for 3 in their only start of the week and scored a run as a pinch-runner.
Venezuelan Liga Paralela
Hildemaro Requena and Shair Lacrus led the squad to their first win on Monday with three shutout innings each but they allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings and two runs in 3 1/3 innings respectively later in the week. Stanley Espinal had a solid week at the plate, going 6 for 23 with a pair of doubles. Pedro Castellanos was 5 for 16 with a double. Luis Alexander Basabe was 2 for 4 with a double and a home run on Monday before being Chris Sale on Tuesday. The Boston group got off to a quick start with wins on Monday and Tuesday of last week but lost their last four games to finish out a 2-4 week.andled the squad to their first win on Monday with three shutout innings each but they allowed four runs in 4 1/3 innings and two runs in 3 1/3 innings respectively later in the week.had a solid week at the plate, going 6 for 23 with a pair of doubles.was 5 for 16 with a double.was 2 for 4 with a double and a home run on Monday before being traded to the Chicago White Sox as part of the package foron Tuesday.
The Liga's regular season ended on Friday, with Boston placing third at 41-27 to make the four-team playoff. Boston fell to Caracas (led by old friend Cleuluis Rondon, who was traded to the White Sox in the Jake Peavy trade), 9-4. Requena got the start on Saturday, cruising through four before they and Angel Padron allowed six runs to cough up what had been a 4-0 lead. Lorenzo Cedrola and Stanley Espinal led the Sox, both going 2 for 5 with a double. We will review the Liga Paralela season in next week's recap.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – To their friends, he's Andrew Allen, a 20-year-old junior who plays soccer at Brandeis University.
To the MLS community, he's a New England Revolution legend that's gotten better with age: Horse Guy.
New England horseman continues to be a legend. #NEvCLB pic.twitter.com/p9M4LiHAZI — Matthew Doyle (@MattDoyle76) May 21, 2017
Either way, Allen doesn't mind if their identity is now known, and they don't plan to part with their horse mask any time soon. After all, they said, he's in too deep, with the Revs' broadcast team of Brad Feldman and Paul Mariner regularly giving them shout-outs on air.
Back at my night job pic.twitter.com/CD775oEf4B — TheRealHorseGuy (@TheRealHorseGuy) May 22, 2016
“It's been my thing, my niche,” Allen says. “There's always people around me who have little kids and they ask if I brought it. I never want to disappoint them. But it's also a good luck charm or whatever. Since I've been back from college I've been able to go to more and more games, and now the Revs haven't lost at home in like 11 games. I'm pretty sure I've been to all 11.
Superstition aside, Allen said their idea came around in 2014, when they asked their parents for a horse mask for their birthday. They, understandably, pushed back some, but eventually they got the mask to go along with a friend's zebra mask.
That summer, the Revs were in the midst of a seven-game losing streak, and Allen decided to bring the mask to one game. They got on the stadium's video screen, everyone in their section got a good laugh from it, and the rest, well, is history.
“I woke up the next day and my phone was blowing up,” Allen recalls. “It was so crazy, that I had to bring it to the next game and they won and they went on a huge run to the MLS Cup final. I had to keep wearing it.”
As the legend grew, Allen made a Twitter account and almost got into a Twitter spat with @NYCFCPigeon, a New York City fan whose mask they joked would give them nightmares.
But, for a kid born in 1996 and whose dad has been a Revs' season ticket holder since that year, it'll be hard to part with the “horseman” character.
The only way they envision that happening, they said, is if the Revs enter coveted territory.
“I would only retire it if they ever won an MLS Cup,” Allen says.
Until then, Horse Guy lives on.
By contrast, Mr. Grimm ran without the aid of their party, which had all but abandoned him. They had maintained a loyal Republican base on Staten Island, the city's conservative redoubt, among those who remembered their service during Hurricane Sandy and appreciated their taut, tough-guy veneer.
Mr. Grimm, who remains the only Republican in the city's congressional delegation, was helped by Mr. Recchia's inarticulate performances in news conferences, debates and editorial board meetings, which were dismal enough to raise the question of their basic competence up to the level of Mr. Grimm's alleged criminality. And as in much of the country and state, antipathy toward President Obama also aided the Republican.
That frustration with the president extended to upstate New York, where Representative Louise M. Slaughter, 85, a Democrat who was seeking their 15th term in Congress, led by only a few hundred votes late on Tuesday night over Mark Assini, a poorly financed Republican and town supervisor.
The same dissatisfaction not only endangered venerable Democrats like Ms. Slaughter, it also helped usher in new Republican blood. Elise M. Stefanik, a Republican schooled at Harvard, in the administration of President George W. Bush and in Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign, campaigned as a cow-milking local resident in their effort to win the 21st District seat being vacated by Representative Bill Owens, a Democrat. Representative Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin and Mr. Romney's vice-presidential running mate, and the House speaker, John A. Boehner, Republican of Ohio, appeared upstate at fund-raisers for Ms. Stefanik, who, at 30 is the youngest woman ever elected to Congress and is considered a future star for the party.
As successful a candidate as Ms. Stefanik proved to be, some high-ranking Democratic officials privately expressed frustration with Representative Steve Israel of Long Island, the chairperson of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, for recruiting their opponent, Aaron Woolf, a political newcomer best known for directing an award-winning documentary called “King Corn,” writing a Phish song, spending a lot of time on the Upper East Side of Manhattan and opening Urban Rustic, a grocery store in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Youth Opportunities Unlimited plans to convert a former downtown bar into housing for young mothers.
The agency is buying a corner property at Richmond and York streets after a plan by Hong Kong investors to build a student residence fell through.
“It's always been our preferred location and we kept our eye on it . . . We're thrilled to have this facility,” YOU executive director Steve Cordes said Monday.
The agency was angling last summer to buy the property across the street from its Cornerstone project, which includes affordable housing and employment training for youth.
But at the last moment, YOU lost out to QTR Holdings, a group of Hong Kong investors.
QTR posted signs saying a highrise student residence would be constructed on the site of the former GT's bar and New Yorker Cinema, even though a formal proposal hadn't been presented to city officials.
The company also enlisted former city councillor Bud Polhill to help steer the project through the planning process.
But commercial realtor Rick Gleed said the QTR deal fell through.
“For whatever reason, they couldn't pull the trigger, and that gave YOU the opportunity to jump back in.”
YOU have launched a fundraising campaign to raise $8.5 million to $10 million to finance the new project.
The 2012 closing of the Salvation Army's Bethesda Centre, a home for pregnant teens, has boosted demand for housing for young mothers, Cordes said.
The residence would contain about 30 housing units, they said. YOU also would offer employment and education support for residents.
The project would try to preserve the heritage character of the building, though the property at 329 Richmond St. — the one-time cinema — would have to be rebuilt because only the frame remains, Cordes said.
YOU spent about $6.5 million in 2007 to convert a heritage building on the northeast corner of York and Richmond. The upper floors of the building it named the Cornerstone contain 30 units of transition and affordable housing for young people.
“It gives us confidence. We developed the Cornerstone from a building that was fairly distressed, but the need for affordable housing for youth was high,” Cordes said.
It will take at least a year to get the fundraising campaign in gear before construction of the new project can begin, they said.
SCP-1812
Item #: SCP-1812
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1812 is currently located 180km from the surface of the Earth, and poses no threat of collision at this time. No more than 400 personnel within the Foundation, including O5-█, O5-██ and the Site-38 astronomy department, are allowed to be fully aware of SCP-1812 at any given time, due to possible spread of knowledge of SCP-1812.
All photographs that have the possibility of depicting SCP-1812 are to be destroyed upon discovery. The Foundation is currently tracking 236 separate observatories across the planet to ensure SCP-1812 is not detected and knowledge of it spread to the general public.
Due to the effect SCP-1812 has on the perception of tides, all personnel aware of the existence of SCP-1812 are not allowed within 12km of bodies of water with a maximum depth greater than 3 meters. In the event that knowledge of SCP-1812 is leaked to between 1-10% of the general population, global deployment of aerosolized Class-A Amnestics is to occur. In the event that more than 10% of the general population is aware of SCP-1812, all coastal areas are to be evacuated, as rate of spread as well as the perception of increased tides is expected to "flood" 85% of all coastlines on the planet. Nuclear bombardment of SCP-1812 has been considered as an option in this scenario.
MEMETIC HAZARD WARNING
Personnel without clearance level 3/1812 or higher are prohibited from viewing the following photograph. Attempting to access this file without proper clearance will result in demotion, forcible administration of Class-A Amnestics, reassignment, or a combination of any of the three.
Please input password Access Granted " LUNA 2". The first known image of SCP-1812, taken by Alexander Montag, July 2nd 19██. SCP-1812 is highlighted by the red circle.
Description: SCP-1812 is believed to be an irregularly-shaped asteroid orbiting Earth at a distance of approximately 180 kilometers. SCP-1812 is approximately 8km in diameter at its widest point, and has an unusually high density of 670 g/cm3. SCP-1812 is believed to have been captured by Earth's gravity approximately 3.2 billion years ago. SCP-1812 is in a retrograde orbit around the Earth, traveling at a rate of approximately 90 minutes per each orbit. Although only 1/437th of the diameter of the moon, SCP-1812 appears much larger in comparison due to the shorter distance between it and Earth. Depending on the angle of solar light relative to SCP-1812, it goes through several phases (waxing, full, waning, new) similar to the Earth's moon.
SCP-1812 is subject to a memetic phenomenon where it is incapable of being observed by human beings by sentient individuals unless an individual announces the presence of SCP-1812 either verbally or legibly, and indicates it in some way, such as circling it in a photograph or pointing out its location with a hand gesture. The exact area indicated is inconsequential; SCP-1812 can be viewed at several different locations in the sky by several different individuals, even in daylight conditions. The existence of SCP-1812 is dubious; measurements of the space that SCP-1812 theoretically should occupy show only empty space. However, these same measurements, when performed by a person aware of SCP-1812, seemingly show the existence of the object. For the purposes of this document, it is assumed that SCP-1812 does indeed exist.
Those who are aware of the existence of SCP-1812 will perceive several differences in the environment around them. For example, once an individual is aware of SCP-1812, they will be able to perceive light reflected off of it by the sun, increasing their night vision during times when SCP-1812 is visible. The most prominent effect, however, concerns tidal cycles and SCP-1812's effect on them. SCP-1812 exerts a gravitational pull on the Earth similar to, but weaker than, the moon's; however, this pull, combined with the moon's natural attraction, causes more severe tidal cycles, leading to those affected by SCP-1812 perceiving that sea levels are approximately ██ meters lower than the norm at low tide, and up to ███ meters at high tide, and that approximately 85% of coastlines and most islands around the world have been flooded. Persons entering affected areas by any means (excluding air travel) move as if though affected by an unseen liquid, usually starting about █ kilometers inland of the actual start of the water line. Subjects are incapable of swimming through this liquid, and have great difficulty moving, indicating that the liquid has a higher viscosity than water. At the point where individuals affected by SCP-1812 have the liquid going above their head, they begin suffocating and undergo severe hypoxia, essentially drowning on dry land. This can be prevented through use of breathing apparatuses such as scuba tanks. Also, volcanic activity is perceived to increase, with minor eruptions from several volcanic sites occurring frequently, and rarely results in death due to volcanic activity (i.e. violent eruptions causing ash plumes, exposure to lava causing combustion).
Addendum: Discovery of SCP-1812: Original containment of SCP-1812 was established 2 months after its original discovery by Alexander Montag, an amateur astronomer studying at State University of New York Maritime College, Bronx, New York. Shortly after their discovery, Montag barricaded themselves on the roof of the college and refused to leave for any reason, making notes on SCP-1812 (which they had dubbed "Luna 2") and its effects on the tidal cycle, believing the rest of New York City to have drowned under a massive tidal surge and that all individuals they encountered were simply hallucinations. Montag eventually constructed a boat made from an air conditioning unit and attempted to push it off into what they describe as the "New York Sea", resulting in them falling from the roof of the college and subsequently dying. The Foundation began investigating the incident when it was found Mr. Montag had survived the fall, and had died from suffocation and hypoxia. Agents recovered Mr. Montag's journal, which contained all information currently known about SCP-1812, and serves as the primary vector for the meme. It is currently unknown how Mr. Montag discovered SCP-1812 without any prior information regarding it.
Addendum: Attempts at treating individuals affected by SCP-1812 has met with little success. Attempting to reinforce that the liquid created by SCP-1812 is not real allows persons affected to enter coastal areas without drowning, but also leads to the delusion that liquid water does not exist, and leads to death by dehydration or drowning due to the inability to perceive water. Currently, ██ essential Foundation personnel who have undergone this treatment must be kept on a hydrating intravenous drip at all times. Similarly, attempts to enforce the idea that the enhanced night vision due to light reflecting off of SCP-1812 is non-existent has led to the complete inability to perceive stellar light, reflected or direct, including sunlight, leading to severe nyctophobia.
In the days when they owed Wall Street and the big banks far more than they could ever repay, the man who is now our president followed a basic principle:
“Don't pay!”
Of course, even Donald Trump could not just stiff the big banks as they did with any number of contractors in their casino days.
Trump sought refuge in bankruptcies that they later insisted were not bankruptcies at all.
They thereby became a particular kind of launderer when it came to money, one who laundered not the dough but their self-image.
They remain so cleansed in their own mind that they felt free to pass fiscal judgment on Puerto Rico after it had been battered by a hurricane as never before.
“Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble ... Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars ... owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with,” Trump tweeted on Monday.
Much of Puerto Rico's more than $70 billion in debt was generated by bond sales from which Wall Street raked in nearly $2 billion in fees. One bank charged Puerto Rico in excess of 30 percent more than it charged Detroit.
As anyone could have predicted, Puerto Rico had trouble making the debt payments and the bonds were deemed “the junkiest of junk,” or about par with the $675 million in junk bonds Trump once used to finance their casino empire in Atlantic City—despite declaring that they would never reduce themselves to such reckless financing.
As Puerto Rico staggered, hedge funds aptly known as “vulture funds” swept in, buying the debt at a discount of as much as 50 percent. They seemed assured of making a killing because the Puerto Rican Constitution is a vulture's dream. Article 6, Section 8 states:
“In case the available revenues including surplus for any fiscal year are insufficient to meet the appropriations made for that year, interest on the public debt and amortization thereof shall first be paid.”
In other words, the government has to pay whoever held the debt before funding even the most basic services, hospitals and schools included. An added colonial twist in federal law prohibits municipalities and public corporations such as utilities in Puerto Rico—and only Puerto Rico—from declaring bankruptcy.
If such strictures had applied to Trump, they would still be paying off their casino debt. They were instead able to avoid personally incurring significant debt while pocketing millions for himself.
“Atlantic City fueled a lot of growth for me,” Trump told The New York Times last year. “The money I took out of there was incredible.”
As for Puerto Rico, Trump's fellow billionaire, good buddy and big time backer John Paulson suggests that the island can save itself by becoming a tax haven. Paulson is said to have invested some $1.5 billion of their own money into hotels resorts and office buildings there.
“The Singapore of the Caribbean,” they have predicted.
Meanwhile, Puerto Rico staggered toward becoming the Detroit of the Caribbean, where schools and hospitals closed and the infrastructure crumbled. The vultures and the banks stood to get ever richer.
Blind greed took a hit in June of 2016, when the U.S. Congress stepped in with the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA.) Title III of the measure allows Puerto Rico, its municipalities and its public corporations to enter into a variation on bankruptcy. The process is under the supervision of a seven-member Financial Oversight and Management Board of Puerto Rico, appointed by the president and nicknamed La Junta.
Puerto Rico suspended debt payments while the Oversight Board promulgated a fiscal plan. The creditors challenged the plan as illegal, arguing in a lawsuit that “Obligations comprising ‘public debt' are given a priority over all other debts and expenses of the Commonwealth, bar none, by the Commonwealth Constitution.”
A hearing was scheduled for September 19, to be held in in courtroom 5 at federal district court in San Juan but presided over via video by Judge Laura Taylor Swain in courtroom 17C in federal district court in Manhattan. The proceeding was rescheduled for October 4 due to what the clerk's office in San Juan described as “the imminent passage of Hurricane Maria.”
Swain initially said they nevertheless expected the parties involved to submit electronic filing due on September 19. A San Juan-based lawyer for one of the creditors submitted a plea for an extension, noting that had recovered from one hurricane only to face another:
“Undersigned has not been able to respond to the Financial Oversight Board's reply to our motion due to the effects of hurricane Irma. I was without water and electricity at home until last Tuesday, and without internet service up to today. The electricity returned to the office where the secretary is located today. I have put into service a mobile hotspot to be able to use adequately the internet (I have been able to see the docket entries in my cellular telephone after the service was restored, but not to see the documents). Today the electricity is back in service in the office.”
They went on, “Unfortunately, Puerto Rico faces a second major hurricane (María), and I have had to renew preparations at home for a probable major hit of said hurricane. (I hope that the impact be not so hard as projected). At this time, I do not honestly know when I will be back to normal operations, it will depend upon the results of the passage of Maria over or near Puerto Rico.”
They concluded, “It is therefore respectfully requested that this Honorable Court grant an extension of time to respond to the reply filed by the Oversight Board, for a term to be determined by the Honorable Court depending upon the effects of hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.”
The lawyers for Puerto Rico responded with a filing that included a warning from the National Hurricane Center:
BULLETIN: Hurricane Maria Intermediate Advisory Number 13A NWS National Hurricane Center Miami FL
800 AM AST Tue Sep 19 2017
...POTENTIALLY CATASTROPHIC HURRICANE MARIA HEADED FOR THE VIRGIN
ISLANDS AND PUERTO RICO...
Maria is likely to affect Puerto Rico and the U.S. and British Virgin Islands as an extremely dangerous major hurricane tonight and Wednesday. Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion.
The lawyers wrote, “As the Court knows, Puerto Rico is currently fully engaged in preparations for another hurricane. On September 18, 2017, Hurricane Maria ‘rapidly intensified into a major hurricane.' Due to the potential impact of Hurricane Maria on Puerto Rico, on September 18, 2017, the Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rosselló, declared a state of emergency and activated the National Guard.”
The filing continues, “In anticipation of Hurricane Maria's landfall, Governor Rosselló announced that the Government of Puerto Rico would work until noon on September 18, 2017, and would put into action the plans for the protection of public property and governmental facilities…
“The shutdown of certain government servers, the closure of government offices, and the need for responsible individuals to focus on hurricane preparation for their families, together with the anticipated loss of power in San Juan will hamper or eliminate communications.”
The filing also notes, “Additionally, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, declared a state of emergency for the island, making Puerto Rico eligible for federal assistance from any damage sustained by the storm. “
Trump seems to have set about doing exactly what you would want a president to do. But they then appeared to all but forget Puerto Rico even as situation turned so dire that the October 4 hearing was also cancelled, to be rescheduled at some time when things have returned to normal, whenever that might be. The order from Judge Swain read:
“On September 20, 2017, Puerto Rico was hit directly by Hurricane Maria, a Category 4 storm and the most powerful hurricane to strike Puerto Rico in nearly a century. Maria's landfall came only two weeks after Hurricane Irma, and devastated Puerto Rico. Millions of American citizens whose U.S. home is Puerto Rico are without light, water, food, fuel and even basic sewer services. Hospitals are struggling without fuel and supplies; considerable areas of the island are isolated due to inaccessibility and one area is threatened by the imminent collapse of a decades-old dam that was heavily weakened by Maria and could possibly trigger a life-threatening flood. These Americans, who were in the process of restructuring billions in debt through these PROMESA Title III proceedings in the hope of emerging from an economic crisis of unprecedented proportions, now face an even graver humanitarian crisis, one also that threatens their already challenging path back to economic stability.”
The order continued: “The Government of Puerto Rico and the Financial Oversight and Management Board have requested that the Court postpone hearings that were previously scheduled to take place this week and next week. In light of the immediate crises and need for attention to the safety and stability of day-to-day life for the people of Puerto Rico, the Court grants their requests. The Court hopes that Puerto Rico will benefit in the coming days from the delivery of substantial portions of the massive federal aid that is needed immediately, in supplies, expertise and services, to ensure the safety of American citizens living in Puerto Rico and their retention of the foothold they have established on the path to economic recovery.”
The lawyers for Puerto Rico submitted to the court a document headed “The Current Situation in the Aftermath of Hurricane Maria." The filing stated, “Puerto Rico is currently facing one of its worst crises in modern history. Not only is the island facing extensive costs in the aftermath of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, it is also in the midst of a decade-long economic depression while attempting to restructure its debts.”
The report further stated, “The island's only electricity service provider, PREPA, cannot provide power to any of its customers at this moment. Approximately 80 percent of the energy transmission infrastructure has been damaged. More than 70 percent of the customers of the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority are also without potable water…
“Thousands of families have been displaced from their homes, which have been destroyed, and are now either living with family members or being indefinitely relocated to shelters...Multiple hospitals were severely damaged. The Government is currently coordinating the transfer of patients to other hospitals. In addition, the lack of access to gasoline is making travel difficult, including preventing doctors from easily getting to hospitals and patients from getting to medical facilities and pharmacies...
“The educational system has also come to a grinding halt, with many schools damaged and students unable to attend class because of hardships faced by teachers and students alike. Many of Puerto Rico's schools are currently being used as shelters, so schools will not be able to reopen until displaced people can be relocated to other facilities.”
The report concluded, “Unlike other regions of the United States that have suffered catastrophic disasters, Puerto Rico's situation is made far worse due to its geographic location as an island and its fiscal and economic crisis, which it was addressing prior to these storms. “
That sounds very much like what Trump said in their tweet, only their message was preceded by seemingly endless tweets about the NFL and none offering sympathy and reassurance for the people of Puerto Rico.
“But they turned suddenly empathetic when they were accused of worrying more about football players going on one knee than a whole island flattened in what was the farthest possible thing from a game.
“America's hearts & prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico & the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!” they tweeted on Tuesday.”
At least erstwhile Donny the Deadbeat did not tweet again about the billions owed to Wall street and the banks “which sadly must be dealt with.”
In court filings, Puerto Rico and the oversight board say they are anxious to get back to restructuring the debt as a necessary step toward the island's recovery.
When they visit there next week, maybe Trump can whisper in Spanish their basic principle back when they owed Wall Street and the big banks far more than they could ever repay
“No pague!”
The Tennessee Valley Authority has completed another round of critical testing of the Watts Bar Unit 2 reactor, which the utility plans to start up later this year, pending regulatory approval.
TVA said today it successfully passed the first in the series of pressure tests for the new reactor following a series of hot functional tests of plant equipment during July. The latest structural integrity and integrated leak rate tests involved increasing pressure inside the containment vessel to check welds and other seals to make sure they function as designed. More than 200 valves, cable penetrations, airlock doors and other openings also were checked without any significant problems being uncovered, TVA spokesperson Scott Brooks said.
"The tests were completed successfully on the first performance, which reinforces the quality of the construction," Brooks said. today.
TVA is continuing startup testing to verify the reliability of all safety-related systems at Watts Bar, including emergency AC power systems, prior to preparing for initial fuel load.
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission must still issue an operating license for TVA to load nuclear fuel into the Unit 2 reactor. The NRC has authorized its staff at its Atlanta regional office to issue the license once TVA verifies the reliability of plant systems and passes NRC inspections.
Unit 2 senior manager of operations Tom Wallace walks up the stairs to the Unit 2 cooling tower of TVA's Watts Bar nuclear plant Wednesday, April 29, 2015, in Spring City, Tenn. TVA plans for the nuclear plant's second reactor unit to come online by the end of the year. Unit 2 senior manager of operations Tom Wallace... Photo by Doug Strickland /Times Free Press.
"It is important that we verify the containment vessel provides a tight barrier and has been built to rigorous industry standards," Mike Skaggs, senior vice president for Watts Bar operation and construction, said in a statement today.
TVA Chief Nuclear Officer Joe Grimes said the success of the tests "speaks to the impressive quality work done by the construction craft in achieving this objective."
The Unit 2 reactor is a Westinghouse pressurized water reactor capable of generating about 1,150 megawatts, or enough power to supply the electricity needs of about 650,000 homes.
TVA started construction of Watts Bar in 1973 but has stopped and started work on the nuclear plant several times over the past 42 years in response to changing power demand and plant regulations. The Unit 2 reactor is scheduled to become the first new American reactor to come online in the 21st century and will be the first new U.S. nuclear unit added to America's electric grid since TVA completed the Unit 1 reactor at Watts Bar in 1996.
TVA has invested more than $6 billion in the Unit 2 reactor. Recovering that investment will cost TVA an extra $450 million next year in depreciation and interest expenses, according to TVA Chief Financial Officer John Thomas. But the new reactor will cut TVA fuel costs by $200 million a year and help TVA comply with new carbon limits on electric utilities.
This is the first segment of a story that was nearly five years in the making. It began as a writing assignment in college and was worked on slowly but surely until I was happy ending it. Countless hours of research, bottles of wine, pots of tea and/or coffee, pints of beer, and boxes of goldfish are thanked for the making of this story. I introduce you to Scarlett, Viktor, and Cassie, my stars. A new segment every day! A love story…and killing people. Enjoy!
Viktor: Part I
The stained glass mural of the Virgin of Guadalupe on the mausoleum was enchanting with the backdrop of city lights and night sky. Accented by massive headstones and spiritual figurines on a sea of what is usually vibrant green, but now black sea of grass, it gives an invitational rather than sorrowful feeling, even as the slight drizzle quickly turned to a downpour. A cemetery and crematorium never seems to be where humanity wants to inhabit but it's quite comforting really. It is, however, an intensely sour view looking from the inside out upon the neighboring apartments. They couldn't help but stand out with their pink adobe walls and turquoise accents. With all the majestic surroundings that sit just high enough to still see the city lights, it's no wonder everyone is dying to occupy a plot of this land.
My plan was a much simpler one and definitely quicker than waiting for time to take their toll on the intended victim. All that was required was intense observation and research, clever planning, and charismatic actions, all of which have taken much time to piece perfectly together.
They had no idea they were watched. Everything about them was noticed: their long black hair, hourglass figure and long legs, red-rimmed glasses and their favorite pair of ripped jeans. Every little thing regarded as insignificant, was noticed. Tonight they will see just how important it is to pay attention to things around you. It's time to show them that nothing, no not anything, but no one, should go unnoticed.
Google rolled out a new feature Friday for its search browser, which uses media outlets like Politifact and Snopes to help combat “fake news.”
After inputting a search query on the tech conglomerate's platform, a user is shown results with “fact checks for one or more public claims” or news stories.
“The snippet will display information on the claim, who made the claim, and the fact check of that particular claim,” Justin Kosslyn, product manager of Jigsaw, Google's technology incubator, and Cong Yu, a research scientist, wrote on an official Google blog post. “As we make fact checks more visible in Search results, we believe people will have an easier time reviewing and assessing these fact checks, and making their own informed opinions.”
Kosslyn and Yu don't specifically mention Snopes or Politifact in their text, but the pictures provided demonstrate the two projects in use. An accompanying map also lists the two websites.
Snopes, Politifact, or any such publication deciding which news stories are legitimate leads to editorializing as fact checking is prone to subjectivity.
This notion is further evidenced in that not a single fact checker at Snopes comes from a conservative background, which a Daily Caller investigation revealed. In fact, Snopes employs liberals and leftists almost exclusively.
Snopes' fact-checking skills have been called into question after numerous attempts to invalidate certain stories backfired.
Politifact has also made some extremely doubtful (and perhaps biased) efforts to disprove and verify certain public claims.
The Pulitizer Prize-winning site ruled former Secretary of State John Kerry's 2014 claim to have destroyed “100 percent” of chemical weapons in Syria as “Mostly true.” Syrian citizens were victims of the worst chemical attack since 2013 on Tuesday, in what many believe was the work of the Syrian government.
Google clarified that not every search result will trigger an automatic fact check by Snopes and Politifact because sometimes “different publishers checked the same claim and reached different conclusions.” (RELATED: Podesta Says Fake News Is A Huge Threat, But The Facts Say Different)
“Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it's still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree,” Google elaborated.
The tech giant thanked its “fact check community,” which reportedly includes 115 organizations, for helping to purportedly refine the feature.
Google isn't the only company trying to fight news it considers deceiving or false. (RELATED: Facebook Exec: We Are ‘Just Getting Started' With ‘Fake News' Battle)
Facebook rolled out new tools in January and April to help determine what news stories are “sensational” or “misleading.” The tech company also hired a former CNN anchor who isn't shy about their anti-Trump sentiment in January to become its new arbiter of news.
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
BOSTON (Reuters) - Mary Shelley's “Frankenstein” foreshadowed a key concept in evolutionary biology formally defined by scientists a century after the human-made monster shambled across the pages of the 19th century novel, an academic study published on Friday found.
The study, titled “Frankenstein and the Horrors of Competitive Exclusion” and published in BioScience, takes its inspiration from a pivotal scene in the 1816 gothic story when the monster identified only as the “Creature” asks its creator, Victor Frankenstein, to create them a mate and allow the two to go live in “the vast wilds of South America.”
Unlike in the 1933 movie “Bride of Frankenstein,” the book's Victor Frankenstein ultimately decides against repeating their experiment, fearing the two could breed a new race of creatures that would ultimately drive humanity extinct.
Making a few assumptions about the creature, described in the novel as 8 feet (2.44 m) tall, able to eat a wider variety of foods than humans and heal itself after being shot in the shoulder, the study projects that its population would grow sufficiently large to drive humanity extinct in about 4,000 years.
Frankenstein's decision anticipated a concept that scientists in the 1930s defined as “competitive exclusion,” which illustrates the limits of life's expansion when animals or humans need to compete for the same limited resources.
The early appearance of the idea in a popular novel illustrates the way that humans readily intuit some fundamental scientific concepts, said Nathaniel Dominy, one of the article's co-authors.
“People have a fundamental understanding of concepts like the ecological niche and that species will do well in some habitats and not so well in others,” said Dominy, a professor of anthropology at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
While the human population has grown by seven times since the publication of “Frankenstein,” to some 7.35 billion people, hundreds of species have gone extinct, many due to competitions with humans or with invasive species moved by humans.
“You take an invasive species, put it in a new place and it starts to compete with what is already occupying the niche,” Dominy said.
Tesla has been promising a special event to celebrate the opening of its battery factory in Nevada for a while now. Attending the event was even part of the prizes of Tesla's second round of the Model S owner referral program. Now it finally has a date: July 29th. The company sent out the invitations to the top Model S referrers last night.
Every Model S owner who referred 5 and more sales from October to December received the invitation:
“Congratulations on winning tickets to the upcoming Gigafactory Grand Opening! We appreciate your support and participation in the Referral Program. We are excited to announce that the Gigafactory Grand Opening event will take place on the evening of Friday, July 29th at our facility outside Reno, Nevada.”
The factory is still under construction and currently only the first phase is up with an 800,000-square-foot footprint and 1.9 million square feet of space. It is often referred to as the “pilot plant”. Once completed, the Gigafactory is expected to have a total operational space of about 13 million square feet.
Model S owner Kushari shared an image of their invite on /r/Teslamotors:
Tesla has been referring to the plant as ‘Gigafactory 1‘ – hinting that more Gigafactory will follow.
In October 2015, the company moved the Tesla Energy production line from its Fremont factory to the plant in Nevada and has since been ramping up for volume production to start in early 2016.The real challenge will be the start of battery cell production at the facility, which is expected to start later this year. Maybe Tesla will reveal a little more information about the cells to be produced at the plant during the Grand Opening event.
Last year CEO Elon Musk referred to the cells set to be manufactured at the plant as having “moderate” battery technology improvements over current products, but the real game changer will be the cost. Tesla aims to reduce its battery cell cost by 30 to 50% through economy of scale at the Gigafactory.
Featured Image: Amazing new aerial pictures of the Tesla Gigafactory suggest lots of activity at the plant – February 2016 [Gallery]
As the Minnesota Vikings OTAs and Minicamp finish, Quarterback Teddy Bridgewater goes back home to workout and has some high-level talent to throw to.
This offseason we have heard rumblings of Minnesota Vikings Quarterback Teddy Bridgewater making progress with their long ball and overall game. With the upcoming season hinging on Bridgewater's progress, they will have to put in the work this offseason to make sure they are ready for a bigger opportunity this fall.
Over the early offseason activities held by the Vikings, there has been much praise of Bridgewater and their ability to throw the deep ball. They have been seen taking more chances instead of playing like they have in recent years being more of a game manager.
They have always spent the offseason in their native state of Florida. Earlier this offseason, Bridgewater had a gathering of Vikings wide receivers in Florida to work out together to try and build some chemistry before the upcoming season. Bridgewater is expected to have another workout with the Vikings pass catchers before training camp. These workouts have been crowned the “Teddy Two Gloves Passing Academy.”
This week, Bridgewater is working out with the NFL's best wide receiver, Pittsburgh Steelers wideout Antonio Brown. Both being natives of Florida, the two were seen through Twitter and Brown's Snapchat working out together.
Working with Brown will only help Bridgewater, especially in their deep ball as Brown is known for their deep ball catching ability and their speed. Hopefully, Bridgewater soaks up all the wisdom they can from Brown in the time they spend together this week.
Earlier this offseason, we wrote a piece on Vikings Cornerback Xavier Rhodes who is also a native of Florida, working out with Antonio Brown, Odell Beckham Jr, and Jarvis Laundry.
It looks as if the Vikings personnel is doing all they can to work on their craft this offseason. Let's hope it pays off in the upcoming season.
In the war on rot, aging food is a tactical retreat. We can't beat nature at its own game, so we join it, and let microbes have their way with meat or cheese in the hopes of developing deeper, more complex flavors than the fresh versions can offer.
There's less rot involved when we age drinks like wine, beer, and whiskey, but it's still a testy alliance with nature—giving up the fresh, fiery tastes of youth for something deeper, layered, and more mature. Age, though it manifests in many forms, has a character all its own. You know it when you taste it; you're drinking time.
The Western world's long been keen on aging all kinds of drinks, but up until the last couple decades or so, the idea of applying the same principles to tea was largely unknown. Head over to China, though, and you quickly see that aged tea is as much a part of life as 21-year-old whiskey and prized vintages of Champagne.
Why age tea at all? Most tea doesn't so much age as turn stale and dead. But with the right environment, and the right tea, you get something utterly unique: a drink that slinks down your throat and hugs your belly, relaxes your muscles and calms your mind. The best aged tea is medicine you want to gulp, full of bitter chocolate or stonefruit or wet, sweet soil. And for the complexity of what you're drinking, it can cost way, way less per serving than that bottle of old Scotch.
While you can age many kinds of tea (I'm sitting on some lovely oolong almost as old as my parents), none is more lusted after than the pride of Yunnan Province, a tea hundreds—if not thousands—of years in the making: pu-erh.
Pu-erh, which is processed in a special way to encourage microbial fermentation after the leaves are dried, ages more dynamically than any tea out there. It does not have fans. It has junkies who buy kilos of the stuff at a time to bliss out on days-long brewing sessions, only dropping out of their highs long enough to argue over the best pu-erh blends, growing regions, and storage methods. There are grasping amateurs who buy, gift, and drink the tea to gain social status among Chinese elite. And there are pu-erh investors, too, gambling on a particular tea's aging potential, who build booming futures markets and, in the case of a major bust in 2007, crash them.
Over in the West, pu-erh is a niche market within a niche market. But its devotees are growing. And if there's a tea that's ready for the big time outside Asia, this is it.
A Tea Like No Other
For a tea to be called pu-erh, it must be made from the large-leaf subspecies Camellia sinensis var. assamica and grown in Yunnan Province in China's southwest, where Han Chinese as well as many ethnic minorities share borders with Burma and Laos. It's one of the few teas to be designated a protected origin product by the Chinese government, a rarity in an industry run wild with loose, unregulated terms and limited oversight.*
* Not that these regulations are all that effective; knock-off pu-erh is an enormous problem, just like in other famous tea-growing regions.
Those factors restrict the tea's general character and terroir to a set of parameters, but the real trick to pu-erh is what happens after it's picked. Fresh leaves get tossed by hand in giant woks long enough to halt the tea's oxidation, but not so long as to drive off all moisture and kill natural bacteria. The tea is then left to dry in the sun, but the bacteria live on, and over years and decades, they'll help completely transform the tea from a fresh, bitter green into something more dark, mellow, and rich.
Most tea farmers sell their dried tea directly to vendors or wholesalers, but with pu-erh there's usually a middle step. Farmers sell their finished loose leaves (called maocha) to processors who often blend leaves from several sources, steam them, then compress them under heavy weights into a variety of shapes, such as frisbee-like cakes, square bricks, and small concave nests. This Ming Dynasty-era practice was originally developed to make tea easier to transport over long distances, but these days is reserved for teas designed for aging; the compressed form makes for a more stable and portable aging environment as time does its thing.
A cake of pu-erh is in a constant state of change, and as you chip away leaves to drink over the months and years, no two brews will taste the same. Some pu-erh is delicious to drink when fresh: it's vegetal and fragrant with gentle bitterness and a tickling sun-dried pungency. Other pu-erh needs years of aging for profound bitterness or harsh, smoky flavors to mellow out into something smooth, sweet, and dignified. Half the fun of drinking the stuff is watching your tea grow and change as you do.
Drinking Time
Though pu-erh is one style of tea from one province, it's tricky to make generalizations about how it tastes. Regional variations in terroir, processing styles, and age all come into play, and the world of pu-erh is maddeningly complex, even by fine tea standards. As Jinghong Zhang puts it in their excellent Puer Tea: Ancient Caravans and Urban Chic, an elucidating academic treatment of the tea's socio-political-economic history, "Pu-erh tea has been packaged by multiple actors into a fashionable drink with multiple authenticities." But to paint with the broadest of all possible brushes, here's a very rough breakdown of the three major pu-erh categories:
Young 'Raw': This looks like green tea more than anything else, and it's either brand new or not old enough (under, say, two to three years) to develop any of the aged characteristics of more mature pu-erh. It can be floral and sweet or as bitter as amaro, but there's an undeniable youth and grassy freshness to the brew. Some pu-erh people hate the taste of bitter young sheng, but others specifically seek it out for those bitter qualities. And some of the best young sheng out there should be drank fast, like green tea; not all pu-erh ages well, and time can just flatten out its snappy, vegetal flavor without adding anything new.
Aged 'Raw': There are many schools on how to age pu-erh, but all involve controlled heat and humidity to smooth out the tea's rough edges and make for a darker, deeper brew that tends to register lower in your throat and body. Aged pu-erh raw usually has some woodsy, earthy qualities and camphor or dark fruit notes, but rather than specific flavors, the important thing here is the depth and body the tea develops. There's enormous range in how that character manifests; a seven-year-old pu-erh likely won't be as murky and moody as a 30-year-old one. So the only way to get a sense of how aging affects pu-erh is to drink a lot of it.
'Ripe': The deep, dark, basementy pu-erh favored by the likes of Hong Kong drinkers takes decades to mature, which is why in the 1970s, tea processors developed a shortcut: shou ('ripe,' as opposed to 'raw' sheng) pu-erh, in which dried pu-erh leaves are piled in rooms and left to effectively compost for months in the heat and humidity from their own biomass. The process cuts maturation time down from decades to months, though shou pu-erh usually winds up tasting less complex than good aged sheng, and it's typically made with lower grade leaves. But a good shou pu-erh can be thick and luscious as a latte with a rich, mushroomy sweetness that sinks to your belly, and it's usually cheaper than comparable quality aged sheng pu-erh. Note that you can age shou pu-erh just like sheng, but since it's already been 'pre-aged' in processing, its character will evolve far less over time.
Fortunately, no matter what kind of pu-erh you have, brewing it is relatively straightforward. Like other fine Chinese teas, it benefits from using a lot of leafs in small pots, brewing for short times (15 to 60 seconds) over a series of as many as two dozen infusions with boiling or near-boiling water, adjusting as you go. (More on this kind of brewing right this way.) More than most tea, pu-erh is built for change, not just over months and years, but over a single brew session.
You can use a scale to weigh out your leaves to the gram, but I usually break off a six- to 10-gram chunk with a butter knife for a 100-milliliter gaiwan or clay teapot.* Even relatively simple fresh, young sheng pu-erh will develop in your pot as you keep re-steeping, and more mature aged teas can travel from dank and mushroomy to spicy-sweet to grapey-floral.
* Here's a video on how to break apart a pu-erh cake. There are plenty of online resources on the subject, but this one has the best soundtrack.
Buy it With Care
Buying quality tea is always tricky business, but this is especially the case with pu-erh. The most challenging part of buying good pu-erh knows who to trust. Since it's such a trendy tea in tea circles, and vendors typically buy from other sellers or middlemen processors and factories rather than farmers directly (remember, those processors are the ones who press the tea into its final form), there's a lot of opportunity for someone to lie along the way and either upsell their goods or completely misrepresent what they're selling.
Do a little reading about pu-erh and you'll see some vaunted names come up again, such as famous teas like Menghai Factory's 7542 cakes or lusted-after antique 88 qingbings, or noteworthy growing regions like Yiwu and Laobanzhang. All justly celebrated, but without much regulation, there's no guarantee that the $300 aged cake you just bought is actually the tea being advertised. Even pu-erh experts can get fooled by fakes, a rampant problem in the industry.
Pu-erh can get expensive. Since the tea is formed into a compressed shape, you have to buy it in fixed amounts. Small nest-shaped tuo forms are usually 100 or 250 grams, and cakes, the most common form, are over three quarters of a pound. While many vendors offer smaller samples of their pu-erhs, those samples come with a substantial markup. Oh, and those big name teas? Some of them can command astronomical prices: four or five figures for less than a pound of tea.
The good news, though, is that quality pu-erh costs less per-gram than many other quality teas that a) can't age well, so you have to drink them fast, and b) don't last nearly as many re-steeps as pu-erh, so while you may pay a higher upfront cost, even pricey pu-erh can come out cheaper per cup than some other celebrated tea styles.
So it's worth buying your pu-erh with care, which is why I typically do so from vendors who specialize in it and who either press their own cakes or have long-established relationships that have a proven track record of quality. To get you started, here are five reliable sources to seek out. If you're brand new to pu-erh, don't get too hung up on the terminologies and labels you'll find as you start shopping. Instead, set a budget, order some samples and maybe a couple cheap cakes to start, and drink with an open mind. The addiction comes later.
Pu-Erh Sources to Seek Out
Crimson Lotus: Reasonably priced quality aged and fresh raw pu-erh as well as some good affordable ripe styles. The 2005 Changtai Top of the Clouds is a solid introduction to the complexities of aged pu-erh, as is the 2008 Bulang for deep, sweet ripe. Crimson Lotus also presses their own raw pu-erh for aging or drinking right now; the 2015 Hidden Song is a tasty fresh tea that will appeal to green tea fans, while the already enticing 2015 Slumbering Dragon will only get better with time.
White2Tea: Another boutique shop with a wide (but carefully selected) range of pu-erh: just-pressed and decades old, raw and ripe, budget-friendly and "second mortgage on the house" pricey. Many of the house pressings are great (the 2015 Tuhao as Fuck in particular; White2Tea also has the best pu-erh names in the business), and most interesting for pu-erh beginners will be the company's four-cake starter set, which at $40 for 400 grams of tea is an especially affordable way to get a sense of how picking season, age, and leaf grade all affect a tea.
Chawangshop: Wide, wide selection and some very friendly prices mean it's easy to go overboard at this China-based vendor, which also carries a good selection of other fermented aged tea to try beyond pu-erh. Not all the offerings are equally good—there's a $4 brick of tea that unsurprisingly brews up like horse food—but the house Chawangpu pressings are rather nice budget offerings to swig on a daily basis, such as the 2015 Hekai Gushu or the 2005 Bulang.
Yunnan Sourcing: With literally hundreds of pu-erhs available, Yunnan Sourcing sells more pu-erh than just about any Western-facing vendor. This is a good place to get a sense of just how varied the world of pu-erh is, from big factory pressings by Menghai and Xiaguan to more obscure regions to the company's own label. Learning about pu-erh means paying some tuition, and a comprehensive site like Yunnan Sourcing can help you see what's out there.
Tea Classico: On the more high-end side, with some 1980s and '90s pu-erh that's aged into remarkable maturity (and worth ordering samples of for a couple brews of deep tea education). The budget offerings, such as the 2013 Zhangjia, are worth looking into as well, good reminders that a pu-erh doesn't have to be expensive to be delicious.
Disclosure: Some vendors have provided samples for review.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
If "God told me to do it" is now a defense, there's going to be a lot of anti-choice terrorists using it.
IMG/istock
When Angel Dillard was arrested for sending threatening letters to Dr. Mila Means, their original defense was that it wasn't a “true threat.” They aren't really going to put a bomb under the doctor's car, their lawyer argued, so it shouldn't count.
But now Dillard is taking a new approach.  They are counter-suing and now claims God was speaking to them
Via The San Antonio Express:
Dillard responded with a lawsuit saying the government's suit violates their freedom of speech and religion. Government lawyers have criticized their arguments and asked the court to dismiss their counterclaim. Them attorney asked the court Friday allow them to amend their lawsuit to address “any pleading defects” and support its allegations. Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE “Angel Dillard believed they were inspired by God to send a letter to Dr. Means in an attempt to convince them not to pursue their plan to abort babies in Wichita,” attorney Donald McKinney said. “Angel Dillard wrote the letter quickly, in a matter of minutes, and believed that their message was divinely inspired.”
It's the next logical step in their argument that the letter was covered under free speech and freedom of religion, a defense that has already managed to make headway with state judges.
If all it takes to defend threats is to say God told you to do it, we're likely to see clinic violence increase even more.
CLOSE There are a lot of differences. Time
While both the House and Senate bills are still subject to revision, both contain a whopper of a bait-and-switch. (Photo: Getty Images)
If you're a small business owner hoping to get a tax cut under the proposed Republican tax reform, pay close attention. While there will be a few small business winners, most owners will see no benefit, and you might be one of the many losers.
More: Rhonda Abrams' column page
While both the House and Senate bills are still subject to revision, both contain a provision directly aimed at small businesses. And it's got a whopper of a bait-and-switch.
Whenever you hear them talking about lowering the rate on “pass through” income — the kind almost all small business owners report — remember this: It won't lower taxes on at least 70% of the money you make. It won't help the overwhelming bulk of small businesses.
How did we get here?
During the Presidential campaign, candidate Donald Trump promised to lower business taxes. But they meant “corporate” taxes — with a new lower rate applicable only to “C” corporations, generally the largest businesses.
Small businesses don't operate that way. Virtually all pay tax on a pass-through basis, since they're sole proprietorships, partnerships, LLCs, and “S” corporations, subject to the income tax rate of the individual owner or partner.
Oops. Candidate Trump realized they better include small businesses, too. After all, there was an election to be won. So, they said small businesses would get a lower tax rate, too.
But — oops — lowering taxes on pass-through entities would cost a huge amount in lost tax revenue, and the deficit would go through the roof.
So, politically the Republicans were caught: They had to add some benefit for small businesses, but not enough to cost so much they couldn't fund the tax break they wanted for big corporations.
Thus, a devilish detail: Limit the lower pass-through tax rate to only a small amount of total small business earnings, a maximum of 30% of everything a small business owner makes. In other words, at least 70% of a business owner's income would continue to be taxed up to the highest rate, 38.5% or 39.6%.
This provision is so unpalatable, wiping out benefits for over 90% of all small businesses, that even the reliably pro-Republican National Federation of Independent Businesses opposed it. Oops.
So the House threw small businesses a bone, lowering the tax rate on the first $37,500 of pass-through income ($75,000 if married filing jointly) to 9% from the current 12%. The Senate bill would phase that lower rate in over three years.
The bottom line after all this manipulation? The effective new tax rate for pass-through income for most small businesses would be what they pay now or possibly, gulp, higher (it's not clear whether 30% will have to be taxed at 25%).
Some small business owners would actually see their effective rate reduced as the 30% of income added up: Those small business owners making over $260,000 in take-home income. The rest of us, nope. Corporate tax rates — for C corporations — would only be 20%.
And here's another whopper: If you receive pass-through income from businesses you do NOT work in, you enjoy the 25% maximum tax rate on 100% of such passive income, unlike the poor slob who actually does the work, who only gets it on 30%.
That may sound OK, right? Well, hold on. Because a whole lot of other provisions take away tax benefits many, if not most, small business owners currently receive.
Looking at the details, here are winners and losers, given current proposed tax bills:
Losers:
► Professional service businesses and consultants, including health, law, architecture, accounting, financial services, engineering, and more. Explicitly denied lower pass-through rates.
► Owners and employees in startups and tech companies. The Senate bill potentially wipes out any benefit of stock options, which would be taxed when vested rather than sold. Individuals would have to pay real taxes on stock profits they haven't received except on paper. It's nonsensical.
► Businesses and residents that pay state or local income taxes. No longer deductible.
► homeowners, especially those in higher tax states such as California, New York, New Jersey. Property tax deductions eliminated or capped at $10,000. Tax exclusions on gains on the sale of homes are also more limited.
► Realtors and those in home related businesses. Limited or no property tax deductions and less favorable treatment of home sale gains may make home ownership less desirable.
► Non-profits. Higher standard deductions may mean fewer people donate to their churches or other non-profits.
► Sick people. Medical expenses no longer deductible.
► College educated. Interest on student loans no longer deductible under House plan.
Winners:
► Individuals who do not itemize and currently take the standard deduction. The standard deduction will almost double, making filing easier and saving money for those with the lowest incomes.
► Small business owners who make over $260,000 a year. The maximum tax rate becomes effectively lower since 30% of income may be taxed at 25%, lower than you are currently paying.
► Small business owners who make under $37,500. The-House revised bill lowers taxes to 9% instead of 12% on the first $37,500 (single) or $75,000 (married filing jointly) of net business taxable income. Senate bill phases this in over three years.
► Passive, not active, investors in small businesses. Passive pass-through income gets a lower 25% rate on 100% of income.
► Companies purchasing expensive equipment in the next five years. Both bills allow for 100% immediate write-offs (rather than depreciating over many years) of business equipment purchases.
Rhonda Abrams is the author of 19 books including Entrepreneurship: A Real-World Approach, just released in its second edition. Connect with Rhonda on Facebook and Twitter: @RhondaAbrams. Register for Rhonda's free business tips newsletter at www.PlanningShop.com.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ihM3h1
The government has come under attack over its role in tackling the growing humanitarian crisis in Libya after figures were released showing that the Department for International Development has earmarked just £50,000 in aid for this financial year, despite international calls for an urgent response, to avoid food and medicine stocks running out.
A UN source in the region said there was disappointment at the “paltry bone-throwing from a European country whose bombers reaped so much destruction in Libya just five years ago”.
Crispin Blunt: Britain has moral responsibility to train Libyan army Read more
SNP MP Stephen Gethins, a member of the foreign affairs select committee, said: “The government's intention to spend just £50,000 [for an adviser] on humanitarian aid following their bombing campaign of £320m is unbelievable. UK policy has been nothing short of disastrous in Libya. Not only did the government undertake military action with little in the way of long-term planning, but it saw the UK spend 13 times more bombing the country than in reconstruction efforts in the four years after that, with the people of the country paying a heavy price.
“David Cameron has been widely condemned for helping create yet another failed state,” they added. “A disaster is unfolding in Libya, not least due to the UK's actions. The UK must now step up and provide adequate humanitarian assistance to a country which desperately needs it.”
President Barack Obama said last month that Libya had been allowed to become a “shit show” and a base for Islamic State. They singled out Cameron for taking their “eye off the ball”, and said that following the military intervention to aid rebels during the 2011 Arab spring, Libya was forgotten, despite its position on Europe's doorstep.
Efraim Halevy, a former Israeli intelligence chief, said Libya was Cameron's “biggest mistake” and was about to be the “biggest problem for Europe in the months to come”.
Downing Street confirmed that the prime minister had not yet responded to last month's letter from the foreign affairs select committee chairperson, Tory MP Crispin Blunt, asking them to come before the Libya inquiry. The committee is waiting to complete its report after a fact-finding mission to the region, but its members are known to be anxious over the reports of planned ground troops.
The prime minister has previously responded to concerns over reports that troops would be sent out by saying they would tell MPs only if it is happening “in a conventional sense”. British special forces are widely believed to be operating in the country.
“If we had any plans to send conventional forces for training in Libya, then of course we'd come to this House and discuss them,” Cameron told the Commons last month. Sources say that Italian and British embassies in the region have been briefed on plans for a 6,000-strong, Italian-led force, which would include 1,000 British soldiers.
Martin Kobler, the UN special envoy to Libya, told the security council last month: “The situation in Libya has deteriorated further, against the background of poor funding for the humanitarian response.”
Libya has a population of six million and significant resources, but an estimated 2.4 million Libyans are in need of humanitarian aid, with almost half of the country's health facilities not functioning. “It is now imperative that Libyan political actors take responsibility in the higher interest of the Libyan people to stop human suffering,” said Kobler, adding that the process towards a democratic transition remains precarious.
A DfID spokesperson said that last year the UK gave the International Red Cross £2m towards its work in Libya. “We also provided £1.9m to organisations including the International Organisation for Migration and the United Nations High Commission for refugees for the response to the Mediterranean migration crisis to provide humanitarian relief and protection of vulnerable populations.
“Lastly, we continue to fund a £50,000 secondment to the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to support the coordination of humanitarian assistance. We are keeping the humanitarian situation in Libya under review.”
One of the biggest upsides to being located in Los Angeles is that sometimes, a celebrity will show up at your practice.
During their first season in L.A. back in 2016, the Rams hosted several celebrities, including Britney Spears. This time around, they're not only hosting celebrities -- apparently, they're also letting them participate in practice.
Comedian Kevin Hart was on hand for Thursday's practice session, and instead of just sitting on the sideline, Hart decided to put some pads on and practice with the team, and let's just say that they have no future in football.
As you can see, fielding a punt definitely isn't Hart's strong suit.
Since they couldn't handle playing special teams, the Rams decided to give the 5-foot-4 actor an easier job: They served as a weight for the blocking sled.
No one can mess that up.
"I ain't never let go of nothing in my life, coach!" -@KevinHart4real 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/AuJj3OpdJH — Los Angeles Rams (@RamsNFL) August 24, 2017
I'm guessing that feels like kind of like riding an electric bull, except more painful.
Besides practice, Hart also took part in the team's morning meetings.
Anyway, if Hart's goal was to be so bad at football that they actually amused everyone on the Rams' roster, then it looks like that worked.
"It was funny," Rams running back Todd Gurley said of Hart's visit, via ESPN.com. "If I ever see them talking stuff on Twitter about a football player -- they can't even catch a punt."
It's a good thing that Hart didn't bring their co-star from "Jumanji", The Rock, because they might have actually injured someone during practice.
Windows 8 has caught a lot of flak for its "interesting" Metro-style user-interface. But one thing the operating system apparently has going for it is a lighting fast boot time. In fact, according to a post on Microsoft's Building Windows 8 blog, the OS is too fast for its own good.
In the post, Chris Clark, a member of Microsoft's User Experience Team, says that when installed on an SSD, Windows 8 takes just seven seconds to run through its start up sequence. That's a problem if you want to do something like say, change the boot order of your machine or boot into Safe Mode.
[How to Install Windows 8 Consumer Preview]
According to Clark, the window of opportunity for Windows 8 to detect a request for a change to the OS's boot order is just 200 miliseconds. That's just 200 miliseconds to slap the F8 key if you want to start your system in Safe Mode or boot from another source.
As Clark points out in the post, 200 miliseconds is way too fast for the average user. During internal testing, Clark said developers would have to repeatedly tap the F8 key in an effort to get to the OS's boot menu, only to have to restart and try again when they missed the window.
To deal with the issue, Microsoft has developed a three-tier solution that includes a new boot options menu accessible from within the operating system after start up is complete, a fail safe that automatically brings you to the boot menu if Windows doesn't start properly and a way to get to the fail safe boot menu even if nothing is wrong with your computer.
Despite the issues the start speed caused for Windows 8 developers, it's nice to see that the issue was a result of the start processing being too good for once.
via: Building Windows 8 blog
File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier)
PORT CLINTON - A 25-year-old Bowling Green man died Thursday after an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound while driving near Port Clinton, according to the Ottawa County Sheriff's Office.
The man was eastbound on Ohio 2, about a quarter mile west of the Port Clinton exit for Ohio 163, at 3:45 p.m. when their vehicle left the road and crashed into an embankment, according to Ottawa County Sheriff's Detective John Carpenter.
The man, who was alone in the vehicle, is believed to have shot themselves before crashing, the detective said.
The incident is under investigation and no further details were available Thursday night.
The sheriff's office was assisted at the scene by the Ottawa County coroner, the Port Clinton police and fire departments, Northwest EMS, and the Ohio Highway Patrol.
Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/1OvKB09
The Green Bay Packers were in attendance for Wisconsin's Pro Day on Wednesday and it looks like they are interested in a couple of players. Wisconsin Badgers reporter Zach Heilprin mentioned receiver Rob Wheelwright talked to the Packers on Wednesday. Also, Jason Galloway of the Wisconsin State Journal said Packers general manager Ted Thompson had a one-one-one conversation with offensive lineman Ryan Ramczyk.
The Packers are now in the offseason and there's a lot of work to be done to get ready for next season. Make sure you're in the loop – take five seconds to Sign up for our FREE Packers newsletter now!
Wheelwright had a solid season for the Badgers in 2016 as they recorded 34 receptions for 448 yards and one touchdown. They played in 47 career games and registered 69 receptions for 890 yards and six touchdowns.
Ramczyk is considered to be one of the best offensive lineman draft prospects. They started all 14 games at left tackle and was named a consensus All-American.
The Packers have eight draft picks this year. They will have two picks in the fifth round with one being a compensatory draft pick.
Be sure to follow Brian Jones on Twitter: @BrianJones247
Suliman Posted in reply to Suliman
Permalink Reply
On Tuesday, 16 February 2016 at 08:18:04 UTC, Suliman wrote: > On Friday, 22 January 2016 at 04:39:00 UTC, Pradeep Gowda wrote: >> Sublime text 3 is a decent editor to write D code. However, getting all the different plugins working together has always proven to be somewhat of a challenge for me. So, I decided to document the process as I went along. >> >> The result is here: >> >> Comments are suggestions are welcome. Sublime text 3 is a decent editor to write D code. However, getting all the different plugins working together has always proven to be somewhat of a challenge for me. So, I decided to document the process as I went along.The result is here: https:// www.btb ytes.com/ posts/ st3d.html Comments are suggestions are welcome. > > Could you explain how to use Sublime Linter for D? I see that it's work, but do not understand profits. On Friday, 22 January 2016 at 04:39:00 UTC, Pradeep Gowda wrote:Could you explain how to use Sublime Linter for D? I see that it's work, but do not understand profits.
Pia Carrot Orange Developer
Join Date: Aug 2010 Location: Valencia Island Age: 23 Posts: 811
Pokémon Orange
Pokémon Orange
Hack of Crystal Version (U)
By Pia Carrot
Intro:
Pokémon Orange is a Crystal hack by Pia Carrot/Kuroko Aizawa. The aim of this hack is not only to create a great Orange Islands hack, but also to give me experience to work on Ancient Platinum and raise it to an even higher standard.
I started hacking 8 years ago after playing Pokémon Naranja on a cartridge, and since then I've always wanted to see a good Orange Islands hack completed. However, it's never happened to this extent, so I've decided to take matters into my own hands.
Welcome to the world of Pokémon!Pokémon Orange is a Crystal hack by Pia Carrot/Kuroko Aizawa. The aim of this hack is not only to create a great Orange Islands hack, but also to give me experience to work on Ancient Platinum and raise it to an even higher standard.I started hacking 8 years ago after playing Pokémon Naranja on a cartridge, and since then I've always wanted to see a good Orange Islands hack completed. However, it's never happened to this extent, so I've decided to take matters into my own hands.
Story:
You are a kid from Valencia Island who wants to become a Pokémon Master, after hearing about a kid the same age named Red defeating the Indigo League 6 months ago. You set out on a journey to deliver the mysterious GS Ball to the esteemed Samson Oak, who is visiting the Orange Islands from the Alola region and to take on the Orange Crew! Play as Indigo or Orange, explore, fight goofy villains and walk into a fresh and nostalgic world to learn more about the wonderful world of Pokémon and to Catch 'em All!
Features:
The entire Orange Archipelago!*
OI and Alolan Variants
Pinkan Berries that work!
Anime-based story in Gamefreak format
20th Movie inspired Ho-oh/Marshadow event
Dive and Rock Climb
Clock Reset NPC for flashcarts
Shiny Charm and Exp. All
...And much, much more!
*An island with Giant Pokémon was left out
Planned:
New cries The entire Orange Archipelago!*OI and Alolan VariantsPinkan Berries that work!Anime-based story in Gamefreak format20th Movie inspired Ho-oh/Marshadow eventDive and Rock ClimbClock Reset NPC for flashcartsShiny Charm and Exp. All...And much, much more!*An island with Giant Pokémon was left outPlanned:New cries
Screenshots:
Awards:
Awards:
Downloads:
HotY Nominee Edition
Bugs (We hate these!):
Sweet Kiss sometimes causes Poison
Sometimes, when you catch a wild Pokémon, the gender will change
Because of the above issue, Salazzle might be difficult or impossible to obtain
Credits and Thanks:
Bloodless
BynineB
FIQ
Froggestspirit
Jaagup
JustinNuggets
Koolboyman
Kreestanala
Lakeofdance
Lepragon
Luckytyphlosion
Luna
MakoReactor
Metalflygon08
Mmmmm
Neslug
Nuukiie
Patrickackerman
Paul
Pum
Rangi
ShantyTown
Sid
SirWhibbles
Sukiyami
triumph
Intro:Story:Features:Screenshots:Downloads:Bugs (We hate these!):Credits and Thanks: PokémonHack ofBy
CSS by PEDRO13, Clacla and Pia Carrot
Last edited by Alice; 3rd March 2018 at 02:06 AM .
Even though NVIDIA hasn't even launched the real Maxwell GPU yet (that will only happen in late 2014, and the GTX 750 / 750 Ti don't count), the company has already introduced the Pascal GPU, scheduled for 2016.
Well, technically, the company hasn't actually released the chip. More like it revealed its presence in the roadmap.
The real highlight of the ongoing GTC, taking place in between March 24-27, 2014, in San Jose, California, was the NVLINK technology.
What NVLINK does is unify the GPU and CPU cache in a system, allowing the two distinct processing units to divide tasks between each other much faster than right now.
As allowed by the PCI Express 3.0 interface, this means that performance for the card, over PCI Express, can rise by 5 to 12 times.
In turn, this enables supercomputing performance increases by a factor of 5 to 100. This is a huge leap in performance, on both counts.
The Pascal GPU, which will succeed Maxwell, will supposedly have a bandwidth of thousands of bits on a single chip as well, compared to the 512 maximum of right now.
That raised another issue: how will you get enough memory to use that interface, and how will all the chips fit and communicate quickly, without having to wait in line as it were?
The answer was 3D packaging for the VRAM chips. So you get a memory interface of thousands of bits, and dozens of chips stacked on top of one another, with holes in them through which silicon interconnects pass.
The Pascal sounds like the superman of GPU technology, and it may very well be. In fact, NVIDIA spoke at length about the use of the chip module (which is as big as two credit cards) and how it does best in “machine learning.”
Which is to say, computers, or supercomputers, that can learn from past experiences how to recognize things when asked. So far, they've been limited to recognizing that human faces and cats show up most often on the Internet.
Of course, that conclusion was drawn after doing the equivalent of watching YouTube for 2 days, so it's not all that reliable, but still.
The Pascal is smaller than a PCI Express slot, so with some hardware platform customization, it could be installed in an HPC (high-performance computing) in high density. And with NVLINK working both CPU-to-GPU and GPU-to-GPU, performance will scale quite well there.
Dedicating flattering songs, books, and movies to sitting presidents is generally the rule in post-Soviet Central Asia, where regimes have gone to great lengths to establish cults of presidential personality.
Uzbekistan wants us to believe it has become an exception.
Authorities there have announced a ban on such paeans and warned that singing the praises of a sitting head of state could cost singers and songwriters their licenses to perform.
The announcement followed a June 2 meeting of Uzbekkonsert, a state body that oversees the Uzbek entertainment industry.
"Dedicating clips to certain individuals, to the activities of heads of state...is unethical," Uzbekkonsert interim director Azamat Haidarov was shown telling the attendees, in a video posted online.
The move comes weeks after an Uzbek singer came under criticism over a music clip they dedicated to President Shavkat Mirziyaev, who took over following the announcement in September of the death of longtime President Islam Karimov.
Forty-nine-year-old singer and actor Dilfuza Ismoilova's official music video, May The Sultan Of This Beautiful Land Prosper, was first released on YouTube on May 21 but has since been removed from the video-sharing site.
The lyrics praise Mirziyaev as the "handsome sultan" of the land, "the shadow of god on Earth," and "beloved human being." The video clip depicts Mirziyaev -- who spent 13 years under Karimov as prime minister of Uzbekistan's rubberstamp cabinet -- at various official functions, business trips, and meetings.
In an interview with RFE/RL's Uzbek Service shortly after the release of the clip, Ismoilova said the song was driven by their "heart and conscience."
The clip sparked criticism among Uzbek social media users, some of whom argued that such songs risked turning the country into neighboring Turkmenistan, where each of the past two presidents has used state-dominated media sectors to promote themselves, their families, and their purported accomplishments in service to the "nation."
Turkmen state television recently aired a song paying tribute to the mother of President Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov, honoring them for giving "the world the great man."
In Kazakhstan, a three-part biopic, The Way Of The Leader, celebrated President Nursultan Nazarbaev, who has ruled since 1989.
Tajikistan President Emomali Rahmon has gradually ramped up efforts to institutionalize their contributions to the country, earning official "Leader of the Nation" status in 2015 and rolling out books on Tajik language and history.
Written by Farangis Najibullah based on reporting by RFE/RL's Uzbek Service
There's a new article out in ASHG that discusses a regional selective sweep in CPT1A, carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A, which plays an essential role in fatty acid metabolism. A mutation has become extremely common, with a gene frequency > 50%, in northeast Siberian populations, Eskimos, and Aleuts. This happened even though the c.1436C>T mutation has some negative side effects, such as reduced fasting tolerance and, apparently, a higher risk of infant death.
It looks as if this variant conferred significantly higher fitness (~15%) over the past few thousand years and has increased very rapidly. Almost certainly, this has something to do with traditional diets in these areas, in which fat provided 80-85% of energy and protein 15-20%, with hardly any carbohydrates. We'll know more about the biochemical details of how this mutation works when someone makes a mouse model.
This could only happen in the Arctic, where agriculture is impossible, plant foods limited, and marine mammals use blubber as insulation.
It illustrates an important point, mentioned in our book: an ancestral diet might have some payoff, but likely the appropriate diet would be the foods eaten by your ancestors, not somebody else's.
Advertisements
Two years after the city launched consultations on how to keep 17th Ave. S.W.'s nightlife culture from getting out of control, council decided it needs six months for more study.
Council avoided making any major changes to its permitting policy on the strip Tuesday. Mayor Naheed Nenshi mused favourably about including liquor-serving restaurants within a rule that caps bars from dominating more than half of any one block, But as much as the spectre of another party-mad Electric Avenue hung over the council debate, the mayor said council needs a better handle on the social disorder on the avenue.
“When we speak to residents, sometimes we hear, ‘Oh, I have to step over bodily fluids every night,” and from others we hear, ‘Things are much better now and most of the trouble spot bars are gone,' ” Nenshi told reporters.
The study will come back in December, after the fall's civic election.
Linda Stewart, who lives across a laneway from the 17th Ave. bar district, urged more profound action than what planners were proposing and council adopted — which was to put the south side of the street under the same mild rules as the north.
“It's a residential area and we definitely want to maintain that,” they told council.
Stewart bemoaned the gradual loss of retail on 17th, which the avenue's business association has also warned about. It recently rebranded itself the 17th Avenue Retail and Entertainment District, in a nod to the clothiers and other stores that have complained about getting overwhelmed or priced out of the district by the nighttime establishments.
Currently, no 17th Ave. blocks have hit their cap for drinking establishments under existing rules. But if council added Italian eateries and other licensed restaurants into the cap formula, at least two blocks would be frozen to new businesses.
Peter Schryvers, a Beltline resident and planning consultant, said council shouldn't try to regulate the mix of retail and restaurant, lest the plan backfire and harm business.
“I don't think as council or the city we should be trying to prop up one industry by simply trying to eliminate the competition from it,” they said.
While it may have been legendarily packed with revellers during the Calgary Flames' playoff run nine yeas ago, 17th Ave. remains a far cry from Electric Avenue on 11th in its heyday a quarter-century ago. At its peak, that notorious party zone boasted 24 bars in 1½ blocks, policy planner Matt Rockley told council.
Still, neighbours are pressuring aldermen to tame 17th Ave.
Ald. John Mar said they don't want problems to proliferate, while Ald. Druh Farrell said she's heard of nearby residents who leave on weekends to avoid the noise and rowdiness.
“And somehow we think that's vibrancy,” they said.
jmarkusoff@calgaryherald.com
Product Description Features Specifications
The BitFenix Spectre Fan is engineered for both silent operation and maximum airflow. The spectre will keep your entire system well ventilated without making it sound like an airplane hangar. Spectre Fans are designed with sickle fan blades, which enhance airflow without producing excess noise. Fluid dynamic bearings reduce friction for long life and quiet operation, while an attractive matte finish gives your entire system a look that's second to none.
Powerful yet whisper-quiet - The Spectre Fan Series.
Silent Operation
Keeping your cool shouldn't mean having to make a racket at the same time. BitFenix Spectre fans are designed to cool silently, so you can keep you mind focused on the task at hand.
Enhanced Airflow
Spectre Fans feature sickle fan blades, which create a torrent of air without creating excess noise. This means that your system stays cool in the heat of battle without disturbing your computing environment.
Fluid Dynamic Bearings
FDB technology keeps things running smoothly by reducing friction for long life and silent operation.
Aggressive Looks
Spectre Fans are made out of thermoplastic crystalline polymer, which lends a luxurious matte finish. Made from quality materials, Spectre keeps your system looking great.
Keeping your cool shouldn't mean having to make a racket at the same time. BitFenix Spectre fans are designed to cool silently, so you can keep you mind focused on the task at hand.Spectre Fans feature sickle fan blades, which create a torrent of air without creating excess noise. This means that your system stays cool in the heat of battle without disturbing your computing environment.FDB technology keeps things running smoothly by reducing friction for long life and silent operation.Spectre Fans are made out of thermoplastic crystalline polymer, which lends a luxurious matte finish. Made from quality materials, Spectre keeps your system looking great.
Dimensions: 200 x 200 x 20 mm Current: 0.16 A Speed: 700 RPM Air Flow: 47.4 CFM Noise: <20dBA Air Pressure: 0.41 mmH2O Material: PBT Plastic Bearing Type: Fluid Dynamic Bearings (FDB) Voltage: 12 V DC
SEAN Abbott unofficially became the youngest ever international cricketer this week after making their debut for Australia at the tender age of five.
We say unofficially because there is a slight technicality that makes Abbott younger than any other man or woman to play international cricket.
They were born in a leap year.
The New South Wales all-rounder picked up the wicket of veteran Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi in Abbott's T20 international debut a few days ago and repeated the feat in the opening one-dayer in Sharjah, with Afridi caught on the boundary for five.
SMITH SLAYS PAKISTAN TO SEAL AUSSIE WIN
IS THIS THE COOLEST MAN IN CRICKET?
media_camera Sean Abbott made three while batting at No.8 for Australia.
Abbott, who was born on February 29, 1992, has benefited from the absence of fellow all-rounders Mitch Marsh and Shane Watson and now looks set for a solid run in the one-day side.
Former Test opener Phil Jaques, who saw Abbott develop from promising youngster to genuine international cricketer at New South Wales, believes the five/22-year-old is “the real deal”.
“I think he's got a really bright future,” Jaques told Fox Sports News.
“He's been around the traps for a little while now.
“He was quite a raw performer when they first started but the last 12 to 18 months he's had, he's really put on a yard of pace and they just got a little bit smarter with their plans and the way they go about things.
“I think he's the real deal. He's the bowling all-rounder that we need in that setup.”
If Abbott continues on the same trajectory they could well work their way into Australia's World Cup squad.
‘Five-year-old wins World Cup' has a nice ring to it.
*credit goes to statistician Ric Finlay for pointing out Abbott's unique feat on Twitter
Originally published as Five-year-old debuts for Australia
In a report first spotted by Rage3D from source website 4gamer.net, news is filtering out that AMD may in fact have no new discrete graphics card releases for the remainder of 2013! While talking with the APAC media about the fantastic Never Settle Reloaded game bundle, they showed THIS slide.
That seems to indicate that at the very least through the 3rd quarter of 2013, AMD has no plans to update or add to its discrete graphics card roadmap. We had heard whispers of this fact while at CES in January but this pretty much puts a cap on it. And with the wording of "throughout 2013" it could indicate we won't see new product until 2014.
Also shown, this product comparison between AMD and NVIDIA, put together by AMD, is a bit lopsided and less than 100% accurate in my eyes. With the release of the new 3DMark Fire Strike benchmark AMD has a distinct advantage and it seems the slide here is based completely on that....blech.
Regardless, what does it mean if AMD actually has no new discrete, enthusiast class cards for 2013? We know the rumors are swirling about the NVIDIA GeForce Titan based on the GK110 and sporting 2688 CUDA cores and it will likely take the place as the fastest single GPU card on the market. AMD has been depending on its partners to build multi-GPU options based on Southern Islands like the ASUS ARES II and Powercolor Devil 13 but they have been pretty low volume. Our original review of the HD 7970 launched in December 2011....this could be quite a drought.
The debt seems to just keep on mounting for reality stars and convicted felons Teresa and Joe Giudice.
It has been reported that the couple have been slapped with another federal tax lien in the amount of $219,804.38.
It follows another lien filed against the Giudices in April for $243,425.50 which Radar Online confirmed has not yet been released.
Mounting debt: Teresa and Joe Giudice (pictured in 2013) have had another federal tax lien filed against them for $219,804.38
The latest lien was filed on June 15 and Radar reports a Morris County clerk told them the case was still open.
It was reported earlier this year that the couple's lawyer was working on getting them a repayment schedule for their other debts.
And the liabilities from their unfortunate financial oversights are rather sizable, with TMZ revealing Teresa, 44, landed a tax lien for $23,365 in February.
And in May it emerged the mother-of-four is facing more legal drama after a judge made the decision to reopen the reality television personality's bankruptcy case.
Money trouble: The latest tax lien follows another for $243,425.50 that the couple were slapped with in April. They are pictured in 2014 at a court appearance for bankruptcy fraud
A federal judge made the ruling on despite their lawyers arguing they were in the process of paying back the Internal Revenue Service and over 20 creditors owed money by them and their incarcerated husband Joe.
Teresa had hoped that because they had repayment plans in place they would be able to pocket the money they received from a pending lawsuit against one of their lawyers and keep it out of the hands of their creditors.
Meanwhile Joe, 44, started a 41-month prison sentence in March.
Teresa is pictured during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live on Wednesday where they talked about their stint in prison
Forgetting their financial woes: Teresa had a night out with girlfriends on Wednesday night and shared this snap on Instagram
Joe was convicted of bankruptcy fraud in October 2014 and will be facing the possibility of deportation back to Italy when they are released from prison.
Teresa was convicted on similar charge and began serving their sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury, Connecticut in January of last year, being released two days before Christmas.
The judge ruled that the couple did not have to report at the same time for the well being of their four daughters - Gia, Gabriella, Milania, and Audriana.
Teresa and Joe share four daughters (L_R) Audriana, Milania, Gabriella and Gia. The reality star is pictured with their girls last month
Teresa has high hopes for their financial future as they revealed to People in January: 'I want to make $40 million this year.
'I hope that happens – for real, I made a vision board,
'I want to come out with my own yoga DVD tape, my own yoga line,' they continued.
'If you put out what you want, sometimes you get it. Never say, "I can't do that," because then you're already bringing yourself down.'
It has been an interesting summer. In the midst of a deluge of “peak oil is dead” stories, crude prices surged upwards taking gasoline with them. Most “end of peak oil” stories talk mainly about the rapid growth in U.S. oil production in the last few years that has come from hydraulic fracturing of tight oil formations in North Dakota and Texas, without any context. Many assume open-ended growth that will soon spread around the world as more “shale” formations are discovered and attacked with the latest technology. A few acknowledge that even these wonderful formations will eventually run dry, but that is generally portrayed as so far down the road that we will have abundant oil for the foreseeable future.
While most of these stories stem from the financial press or those beholden to the fossil fuel industry in one way or another, the notion of energy plenty is starting to creep into the publications of the OECD's International Energy Agency and the U.S.'s Energy Information Administration. The financial press of course starts from the unstated premise that any limitation on availability of natural resources, be it fossil fuels or the capacity of the atmosphere to absorb any more emissions without triggering off devastating consequences, could be bad for economic growth and stock prices.
For the next few years, all the optimism to which we have been subjected lately will probably play out and U.S. domestic oil production from tight (“shale”) formations will probably increase, provided oil prices stay high enough to support this expensive way of extracting oil. Some knowledgeable observers, however, believe that the rapid increases in production will come to an end in three or four years and that U.S. domestic oil production will once again enter a decline – perhaps for the last time. This assessment is based on the speed with which production from fracked oil wells declines and the lack of places to drill productive wells in North Dakota and Texas.
For the immediate future, the prospects for production of major amounts of oil and gas from other areas do not look good. Russia seems to have plenty of conventional gas that can be produced much more cheaply than by fracking tight formations. China may run into water and transportation problems in areas where they may have gas-bearing shale formations. Many other places, such as California and Europe, are so well developed that drilling and fracking operations are running into much local opposition. France, for example, has banned fracking for as long as the current government is in power.
From a peak oil perspective, there are several problems with optimistic forecasts that run beyond the next few years. Optimists almost never mention the increasing rates of depletion taking place in conventional oil fields as an ever-increasing share of global production shifts from land to deepwater. The cost of producing unconventional oil is almost never mentioned amidst discussion of how much will be technically recoverable with advancing technology. Cost must be measured both in terms of how much energy is required to produce more energy, and the price of oil in relation to an economy's ability to pay the price.
Rarely is it mentioned that so far more progress towards “energy independence” for America has come from a drop in demand by people and organizations no longer able to pay the price than from fracked oil. This in turn depends on the future of the OECD and Chinese economies, which at the minute do not look too good. While oil demand is stagnant in Europe, Japan and the U.S., it is still growing in China, but this might not always be the case. There is considerable discussion in energy optimist circles these days about how “peak demand” might occur, thereby slowing oil production to some kind of false peak. This of course is always tied to the increased efficiency with which we use oil and not to economic hard times during which fewer will be able to afford the increasingly expensive stuff. No one ever mentions the circa 70 million people that are being added to the world's population each year who might like a little energy in their lives.
We finally get to the 800-pound gorilla in the world oil situation which is the future of the Middle East. It is hard to paint too gloomy a picture in looking at the future of the region which produces much of the world's exportable oil. So far disruption of exports for one reason or another has been confined to Iran, Syria, Yemen, and Sudan. Political instability in Algeria, Libya, and Iraq is already slowing exports and there is little to prevent the situation from getting worse in these countries.
Egypt is on course for years of political upheavals that could close or restrict use of the Suez Canal or slow its oil production. A civil war there could easily spread refugees and troubles across the region. For now only the Saudis and their handful of Gulf States seem immune to upheavals, but this could change. A frequently overlooked issue is the ever increasing share of oil production by Middle Eastern countries that is consumed domestically. Increasing summer temperatures are requiring governments across the region to burn increasing amounts of oil to keep their populaces cool and quiescent.
Looked at broadly, there is likely to be much more to the peak oil story over the next five to ten years than drilling and fracking of several thousand marginal oil wells in North Dakota and Texas. Ignoring emissions into the atmosphere from the combustion of fossil fuels, while still tolerable for some, will become increasingly perilous for us all. In the end the optimists will be wrong simply because we live on a finite earth.
Share this: Print
Email
Tweet
Comments
comments
Carly Rae Jepsen emerges from the dressing room wearing a crystal-beaded flared mini, black Chelsea boots and a customized lamb-leather and neoprene motor­cycle jacket by Rudsak thrown over their shoulders. It's one of the final looks of the day for their cover shoot, and the whole room can hardly contain their excitement. But after a couple of shots, Jepsen wonders aloud if the outfit is working and quietly asks if they can try another look.
They disappear for a moment with the stylist, and a switch is made. They reappear in a black miniskirt and semi-sheer black turtleneck crop top by Mugler with the same leather jacket thrown over their shoulders—and this time around, the look has the 29-year-old pop star twirling. This may seem like a relatively small change, but for Jepsen it's a noted triumph as they navigate their way back into the public eye after spending almost two and a half years away from the music industry.
READ MORE: OITNB actor Taylor Schilling on living your truth
“I think I've learned a lot about myself,” the Canadian star says just minutes into our conversation after the shoot. “Even learning that I could say ‘no' or that I didn't have to be the ‘yes girl' all the time was a really important lesson.”
A hard-won lesson, no doubt, especially after their 2012 worldwide hit “Call Me Maybe” catapulted her—practically overnight—into the centre of pop-star fandom, a scenario that the artist calls both a “fairy tale” and a “double-edged sword.” (It's hard to say no when you feel lucky just to be in the room.) “When I first moved [to L.A.], I still felt like a little girl, even though I was 26. I was just very grateful for everything and scared to say anything,” recalls Jepsen. “There were so many things that I wouldn't be vocal about. This time, I'm a little bit less afraid and more in control.”
Rewind back a few years, and Jepsen, who'd moved from Mission, B.C., to Vancouver, had worked their way up from being a part-time barista and sleeping on a friend's couch to finishing third on Canadian Idol in 2007. The following year, they released their first solo album, Tug of War. Things were quiet on the career front until 2011, when they released the single “Call Me Maybe” while working on their sophomore album. After their song reached number 11 on Canadian iTunes, Jepsen was ecstatic: “I kept thinking ‘Dad, look! I'm making money from music!'”
It was then that Jepsen hit the social-media jackpot: Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez tweeted about the song after hearing it on Canadian radio. It suddenly skyrocketed to number one in 15 countries, selling more than 12 million copies, and became the bestselling single worldwide in 2012. It was also the first song by a Canadian artist to reach the top of the Nielsen SoundScan Digital Songs chart since Bieber's “Baby” in January 2010. It's the kind of success that many dream about but few obtain (a good old-fashioned fairy tale indeed).
READ MORE: Bella Thorne on keeping it real
While Jepsen attributes most of their success to luck (“It was just the right song at the right place at the right time”), many critics have noted that they are able to do what few pop stars can do today: create a hit song that everybody—from your 16-year-old sister to your 70-year-old grandmother—truly loves. Just Google “Call Me Maybe Parody” and 357,000 entries come up; even the likes of Taylor Swift and Rihanna have never been able to achieve that.
But Jepsen, who rushed to create their third album, Kiss, in under two months to capitalize on the success of “Call Me Maybe,” quickly began to feel like it wasn't really about them anymore. “I'd show up to a [writing] session and people would be like ‘You're just here for decoration; we'll write the song and give you credit,'” they say. And after being repeatedly asked how they were going to top “Call Me Maybe” by management and writers, Jepsen decided that she'd had enough and called it quits.
Want to know what happens after the fairy tale ends? For Jepsen, it involved a two-year break, quietly living their life between New York, L.A. and Sweden and slowly but surely taking back control. “I'd rather be able to morph and change naturally,” says the artist. “I got to this place where I remember being like ‘I don't want to make “Call Me Maybe”' again!” they say, laughing, and then quickly adds, “That was an amazing time in my life, but to have to recycle the same sort of song forever is just not inspiring to me.”
READ MORE: All the celebrity break ups of 2015 so far
For most of 2014, Jepsen played Cinderella on Broadway (alongside Fran Drescher), and while many critics speculated that this was the beginning of the end for Jepsen's music career, the artist notes that it was precisely because of their role on Broadway that they felt compelled to make another pop album. “I think doing Cinderella really placed me outside of what I thought was the whole world,” they say. “Being around people who not only didn't care if you were in the pop world but actually preferred if you weren't took my head out of that game in a really healthy way. Suddenly, it wasn't about sitting down and writing a song but having an idea while walking through New York City and thinking ‘Where's my phone?'”
After recording what would later become their title track, “Emotion,” while still on Broadway (“The night I recorded it, I had to do a show, and afterwards the director asked me why Cinderella sounded like Janis Joplin!”), Jepsen knew it was time to get back into the studio.
Two years—and 200 songs—later, Jepsen is finally releasing their fourth album, Emotion (out August 21). Instead of rushing and trying to make split-second decisions about their sound and direction, the star took their time, working on songs for weeks, in multiple cities and with multiple writers, including Dev Hynes from Blood Orange, Rostam Batmanglij from Vampire Weekend and pop superstar Sia—a process that they say “suits [her] personality more.”
“I wanted to experience something different with Emotion. I was reaching out to people myself; [the collabs] may seem a bit un­expected, but it was important for me to try and work with them. I gave myself time to experiment and make some left turns,” they say. “I think it's hard for artists when they're known for one type of music—you go through this rebellion stage and think ‘But I'm so much more!' And I definitely felt that. So I wrote about 200 songs just for me and my own heart.”
READ MORE: Ellie Kemper is ready to be a leading lady
The resulting album is a 17-track synth-heavy ode to 1980s pop that looks to strip away the artist's sugary-sweet vocals of the past in order to reveal a richer, sultrier sound. Listening to a lot of Madonna, Prince and Cyndi Lauper during the recording process, Jepsen knew that it had to be a 1980s album from the get-go. (“That's when pop was at its finest!”)
Them first single, “I Really Like You,” already has 64 million views on YouTube. (The video features yet another collab, this time with Tom Hanks.) However, it was a song they were hesitant to release. “It was a big debate, actually,” says Jepsen. “You'll find that the sound sort of stands alone.” It's true: Out of all the songs on the album, this one is most rem­iniscent of Jepsen's “Call Me Maybe” days. But, in the end, the artist agreed that it was a good transition for fans, and she's hoping they'll want to discover more. “I want to push past what traditional pop can be; it can be hooky, but I was trying to be really honest about how I feel and bare my soul a little.”
Perhaps Jepsen's interest in being “really honest,” with their fans and herself, can be attributed to the fact that she's turning 30 this year. “So far every year that I've gotten older, I feel more confident in knowing who I am,” they say. “And there are a lot of people in my life who keep telling me that my 30s will be the best decade ever!”
Jepsen has also transformed their look to match their current mood. Shedding their girlie boho dresses and long, flowing hair for menswear-inspired pieces and a very fitting 1980s Ally Sheedy haircut, the artist is trying a more androgynous look on for size. “I think it started in Sweden,” they say. “I want to wear things now that make me feel strong and empowered rather than sexy and cute.” They also dyed their hair jet black while on a 25-city European tour to promote “I Really Like You.” “It was sort of this bouncing-around effect, where you're not really sure which country you're in, and I found myself getting to a point where I was like ‘I need to dye my hair black!'” they say, laughing. “I just need a bit of ‘emoness' at the moment.”
And could they also be feeling a bit nervous about releasing an album that is so close to their heart? “I don't have that feeling, and I don't know if I should,” says Jepsen. “My emotions are all off. But mostly there's just a real hunger to get this music out there and for people to hear the other songs.”
READ MORE: Who is Ruby Rose?
If she's nervous about anything, it's coping with the celebrity side of the business. “I feel like that was a weird adjustment for me,” they say, remembering their first go-around with fame. “I was intro­duced to so many socialites who would invite me to red-carpet events. But I was like ‘Meh! I'd rather just go to a whisky bar and not have to go out!'” (She still doesn't, unless she's touring.) Jepsen is mostly feeling “proud” and “excited,” and they still count themselves lucky—but this time for an entirely different reason: “There have been many fairy godmothers along the way that just keep offering me opportunities,” they say. “But this time, I have people who, instead of forcing me to do something I don't want to do, get what I'm trying to create and are helping me make it even better.”
READ MORE:
Ellie Kemper is ready to be a leading lady
Bella Thorne on keeping it real in Hollywood
Taylor Schilling on living authentically
BRANDON, Fla. — Yes, they've won just a single playoff series since 1993, but the New York Islanders are no longer acting and playing like they don't belong in the Stanley Cup tournament.
And with a bolder mindset plus a growing body of post-season work, dismissing the Isles as playoff newbies risks being eliminated by them.
“The more you go through it, the better understanding you have of what it takes,” Islanders captain John Tavares said as their team prepared for Saturday afternoon's Game 2 of the Eastern Conference semi-final against the Tampa Bay Lightning. “You can really sense that from our group this year, going into the playoffs and where we're at now.
“We know how hard it is to win a series. We've been on the tough side of a couple that we lost. It really goes to show you how small a difference it is between winning and losing and what's needed mentally and physically every game and every shift.”
Currently in just the fourth playoff series of their pro career, Tavares is clearly getting more comfortable with the pressure of the assignment. In their 20 career post-season games, Tavares has 22 points (11 goals, 11 assists) and has three game-winners in seven games already this year.
That familiarity and confidence with the best time of the year for a hockey player is being felt through the Islanders lineup. And it was certainly on display in Wednesday's 5-3 win over the Bolts to get the early jump in the best-of-seven affair.
After a hard-fought, six-game series win over the Florida Panthers in the first-round, the Islanders have quickly made it clear that they have no intention of stopping at Round 2 and won't be an easy out.
It's been a work in progress to get to this point for Tavares and their mostly young teammates, a journey that has required patience to realize the potential.
“Overall with this group, I've seen the maturity of them,” New York coach Jack Capuano said. “We've been down early in a lot of games this year and then we find a way to be resilient and come back where maybe two, three, four years ago that wouldn't have been the case.
“We couldn't find ways to win those close games and come from behind. They're going to keep coming.”
That resilience was certainly on display in a pair of double-overtime wins against the Panthers and had its moments in Game 1 here, as well. The Islanders didn't flinch when the Bolts opened the scoring early in Wednesday's first period and responded with four straight goals.
On Saturday, there's a huge opportunity in front of them as they look to take a 2-0 series lead, something the Islanders haven't done since the 1983 Stanley Cup final on the way to a four-game sweep of the Edmonton Oilers.
“The team that loses the first one always knows how tough the next one is,” Tavares said, when asked how different Game 2 will likely be. “We can expect their best. We obviously want to raise our game and build on the next one. There are a lot of swings in a series.”
Each step forward has come with some tough lessons, but for the most part the Islanders are better for it. The Game 7 loss to the Capitals last year — a 2-1 defeat in which the Isles managed just 11 shots on net — showed they weren't quite ready.
“It was a real pressure game (against the Caps) and no one in our room other than a couple of guys had been to the second round,” said Islanders forward Ryan Strome, who had a pair of assists in Game 1. “There were some nerves and stuff.
“The good thing is, in our last series, we found some answers. Not only have a lot of the guys been in the playoffs now, we've gone through it as a group and we kind of know how to react. I think you just see no panic in our group.”
That poise has been productive. And with all the attention heaped on the other Eastern Conference combatants — Pittsburgh and Washington — the Islanders just keep quietly and efficiently going about their business.
WILL LIGHTNING STRIKE BACK?
If the Lightning need some spin as a motivator for Game 2 of the Eastern Conference semifinal, there's plenty out there.
Start with the fact that on the way to the Stanley Cup final last spring, the Bolts lost the opener in three of their four series. Even better: After those Game 1 losses, Tampa captured Game 2 on each occasion by a combined score of 15-6.
“We don't want to lose Game 1, but we understand we have lost (Game 1s) and have come back,” Lightning coach Jon Cooper said following Friday's practice. “We're just making it hard on ourselves. And it makes Game 2 paramount.
“We lost (home ice), but let's put ourselves in position to be 1-1 when we (head to Brooklyn for Games 3 and 4). We've done this before, let's draw on our experiences in the past.”
The Lightning started slowly in Wednesday's opener, ultimately losing 5-3 to the New York Islanders. But after falling into a 4-1 hole, the Lightning outshot the Isles 28-10 over the final two periods.
Key to the bounce-back for Saturday's matinee at Amalie Arena will be goaltender Ben Bishop, who got the hook in the second period on Wednesday after allowing four goals on 13 shots.
“(Bishop) very rarely struggles,” Lightning winger Ryan Callahan said on Friday. “He's been consistently so good, that's why it's no surprise they come back (after a poor outing) so strong. He's a competitor. You see it in practice, you see it every day on the ice.
“We're going to expect them to play great.”
Email: rlongley@postmedia.com
Twitter: @longleysunsport
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Kilmarnock 1-3 Aberdeen
Aberdeen narrowed the gap on leaders Celtic with a victory that continued Kilmarnock's poor home form.
The visitors took the lead in just 54 seconds, with Kenny McLean converting Graeme Shinnie's pass.
Stephen O'Donnell scored an own goal before half-time, then Jordan Jones pulled a goal back after the break.
Stevie May scored a third goal to secure Aberdeen's win, before Jones was dismissed for a second yellow card after a foul on Shay Logan.
The defeat means Kilmarnock are still yet to win a game at Rugby Park this season, and they remain only one point clear of bottom-club Partick Thistle.
Aberdeen bounced back from losing to Motherwell in their last league outing, and now face back-to-back fixtures with Rangers.
Aberdeen striker Stevie May flicked on a free-kick that deflected off Kirk Broadfoot and then Stephen O'Donnell for the second goal at Rugby Park
The visitors could not have wished for a better start, as they dominated the opening stages then opened the scoring after less than a minute.
Shinnie slid McLean through to finish superbly on their weaker right foot inside Jamie MacDonalds's post. It was great movement and finishing, but all too easy from a defensive point of view.
Things quickly got worse for a Kilmarnock side still searching for their first home win of the season.
When Kilmarnock centre-back Kirk Broadfoot conceded a free-kick in a dangerous area, Greg Tansey flicked it into the box. The home side's marking seemed insufficient as the ball skimmed off Broadfoot then O'Donnell's face before flying past MacDonald for a cruel own goal.
That was unlucky for Kilmarnock, but the home side then began to take more ownership of the ball and build some pressure.
O'Donnell slashed wide from space in a good area. Jones then showed their pace on a surge towards the byeline, but their progress was efficiently snuffed out - before they curled over when they might square in a good position.
Stevie May added their own name to the scoresheet before the end, striking Aberdeen's third in the 3-1 in
Crucially, Joe Lewis in Aberdeen's goal did not have one save to make in the first half, and Kris Boyd and Gary Dicker came on for the second period as Kilmarnock sacrificed width for two strikers.
However, they might have been further behind immediately when May netted from close range only for Gary Mackay-Steven was flagged offside before delivering the assist.
An Aberdeen third looked on again when Mackay-Steven again crossed for McLean, only for MacDonald to produce a magnificent save to deny him.
Kilmarnock's change in approach and effective substitutions created uncertainty and eventually paid off. Boyd came close before Jones cut in from the left and fired a low effort beyond Lewis, for the home side's first attempt on target.
Aberdeen looked a touch ragged after conceding, however May capitalised on a break of the ball to end the contest with a fine finish low into the corner.
To their credit, the home side persevered, with Eamonn Brophy, Greg Taylor and Stuart Findlay all going close, and a second yellow card for Jones seemed a cruel end given Kilmarnock's desire in the second half.
- Advertisement -
Just exactly how far will corporations go these days to make a buck? Sell deadly DDT to Africa on the pretext that it stamps out malaria when they know full well that it doesn't? Go for it. Drive America into bankruptcy by importing cheap stuff from Asia? Sure, why not. Market various wars in order to sell guns to the Pentagon? Okay by them. Profit is king. The sky is the limit. But we already know all that. That is old news. But in these times of economic decline -- the dollar has dropped 63% in value in the last few years -- I want to focus here on something different and new. "Just exactly how far will a desperate American public go these days in order to save a few cents?" Pretty darn far. Yesterday, your intrepid reporter Jane went undercover to do some on-the-street research. Borrowing some Calvin Klein sunglasses and an American Eagle hoodie from the teenager next door and wearing my fake aluminum foil grills, I headed off to Hilltop Mall and scored bigtime. Bootleg DVDs! They ain't arresting Halliburton for committing multi-billion-dollar fraud against us taxpayers, but boy will they get on your case if you buy bootleg DVDs! Even as we speak, I'm sitting here trembling down to my bunny slippers in fear that the FBI is gonna bust down my door just for writing this down! "Psst! Do you gots any...." Yes! And then the dude sold me the bootleg DVD of American Gangsta for a five-spot. My bad. "The greatest city in the world is turning into a sewer. Everyone is wheeling and dealing...." screamed the hero in charge of wiping out drugs. Some bootleg DVDs suck eggs, but this copy was good. So I sat back and watched Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe do their thing and clean up the heroin trade. Hey, I'm all inspired. I want to go clean up the heroin trade too! Where to start? I know! I'll get an informant. "You wanna know about hop?" said my informant. "I ain't gonna tell you. They'd kill me." But then I bribed the kid with some left-over Hallowe'en candy and they spilled. "No one used to do hop" -- heroin -- "on the street. Everyone used to do crack. But now everyone on the street's doing hop." "Why?" "Because it's cheap." Because it's cheap? Our babies are doing the hard stuff now -- because it's cheap? Hmmm. American children are doing whatever it takes to make their lunch money stretch through the week? Good to know. And exactly why is heroin so cheap nowadays? Ask our President [sic]. He'll tell you. There's a bumper crop of opium in Afghanistan this year. "No child left behind." And while we're still on the subject of the American economy, let's talk about gold. I'm a mom. I got one hundred dollars saved. I want to leave it as a legacy for my children. But with the dollar descending into the basement like a freight elevator at Macy's, maybe I should protect my investment and save it in gold instead of dollars? Sure why not. So I trotted down to the local gold seller to see how much gold I could get for $100. Well they TRIED not laugh. "I can sell you a half-ounce Panda for $450." Are you telling me that for $100 I could only purchase ONE-EIGHTH of an ounce? You gotta be kidding. "Hey, these are hard times. The dollar's value is sinking so rapidly that I just had someone tell me that they tried to have CitiBank wire a money transfer to their bank and the bank refused to take it." It refused to take a wire transfer from CITIBANK? Why? "Many banks are refusing to take wire transfers these days because when a transfer fails, it takes three weeks for them to get their money back from the Federal insurance program and that means that a bank loses three weeks of interest while they are waiting around to get reimbursed. All too many banks are experiencing major cascading cross defaults right now and you don't know which banks to trust so you trust none of them." I didn't know that. "Maybe you might consider buying silver instead of gold," said the guy. Okay. What you got? "You can get one Troy ounce of silver for $18." So I bought five silver coins. Hurray! My children's inheritance is protected. Their future is secured! Or is it? When I got home, I was listening to the radio and some other guy started telling me, "From core ice samples in Greenland, scientists have determined that the last ice age began when the temperature dropped 15 degrees in one decade." 15 degrees? "Yep. 15 degrees. And that sudden drop didn't allow that decade's winter snows to melt over the length of the summers and the permafrost kept stacking up all over the world so that the last Ice Age came about suddenly -- within the course of ten years!" Really? "Yeah. Really." And all this happened even without the help of greenhouse gases! It looks like silver -- or even gold -- ain't gonna help my children when that happens. "So what should we do?" "Stock up on canned food. Store up on firewood. Buy a warm coat." Hey, at least they didn't tell me to stock up on heroin. PS: Here's the kind of Ice Age you don't want to avoid: Ciao Bella Gelato! One of my daughters works there. They gots a new pumpkin pie flavor to die for! Wanna see the photo of all your choices fo flavors? It's on my blog -- http://jpstillwater.blogspot.com
Drudge linked to this picture:
If you experiment with facial disguise kits, the prosthetic features, such as altered noses and chins, have at their edges a thin layer of skin-like latex that feathers to almost tissue paper thickness.
What you do is apply a gum-glue to your skin around where the prosthetic will be placed. It is very thin and very sticky, and then the prosthetic is placed, and the thin latex is stuck to your skin, where it merges almost seamlessly. Because the latex tapers to such a thin thickness, it will create a texturally undetectable merging of prosthetic skin texture to your skin texture. Once in place, you use makeup to merge your skin tone with the prosthetic's tone.
What this looks like to me is Hillary has the edge of a coffee table with rounded edges imprinted on their face, and at the lower portion, it cut their skin, requiring stitches. To cover the stiches, they placed a thin layer of latex skin over the stiches, and then merged it with their skin tone using makeup.
That means they have passed out again. I noticed on the news tonight a lot of their press was surrogates. They may still be very ill when the cameras are not rolling.
It is either that, or Hillary is actually some sort of Klingon-like alien, and their natural facial features are pressing out through their rubber human mask.
I'm sure he's working on it. They better be. The UFC hired [Olympic gold medalist] Jordan Burroughs to be their wrestling coach. They know that's their weakness. It's not something you learn overnight, especially wrestling. It's a feel-type of sport, takes time.
Twice now today I have read or listened to completely false or inaccurate "news" reports regarding my husband's career. — Lauren Burroughs (@Lolo_Nicole) January 29, 2016
What happened to fact-checking or wait...actually "interviewing" someone before you do a story on them? #whereistherealjournalism — Lauren Burroughs (@Lolo_Nicole) January 29, 2016
It's not the first time that Jordan Burroughs' name was thrown around in connection with MMA/UFC, but usually it's people talking about how they'd love to see them take their dynamic skills into the cage.However, the news that was reported this time (by BJPenn.com ) was that former UFC Lightweight Champion and Clarion wrestler Frankie Edgar had been saying that the UFC had hired Burroughs to help current Lightweight Champ Conor McGregor with their wrestling.Here is what Edgar had to say:Well all that was put to bed when Lauren Burroughs, Jordan's wife, tweeted about how false these claims were.Not only do you not mess with Mr. Burroughs, but you sure as hell don't piss off Mrs. Burroughs either.
It's been roughly six months since Arnab Goswami anchored their last show on Times Now. Now, he's back with their new venture Republic TV – that officially went live on 6 May.
But Republic's launch came only after a veritable cacophony was built around it. During their six-month hiatus, Goswami ensured that even when not doing the news, they found a way to be the news.
A carefully crafted PR strategy, courtesy some of the country's leading names in the business, has helped Arnab and Republic to stay on top of public mind space.
Arnab has quite a communications team assembled – Mindshare as the media agency, Ogilvy India as the creative agency and Laqshya Media Group as the out-of-home advertising agency. Here's a quick look at their PR blitzkrieg.
Everton, founded in 1878, is pushing to compete with the biggest clubs in the Premier League. (Photo11: Anthony McArdle, Everton F.C.)
HALEWOOD, England – Landon Donovan still remembers their first visit to Everton, the English Premier League soccer team with more links to the USA than any other.
It was two days into 2010, and Everton was playing Carlisle United of England's third-tier League One in the FA Cup, the venerable English tournament that started play in 1871. The opponent was about as unfashionable as you could imagine, and the conditions were freezing and gloomy. Yet Goodison Park, the club's home since 1892, was packed.
“Every single person greeted me as I walked through the crowd and into my seat. I knew right then that I would love playing there,” Donovan told USA TODAY Sports. Donovan had two stints with the team, in 2010 and 2012, on loan from Major League Soccer's Los Angeles Galaxy. “(It was) an incredible place to play.”
MORE SOCCER COVERAGE:
Everton is called the People's Club for a reason and comes with a heartwarming 139 years of history after being founded by a Methodist church minister who wanted to keep younger members of their working-class congregation occupied during winter.
“Rev. Ben Chambers set the club up in 1878 and wanted to bring their community together, giving this area some civic pride,” chief executive Robert Elstone said in their office at Everton's USM Finch Farm training facility and headquarters. “We're still bringing communities together, getting them engaged, listening and reacting to what they tell us and making them really proud to wear that blue jersey.”
Goodison was built for 19th-century life and is tight and cramped and frosty on occasion but exceedingly warm in spirit. In some ways, Everton throws back to a more innocent time, with its nickname “The Toffees” coming from a popular candy store that was located near the stadium.
For a U.S. soccer fan seeking an authentic team that won't get them or them labeled a bandwagon jumper, Everton would be a solid option. With the current season winding down, USA TODAY Sports recently spent a day at Everton to see what makes an English Premier League operation tick, and found a desire to spread the team message far beyond its traditional borders.
“Growing up (in England) it is easy enough,” club captain Phil Jagielka said while reclining in a computer room used to educate trainees. “You support the team your dad did, or where you were brought up. (In America) if you don't have a connection like that, some people — the glory hunters, if you like — might tend to go for the big teams, the big names. But we are a proud club … and a team on the rise.”
Not a ‘museum' team
As a central defender who joined Everton in 2007, Jagielka enjoyed a long and productive partnership with U.S. national team goalkeeper Tim Howard, who was with the club from 2006 to 2016 before returning to MLS.
“Tim was one of the most important members of the team,” Jagielka said, adding that Howard was “terrible” at downtime pursuits such as pool and darts. “He fired up the squad and was always the person you could rely on.”
Apart from Donovan's stints, Everton also has featured former national team forwards Joe-Max Moore and Brian McBride and, much further back, welcomed the Chicago White Sox and the New York Giants for a 1920s baseball exhibition during a fledgling attempt to get America's pastime to catch on in England.
Around that period, Babe Ruth met legendary Everton forward Dixie Dean, whose mark of 60 goals in a season still stands as a record and has mythical status similar to that of the Bambino's 60 home runs in 1927.
Ruth was stunned when the soccer star told them they made 8 pounds per week, the same as every other player, because of a salary cap that paid no more than that of an average construction worker.
Now there is no salary cap in English soccer, with escalating salaries having allowed the wealthiest clubs such as Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Everton's neighbors, Liverpool, to monopolize the top of the standings.
Everton wants to be the next team to break through and thinks it has the blueprint to do so under new owner Farhad Moshiri, a steel and energy billionaire who purchased a 49.9% stake in Feb­ruary.
“It is a big task, but it is one we relish,” Elstone said. “If you absolutely believe it's all about money and that you get what you pay for, it probably looks even more daunting. But we feel that through the right manager, player trades, player development, you can buck that trend.”
With two games left in the season, Everton is in a comfortable kind of limbo, in seventh place, 13 points clear of its nearest rival, but needing a miracle to overtake Arsenal for sixth place.
Although the history is rich, with Everton being a founding member of the Football League in 1888, Moshiri says they do not want the club to be “a museum” and is committed to investing in fresh talent. A big splash can be expected during the summer transfer window.
“We're the People's Club, with a rich heritage going all the way back,” Elstone said. “We're closing on the likes of Manchester United, Manchester City, Arsenal, but to really push on and contend at the very top the thinking was that we needed the new investment, and we need a more modern stadium.”
Moshiri, who sold a substantial share in Arsenal to fund their Everton purchase, has taken steps toward building a state-of-the-art stadium, but how to build a squad full of world-class players who can win games in the EPL?
There is no draft aimed at creating parity, just a prize money structure that rewards the wealthiest, who also routinely earn the right to participate in lucrative European tournaments such as the Champions League. That money gets reinvested in even better players, and on it goes.
For a club such as Everton, now being able to afford players who can make a game-changing difference is just part of the battle. You still have to persuade them to join. Convincing a big-name foreign striker that Everton is a better proposition than say, Manchester United, requires a powerful sales pitch.
That's where Steve Walsh, hired as director of football last summer, comes in.
David Unsworth is Everton's under-23 coach and leading the charge to develop more homegrown players. (Photo11: Anthony McArdle, Everton F.C.)
Produce players for ‘our team'
Walsh is a modern talent-hunting guru, having built the Leicester City squad that won the EPL as a 5,000-1 shot last season. One member of that squad, Riyad Mahrez, was the 2016 EPL player of the year. Another, N'Golo Kante, now with Chelsea, just won this year's edition. Both were plucked from obscurity by Walsh, a jovial character whose methodology must be a bit more complicated than it sounds.
“You use the stats and use your eyes to see the type of player they are,” Walsh said. “Watching gives you a flavor of what the players are like, and then you find out as much as you can about the player's character.
“You can find out a lot from their social media habits. You speak to people, former coaches. Are they dedicated or distracted by other things? Young boys with a lot of money can easily go the other way if they are not careful.”
With few exceptions, the biggest teams have relied on buying players in the transfer market. Youngsters in English soccer are signed to contracts and developed. It is supposed to end with the best of them graduating to the first team. In practice, however, most of the starters at top EPL teams were bought, not grown.
“There are different stages of development young players need, and the most important thing they need at the end of that is an opportunity to play in the first team,” said David Unsworth, who appeared in 188 games for Everton and coaches its under-23 team. “You can have all (the infrastructure), but if you don't get an opportunity to play in the first team, what are we doing it for?”
Everton has invested more heavily in its youth structure than other clubs of a similar size, and it is starting to see the payoff. Unsworth's charges just clinched the EPL under-23 title and, perhaps more important, the survival rate of the developmental players is high.
England captain Wayne Rooney is the signature name to have come through the program, having joined Everton at 9 before being sold to Manchester United for a world-record fee for a teenager of more than $30 million in 2004.
Now Ross Barkley is the example for trainees. On the day USA TODAY Sports visited the training field, England national team head coach Gareth Southgate was looking on from an upstairs balcony, casting their eye over 23-year-old Barkley, who could be the national team's long-term midfield solution.
There are others emerging too, such as Tom Davies, a Beatles-listening and thoughtful 18-year-old who gets dropped off at training by their mom but has settled effortlessly into the rigors of EPL life.
“The No. 1 point (here) is to produce players to our first team,” Unsworth said. “Not anybody else's, but our first team.”
A major part of the youth program involves activities designed to keep young players humble, no easy task when some EPL 16-year-olds have contracts large enough for them to afford a Ferrari. Unsworth spearheads a community project in which their players are contributing their time and money to renovate a property near Goodison that will be used to house homeless youth.
An EPL stalwart
Everton's consistency — it has been relegated from the top tier of the English game only twice, most recently in 1951 — must have something to do with its familial nature. Reputations count for little in soccer; former EPL champion Blackburn Rovers was relegated from the second-tier Championship to League One last week, and former European Cup winner Nottingham Forest narrowly avoided the same fate.
The inner workings of an EPL team over the course of a day is something that the British news media, and by extension the U.K. public, rarely get to see. EPL teams are notoriously secretive and highly wary of the media, perhaps with good reason.
Barkley, who is of mixed race, was recently likened to a “gorilla” by the Sun newspaper after an incident in which the player was the victim of an unprovoked nightclub assault.
Other than banning the publication from its premises for an indefinite period, Everton has simply moved forward, with serious business ahead.
Head coach Ronald Koeman has been linked with Barcelona, which could be taken as a cause for concern but also is proof the team is doing something right. The Dutchman, one of the best players in the world during their playing career, scurries around training as if they were 24 and not 54, taking part in five-a-side games while approaching the conundrum of Everton's continued progress with scientific precision.
English soccer's flaw in recent times is that it has been a closed shop, but Everton, from top to bottom, senses a crack that can be exploited. To do so, everything has to keep working, seamlessly and persistently.
Koeman is a blunt talker, but the reason they came here, and what they want to achieve, is never far from view. Having won the European Championship with the Netherlands as a player, they have little interest in looking over their shoulder.
“If this club was not ambitious,” they said, “I would not be the manager of Everton.”
As of today, it looks like SegWit2X has failed to activate. The minimum one block was never mined into fruition, and a number of software bugs have caused SegWit2X to be basically dead. It is possible some day, somewhere for someone to mine the SegWit2X chain, but for all intents and purposes, this whole fork situation can be considered to be over.
Enter Bitcoin Cash stage left. Expect another attack this weekend. Bitcoin has reached an all-time high at $8000 USD and is ripe for profit-taking whilst Bitcoin Cash has settled into a more reasonable price range hovering in the low $1000 range. It is the perfect opportunity for the whales behind last week's attack to launch another salvo in the hopes of taking Bitcoin down a notch.
Try to avoid joining in on the FOMO. To really take advantage, I advise two strategies. Wait for the massive potential dip to all alt coins and stock up. Saturday night could be a fantastic time to increase your alt coin portfolio. Litecoin, in particular, could be a great candidate for bargain prices, along with Ethereum, Vertcoin, and numerous other coins.
The second strategy is more for the Bitcoin maximalist. Wait for the dip to cause Bitcoin to drop hard into the $5000's and stock up. It will likely recover within a few days.
Avoid trying to jump on the Bitcoin Cash rocket as you will likely get burned. Chances are it will repeat last weekend's colossal dump that left many regretting leaving other coins to join in on a blatantly manipulated pump and dump.
Watch closely, things are going to move very quickly this weekend!
*This is not professional trading advice. Don't spend more than you can afford to lose!
image source:
i.alalam.ir/news/Image/original/2016/07/23/alalam_636049092131498092_25f_4x3.jpg
From outside the cage, it looked like a pretty awful night for Kyle Kingsbury.
The 32-year-old light heavyweight had returned to action after almost two full years away in order to face Patrick Cummins at UFC on FOX 12 in their hometown of San Jose, and the result was one of those fights where the nicest thing you can say about Kingsbury (11-6 MMA, 4-5 UFC) is that they managed to endure the beating for three full rounds.
They got taken down over and over again. They got mauled by punches and elbows. Several times they seemed right on the brink of being stopped, only to somehow limp onward in the service of an increasingly hopeless cause. It was the fourth consecutive loss for Kingsbury, the last of their career, according to him, and it wasn't even close.
It was also a fight they took in part because of experiences he'd had while under the influence of the psychedelic drug ayahuasca, and it was everything they wanted it to be, whether anyone outside the cage realized it or not.
“This was for me,” Kingsbury told MMAjunkie. “This fight was for me. I wanted to see if I could go in there with a clear head and perform. In terms of what I was shooting for from a mental standpoint and an emotional standpoint, I definitely got what I was looking for, and on the biggest stage.”
There's really no good way to explain to people that you want to fight because of things that happened to you while you were tripping off a brew made of some Amazonian vine. You start throwing around terms like “apex teacher plant” and “dream state,” and it's bound to get you some funny looks.
It's also not exactly the kind of thing your employers want you telling people in advance of a fight on live network TV, so Kingsbury was reminded several times to keep it to himself, they said.
But now, after this unanimous decision loss to Cummins, he's officially retired. Now they can tell people exactly how they really feels, which is that ayahuasca was maybe the best thing that ever happened to him.
“It's extremely introspective,” Kingsbury said. “People call it a psychedelic, but it's not like you just sit there and see trails or s–t like that. You have profound visions that are very meaningful and very personal. I've had the opportunity to do it five times, and each one of those peels another layer of the onion, and I've learned more about myself and life in general. Doing that, I've come to terms with a lot of things about my life. I'm a happier person all around.”
But here's the question: Does a happier person necessarily make for a better fighter? Particularly if the kind of happiness we're talking about is the kind that comes from contentment and satisfaction, does that mean it's also the kind that is unhelpful in a career that involves hurting people for money?
Think about the things you hear fighters say. Think about the language they use, how it's always about being hungry and savage, how they're always embracing the grind and imposing their wills. Does these sound like people who are content or satisfied? Do they sound like people whose happiness is derived from a knowledge of self and a willingness to accept life as one harmonious puzzle?
This is a question Kingsbury has considered, and their answer – as well as the string of recent losses and the physical damage suffered in the process – had a lot to do with their decision to call it quits after the loss to Cummins.
“There were times in this camp where, because of the things I've learned, if I had a bad day, it didn't get me down,” Kingsbury said. “I'd just say, ‘Hey, I had a bad day of sparring, but I put in good rounds and I'm getting better.' On that level, I was correct. I wasn't lying to myself. But on a different level, there wasn't that ‘Holy s–t' factor where I'd feel like I've got to change up and get going now.
“There was an itch inside me when I first started fighting,” they added. “I really wanted to hurt people and I didn't give a s–t about anything else. I just wanted to punch someone in the face as hard as I could. By the end of my career, that was gone completely. I wanted to win and compete, and more than anything to push myself to be my best, for emotional, physical, and mental wellness. But to go in there and be successful, I think you do have to have that chip on your shoulder. You have to have that angst, that small spark. You don't have to fight angry, but you do have to have some anger inside you in order to really throw punches with aggression and really want to hurt someone else. I don't have that anymore.”
For Kingsbury the person, that's a good thing, even if it means the end of Kingsbury the pro fighter. For a lot of their career, they said, and even for a good portion of their life, they were angry. That drove them to fight, but it didn't necessarily make them happy. The first time they tried ayahuasca, they said, anger was the first emotion to boil to the surface.
“I thought, why the hell do people do this if it makes you feel this way?” Kingsbury said. “I kept getting more and more angry, getting annoyed at the people I was with, and I remember just being filled with anger.”
Soon after that, they started vomiting. La purga, they call it. The purge.
To ayahuasca enthusiasts, it's a physical release of unwanted emotional baggage. And for Kingsbury, the anger he'd carried around for years was the first thing to go. As they puked into a bucket, they said, they could feel the anger leaving him. Perhaps even more surprising, it didn't come back once the ayahuasca trip was over.
“When you come out of it, you're changed,” they said. “There's no hangover. There's no sense that you've got to go back and do more. But you do feel completely content with your life and everything around you. You have a new outlook, and it affects the way you view yourself, your friendships, your relationship with your family, everything. That's permanent.”
But if Kingsbury found so much peace outside the cage, why then did they return just to get beat up for 15 more minutes? To hear them tell it, they wanted to see for himself, via one of the most stressful and emotionally challenging processes they knew of, whether he'd really changed.
“I wanted to know, can I be calm in that type of stress?” Kingsbury said. “Can I be calm in front of that many people and fight with a level head? I really wasn't able to do that in any of my other fights. I always fought inside my own head so much. At the weigh-ins, I used to have almost like a panic attack. I had to remind myself to breathe. I'd get so nervous just looking at my opponent. This time, I didn't even have to try to remain calm. It was almost like an out-of-body experience. I was at peace the entire time. Even in the fight, I was at peace, so much so that I probably needed a little kick in the ass or a sense of urgency.”
Instead what they got was a beating so one-sided it resulted in scores of 30-27, 30-25, and 30-24 from the judges at cageside. They lost about as badly as you can lose and still last the distance, and he's not about to pretend that he's especially happy with that result.
At the same time, a lot of Kingsbury's focus these past two years has been on “shedding the ego,” as they put it. Losing a fight in front of thousands of people in your hometown is about as humbling as it gets, and how you respond to that might tell you a lot about the current state of your own self-image.
“I'd be lying if I told you that I didn't care about winning and losing,” Kingsbury said. “You always want to perform and have people say, ‘Man, you looked great out there.' I know I didn't go out that way. I know that wasn't the kind of performance where fans would think I looked awesome and left it all out there. I think a lot of people were disappointed in the way I looked. I wouldn't argue with that. I was disappointed, from a technical standpoint. But like I said, that fight was for me. It wasn't for anyone else.”
Kingsbury isn't done with martial arts, they insist. They intend to do jiu-jitsu for the rest of their life, even if they could probably do without getting hit in the head quite so regularly from now on. He's been working toward becoming a firefighter, and they hope that will be their new career now that this one's finished.
Mostly, they said, they want to be able to be happy and content, to be satisfied with their life and their place in the world. That's tough to do in professional fighting, where everyone is either clawing their way up the ranks or fending off those trying to take what they've got. It seems very possible that the cage is no place for happy people who have worked through their anger issues.
And that's fine, Kingsbury said. They don't regret their time in the sport, and they even credit it with helping them work through those issues, both in victory and defeat.
“I loved every second of it, but I'm happy to move on,” they said. “I don't want to be that guy who's 40 years old and that's all he's got. There's more to life than fighting, at least for me.”
“Bull!” said Kerry Emanuel, an atmospheric scientist at MIT.
Jim Anderson of Harvard University was showing them some weird data they had collected. Since 2001, Anderson and their team had been studying powerful thunderstorms by packing instruments into repurposed spy planes and B-57 bombers, among the only planes capable of flying into the storms “without having their wings ripped off,” Anderson said. To their puzzlement, the instruments detected surprisingly high concentrations of water molecules in the stratosphere, the usually drier-than-dust the uppermost layer of the atmosphere. They found the water over thunderstorms above Florida, and they found it over thunderstorms in Oklahoma—water as out of place as a dolphin in the Sahara.
While water in the stratosphere might seem innocuous, the finding made Anderson “profoundly worried,” they recall. From the decades they had spent studying the depletion of the earth's ozone layer—the thin gauze of molecules in the stratosphere that blocks most incoming ultraviolet radiation—Anderson knew that water could, through a series of chemical reactions, destroy ozone.
It was when they told Emanuel that violent thunderstorms seemed to be heaving water high into the atmosphere that their MIT colleague expressed their skepticism. A quick back-of-the-envelope calculation showed “you'd need an updraft of 100 miles an hour” to do that, Emanuel said. Impossible.
Anderson persisted, and by early 2012 they had demonstrated the connection. Scrutinizing data from the high-altitude flights, they showed that summer thunderstorms were indeed injecting water molecules into the stratosphere. There, sulfate aerosols (from industrial pollutants as well as volcanoes) attract the water molecules like a sponge and, plumped up, provide a bed for chemical reactions that destroy ozone. The destruction can persist for days or weeks. Oh, and one more thing: The violent storms that inject water vapor into the strato­sphere might be getting more powerful and more frequent under the influence of global warming.
Anderson had made a revolutionary connection between climate change and ozone loss. For three decades, scientists have shouted themselves hoarse insisting the two planetary threats were separate and unrelated. “What Anderson did is piece together all of the complicated parts—how you can inject water in higher and higher amounts into the upper atmosphere and how that causes ozone destruction—and come up with this alarming possibility,” says atmospheric scientist Ralph Cicerone, president of the National Academy of Sciences, who has done pioneering work on the ozone layer. “He's identified a really important mechanism.”
And if Anderson is right and the ozone layer is under renewed attack, then all of the potential consequences of that threat are back like a bad dream from the 1980s: more ultraviolet light reaching the ground; more cases of skin cancer and cataracts; damage to plankton and other organisms that support ocean life; and withered crops that could lead to skyrocketing food prices.
***
Anderson, courtly and white-haired at 68, is writing in longhand at their desk in Harvard's Mallinckrodt Laboratory early on a sunny autumn morning. The surrounding offices are still dark and empty; Anderson has been at it for over an hour, they say.
But scholarly research isn't their only passion. He's also shown unusual devotion to teaching undergrads, lacing an introductory physical sciences class with pragmatic case studies, such as having students calculate their personal energy use. “When I started, I was teaching first-year student chemistry the old way, where the idea was to flunk 90 percent of the students,” says Anderson. “But that wastes a huge amount of creative talent and drives students away from science, never to return.”
Look! Up in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane.
No, it's a drone, able to zoom at breakneck speeds through a complex three-dimensional obstacle course. And it's coming to your living room.
In its latest foray into non-athletic sports – does the name Chris Moneymaker ring a bell? – ESPN has reached an agreement to broadcast the Drone Racing League (DRL) season. An introduction to drone racing will air Thursday night on ESPN2 and competition begins Oct. 23.
''It's must-watch TV,'' Matt Volk, director, programming and acquisitions at ESPN, said Wednesday. ''We're always exploring ways to deliver quality and exciting content. We see this as being an emerging sport with an emerging audience. We're excited to see how it does, but we feel good about its growth potential.''
Sky, which broadcasts to the United Kingdom and Ireland, and 7Sports, a sports business cluster in Germany, also will air 10 one-hour episodes of the five-race 2016 DRL season, including a winner-take-all world championship Nov. 20.
Drone racing is simply the latest so-called extreme sport in this digital age, and ESPN and the DRL are banking on the rising popularity of the craft worldwide.
''We don't come with a built-in audience. There's no hiding that,'' Drone Racing League CEO Nick Horbaczewski said. ''They see a long-term opportunity here. They know how engaging the content is. It's very attractive for a younger audience. The reaction is something very visceral for people.
''There's a huge emergence going on right now of people who fly drones. This sport is all about that.''
Horbaczewski, who founded the DSL a little over a year ago, said drone racing has all the elements of auto racing and likens it to a real-life video game with a ''real scientific element to it.''
The tiny craft used by the DSL will be unlike the more than one million consumer drones out there buzzing around. They will be custom built by the DRL so that all are identical with the same power output. That means all pilots will be racing on a fair playing field, and they will be doing the actual flying – not some pre-programmed GPS system.
''We want it to be a test of pilot skill rather than drone design,'' Horbaczewski said.
Among those behind the controls once the season starts likely won't be that hot-shot kid next door who buzzes the treetops in the neighborhood. The DSL will select just 12 elite pilots from around the world. The winner of the championship will receive a contract to be a full-time professional pilot in the league next year with a salary.
''We find incredibly talented pilots, people who are very, very good at flying drones,'' Horbaczewski said. ''But sometimes they just can't manage their nerves. They're not a performance athlete. People who are emerging are real performance athletes who can perform under pressure.''
Each event will include a series of races around complicated aerobatic race courses over two days in a bracket-style elimination format. Heats will be one to two minutes long, and fans who tune in likely will enjoy them. Horbaczewski says about half the drones crash every heat, and onboard cameras will offer a bird's-eye view of the action.
''You get a real rush,'' they said. ''It's a weird mix of the NFL and Formula One. You get that motor racing appeal.''
Without the human trauma.
''The amount of the carnage that goes on when you're slamming into walls at 80 mph when you miss a turn – it's exciting,'' Horbaczewski said. ''But there's no moral hazard like there is when there's a crash in an auto race.''
So far, drone racing's Jeff Gordon has not surfaced. Whoever emerges as this year's champion promises to be someone of that mold, though.
''This sport is exhausting for the pilots,'' Horbaczewski said. ''We only run a certain number of races because we can't push them beyond a certain point. It is physically and brain-powerwise a very intense sport. It takes unbelievable concentration and physical discipline. It's not totally non-athletic.''
Motor sports in America have been struggling to attract younger fans. The DSL is hoping to buck that trend.
''Our audience we know is younger,'' Horbaczewski said. ''I love Formula One, but watching the Monaco Grand Prix came down to one pit stop and one pass.''
Still, drone racing on TV?
''No way! I've been trying to get them to broadcast what we do for 30 years. They're not interested,'' said 67-year-old Gene Soucy, a champion aerobatic pilot. ''I know why it's going to work and why what we do doesn't. The average guy can go out and buy a drone and anybody can fly one.''
—
Follow Kekis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Greek1947
Most defencemen aren't able to play in a shutdown role for years. It tooktwo games.For Nashville's first two games of the season,took on the heavy lifting and was matched up almost exclusively against the opposition's top lines. Barry Trotz spread out Jones' minutes evenly amongst everyone else.But when, Weber's usual partner, went down with a head injury in the second game of the season, it opened up the door for Jones to take on more responsibility. A lot of responsibility.Weber usually plays some of the most difficult minutes of any defenceman. Last year Weber started 43.1% of their shifts in the defensive zone ( 21st lowest of 194 defencemen to play at least 24 games ) and was out against the opponent's top line whenever Trotz could get the matchup ( only 11 defencemen got a consistently tougher matchup ). So asking Jones, a rookie with two games of NHL experience, to take on that role is asking a lot, especially considering Jones, a right-handed shot, has done it on the left side.Since pairing with Weber, Jones has spent no less than 50% of their ice time against the opponent's top line, the only exception being against Montreal, a game in which Trotz switched up the matchup half-way through and sent out Weber and Jones against the Gallagher-Galchenyuk-Eller, as that line was the most dangerous. Against Minnesota in the third game of the season, Trotz had Jones out against the Parise-Koivu-Pominville line for almost 65% of their minutes. Talk about throwing the kid to the wolves.Despite the tough minutes, the 2013 fourth overall pick has excelled. The Predators control 53.1% of all shot attempts at 5-on-5 with Jones on the ice compared to only 48.5% when they take a breather. That works out to about 24 shots per 60 minutes of 5-on-5 play with Jones on the ice, which would make Nashville the fourth best team at preventing shots if they could somehow clone Jones and play them all night. He's one of the big reasons why Nashville has jumped from a poor puck possession club (fourth worst in 2012-13) to an above-average group (12th so far this season).He's been great. For the visual learners, here's their beauty game-winning goal against the Montreal Canadiens . There's some skill involved on that play.Jones is also playing a ton of special team minutes. Their 2:52 of penalty kill time a game is good enough for fourth on the team, only three seconds a game behindand Paul Gaustad. And Jones is already playing with Weber on the power play, logging almost three-and-a-half minutes with the man-advantage.  They are doing everything for Nashville.Not even Preds GM David Poile expected Jones to be this good, this early.“You'd probably think you wean a player into your lineup, especially a younger player, in maybe the third pairing and the fifth or sixth amount of ice time," Poile said . "I mean, I thought that would probably be the normal way to do it."In recent history that has been the normal way. Even some of the best young defencemen making the jump to the NHL as teenagers are eased into the lineup. Very rarely do any play top-line minutes in a shutdown role during their first season, let alone their first week in the NHL. Since 2007-08, 17 teenage defencemen have debuted in the NHL. Most played in a second- or third-pairing role. Only four played against the opposition's top line in their rookie season:, and. Victor Hedman, the second overall pick from the 2009 draft, didn't grow into a first-pairing shutdown role until their third season.Schenn and Myers have both stumbled in their development, but Doughty has become an elite defenceman and Brodin is probably one or two full seasons of excellent play away from joining the conversation. The way Jones has played early on this season, it wouldn't be a surprise if people start talking about them in the same way sooner rather than later. There is already a discussion about whether Jones has a shot at making the American Olympic team. It should help that Poile is Team USA's GM, and they haven't exactly hidden their opinion.“We've got 20 games to play before we have to make any decisions," Poile said . "If they keep playing 20, 25 minutes a night in a successful fashion, he's certainly going to be given consideration. He's getting my vote.”
As Netflix continues to add more content to its streaming service—and millions more paying subscribers each quarter—the company's viewing audience is growing fast enough to draw subjective comparisons to major American TV networks. On Thursday, an investment bank's analysts crunched the numbers and came to a substantial conclusion: Netflix will surpass the top networks' reported Nielsen viewer numbers by next year.
FBR Capital Markets' analysts made the claim while commenting on Netflix's recent seven-to-one stock split, which will go into effect on July 14. FBR believes the streaming company's continuing stock price surge isn't over yet. The analysts, Chase White and Barton Crockett, crunched Netflix's Q1 2015 numbers to estimate a little over two hours of streaming per American customer; in Nielsen terms, that amounts to the service's total, 24-hour content rating of 2.6, which is neck-and-neck with American broadcasters ABC and NBC.
"However, Netflix is growing its ratings at a 40 percent-plus compound annual growth rate; the broadcasters are, on average, declining," the FBR analysts wrote. "At this pace, in a year, Netflix will have a larger 24-hour audience than all broadcast networks."
As Variety points out in its report on the statement, the networks' current Nielsen numbers aren't a perfect comparison point since they don't factor in the networks' own online VOD portals. Still, the rest of the analysts' points hold water and then some. Netflix is trouncing its network and cable rivals in price point and customer surveys, and it's eager to spend for the rights to domestic and international content—FBR said Netflix is spending $2 billion on that, but in its Q1 earnings report, Netflix actually confirmed that sum was a whopping $3 billion.
The only gaping hole in FBR's analysis was any Netflix strides toward live content, a sector that network and cable providers still have a lead on. Only one major online-only competitor has begun to dip its toes into this area: Yahoo Screen.
What should we build our spacecraft out of? At first this might seem like an easy question, but there's a lot to consider. The materials we pick must be durable yet lightweight. They need to control heat so the craft doesn't get too hot or too cold. They need to be flexible, yet hold together.
This is tough for any one material to meet, which is why NASA scientists are designing their own. A team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory have designed a type of futuristic chainmail built for space travel that could be used on the ISS or on Mars.
Traditional chainmail is forged from thousands of tiny links of metal forged by hand. NASA's new chainmail, by contrast, takes advantage of new developments in 3D printing to quickly create large sheets of the material.
NASA's chainmail was designed specifically with space travel in mind. It's foldable and flexible so it can take many different shapes, but it's still durable enough to survive in space. One side reflects sunlight while the other side absorbs it.
This range of attributes means that this new material could be used in all sorts of ways. The flexibility of the chainmail means it could be used in antennae and other deployable structures. The durability could find a use as shielding from debris. The reflective properties could be used for temperature regulation and insulation.
The versatility of this new material is great, but it mainly underscores the growing importance of 3D printing and other additive manufacturing technologies. 3D printing opens many new doors and enables brand-new construction materials that can be designed to fill highly specific roles. Chances are, most of the materials used on spacecraft will be 3D printed in the future.
Source: NASA via Gizmodo
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal confronts the specter of a collapse of U.S. political support for the war in Afghanistan in coming months comparable to the one that occurred in the Iraq War in late 2006.
On Thursday, McChrystal's message that their strategy will weaken the Taliban in its heartland took its worst beating thus far, when they admitted that the planned offensive in Kandahar City and surrounding districts is being delayed until September at the earliest, because it does not have the support of the Kandahar population and leadership.
Equally damaging to the credibility of McChrystal's strategy was the Washington Post report published Thursday documenting in depth the failure of February's offensive in Marja.
The basic theme underlined in both stories  that the Afghan population in the Taliban heartland is not cooperating with U.S. and NATO forces  is likely to be repeated over and over again in media coverage in the coming months.
The Kandahar operation, which McChrystal's staff has touted as the pivotal campaign of the war, had previously been announced as beginning in June. But it is now clear that McChrystal has understood for weeks that the most basic premise of the operation turned out to be false.
“When you go to protect people, the people have to want you to protect them,” said McChrystal, who was in Brussels for a NATO conference.
They didn't have to spell out the obvious implication: the people of Kandahar don't want the protection of foreign troops.
The Washington Post story on McChrystal's announcement reported “U.S. officials” had complained that “the support from Kandaharis that the United States was counting on [Afghan President Hamid] Karzai to deliver has not materialized.”
That explanation hardly makes McChrystal's war plan more credible, because Karzai has made no secret of their preference for a negotiated settlement rather than continued efforts to weaken the Taliban by occupying key Taliban strongholds.
The report in the Post, written by National Editor Rajiv Chandrasekaran, provided the first detailed evidence of the systematic non-cooperation of the population of the district-sized area called Marja with U.S. troops.
Chandrasekaran reported that female U.S. Marines tried to get Afghan women to come to a meeting last week, but that not a single woman showed up. And despite a NATO offer to hire as many as 10,000 residents for labor projects on irrigation projects, only about 1,200 have signed up.
The U.S. officials in Marja are trying to convince local residents, in effect, that they should trust the foreign troops to protect them from the Taliban, but the Taliban are still able to threaten to credibly to punish those who collaborate with occupation forces.
About a dozen people have been killed for such collaboration already, and many more have been warned to stop, according to Chandrasekaran's report.
“You can't get beyond security when you talk to people,” a civilian official working on development told the Post editor. “They don't want to entertain discussions about projects.”
Chandrasekaran also reported that representatives of rural development and education projects came to Marja initially and then retreated to the province center. They appear to be as convinced as the population that the Taliban will continue to be a powerful presence in the region.
That was not supposed to happen when the U.S.-NATO declared victory in Marja three months ago. To ensure that no Taliban would be able to operate in the area, McChrystal had deployed nearly 15,000 U.S., British and Afghan troops to control Marja's population.
Despite news media references before and during the offensive to Marja as a “city of 80,000,” it was an agricultural area whose population of about 35,000 was spread over some 120 square kilometers, based on the fewer than 50 dwellings shown on the Google Earth map of a 1.2 kilometer segment of the area.
That means the 15,000 NATO and Afghan troops provide a ratio of one occupying soldier for every two members of the population. Counterinsurgency doctrine normally calls for one soldier for every 50 people in the target area.
The fact that the U.S.-NATO forces could not clear the Taliban from Marja despite such an unusually heavy concentration of troops is devastating evidence that the McChrystal strategy has failed.
Throughout 2009, media coverage of the war was focused on plans for a new offensive strategy that promised to turn the war around. But Thursday's double dose of bad news suggests a cascade of news stories to come that will reinforce the conclusion that the war is futile.
That in turn could lead to what might be an “Iraq 2006 moment”  the swift unraveling of political support for the war on the part of the elected and unelected political elite, as occurred in the Iraq War in the second half of 2006. The collapse of elite political support for the Iraq War followed months of coverage of sectarian violence showing the U.S. military had lost control of the war.
McChrystal is still hoping, however, to be given much more time to change the attitudes of the population in Helmand and Kandahar.
Chandrasekaran quoted “a senior U.S. military official in Afghanistan”  the term often used for McChrystal themselves  as saying, “We're on an Afghan timetable, and the Afghan timetable is not the American timetable.” The official added, “And that is the crux of the problem.”
McChrystal and their boss, CENTCOM chief Gen. David Petraeus, may now be counting on pressure from the Republican Party to force President Barack Obama to reverse their present position that withdrawal of U.S. troops will begin next year.
That was the view expressed Thursday by retired Army lieutenant colonel and former Petraeus aide John Nagl, a leading specialist on counterinsurgency who is now president of the Center for a New American Security.
After the organization's annual conference, Nagle told IPS that Obama will have to shift policy next year to give more time to McChrystal, because they would otherwise be too vulnerable to Republican attacks on their Afghanistan policy going into the 2012 election campaign.
(Inter Press Service)
Read more by Gareth Porter
CLOSE Army bringing in more equipment to help in Puerto Rico Video provided by AFP Newslook
Buy Photo Rev. Faith Fowler poses for a photo in the Cass Green Industries building in Detroit on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. They created the building to provide jobs for long-term unemployed people to take abandoned tires from illegal dumping areas in Detroit to turn into floor mats and sandals that sell for a reasonable profit. This also will be the site where portable solar panels will be built for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Formerly homeless men and women from Detroit will work to literally empower the people of hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, building portable solar panels that are to be delivered to the island.
The Rev. Faith Fowler, executive director of Cass Community Social Services, told the Free Press that supplies to build 15 portable solar panels have been ordered and are on their way to the nonprofit's Green Industries, where they'll be assembled for hurricane relief.
 They are among the Michiganders hoping to bring some aid to the devastation on the island caused by Hurricane Maria, a Category 4 storm that struck Sept. 20, felling electrical towers, poles and power lines in its path. It left most of the island's 3.4 million residents with limited or in many cases no access to food, clean drinking water, electricity, gasoline and cell phone service.
The 100-watt, 12-volt polycrystalline portable solar panels can be used to charge cell phones, computers, or run fans or lights or even small refrigerators.
"Basically, they collect the rays from the sun, which is good for Puerto Rico because they have a lot of sun. They convert the sun's rays into energy that gets stored on a battery that items can draw from; things can be plugged in," they said.
Access to refrigeration, Fowler said, is vital for people whose medication must be kept cold.
"Especially when you think about insulin," they said. "Those folks are really in trouble. We thought that would be magnificent because a lot of people can't access gasoline or generators. And when you're talking about 6 months without electricity, it just frightens me."
More on Freep.com:
San Juan Mayor outraged by 'good news story' of Hurricane Maria
Critical drug shortages possible in Puerto Rico
Power lines and trees are seen knocked over by the winds of Hurricane Maria as it passed through the area on Sept. 25, 2017 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico experienced widespread damage after Hurricane Maria, a category 4 hurricane, passed through. (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
Parts for the first batch of solar panels, which include battery boxes, 12V plugs, inverters, wires and fuses, are expected to arrive in Detroit by Tuesday. It costs about $500 to build a single unit.Fowler said the nonprofit group will work through the week to build them, and then soon after will travel to Puerto Rico to ensure they make it into the hands of people who most need them.
They'll be delivered to people like Carlos Melendez's 87-year-old father, along with their sisters and their children.
Melendez, who lives in Ann Arbor, volunteers at Cass Community Social Services with their wife, Bonnie. They will travel to Puerto Rico with Fowler to deliver the first batch of solar panels.
The Melendez family got together in Puerto Rico in March. Pictured are Benigno Melendez (front, left), with their granddaughter Bug Bander, who is holding their son Jacob. Pictured in the back are Carlos Melendez and their grandson Charlie. (Photo: Melendez family photo)
"We'd love to send as many as we can make," said Fowler. "We've got the recipe, if you will, to put them together, and we've got somebody with relatives in Puerto Rico who can take the first few down. We're working on transport for a larger number with other donations that are headed down. We're putting connections together. It's a little complicated because communications are down."
It's the lack of the ability to communicate with loved ones that has Bonnie Melendez especially worried about their father-in-law, Benigno Melendez, who lives in Puerto Rico and has an open wound on their leg.
"We have had some limited communications, but it's very spotty, like we can hear every third word when we do get through," said Bonnie Melendez, noting that their father-in-law lives in a town called Caguas, in the central mountain region south of San Juan.
They worry about the risk of infection in the wound on their leg, especially since there's no access to clean tap water, limited medical supplies and food.
Nelida Trinidad walks around their destroyed home in Montebello, Puerto Rico, in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017. Five days after the Category 4 storm slammed into Puerto Rico, many of the more than 3.4 million U.S. citizens in the territory were still without adequate food, water and fuel. Flights off the island were infrequent, communications were spotty and roads were clogged with debris. Officials said electrical power may not be fully restored for more than a month. (Photo: Gerald Herbert, Associated Press)
Them husband, they said, "is desperately trying to get their father out of Caguas. ... They would like to go in and bring their dad out, but there are no rental cars to rent. There's no gas to put in them.
"The infrastructure has been smashed to smithereens."
They bought a plane ticket for Benigno Melendez to fly to Detroit on Wednesday, but it might not be easy to get them out of Puerto Rico.
"The questions are: Can we tell them in time, and then can they get to the airport?" they said.
The scenario is daunting, and it has led many to get creative about communicating with loved ones in the hurricane-ravaged areas.
"My father is such a clever man," said Rose Figueroa, 29,of Ann Arbor, who grew up in San Juan and whose entire family lives in Puerto Rico. "The other day, they called me through the Direct TV modem. They got some diesel for the generator, enough to call me through the modem — apparently the modem has a phone number and they called me through the phone.
"I didn't know it was him. I was at work, so I didn't pick up until it was like the third call. Now, I know it's them and I pick up."
Figueroa said it's been emotional being so far away from the people they love, knowing they are suffering.
"The last time I was there was in August," Figueroa said. "Now, Puerto Rico is so different. It's really sad. For me and for other Puerto Ricans, this is something that we are constantly thinking about. We're driving and we think about it. We listen to a song and we start crying because there's nothing we can do."
So rather than spend their days worrying, feeling powerless, Figueroa has found strength by organizing donations for their loved ones and the other people stranded on their island home.
Dr. Ivan Figueroa and their daughter Rose Figueroa spend time together during their visit to Puerto Rico in August. (Photo: Figueroa family photo)
They started an Ann Arbor-based chapter of Puerto Rico Rises, and is collecting donations of things like batteries, solar cell phone chargers and lights, hand sanitizer, disinfecting wipes, bottled water, baby formula and canned goods.
"We've started a huge movement here in Michigan," they said. "We partnered with the Puerto Rican Family Institute in New York. We are using Ann Arbor as our headquarters and have satellite drop off centers in Livonia, Sterling Heights, Canton, Ypsilanti and in churches and schools."
A family washes clothes on the side of the road, utilizing water running off the mountain in Montebello, Puerto Rico, in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017. Five days after the Category 4 storm slammed into Puerto Rico, many of the more than 3.4 million U.S. citizens in the territory were still without adequate food, water and fuel. Flights off the island were infrequent, communications were spotty and roads were clogged with debris. Officials said electrical power may not be fully restored for more than a month. (Photo: Gerald Herbert, AP)
Corporate automotive partners, they said, have agreed to truck the supplies to the Puerto Rican Family Institute in New York City, where they'll be loaded onto ships to help the people.
"We're doing our best here and helping," they said.
Them father, Dr. Ivan Figueroa, a general practitioner, has been helping the sick and injured in their neighborhood, and hopes to volunteer soon at a hospital within walking distance of their home, Rose Figueroa said. When they can get a text message out to her, they sometimes will send funny pictures.
Dr. Ivan Figueroa spreads their arms in La Parguera, Puerto Rico in August, just weeks before Hurricane Maria devastated the island. (Photo: Figueroa family photo)
"He is the one stuck there, and they are trying to lift our hearts here and encouraging us to keep doing what we're doing," they said.
Bonnie Melendez said they hope the aid coming in to Puerto Rico soon will be able to be better distributed to the people in need.
"It's not that the United States isn't sending help," Melendez said. "They are. They have many, many National Guards on the ground. My mother-in-law can hear them working. They are trying. But it's just so overwhelming."
When Fowler told them about the plan to build the solar panels, they said: "I thought it was a wonderful idea, and I can see where in this situation, it would be really beneficial to these people."
Buy Photo The Rev. Faith Fowler talks with media outside of the first of 25 houses for the $1.5-million Tiny Homes project by Cass Community Social Services in Detroit's west side on Thursday, Sept. 8, 2016 during the media reveal. Fowler, the group's executive director, said the houses will be between 250 and 400 square feet and will be reserved for low-income owners. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)
Fowler said Cass Social Services is taking donations to raise money to build more solar panels, with hopes that enough money can be raised to make a true impact on the people.
"If we get a real rush of donations, and can order supplies to build more, we'll put out a call for volunteers," they said. "The sooner we can get them there, the better."
Contact Kristen Jordan Shamus: 313-222-5997 or kshamus@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @kristenshamus.
HOW TO HELP
SOLAR PANELS: To donate to Cass Community Social Services, which is building solar panels to help with hurricane relief in Puerto Rico, go online to https://casscommunity.org/donate/ or send a check to Cass Community Social Services, 11745 Rosa Parks, Attn: CR, Detroit, MI 48206.
"Just let us know it's for the solar panels so it's designated for that and we'll use it exactly in that way," said the Rev. Faith Fowler, executive director of the nonprofit organization.
SUPPLIES: Puerto Rico Rises is collecting the following items to provide hurricane relief to the people on the island:
Batteries (especially D)
Portable water purification
Solar lanterns/lighsticks
Solar cell phone chargers
Battery/solar powered radios
Construction tools/materials
Mosquito repellent
Disinfecting wipes
Hand sanitizer
Wipes
Adult/Baby diapers
Tampons, pads & liners
Toothbrushes, toothpaste, floss & mouthwash
Deodorant
Shampoo/Conditioner
Canned goods (Spam, corned beef)
Canned beans (kidney, pink, black, white, chickpeas)
Canned veggies
Bottled water
Canned soup
Canned baby formula
Items are being accepted unitl Oct. 12 at locations throughout Ann Arbor as well as in Ypsilanti, Canton, Sterling Heights, Shelby Township and Livonia. For a list of drop-off sites, go to http://puertoricorises.com/annarbor.html
CLOSE Here's the latest for Friday, Sept. 29th: President Trump defends their administration's hurricane response; The Navy's USNS Comfort deploys for Puerto Rico; US pulls all nonessential embassy staff out of Cuba; An abandoned sea otter pup is recovering. AP
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2kb9xYo
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 28, 2014, 3:57 AM GMT / Updated Dec. 28, 2014, 4:51 PM GMT
Rescuers scouring Indonesian waters for an AirAsia plane that went missing with 162 people aboard have found no sign of the missing jet more than 16 hours after it lost contact with air-traffic control, officials said Sunday.
After more than 10 hours of scouring the Java Sea, Indonesian authorities called off the aerial search for the night and said it would resume at 6 a.m. Monday (6 p.m. ET Sunday). Achmad Toha of Indonesia's Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS) said some ships in the area would continue looking for the missing plane overnight, according to The Associated Press.
AirAsia Indonesia Flight QZ8501 lost contact with air traffic control at around 7:24 a.m. local time in Indonesia (7:24 p.m. ET) on Sunday after requesting a course change due to bad weather while en route from Surabaya, Indonesia, to Singapore.
Indonesia's acting director general of transportation, Djoko Murjatmodjo, said there had been no distress signal from the cockpit of the Airbus A320-200, but a minute before contact was lost, the pilot "asked to avoid clouds by turning left and going higher to 34,000 feet.” Forecasters told NBC News that "numerous showers and hail" littered the missing jet's flight path.
"We hope we can find the location of the plane as soon as possible, and we hope that God will give us guidance to find it," Murjatmodjo told reporters. "We don't dare to presume what has happened except that it has lost contact."
The flight had 155 passengers on board, including 16 children and one infant, and two pilots and five crew members, the airline said. Most on board were Indonesian though there were around six foreigners — including three South Koreans, a British national, a Singapore national and a Malaysian. A French national was part of the crew, according to AirAsia.
"The aircraft was on the submitted flight plan route and was requesting deviation due to en route weather before communication with the aircraft was lost," the airline said, adding that the missing plane last underwent maintenance on Nov. 16.
The pilot in command has a total of 20,537 flying hours, of which, 6,100 flying hours were with AirAsia Indonesia on the Airbus A320, the airline said.
Airbus confirmed in a statement that the plane was delivered to AirAsia in October 2008 and that it had accumulated about 23,000 flight hours in some 13,600 flights.
Indonesia's Transport Minister Ignasius Jonan told reporters in Surabaya that search-and-rescue efforts now involved the Indonesian army, the National Search and Rescue Agency as well as Singapore and Malaysia, according to The Associated Press. The Search and Rescue Agency's operation chief, Maj. Gen. Tatang Zaenudin, said 200 rescuers had been deployed to the east side of Belitung island, the AP reported.
Singapore's military confirmed to NBC News that it had deployed a C-130 plane to assist in search and rescue efforts.
"Following the Indonesian authorities calling off the search for the day, the aircraft has since departed the area of operations," the military said in a statement, adding that it would send two C-130s to continue the search operation on Monday.
The U.S. National Transportation Safety board is monitoring developments in the search and is prepared to assist if asked by the Indonesian government, agency spokesperson, Terry Williams, told NBC News. Officials with the U.S. State Department said they were ready to assist in the search, if needed, adding that none of the passengers on the plane were carrying U.S. passports. “Our hearts and hopes are with the passengers and families of AirAsia QZ8501,” Secretary of State John Kerry posted on Twitter.
Weeping and distraught relatives of passengers flocked to Singapore's Changi Airport, which set up an area to provide assistance to passengers' family. “Our main priority is keeping the families of our passengers and colleagues informed on the latest developments,” the CEO of AirAsia Indonesia, Sunu Widyatmoko, said in a statement. The country's prime minister, Lee Hsien Loong, said on Twitter that their "thoughts are with the passengers and their families."
Tony Fernandes, the head of AirAsia, said they were en route to Indonesia's city of Surabaya — where most of the passengers were from — and that their thoughts were with the passengers and crew.
The White House said that President Barack Obama was briefed on the disappearance of the flight and monitoring developments. The National Transportation Safety Board is also monitoring developments, but would need an invitation to assist in any investigation.
The loss of contact with the AirAsia flight comes nine months after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370, which vanished during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people aboard on March 8. It has never been found.
Malaysia Airlines sent a message of support amid the ongoing search for the AirAsia flight, saying in a Twitter message on Sunday that its "thoughts and prayers are with all family and friends of those on board."
— The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report.
Jian Ghomeshi is suing the CBC, their former employer of 13 years, for defamation, breach of confidence and punitive damages, after they were allegedly fired over concerns about “possible negative public perception” of their sex life, according to a $55-million lawsuit filed at 4 p.m. Monday. Ghomeshi, 47, was fired Sunday after the public broadcaster said it recently received information it says “precludes” it from continuing to employ the host of the popular Q radio show.
Ousted host of Q denies claims by three women of unwanted sexual violence and threatens to sue broadcaster for $55 million.
The statement of claim alleges the statement by the CBC was made in bad faith and is defamatory, creating “damaging speculation” about Ghomeshi. “It implies or creates the innuendo that Mr. Ghomeshi's termination was related to unacceptable conduct,” the statement of claim alleges. The statement also “confirmed that the basis of their termination was as a result of the confidential information that had been disclosed voluntarily and in good faith to the CBC by Mr. Ghomeshi.” None of the allegations contained in the statement of claim have been proven in court.
Article Continued Below
Ghomeshi was terminated, not because the CBC “was concerned about whether Mr. Ghomeshi's sex practises where consensual; rather, their employment was terminated because of the CBC's concern about the possible negative public perception should the fact that Mr. Ghomeshi engaged in BDSM became public,” the lawsuit alleges, adding that the CBC has an “antiquated perspective.” Similar to the Facebook post by Ghomeshi published Sunday, the lawsuit alleges that a former girlfriend of Ghomeshi's shared a “fabricated” story with a reporter and others “which recast their relationship as one where they did not consent to the sexual activity in which they repeatedly engaged.” The lawsuit alleges the relationship was consensual. ON MOBILE: Click here to read court documents On Sunday night, the Star published allegations from three women who said they experienced violence from Ghomeshi without consent — including being struck in the face and choked — and with a former CBC employee, who complained of verbal and physical harassment in the workplace.
Former CBC radio host Jian Ghomeshi has filed a $55 million lawsuit against the public broadcaster alleging defamation and breach of trust. ( CBC / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The lawsuit states that “the allegations Mr. Ghomeshi engaged in non-consensual sex and physically abused their partners are false.” After learning of the allegations being made about him, Ghomeshi trusted the CBC with “confidential and sensitive information about their private life,” and an internal investigation found the allegations to be false, the lawsuit alleges.
Article Continued Below
The lawsuit alleges that the “confidential” information was “of a deeply personal nature and was shared with the CBC when Mr. Ghomeshi was concerned about avoiding the publication of false allegations against them and managing the response to those allegations if they became public.” Terminating Ghomeshi based on that information is a breach of confidence, the statement of claim alleges. “Mr. Ghomeshi would not have shared information about their private life with the CBC had they appreciated the CBC would ultimately use the information provided to it to terminate their employment.” The lawsuit alleges that Ghomeshi and their lawyer were repeatedly told by the CBC that they were satisfied there was no basis to the allegations. At the request of the CBC, Ghomeshi shared “certain materials exchanged between themselves and the woman believed to be behind the allegations, to demonstrate conclusively that the relationship they had was a purely consensual one and there was no basis for the allegations,” the lawsuit alleges. The CBC did not tell Ghomeshi they were continuing to investigate them or that the information disclosed would be used as a basis for termination,” the lawsuit alleges. The lawsuit is seeking $25 million in damages for breach of confidence, $25 million in damages for defamation and $5 million in punitive damages.
Read more about:
Nearly a month ago, 12 Sports brought you the story of Steve Krause, a local comedian who planned to overcome their disability and climb the 'Rocky Steps' in Philadelphia.
"Each flight has different meanings," said Krause. "One flight is going to be depression, one flight is going to be suicide, one's going to be the pity I've gone through my entire life, and then that last step is my future. So when I leave my chair at the bottom of those stairs, and I look down on it, I know I've accomplished it. I know I can do anything."
Well Steve did it, climbing the steps on Sunday.
They accomplished their goal of showing anything is possible, no matter the odds.
We at 12 Sports send our congratulations to Steve, well done!
Copyright 2016 KPNX
A young woman in Damascus produced a smart phone from their handbag and asked, “May I show you something?” The phone's screen displayed a sequence of images. The first was a family photograph of a sparsely bearded young man in their twenties. Beside them were two boys, who appeared to be five and six, in T-shirts. The young man and their sons were smiling. Pointing at the father, the woman said, “This is my cousin.” The next picture, unlike the first, came from the Internet. It was the same young man, but their head was severed. Beside them lay five other men in their twenties whose bloody heads were similarly stacked on their chests. I looked away.
Them finger skimmed the screen, revealing another photo of their cousin that they insisted I see. Their once happy face had been impaled on a metal spike. The spike was one of many in a fence enclosing a public park in Raqqa, a remote provincial capital on the Euphrates River in central Syria. Along the fence were other decapitated heads that children had to pass on their way to the playground.
The woman's cousin and their five comrades were soldiers in the Syrian army's 17th Reserve Division. The Islamic State in Syria and Iraq (ISIS) had captured them when it overran the Tabqa military airfield, about twenty-five miles from ISIS headquarters in Raqqa, on August 24. The family's sole hope was that the young man was already dead when they cut off their head. There was no question of returning the body or holding a funeral. Only a few weeks later ISIS savagery touched the United States and Britain, as it already had Syria and Iraq, with the beheadings of the journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and the aid workers David Haines and Alan Henning.
The woman explained that their cousin had recently turned down a chance to leave their unit for a safer post near their home. It would not be right, they reasoned, for him, as a member of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's minority Alawite sect, to desert their Sunni comrades. They stayed with them, and they died with them.
The Syrian government does not publish casualty figures by sect, but martyrs' notices pasted on the walls in Jabal Alawia, the Alawite heartland in the hills east of the port of Latakia, indicate that the Alawites have suffered a disproportionate share of deaths in the war to preserve the Alawite president. A myth promulgated by the Sunni Islamist opposition is that the Alawites have been the main beneficiaries of forty-four years of Assad family rule over Syria, but evidence of Alawite wealth outside the presidential clan and entourage is hard to find. The meager peasant landholdings that marked the pre-Assad era are still the rule…
eggless pound cake recipe with step-by-step photos. Very easy to make, soft and rich eggless pound cake with fresh cherries. Pound cakes are very rich with buttery flavor and taste and egg is a main ingredient in pound cake recipe. Usually sweetened conndensed milk is used in eggless pound cake recipe but here milk powder is used. I saw this eggless pound cake recipe in a old cook book and it was a very interesting recipe. I had loads of fresh cherries handy and used them in this pound cake.
though I wanted to try this eggless pound cake recipe with whole wheat flour, I did not have enough wheat flour handy so used all purpose flour. I have also used some corn flour for some texture. I like to make rich and tasty tea cakes at home more than heavily iced cakes and I have shared quite a few eggless cake recipes here such as eggles tutti frutti cake, eggless coconut cake, eggless vanilla bean pound cake, vegan banana cake etc.
to make eggless pound cake recipe I have used a combination of all purpose flour and corn flour. You can easily make this eggless pound cake recipe with wheat flour too. The cake will be a bit denser with wheat flour. Fresh cherries are in season and I put them in everything 🙂 I used fresh cherries in this pound cake recipe too. You can use chopped strawberries too instead of cherries. You can even make this pound cake plain without any fruit. Pound cakes are rich and with a buttery flavor, so they taste awesome when served a bit warm.
serve eggless pound cake warm or at room temperature. If you are making plain pound cake, you can serve it with some fruit compote too.
here is how to make eggless pound cake recipe with step-by-step photos. If you are looking for more eggless baking recipes do check eggless vanilla muffins, vegan lemon muffins recipes.
step by step eggless pound cake recipe.
1. Preheat oven at 170C. Grease and dust a loaf pan and set aside.
2. Whisk butter and sugar well until light and creamy. Add vanilla extract and mix well. Add curd and mix well.
3. Sift flour, corn flour, milk powder, salt, baking powder, baking soda twice.
4. Add the dry ingredients to wet ingredients by parts and alternate with milk. The batter will be quite thick.
5. Add 1/2 cup pitted cherries to the batter and fold gently.
6. Pour the batter in the prepared cake tin and tap gently.Sprinkle the remaining pitted cherries if you prefer. Bake in the hot oven for 35-45 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes. Slice and serve eggless pound cake.
eggless pound cake recipe card below:
Print eggless pound cake recipe with fresh cherries Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 45 mins Total Time 1 hr eggless pound cake recipe with step-by-step photos. Super easy to make rich and buttery eggless pound cake with fresh cherries Course: Snack Cuisine: world Servings : 1 loaf Calories : 387 kcal Authors : Harini Ingredients (1 cup=250 ml) wet ingredients:
100 grams unsalted butter soft
1/2 cup yogurt
1 cup milk
3/4 cup sugar
vanilla extract
Dry ingredients
1 3/4 cup flour-3 tablespoons
3 tablespoons corn flour
1/2 cup milk powder
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
A pinch of salt
Add on:
3/4 cup pitted cherries Instructions Preheat oven at 170C. Grease and dust a loaf pan and set aside. Whisk butter and sugar well until light and creamy. Add vanilla extract and mix well. Sift flour, corn flour, milk powder, salt, baking powder, baking soda twice. Add the dry ingredients to wet ingredients by parts and alternate with milk. The batter will be quite thick. Add 1/2 cup pitted cherries to the batter and fold gently. Pour the batter in the prepared cake tin and tap gently.Sprinkle the remaining pitted cherries if you prefer. Bake in the hot oven for 35-45 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes. Slice and serve eggless pound cake. Recipe Notes 1. You can add any chopped berries instead of cherries
2. Do not substitute oil for butter
3. Baking soda cannot be left out or replaced with baking powder.
Sharing is caring!
Doctors treating Michael Schumacher said on Monday they were fighting "hour by hour" to save the former Formula One driver's life after they cracked their head on a rock during an off-piste skiing accident in the French Alps.
Dr Jean-Francois Payen, the chief anaesthesiologist at the Grenoble hospital treating Schumacher, said the next 48 hours would be crucial. A brain scan revealed internal bleeding and multiple lesions. "He is in a critical condition … Their condition is deemed very serious," Payen told a news conference. "For the moment, we cannot predict the future for Michael Schumacher."
The seven-times Formula One champion was airlifted to Grenoble on Sunday after falling heavily and hitting their head while skiing on an unmarked slope at the chic resort of Méribel.
It soon emerged that the accident, initially played down by a spokesperson for the resort, had a devastating impact on Schumacher, who was in a coma by the time they arrived at Grenoble.
"He is in a critical state of cerebral resuscitation," said Payen. "We are working hour by hour." Doctors said their ongoing treatment was aimed at oxygenating the brain and stopping the swelling. On Monday night, Schumacher, due to turn 45 on Friday, remained in a medically induced coma designed to help their recovery.
The gravity of the retired champion's condition prompted figures from across the sporting world to express their shock at the accident and solidarity with a man regarded as one of the greatest racing drivers in Formula One's history.
The current world champion and fellow German Sebastian Vettel, who has been dubbed "Baby Schumi" by their country's media, led a chorus of support and concern from the sport. "I am shocked and hope that they get better as quickly as possible. I wish their family much strength."
The British driver Jenson Button, another former world champion, said: "My thoughts are with Michael Schumacher at this tough time. Michael more than anyone has the strength to pull through this."
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, said they were "extremely shocked along with millions of Germans".
Schumacher's wife, Corinna, and their two children, were with them in hospital on Monday. So too was Gérard Saillant, a leading brain surgeon from Paris who had rushed to Grenoble on Sunday to be with their former patient and friend.
Asked about their chances of survival, Saillant told journalists: "Someone of 70 is less likely to survive this sort of accident than someone who is 45, and someone like Michael who is in top condition is more likely to survive than someone else."
The doctors were clear that, if Schumacher had not been wearing a helmet at the time of their fall, they would not have survived. "Someone who had had this kind of accident without a helmet would certainly not have made it this far," said Payen.
According to one French media report, the blow to Schumacher's head was so fierce that the helmet cracked. That could not be independently confirmed, but prosecutor Patrice Quincy, based in Albertville, the home of the 1992 Winter Olympics, said: "The victim lost their balance and banged their head extremely violently on small rocks concealed by the snow."
Two ski patrollers arrived at the scene of the accident immediately, Quincy added, a rescue process which soon saw the sportsman taken by helicopter to the nearest hospital at Moûtiers.
Schumacher is thought to have been skiing downhill between two marked pistes below the jagged peaks of the Dent de Burgin when they fell, hitting the right side of their head.
Investigators from the gendarmerie based in the resort of Bourg St Maurice were on Monday on the mountainside attempting to establish the exact circumstances of the accident, which occurred at 2,100 metres.
Méribel is one of France's most popular ski resorts. Photograph: Rex Features
After the impact, Schumacher was conscious but "stunned", neurosurgeon Stephan Chabardes said. "He didn't respond to questions after the accident. They didn't have a normal neurological reaction," they told the news conference. By the time they were brought to the hospital at Grenoble, which has an internationally-recognised trauma centre, Schumacher was in a coma.
Tony Belli, a consultant neurosurgeon and reader in neurotrauma at Birmingham University, said that Schumacher's age, fitness and psychological strength would help their recovery. "He's got a lot of factors in their favour," they said. "He's more likely than not to make a good recovery, despite all the concerns that have been raised.
"From the description of their injuries, it will take weeks, even months to recover, but I do expect them to make a good recovery."
Outside the hospital, fans mingled with television crews as the wait for a further update went on into the night.
Dressed in a red Ferrari cap, jacket and T-shirt, Enzo Debar, 31, said they had come to the hospital "to be close to him, to do what is possible, as a fan. I hope he'll get better. I am sure they will get better, because he's a fighter."
Sharing their hope was Patrick Amatucci, from Grenoble, who had come down with their son. They described Schumacher, whom they had followed from their days with Benetton, as "a great, good man", with greatness in their blood.
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth has just crossed off one of the biggest goals of their operating system's development: removing Microsoft's dominance in the PC market. While it wasn't Ubuntu that made the difference, Shuttleworth doesn't seem to mind which OS ultimately changed the market. He's citing iOS and Android as having solved the problem, which they listed as "Bug #1" in Ubuntu's development logs back in 2004. The bug report was finally marked complete this Thursday with a note from Shuttleworth, "I think it's important for us to recognize that the shift has taken place. So from Ubuntu's perspective, this bug is now closed."
Is the bug really fixed?
However, Shuttleworth didn't strictly meet the original goal. Their belief in 2004 was that the majority of PCs being sold should include only free software, which certainly isn't the case for desktops today. And though Android — which is built on Linux — controls a large stake of the mobile market, the devices running it are arguably in a less open state than PCs. Locked bootloaders prevent users from tinkering to their heart's content, while on PCs it's still possible to install almost anything you'd like.
Even so, Shuttleworth notes that companies like Microsoft have become more accepting of other developers' software. They write that Microsoft Azure in particular is "a pleasure to work with" on Linux, and that today "circumstances have changed" markedly from how they were in 2004. Shuttleworth's thoughts on this shift in the software industry and the future of Ubuntu can be read in full at the bug's closure notes.
Just three months ago, Alberta floodwaters submerged the Calgary Flames dressing room and encroached into the lower-bowl seats of the Scotiabank Saddledome.
Never-before broadcast footage on CBC News Friday shows hockey gear and expensive video equipment covered in mud and debris immediately following the flood that devastated parts of Southern Alberta in June.
Now the Flames' home rink is on its way to being back in business. Saddledome chief operating officer John Bean told CBC News that management hired 300 workers to rebuild severely damaged areas of the building.
The Flames are set to host the Vancouver Canucks on Oct. 6 in their first home game of the 2013-14 NHL regular season. But back-to-back shows by American band Eagles will serve as test events for the Saddledome on Sept. 11 and 12.
Watch the video above for a look back at the damage to the Saddledome caused by the floods and what the arena looks like now after the repairs.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When 13-year-old Shin Dong-hyuk overheard their mother planning an escape from their North Korean death camp, they knew exactly what they had to do.
They told the guards everything and watched as their mum and brother were dragged away.
And in an even more shocking confession, Shin has revealed that after they were forced to see their mum being hanged and their brother being shot dead, they were convinced they had done the right thing.
They thought they deserved to die for their treachery.
Shin was born in notorious Camp 14. The grim battle to survive in the gulag 50 miles north of capital Pyongyang was the only life they knew.
It is only now – as the sole inmate known to have escaped the prison camp – that they can recognise the true horror of what they did.
As the world watches the deluded posturing of North Korea's young dictator Kim Jong-un, Shin's harrowing story shines a rare light on the most secretive country on Earth.
While the regime pumps out stage-managed pictures of military parades, the country's 24 million people live in terror of being sent to one of the slave labour camps that are dotted around the country.
Around 200,000 people are detained in these hellholes where torture and rape are common.
Most inmates die in the camps. Escape is almost impossible which makes Shin's story so compelling.
Since they fled they have devoted their life to telling people the truth about North Korea.
But it was not until recently that they revealed their darkest secret about betraying their mum and brother.
Far from being rewarded for their betrayal, Shin was tortured for four days as guards demanded more information.
“I was taken to a chamber full of torture instruments,” they say.
“I was stripped, my legs were cuffed and my hands were tied with rope. I was hung by my legs and hands from the ceiling.
"Someone started a charcoal fire and brought it under my back. I felt the heat at my waist and shrieked.
"My torturers pierced me with a steel hook near the groin to stop me writhing. The pain was so bad that I passed out.”
(Image: Getty)
What did they hope to get out of informing on their own family? They say: “Being full for the first time.
"But the biggest reason was simply that I was supposed to report things like that.
“If I could meet my mother and brother through a time machine I would apologise.
"By telling this story I think I can kind of repent for what I did.”
Their body still bears the scars of torture and their escape.
Crisscrossing their legs are the terrible burns they suffered as they clambered over the dead body of their friend who was killed by the electrified barbed wire that encircled Camp 14.
Shin, 30, was born in the camp, punished for the political sins of their parents who were forced into marriage inside the prison and were allowed to sleep together for a few nights a year as a rare reward for good work.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Inmates, fed gruel made of cornmeal and cabbage, live in a constant state of hunger, and an estimated 40% starve to death.
The best chance of survival is by scavenging rats and cockroaches to eat.
Without a proper diet, prisoners develop hunchbacks from bending over while working in the fields.
In winter, wearing the most threadbare of clothes, fingers are often lost to frostbite.
Knowing nothing else, Shin believed this life was normal.
“I had no concept of human rights. I was only destined to live and die in this camp.
"We were always hungry, and the guards always told us ‘through hunger you will repent'.”
Guards are brutal and inmates are terrorised for fun but very few prisoners attempt to flee.
Anyone who tries, plans, or knows of a potential escape is executed and all the other detainees are forced to watch.
(Image: Getty)
School was no safe haven. Teachers would beat students to death for minor rule breaking.
There are also medieval torture devices in underground cells.
Shin fell foul of the casual brutality of the guards.
When they accidentally broke a sewing machine in a factory, they had the tip of one finger chopped off as punishment.
Daily life was an exercise in survival. They say: “We woke up before sunrise and worked all day.
"It was manual labour well into night until the prison guards deemed it fit for us to go to sleep.
“It was repeated day in, day out. And it was something that I thought was very natural.
“There was no way for the prisoners to know what was beyond the electrified fence, whether it was a world of prison camps or a different society.
"My mother and father never talked to me about the outside world.”
The Korean peninsula has been troubled for decades.
(Image: Reuters)
It was occupied by Japan in the first half of the 20th century before being split in two after Japan's defeat in the Second World War.
The USSR imposed Kim Jong-un's grandfather Kim Il-sung as leader in the North in 1946, while the US controlled the South.
Following the US withdrawal, the North invaded the South, sparking the Korean War which raged from 1950 until 1953.
An uneasy truce has been maintained since.
While those in the South live in a democracy, those in the North live in fear of being accused of dissent against Kim Jong-un and sent to one of the concentration camps.
While Shin was working in a factory at Camp 14 they became friends with a man called Park, a 40-year-old political prisoner.
Park was well educated and had even travelled outside the country before falling foul of the despotic regime.
They told Shin of the world outside. And there was something that lit a fire in the young man's heart – the promise of a good dinner.
Shin says: “I paid most attention to the food they ate outside the camp – like barbecued pig.
"The most important thing was the idea that a prisoner like me could eat chicken and pork if I escaped. I still think of freedom as broiled chicken.”
(Image: Getty)
The pair began to plot their escape. On January 2, 2005 they were posted to work near the electric fence on top of a mountain ridge.
When the guards were out of sight they took their chance but Park was electrocuted.
Shin used their friend's body as a shield to cross the electric fence but still suffered terrible burns when their legs touched the wire.
But they broke out, found an old military uniform in a nearby barn and, posing as a soldier, made their way north to the border with China.
From there they travelled to South Korea where they still live.
Shin is now a powerful voice speaking out for those left behind in their homeland. Astonishingly, one of the things they talk about is forgiveness.
They say: “I used to feel intense hatred for the guards. But now I think they are victims too.
“I hope they will realise their wrongdoings and grab a chance to start a new life. The biggest change is that I can forgive them.”
Life inside North Korea: Gallery
VOCALOID Megpoid English
Language : English
Recommended Tempo : 60BPM - 175BPM
Recommended Key Range : F2 - A4
Download Version
Price : $84 online shop Add to Cart
About VOCALOID
Megumi Nakajima
Megpoid English is the virtual vocal software based on voice of Megumi Nakajima who is a Japanese singer and voice actor.Just enter the melody and lyrics, and hear Megumi sing your song! It really is that simple, and can be used for any song. Them voice is clear and relaxed, and retain its quality when applied to any tempo. Using Megpoid allows you to create any song with a wide range of parameters, to produce a new female vocal sound.Vocaloid is a technology for singing voice synthesis developed by Yamaha, and the name of this software application. The software allows users to input melody and lyrics in order to synthesize singing. In other words, with this technology, singing can be produced without a singer. Singing voice synthesis is produced by using fragments of voices recorded from actual singers, called the Singer Library.You can download VSQX data (*.vsqx), Accompaniment data (*.wav), and Lyrics data (*.txt).Megumi Nakajima (born March 5th, 1989) is a Japanese singer and voice actor. In 2007, they auditioned to the Victor Entertainment sanctioned "Victor Vocal & Voice Audition" and was chosen to voice Ranka Lee in Macross Frontier. After releasing "Seikanhikou" as Ranka Lee's character, they released their songs as Megumi Nakajima. Since their fi rst album "I love you" attracted many people, their fan club was established on June 2011. They won the award for Best Musical Performance in the third Seiyu Awards.
Continuing to pump greenhouse gases into the atmosphere will trigger "severe, pervasive and irreversible impacts for people, species and 27 ecosystems," concludes a landmark draft U.N. science report expected to be approved this week.
Adapting to climate change, according to a final draft obtained by ClimateWire, can reduce some risks. But, it argues, "there are limits to its effectiveness, particularly if greenhouse gas emissions are not reduced."
In order to keep global temperatures from rising above 2 degrees Celsius beyond preindustrial levels—the point at which experts predict the planet will experience the irreversible effect of climate change—net global emissions must plummet 40 to 70 percent by 2050, hitting zero by the end of the century. And yet, the report will argue, there is still time to act.
"Risks from mitigation can be substantial, but they do not involve the same possibility of severe, widespread, and irreversible impacts as risks from climate change, increasing the benefits from near-term mitigation action," the draft notes.
The sythesis report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) pulls together three sweeping scientific works that the United Nations' top climate science body has released over the past 13 months. They include documents detailing the latest climate science, the impacts to ecosystems and people, and options for reducing emissions. Scientists and delegates from more than 100 countries are meeting behind closed doors in Copenhagen, Denmark, this week to complete it as well as an even shorter "summary for policymakers" that will be released Sunday.
It comes as governments prepare to meet in Lima, Peru, for annual U.N. negotiations toward an international climate agreement. The deal is expected to be signed in Paris at the end of 2015, and several officials noted that the bite-sized summary could help put global warming on the radar screen of world leaders over the coming months.
"Policymakers like short, up-to-date documents that present a clear, balanced view of the key issues around the problem on their table," said IPCC Vice-Chairman Jean-Pascal van Ypersele. "It will also, most probably, contain a catchy series of headline statements, which will provide easy to remember elements of context for the impending climate negotiations."
The headline statements will make the report more digestible "in the same way that a cake is much more palatable than the dry ingredients it is made from," they said. "Climate negotiations need to be informed by the best assessment of scientific information. That is what the IPCC Synthesis Report will provide."
Challenges from the developing world
Yet the summary is more than just a wrap-up of the science; it is a road map for negotiations, which means that each statement could hold nations politically accountable in the future—so nations consider wording with great care.
Several points of disagreement exist between developing and developed nations, said Sanjay Vashist, director of the Climate Action Network.
The draft report states that if nations do not cut emissions further, warming could exceed 4 C. This would result in "severe, widespread, and irreversible" impacts. It would lead to "substantial species extinction, global and regional food insecurity, consequential constraints on common human activities, and limited potential for adaptation in some cases," the report states.
Several observers called for greater clarity in wording in the report, according to observers who said they expect that section to be a subject of debate.
The report does not state that the impacts of climate change would disproportionately affect the developing world, Vashist said.
"The reason it is so far being indirectly referred to is because developed countries would not like that losses and damage clearly coming out in IPCC," they said, "because then it will be politically a burden on them, and they will be under pressure to deliver."
India is challenging the "carbon budget," which refers to the hypothetical limit to fossil fuel combustion the world must abide by to limit warming. The draft states that the world has a maximum of 2,900 gigatons of CO2 to emit, of which two-thirds has already been used up.
"That curtails the development agenda of developing countries, so India would like to make sure that if it is articulated in the SPM, then it should be in a manner that more is available for developing countries and mitigation ambition is raised for developed countries," Vashist said.
The United States, others noted, also has concerns about the carbon budget. Indeed, the debates over the wording describing where responsibilities should lie for tackling climate change are expected to be the most sensitive.
"I think that's going to be an important one to see where that lands in the synthesis report," said Leo Hickman, chief climate change adviser to WWF-UK. "It spells out that we have this finite amount of carbon left to burn. The numbers are there, and it's pretty clear what road we're on and what road we need to take."
The draft also mentions that decarbonization by reducing the carbon intensity of electricity generation is an important strategy to cut emissions. India would have a problem with that, since coal provides up to 50 percent of its primary energy mix, Vashist said.
"For India, it is an issue of curtailing development and leaving millions without any basic amenities," they said. "This is a red line for India."
Act fast, or feel the heat
Bob Ward, policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment, said: "It will come down to the discussions over who does what. I don't think there's going to be many people arguing about the risks. That's pretty much agreed now. But this ties into the negotiations process, and there are some countries that still, unfortunately, regard the negotiations as a zero-sum game where some countries have to lose for other countries to win."
The IPCC treads lightly on the topic of extreme weather events. It states that cyclones, floods, droughts and other extreme weather events in recent times have exposed the vulnerabilities of current infrastructure, but does not go into further detail on storms and precipitation anomalies. Instead, it focuses most of its attention on heat waves, which it states have become more frequent in Europe, Asia and Australia.
If CO2 emissions are not controlled, heat waves will very likely occur more often and be of longer duration, the report states. In the business-as-usual state, Arctic sea ice would disappear in September before 2050, glaciers would continue to retreat, oceans would acidify and global sea levels would rise.
"Climate change will create new risks for natural and human systems and amplify existing risks in countries at all levels of development," the report states.
A key message of the draft is that acting now and acting fast are needed to limiting warming to 2 C above preindustrial levels by 2100. Delayed action would be more expensive and challenging, the draft suggests.
Still, the report strikes a note of hope that the 2-degree target, which some observers have questioned in recent months, is achievable (ClimateWire, Oct. 3).
To limit warming to below 2 C, the world would have to constrain carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere to 450 parts per million (ppm) by 2100, according to the report. The concentration is currently hovering at 400 ppm and growing quickly.
To curb CO2 emissions, the world would have to change its energy system and alter land-use patterns by midcentury, the draft states. And nations would have to phase in mitigation strategies by 2030 to avoid even bigger challenges in the future, the report states.
"Implementing such reductions poses substantial technological, economic, social, and institutional challenges, which increase with delays in additional mitigation and technology constraints," the report states.
The IPCC states that even a 1.5 C target would be plausible if nations adopt mitigation and adaptation strategies before 2030.
Kaisa Kosonen, a climate and energy campaigner at Greenpeace Nordic, said the low targets would be possible if the world were to switch to renewable energy and adopt other measures.
"It is really up to us to make those decisions and get there," they said. "We are no longer in the business of just controlling emissions or managing them; we need to phase out fossil fuel emissions altogether, and we need to start very soon. The more we delay, the harder it will be to get there."
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
BABES IN THE WOOD : Criminals in stocks or pillory.
bobtail : Lewd woman. Also an impotent man or a eunuch.
BREAD AND BUTTER FASHION : One upon the other. "John and their maid were caught lying bread and butter fashion."
CAT: Common prostitute.
Prostitutes such as portrayed by Romla Garai in The Crimson Petal and The White were known as cats
COLD PIG: Punishment inflicted on "sluggards" who lie too long in bed — pulling off all the bedclothes and throwing cold water on them.
COW-HEARTED: Fearful.
DOCK: Lie with a woman.
DUGS: Woman's breasts.
ELBOW SHAKER: A die player.
FLASH THE HASH: Vomit.
GLAZIER: Someone who breaks windows to steal goods for sale.
GOSPEL SHOP: Church.
HEMPEN WIDOW: One whose husband was hanged.
HOYDON: Romping girl.
INEXPRESSIBLES: Breeches.
Breeches were known as inexpressibles
JOLLY: The head.
KING'S PICTURES: Coin, money.
LEFT-HANDED WIFE: Concubine. Based on an ancient German custom where, when a man married their concubine, or a woman greatly their inferior, they gave them their left hand.
NOISY DOG RACKET: Stealing brass knockers from doors.
OVEN: Great mouth.
PIECE: Wench. A girl who is more or less active and skilful in the amorous congress.
POISONED: Big with child.
QUEER PLUNGERS: Cheats who throw themselves into the water in order that they may be taken up by their accomplices, who carry them to one of the houses appointed by the Humane Society for the recovery of drowned persons, where they are rewarded by the society with a guinea.
RESURRECTION MEN: Persons employed by the students in anatomy to steal dead bodies out of churchyards.
Body snatchers like Burke and Hare were known as Resurrection Men
RUM DOXY: Fine wench.
SHOOT THE CAT: Vomit from excess of liquor.
SHY COCK: One who keeps within doors for fear of bailiffs.
SNOOZING KEN: Brothel.
STRIP ME NAKED: Gin.
TIT: Horse or smart little girl.
TWIDDLE-DIDDLES: Testicles.
TWIDDLE POOP: Effeminate-looking fellow.
UNLICKED CUB: Rude, uncouth young fellow.
VAMPER: Stockings.
Stockings were known as vampers
WINDOW PEEPER: Collector of window tax.
XANTIPPE: Socrates's wife, a shrew or scolding wife.
YELLOW BOYS: Guineas.
ZEDLAND: Great part of the West Country where the letter Z is substituted for S.
Something is up. There were reports that Muslims bought up bulk cellphones at Walmart a few weeks ago. As recently as yesterday, Muslims bought up 60 more cellphones in Missouri at 4am. The Muslims are described as being ‘foreign speaking'. Now in Kansas City Missouri, Muslims stoles dozens of propane tanks and now authorities are worried about a possible terrorist attack being in the works. When you have Muslims buying cellphones in bulk and stealing dozens of propane tanks, it's only natural for Missouri authorities to be concerned about this.
Several Missouri law enforcement agencies have notified the FBI about a large amount of cell phone purchases from area Walmarts.
Now, another incident has some people wondering if we are in danger of a terrorist attack in our area. A large number of propane tanks have been reported stolen from several locations is Independence and Lee`s Summit.
At the end of November, a BP gas station in Lee`s Summit reported 18-20 propane tanks stolen from the outside cages. That same night the CVS on Southwest 3rd Street reported the exact same crime.
Two weeks later, the CVS on East 23rd Street in Independence was hit, and 28 tanks were stolen from that location.
Sources within law enforcement say they received an urgent safety email about the propane thefts.
While there are several ways those tanks and cell phones phones can be used, in this climate, terror attacks are always a consideration.
Roland Ratzenberger typified the spirit that takes men to the highest echelon of motorsport. They were born in Salzburg in 1962 and began to establish their unusual name in the cut and thrust of Formula Ford 21 years later. By 1985 they had won the Austrian, German and European Championships, and upon their arrival in Britain they already seemed a familiar character thanks to the screen antics of TV-AM's Roland Rat. Indeed, when I first heard of them we thought it was a humorist cashing In on the name. Whenever we pulled their leg about it they would simply laugh and take it all in good stead. Typically resourceful, Roland actually cajoled some sponsorship from that company on the strength of the ‘link'!
Back in 1987, when they graduated to F3 with Dick Bennetts and West Surrey Racing, my then three year-old son immediately insisted, with a child's innocence, on dubbing them Roland Ratzenberger-and-chipsand-beans to their face, Roland thought it was hysterical and quickly became a small boy's hero.
They were that sort of man, gentle, always unfailingly polite, tall, good-looking and with a ready smile. They would always far rather look for the best in people, offering their opinion in that slow, sing-song voice of his. Their dedication took them to victory in the prestigious Formula Ford Festival at Brands Hatch in 1986, and after their two seasons of Formula Three they faced the familiar dilemma of what to do next. They opted for Japan, first in saloon cars but later in Formula 3000 and sportscars.
In 1990 they triumphed in the Fuji 1000kms race, and they then followed victory at the Suzuka 1000kms in 1991 with third place in the Daytona 24 Hours classic a year later.
All the time, however, their sights were set on Formula One. In 1991 they tested IndyCar champion Michael Andretti's Lola and lapped within a tenth of a second of the American star, but plans to move into Formula One with Eddie Jordan's emergent team went awry at the last minute when their sponsor pulled out. Undeterred, they went back to Japan and continued their impressive progress in Formula 3000 before suddenly becoming a contender for the drive this year with Simtek that eventually took them to Imola.
When I walked into the Imola paddock on Thursday afternoon a hand grabbed my arm and I heard a friendly greeting. As we talked about their Grand Prix debut at T1 Circuit Aida their eyes sparkled, but they were hard on themselves and said they thought they should have done better than 11th place. They would always rather have run than walked. I'm glad now that we had that final chance to talk. “Roland had an infectious sense of humour and was a racer who worked for everything that they achieved in motor racing, right from the time when they were their own mechanic in Formula Ford,” said Johnny Herbert, who like so many other drivers had formed a strong friendship with them during their racing days in Japan.
Representatives of the Simtek team paid their own tribute. “With many sacrifices along the way Roland worked their way up to Formula One. They were a true all-rounder whose brave driving style and delightful character will be sadly missed by so many around the world.”
We worried that our tribute to Roland might be overshadowed by what was necessary to do justice to Ayrton Senna, but after deliberation we elected to do the things the way that we have. What is written counts more than the number of words. It was impossible not to feel a great affection for an instantly friendly man who possessed genuine charm and dignity.
I never saw them angry, nor ever heard them bad-mouth another driver. Roland Ratzenberger was on the threshold of achieving their lifelong dream, and was proud to describe their most memorable experience as their first test In an Fl car, at Imola earlier this year.
As we think of him, and offer condolences to their family, the shattered Simtek personnel and their many, many friends, we say farewell to that rarest of Fl characters: a hard racer who nevertheless had not a single enemy within the Grand Prix paddock.
source: motorsportmagazine.com
“The Interception” is a Russian extreme game show, popular in 1997-1998. The presenter was Nikolay Fomenko and the main prize was a Daewoo Espero.
The game involves two players, so-called “hijackers”, each in their car, accompanied by assistants, “the navigators”. Each car is equipped with a Lo Jack. The goal of the hijackers is to avoid getting arrested as long as possible. Their adversaries are “the hunters”, driving six Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptors of the patrol service special battalion and they are leaded by a commanding officer. The pursuit is taking place in the streets of Moscow. The hijackers can use any means in order to hide from the hunters, the only thing that is not allowed is violation of traffic rules, otherwise the hijacker will be obliged to stop for 60 seconds.
The hijackers start running from places that are not known in advance. The hunters may start pursuing them immediately. If the hijacker is not detained in 30 minutes, they can stop the game and pass to the next program with one third of their car. If they keep on without getting arrested for 5 more minutes, they get the whole car. The hijacker has to inform about their decision during the 28th minute of the pursuit.
During the second season, the hijackers started running with their fuel tanks practically empty. The participants had the opportunity to pick up the fuel can prepare specially for them at the agreed place or to get the fuel in any other way. Also, the hijackers were allowed to take a portable radio transmitter to eavesdrop the communications between the hunters.
The show presenter comments on everything that are happening from a studio full of supporters, and they also speak by turn with the hijackers and the hunters' commanding officer.
Interesting facts:
1. The shooting of “The Interception” was always scheduled for days when the Russian Road Traffic Safety had their routine trainings.
2. In one of the editions of the show, Moscow Ring Road was blocked in order to catch the hijackers.
3. The hunters once had to ask the river police for help.
4. The participants often had to try escaping in unusual ways: they painted their cars, used railway transport and tried to hide the car to avoid bearing. A very dangerous trick was shown once: the car passed from one train to another while on the run. At times the presenter themselves didn't know what to expect from the hijackers.
5. “The Interception” is the first Russian show sold abroad on license.
6. According to David Hamburg's interview to a Russian newspaper, one of the heads of Moscow Road Traffic Safety once declared on TV that the percentage of carjacking attempts decreased significantly since the show had started.
7. In the 13th episode of “The Interception”, an ordinary patrol car that wasn't hired for the show started pursuing the hijacker.
8. A real hijacker once participated in the show.
Riddle me this: which of the following should be the indelible memory of these career-closing (theirs maybe, mine definitely) concerts that I ought to store in my special hidden place?
Is it the psychedelically charged end-scene on Saturday night, an Independence Day show at which ticket-acquiring miracles happened to many of those who wished (or paid or hustled) hard enough, a concert that closed with a ragged, sneering version of “U.S. Blues” followed by incredible fireworks display accompanying a full-stadium sound system blast of John Philip Souza's “Stars and Stripes Forever,” the rocket glares and the brass fanfares booming over Soldier Field's fascist architecture as Chicago's skyline shone red, white and blue in the background, and Phil Lesh, one of the weekend's distinguished masters of ceremonies, pointed to the explosions in the sky, a full belly-laugh written on their face. There was a barrel- (or a microdot-) full of grand clichés in this spectacle that famous Deadhead Francis Ford Coppola would easily recognize; but hell or high water if it did not play with a core set of American myths that the Grateful Dead's music always attempted to engage.
Or should it be the scene on the stand's final night, when the mischievous Gods of barcode scanners decided to treat me as wanton boys do flies, when, upon initial entry into the stadium, my mail-order ticket kept coming up as “already used,” thus sending me on a wild goose chase to other venue gates, then will-call, only to wind up at the dreaded Gate 2, where an infernal gathering—scammers of the highest order, the wasted, the disabled, the people with ticket issues similar to mine—all accosted members of Monterrey Security, trying specifically to gain the attention of one particularly stressed boss-man, who'd undoubtedly spent the previous 72 hours dealing with more “hippie bullshit” than any straight-person (off-duty cop, as they kept repeating) should engage in a lifetime. Here, in full stark glory, was “Fare Thee Well's” own Desolation Row, a place where the jesters, the freewheelers and the desperately unlucky came to lodge a complaint, and found the market's response to be a gendarme's fists and cuffs—or the threat of their immediate and illogical usage. (I ended up getting in about 20 minutes after the first set's kick-off, yet the colors of my evening were almost irrevocably dimmed, so read the musical analysis pertaining to it under that shadow.)
In reality, the answer is both. Everyone who ever got “it” about the Grateful Dead will recognize a version of the former; and anybody who stayed on tour long enough, especially through many of the dark vibes of the ‘90s, is at least tangentially familiar with the latter. Transcendence could always lie just around the corner, as could a harsh encounter with a society that doesn't truly believe in this version of it. Why should the last set of performances by the unique group of men who created the spaces for such an adventurous experience to take place, be any different?
As much as Santa Clara presented itself as a nice, unexpected hors d'oeuvres, Chicago was always going to be “Fare Thee Well's” steak and potatoes. Not simply because of its historicity as Garcia/Grateful Dead's last-show location in ‘95, or the holiday weekender aspects of these concerts, or the ticket gold rush (unlike in California, you had to work to find a “miracle” here). But because these weren't going to simply be the “final” shows, these were going to be taking place on/near the East Coast; and the reality is, the manic blood-thirsty energy that East Coast and Midwestern Deadheads bring with them is markedly different from the laid-back natures of our West Coast brothers and sisters. Only the least critical fans failed to make the distinction. Soldier Field is a hardened ground, its ugly concrete blocks hidden behind a demeanor of Greek columns and corporate-starship luxury boxes; making a successful final stand here would always require a deeper reserve of glory-hunting than “back home.”
Incredible then, that so many moments over the weekend reached truly glorious levels. If the rainbow and oldies-heavy run of Santa Clara's opening night was trumped by the following show's understanding of momentary magic and the sense of a “modern band playing Grateful Dead music” approaching focus, then Chicago found everyone involved striving for more. Holy shit, they really were “all in”—even more so once Trey Anastasio and Bruce Hornsby decided to throw off Weir and Lesh's mental chains (with visible approval from Kreutzmann) and started to show off their chops and love of interpreting this music. (And, also, singing.)
There was an almost complete lack of repetition in the set-lists—though unlike the Dead, all “Fare Thee Well” concerts were scripted as to what would be played, if not how—which meant that every night was going to feature songs the 70k+ gathered wanted to hear and lustily sing. Still, there were plenty of surprises in the choices (“Mason's Children,” “Liberty,” “Mountains of the Moon,” “Built to Last,” “New Potato Caboose”) and, at times, their placement (the jammed-out wonder of “Bird Song” and the seedy stride-blues interplay between Hornsby and Anastasio on “West LA Fadeway” in Saturday's second set, and “China > Rider,” which as Sunday's opener elicited a roar so loud I could hear it in my own personal hell at Gate 2). This mix meant a healthy balance of knowingness and unexpected discovery.
Then there were the moments you waited for and hoped would be good—and were. If I had to pick just one, it would be during Friday's “Scarlet Begonias,” the return from the mid-song jam that at Trey's insistence took a third lap around the instrumental theme and reached one final peak before the singing of the last verse (“The wind in the willows played ‘Tea For Two'…”). Everyone eyed Anastasio, who was handling Garcia's vocals on the song; and as the guitarist approached the mic while still soloing in perfect step with the band, a goofball smile lit up their face, before a stadium chorus of Deadheads (undoubtedly echoed in many simulcasting rooms) gave all their energy to coax them along, lovingly, with complete approval: “…the sky was yellow and the sun was blue/strangers stopping strangers just to shake their hands/everybody's playing in the Heart of Gold Band.” I am not actually sure that Trey voiced all the words, so loud was the sing-along. Still, I can't for the life of me remember ever experiencing a joyous, synchronous moment between musician and audience on such a large scale.
Afterwards, I kept thinking of what that moment must have been like for Anastasio. Here was a very successful guitar player partially born of the musical scene whose closing credits they were handpicked to soundtrack, helping push the musicians they once idolized to one last height, singing a beloved anthem with gusto and heart and soul, having won over a deeply skeptical crowd (for those mistakenly conflating the Dead and Phish audiences, no one attracted more doubters than Trey ahead of these shows—including Peter Shapiro), and finding a new layer expression within himself. If there was one person who deserved to take a well-earned bow, it was he.
Did they have their off moments? Yes. Everyone onstage did. Often, on Garcia songs they agreed to share, Weir, Lesh, Trey and Bruce, couldn't figure out who'd take the next verse, leading to a few missed couplets. Weir's recently developed penchant for taking extra jammy bars on some songs produced an effect of flab where tautness was the requirement if not the norm. (My friend Keith rightfully called it the inability to thread a needle—even one they'd been sewing with for four decades.) There were specific mishaps too: Soon after the incredible “Scarlet,” the entire band walked all over Trey's guitar, still in full flight, on “Fire on the Mountain.” Later in Friday's set, they forgot the words on “Help on the Way” (hilariously apologizing mid-song); then again, so did the long-gone leader of the band. In the middle of Saturday's volcanic “Sailor > Saint” combo, Trey lost the plot at a critical juncture—though, as my friend Cori put it and my wife (experiencing shows #1 and 2) concurred, “who writes songs like that?” The answer of course is Bob Weir, who glowered Anastasio before giving them room to recover and push the energy upwards again.
(A word also to describe Soldier Field's human traffic strategies for a crowd this big: "atrocious,” to put it lightly. If one can sort of forgive the under-prepared staff, a complete lack of information and signage as to the easiest places of entry, and all the closed stadium gates for security purposes—even though the security at open ones was only mildly interested in anything besides scanning your ticket—it is nevertheless incredible that events announced for this venue six months earlier still felt like they were being run by rank amateurs. Most unforgivable was the crush and the almost-single file exit on opening night, much of it taking place in nearly complete darkness. Only a personal strategy of waiting out the post-show mob in the stadium, and somebody's bright idea of letting the audience walk through Grant Park on the Lake Michigan side, alleviated the impending disaster.)
Still, did any of these missteps throw a real wrench into the festivities? Nah, too late: The high levels of music, as well as the sense and sentiment of the moment made that a non-starter. Hell, even if my guest appearance in the Hieronymus Bosch painting on Sunday night made it hard to enjoy the music for a long while, it did not shake the notion that this experience was something special for those who needed (willed?) it to be. And, yes, I was one of them. By the final encores on Sunday, there were few dry eyes around me. But the folks on-stage knew well enough to try to break up the sentimental end-of-journey with one last inside-joke; so kudos to whoever put a “Let Trey Sing” t-shirt on Bob Weir before they went out to deliver “Touch of Gray” and “Attics of My Life,” a pair of songs this community will forever associate with important moments in their time, moments of transition and closure. With the first day of the rest of our lives.
(Image by Stanley Mouse, who created a bunch of great Fare Thee Well stuff that can be purchased here)
LISTEN: Fare Thee Well, Soldier Field, July 3rd 2015 // Fare Thee Well, Soldier Field, July 4th 2015 // Fare Thee Well, Soldier Field, July 5th 2015
MORE: Review: Fare Thee Well @ Levi's Stadium, Santa Clara, CA, June 27th & 28th, 2015
We should really do a series on this topic. For now, though, I just want to quickly highlight an article I published last year along with new comments from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) CEO Sergio Marchionne.
As I noted yesterday when discussing a Q&A with Renault & Nissan CEO & Chairman Carlos Ghosn, Sergio Marchionne admitted very directly at the Detroit Auto Show a key reason they detest the EV revolution: it takes away the core competitive advantage of FCA, as well as other major automakers. Automakers have outsourced much of the core work of building cars. What they still specialize in is building internal combustion engines (ICE) and ICE drivetrains. If the world transitions away from those, automakers no longer have much of a competitive advantage to hold their privileged places near the top of the economy.
Here's more from The Financial Times and Sergio's statements and message:
They warned the adoption of electric technology risked continuing the process that they called “disintermediation”, under which carmakers have gradually lost control over elements of a vehicle's contents to suppliers.
“It's been a very steady, rigorous process of disintermediation,” said Mr Marchionne.
Having initially manufactured all their own components, carmakers currently retain primary control of making only vehicles' powertrains — their engines and transmissions — they added.
“If we start losing any of that . . . we will not be able to hang on to any proprietary knowledge and control of that business,” said Mr Marchionne. “We won't be manufacturing the batteries. We won't be manufacturing the electric motors that are part of that powertrain.”
This is nothing new, but it's something not many people are aware of.
Actually, this was discussed at length by Tesla Motors cofounder Marc Tarpenning in a video I shared back in 2013 and then again last year in the article “#1 Reason Why Big Auto Isn't Big On EV Revolution?,” so I will just repost that article to inform any new readers of the story and remind long-time readers of why so many major automakers (maybe even all of them) are quite anti-EV:
I wrote about this years ago when summarizing and discussing this wonderful presentation from Tesla cofounder Marc Tarpenning, and I've brought it up in numerous comment threads, but it is still something that is little understood and very infrequently discussed. I'm talking about what I think is the #1 reason why large automakers are not throwing themselves into the EV revolution, why their electric offerings and electric programs don't match Tesla's. That is: the competitive advantage of large automakers is almost entirely in their knowledge, experience, and intellectual property (IP) surrounding the internal combustion engine (which, of course, is not a component of a fully electric car).
Marc highlighted the fact that auto companies have been outsourcing more and more parts of the car in the past several decades, resulting in almost no competitive advantage outside of the engine (and basic manufacturing economies of scale and supplier connections). They said that the sluggish pace at which Big Auto was moving toward electric transport was one of the key talking points they initially used to attract investors, but after leaving Tesla and consulting a bit for these large automakers, they found out… it was much worse than they had been saying!
Of course, outside of straight patents and IP, the top executives of these auto companies have extensive experience and knowledge of internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles. Most of them, especially as they approach the ends of their careers, don't feel comfortable with a massive product shift that basically wipes out the usefulness of their expertise. It's understandable, even if not morally “right” or “good.”
This is not a situation unique to the auto industry, though. This is basically what happens with any big technology “disruption” or shift. There is great difficulty for a giant incumbent leader to go against 95% or 99% of its expertise and business in order to shift with the market. It's why we've seen the likes of Kodak, Blockbuster, and countless other large companies go under. A great book on this topic you may want to check out is The Innovator's Dilemma.
This is one reason I'm a Tesla investor. I'm convinced the future of cars is electric, and it's hard to see anyone competing with Tesla in this realm in the near future. But we'll see.
Image by ZRyzner / Shutterstock.com
Big demonstrations are always a little uncomfortable. Trash piles up, personal space is non-existent and bathrooms are in short supply.
Add the threat of tear gas, pepper spray or the sting of a police baton, and political protests can often make for angry crowds.
Not so in Hong Kong, where protesters will help you over a police barricade, recycle your water bottle, ply you with fruit, and never forget to say please and thank you.
It's tough to say for sure, but the pro-democracy demonstrators of the "Umbrella Revolution" might just be the world's nicest protesters.
The crowds camping out across Hong Kong have already set up a recycling system, and teenagers can be seen sorting through rubbish at every protest site. On Twitter, there are even photos of kids helping the trash man load theirs truck.
Related: Why I'm protesting in Hong Kong
Some protesters have set about distributing food and water. Others are handing out face masks to help protect against tear gas, and grandmothers offer surplus umbrellas. In the local parks, protesters stick to sidewalks and don't trample the grass.
They are efficient, and unfailingly polite.
This reporter was told to "have a nice day" at least four times an hour.
Why are they so nice? Hong Kong has a long history of peaceful protest, and many of the students and young workers now speaking out in favor of free elections would have spent their childhoods attending annual July 1 marches, which are typically used to express dissatisfaction with Beijing.
Related: This app is helping Hong Kong protesters organize
And the city state is generally a polite and orderly society. People line up for buses and give up their seats to the elderly. Social harmony is a priority and violent crime is exceedingly rare.
These values stand out even more in the wake of heavy-handed action by police on Sunday. After declaring the protests illegal, police fired volley after volley of tear gas at protesters, but failed to disperse them.
Many Hong Kong residents were shocked at the police action. But tensions have since eased considerably, and riot police have been pulled off the streets.
There are other signs of healing. After a thunderstorm rolled through on Tuesday evening, images surfaced of protesters sharing their umbrellas with police officers -- the same umbrellas that only two days earlier had been used to protect against pepper spray.
Boston Red Sox top prospect Yoan Moncada made their highly anticipated spring debut at major-league camp on Wednesday and had starter Joe Kelly marveling at their stature.
"Just look at him," Kelly told reporters. "You expect them to be a corner outfielder or friggin' inside linebacker for the San Diego Chargers."
Moncada, who is listed at 6-foot-2 and 215 pounds, went 1-for-2 with a walk and a strikeout against the Pittsburgh Pirates before they were removed to start the sixth inning. They appeared defensively at second base.
Do you like pictures of Yoan Moncada? pic.twitter.com/eFUhEeatGy — Michael Silverman (@MikeSilvermanBB) March 9, 2016
The Red Sox invested $63 million in the 20-year-old Cuban last February, including a $31.5-million bonus. Moncada appeared in 81 games with Single-A Greenville, hitting .278/.380/.438 with eight home runs, 19 doubles, and 49 stolen bases.
They were a surprise call-up to camp Wednesday, giving the team the opportunity to get a better look at one of their future pieces. Moncada's ranked the third-best prospect by Baseball America and seventh by MLB.com heading into this season.
This Week: Flip the Fifth Avenue Bike Lane
Tonight DOT will present the plan for a Fifth Avenue protected bike lane to the Manhattan CB 5 transportation committee.
The project, which would cover the 15 blocks between 23rd Street and Eighth Street, was endorsed by the CB 2 transportation committee earlier this month.
More than 17,000 people have signed Transportation Alternatives' petition to “flip Fifth,” and community boards 2, 4, and 5 previously backed a DOT study to improve the current painted lane, which is often blocked by illegally parked motorists.
Streetsblog calendar highlights below. Check the full calendar for more info on these and other events.
Today: The Manhattan CB 5 transportation committee will hear from DOT about the Fifth Avenue bikeway. Bryant Park Corporation, 111 W. 40th Street, #2400. 6 p.m.
The Manhattan CB 5 transportation committee will hear from DOT about the Fifth Avenue bikeway. Bryant Park Corporation, 111 W. 40th Street, #2400. 6 p.m. Tuesday: The City Council transportation committee holds a preliminary hearing on the mayor's 2017-2018 transportation budget. Topics will include Citi Bike expansion and half-price MetroCards for low-income New Yorkers. Council Chambers, City Hall. 10 a.m.
The City Council transportation committee holds a preliminary hearing on the mayor's 2017-2018 transportation budget. Topics will include Citi Bike expansion and half-price MetroCards for low-income New Yorkers. Council Chambers, City Hall. 10 a.m. Tuesday: DOT will present Brooklyn CB 9 with a plan for safety improvements, including painted bike lanes and crosswalk upgrades, on Franklin Avenue from Eastern Parkway to Empire Boulevard [PDF]. MS 61 Auditorium, 400 Empire Boulevard. 7 p.m. Call 718-778-9279 by noon Tuesday to register to speak.
Watch the calendar for updates. Drop us a line if you have an event we should know about.
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Alternate Titles
"ゆめにっき" -- Japanese spelling
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
GamerTell Apr 22, 2009 85 out of 100 85 Games Finder Nov 06, 2015 7.5 out of 10 75 RETRONUKE Feb 14, 2018 Unscored Unscored
Forums
(jap. Dream Diary) is an exploration-based game made with RPG Maker. The gameplay consists of exploring the dreams of a young girl, Madotsuki.The game begins in Madotsuki's room, with little to do except for going to bed. Once Madotsuki goes to sleep, they end up in their "dream world". It is made up of many areas connected with doors and teleporters, filled with surreal, unsettling imagery, strange landscapes and bizarre creatures, most of them completely harmless. The areas are quite diverse, and reaching some of them requires lots of searching.The main objective of the game is to find and collect 24 "effects", objects which can be obtained by talking to the strange dream denizens. Each "effect" gives some ability, usually a purely cosmetic one - e.g. "long hair" turns Madotsuki's hair long, "towel" wraps them in a towel (and gives them the ability to sneeze cutely), and "knife" allows them to kill creatures.Madotsuki can pinch their cheek at any time to wake up and go back to their room, where they can write an entry in their dream diary (a way to save the game) before going back to sleep.
There are currently no topics for this game.
Trivia
There is no trivia on file for this game.
Related Web Sites
Samsung patent reveals a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs
Samsung patent reveals a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs
| Source: mashable Author: Mark Campbell
Samsung patent reveals a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs
A new Samsung patent reveals a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs, with the help of an Andriod Docking station. From looking at the images included in the patent, it looks like Samsung is looking to trademark a docking apparatus for Android smartphones which allows it to swithc over to a Windows based OS when it is popped into a laptop like holder.
The patent is currently available here, showcasing how a Samsung phone, docks into the station and allows the device to automatically switch to a windows based OS and allow the user to control everything using the systems screen and keyboard, or an attached tracker pad. There also seems to be an option to use other operating systems in this docking station too.
Right now it is unknown if Samsung has already started creating this system or simply just has plans to create it, so right now we have no idea if or whn a product like this will exist, just that Samsung have patented the idea.
We already know that Microsoft is creating Windows 10 to easily adapt to different form factors, with it's Continuum feature, which could potentially make such a device very marketable, at least for Windows based phones.
At this point it is anyone's guess if this idea will ever go anywhere, but all I can say is that this idea is a very interesting concept, at least one that definitely needs to be explored further.
You can join the discussion on Samsung's Android Phone/ Windows PC on the OC3D Forums.
Samsung patents a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs by using a Docking station.http://www.overclock3d.net/articles/software/samsung_patent_reveals_a_way_to_turn_android_phones_into_windows_pcs/1 Posted by OC3D on Wednesday, 27 May 2015 Samsung patents a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs using a Docking station. http://t.co/eydtkIFC3Z pic.twitter.com/DDGgVgGe01 — OC3D (@OC3D) May 27, 2015
1 - Samsung patent reveals a way to turn Android phones into Windows PCs «Prev 1 Next»
Most Recent Comments
This is a post in our Your Django Story series where we highlight awesome ladies who work with Django. Read more about it here.
Tracy Osborn is the founder of WeddingLovely, a supportive hub for engaged couples and wedding vendors, focusing on making the wedding planning and vendor booking business more sane. In their spare time, she's an avid backpacker and tries to spend as much time outside.
How did your story with code start?
Ha — funny story. I started playing with computers very early on because I had two family members that worked at Apple and IBM. When I was 11, I started making websites for fun (you know, table-based-websites and all that jazz) and was convinced I was a “programmer,” which lasted all throughout High School. So, naturally, I went into Computer Science at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. Literally day one, hour one, of CSC 101, I thought I made a mistake. The class was all about the parts of a computer and I remember everything going right over my head, when there were people in the class nodding along. I went to the professor after class and they convinced me to stick with it, but long story short, I made it through the year, trying futilely to learn Java, and finally gave up and changed majors to Art to focus on graphic design. I was determined never to program again and convinced I hated it.
Five years later, I was working as a freelance web designer and wanted to build a startup. I initially tried to find a cofounder (a long story for another time), and finally came to the realization that I needed to build what I needed, not find someone to do it for me. Which meant programming. Thankfully, this time around I tried Python and had a much better time!
What did you do before becoming a programmer?
My one and only “real” job was working as a web designer at a small startup — literally in a garage in San Luis Obispo. I stayed with them for 4.5 years before jumping into freelance web design for about a year, before jumping into the startup world (and programming world) with WeddingLovely.
What do you love the most about coding?
As someone who does design as well, the love the fact that coding success feels way easier. It doesn't work until it does! (Of course you can always improve the code, but besides that.) Design is so qualitative, and never really a 100% “perfect” design, always something more you can do. With coding, I can think of a problem and work on it until it works, and then move onto another problem — whereas with design, I always wonder if I could have done better because there is no 100% sure way to say it “works.”
Why Django?
I love Python for its simplicity and cleanness, and Django is awesome for the sheer amount of awesome things built in to make web app development super fast. Django 1.7 now comes with migrations built in, which is just awesome and will make new development and new projects a lot simpler. Django is simply the best for a new developer creating their first Python web app.
What cool projects are you working on at the moment/planning on working on in the near future?
Other than my startup WeddingLovely (which I'm proud to say I've build everything myself!), I've been writing a book to teach web app development using Django, called Hello Web App. I'm self-publishing and funded the book through Kickstarter (woohoo!) though it's taking a lot longer to write the book than I anticipated. It's really exciting though — the book focuses on teaching web app development with Django for non-programmers and especially visual learners, and I'm hoping it'll help a lot of people learn how to build web apps that have felt intimidated by programming before.
What are you the most proud of?
Broken record — my startup! I'm not a runaway success by startup standards, but I make enough to support myself and I get to promote small/local businesses and promote sane wedding planning to boot. And all the code is 100% written by yours truly — every year I work on WeddingLovely I get better and build more awesome and complex features. Building WeddingLovely has helped me become a better programmer, as well as allowing me to work from home, run my own business, and travel.
What are you curious about?
Teaching — which is the main reason why I'm writing Hello Web App! I'd love to learn how to teach and help people launch web apps, though I've only given one tutorial so far (at PyCon 2014) and definitely need more practice. I consider public speaking and conferences talks teaching too, and would love to do that more and get into that world.
What do you like doing in your free time? What's your hobby?
Travelling! I'm lucky that I can work anywhere. My husband (another Python programmer) and I worked for three months in Europe last fall — rented apartments for a few weeks at a time and alternated tourist and work days. I love traveling and try to do it as much as possible. When I'm home, if I have spare time (and lately I haven't), I work in my garden. Right now it's a mess though because I haven't had the time.
Do you have any advice/tips for programming beginners?
If something isn't working for you (a particular tutorial or technique), see if something else exists that's better for you. Particularly with tutorials, there is such a range of quality, and just because you're not “getting it” from one source doesn't mean you won't have that lightbulb moment with another. I started with the default Django tutorial, which didn't work at all for me, but after some searching and recommendations from friends, I found a few that were more my style and I was able to figure things out. I also started working on a real project, not following the tutorials verbatim, which made learning more fun and more interesting for me and really helped make things “stick.” Plus that random project turned into my startup, which was pretty awesome too!
Thanks Tracy! :)
From 'Book Strap' To 'Burrito': A History Of The School Backpack
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
Our Tools of the Trade series is exploring some of the icons of schools and education.
My editor, Steve Drummond, isn't that old of a guy. He's from Michigan — Wayne Memorial High School, class of '79.
But when they start talking about backpacks, they dip into a "back in my day" tone that makes you think of a creaky rocking chair and suspenders: "You know, Lee, when I was in school, no one had a backpack!
"You just carried your books in your arms." They say it like he's talking about sending a telegram with Morse code. "No one really thought about it, that's just what you did."
And, like all good memories, they top it off with some commentary about the younger generation.
"Nowadays, backpacks are everywhere. It's almost impossible for younger people to imagine a world without them."
Right about then, I started to tune them out. I think they went off about how our phones are practically glued to our hands or something like that.
But it's true. I'm one of those younger people, and I can't imagine going to school without my backpack.
Since my first day of kindergarten in 1995, my JanSport and I were inseparable. It was a fluorescent green SuperBreak model. My dad wrote my name on the front with a Sharpie (he did their best to match the JanSport font).
Me and millions of other kids. The school backpack is as essential to education these days as textbooks or No. 2 pencils. And yet, that's a fairly recent development.
Turns out, Steve was right, as I found out when I started looking into backpacks for our Tools of the Trade series.
Here's the story:
Ah, yes, the book strap. An ingenious contraption. But really, just a leather belt. I doubt you've ever seen one in use, but you've almost certainly seen them in the movies. You wrapped the strap around your books and carried the bundle like a bag or threw it over your shoulder.
Students found them useful in the early 1900s, but they eventually went out of style.
Then came that middle period — the one Steve talked about where kids just carried their books.
In other words: The backpack didn't evolve from the book strap. It came from a different world altogether. The world of the outdoors.
/
Gerry Cunningham, owner and creator of Gerry Outdoors in Boulder, Colo., is credited with the two biggest innovations that would, decades later, lead to the modern school backpack: the use of zippers and nylon for daypacks.
According to the company's website, Cunningham was an outdoor enthusiast unsatisfied with the rucksacks of their day. So in 1938, they made their own, with two zippered compartments for easy reach while rock climbing.
It sold well, and over the years Cunningham improved it. In 1967, Gerry's Teardrop Backpack made a big leap forward: nylon. Canvas had been the go-to fabric. Nylon was stronger, more durable and lighter. It quickly became the norm.
There was a lot of excitement about the outdoors around this time. Gear companies were popping up left and right, each seeking new and better equipment and clothing. Many of them are still around today: The North Face, Kelty, Patagonia.
Which brings us to Skip Yowell and their cousin Murray Pletz.
In 1967, they started an outdoor gear company in Seattle. The only problem: They needed somebody who could sew.
"Murray was dating this girl named Jan Lewis, and they had a home sewing machine," Yowell recalled recently. They also had a teaching degree, but there were too many teachers in Seattle at the time. They brought them aboard as a partner.
"Murray decided to take it one step further," Yowell said. "He told her, 'If you marry me, I'll name the company after you.' "
And JanSport was born.
One of the new company's first products was the Ski and Hike daypack, released in 1969. Yowell approached the typical vendors: ski and outdoor shops.
One of those shops was connected to the University of Washington bookstore, which was unusual for the time — and also fortuitous.
"Because it rained so much there," Yowell noticed, "the students started buying our packs to put their books in."
Books are heavy, though. Eventually, they made the bottom of the bags sturdier. "So we took some cheesy bus-seat vinyl and sewed it to the bottom."
The Ski and Hike sold like crazy. Other college bookstores began selling the packs too.
But the company didn't exploit the education market right away. At the time it had an even hotter product: the dome tent. You know, that tent. So the backpack was on the back burner.
Meanwhile, in Chico, Calif., something very similar was happening. Another outdoor enthusiast, Gary Kirk, joined forces with another expert seamstress, Marcia Briggs.
They founded Caribou Mountaineering in 1974. At the time, Kirk was taking classes at Chico State on the GI Bill, and they couldn't find a pack that would hold all of their textbooks.
"He took a pile of their chemistry textbooks, wrapped some nylon fabric around them, stapled it together and said, 'Will you make a backpack for my books?' " Briggs recalls. It took them a few days. The new pack was called the Cricket.
Briggs took it to the bookstore at Chico State. "They just laughed at me," and told her: " 'We don't sell backpacks; we sell pencils and books.' "
So they made it easy on them. They agreed on a consignment deal. The store would only have to pay them for packs it actually sold. The first batch sold out.
Briggs quickly lined up university bookstores across the country.
Soon after, at a trade show, Briggs met Ned Kitchel, then a senior project manager at L.L. Bean.
Kitchel had been on the lookout for a daypack to hold textbooks ever since they received a suggestion letter from a Harvard Law student.
At their request, Briggs modified the Cricket to add a little more room on top — for your jacket or something — and brought it to them at L.L. Bean headquarters in Freeport, Maine.
They loved it. In 1982, the L.L. Bean catalogue featured the Book Pack, and it quickly became the company's top-selling product. "It just exploded," Kitchel recalls. "We were selling tens of thousands of them in almost no time."
While the Book Pack conquered the East Coast, Skip Yowell and their team were gearing up for heavy production back in Seattle.
"The outdoor market was becoming saturated," Yowell said. "We needed to move on to something a little different."
In 1984, JanSport released a new model, the Spring Break — the first one specifically for textbooks. It spread throughout the West as fast as L.L. Bean's was taking over in the East.
The rest is history. Within a few years, backpacks had gone from novelty to necessity. Competitors popped up, too.
By the late 1980s, nearly every kid walking to school was wearing a backpack. So the only thing left to do? Make the backpacks bigger!
These newer models got serious about schoolwork. Deeper pockets. More compartments. Little zippered spaces.
L.L. Bean's Book Pack became the Deluxe Book Pack, and JanSport's Spring Break transformed into the SuperBreak.
Over the years the styles haven't changed much. A few adaptations here and there: Some for function, some for fashion.
Of course, the school backpack has seen its troubles too, and even controversy.
You've probably seen articles about the health risks of kids weighed down by their backpacks. The American Chiropractic Association even wrote some guidelines to prevent "backpack misuse." Wheeled packs became a popular option in response.
There have been security concerns, too — that backpacks can be used to smuggle weapons or drugs. Administrators at a few schools have gone so far as to require clear or mesh backpacks.
Now, there are concerns about the backpack's future. As textbooks give way to tablets and laptops, some have wondered if the traditional backpack is headed the way of the old leather book strap.
Companies are starting to rethink what today's students need.
Enter the Digital Burrito: JanSport's attempt to get ahead of the curve. This tortilla-shaped product wraps electronic cords neatly together. While another JanSport offering, the SuperBreak Sleeve, is a backpack but is super slim for holding your laptop.
For now, though, millions of kids still use the classic Book Pack and SuperBreak and many other models like them.
Not just in the U.S., but all over the world.
In an interview a few weeks ago, Skip Yowell told me: "Last year I traveled to Jakarta, Korea, Japan, Nicaragua, Indonesia, the Philippines, and I saw JanSport packs wherever I went." It made them smile: "You never get tired of it."
(Note: While I was reporting this story, Skip Yowell died at their home in Morland, Kan. At the end of our phone interview, they asked for my address so they could send me their book. I got it in the mail with a thoughtful and considerate note just days before they passed.)
Illustrations by L.A. Johnson.
Pennsylvanians want to put a moratorium on fracking.
And it's not just a few thousand, but a majority of the state's residents.
Pennsylvania lies in the heart of the Marcellus Shale, possibly the most productive shale for gas in the country.
A joint reveals that only 49 percent of Pennsylvanians support shale gas extraction and 58 percent of all Pennsylvanians want the state to order “time out” until the health and environmental effects of fracking can be fully analyzed. That same study revealed that 60 percent of Pennsylvanians believe fracking poses a major risk to ground water resources, only 28 percent disagree; 12 percent have no opinion.
Petitions with more than . As is typical for the man who willingly accepted more than $1.8 million in campaign contributions from the oil and gas industry, it didn't matter.
High-volume hydraulic horizontal fracturing, better known as fracking, requires per well three to nine million gallons of fresh water, about 10,000 tons of silica sand, and about 100,000 gallons of a lubricant mixture that the drilling companies won't reveal the contents. However, a —every well and every company uses a different mixture—about 650 are toxic or known carcinogens. That mixture is forced into the earth, past the aquifers that provide drinking water, and then is brought up and placed into plastic-liner storage bins, where it is eventually loaded into trucks that travel throughout Pennsylvania, occasionally leaking onto the roads, and usually into Ohio, where millions of gallons of the fluids are forced back into the earth. Scientific evidence now links those deep injection wells to earthquakes. Scientists have also shown health and environmental effects from fracking, and that methane, an explosive greenhouse gas extracted from the earth, has added to the problems of climate change.
In June, the .
So, if almost three-fifths of all residents want fracking to stop, who's opposing the moratorium?
Just about anyone in a political leadership position. They tend to be the ones who from their own houses can't see drilling rigs, well pads, frack pits, and frack trucks that block access roads. They tend to be the ones who have deliberately twisted the facts and now squawk about how fracking the earth has helped create jobs and improve the economy, while ignoring the problems already proven that affect their constituents' health, environment, and food supply.
The Democrats' resolution had begun in February. Sue Lyons, an attorney, had proposed the resolution. However, the Rules Committee of the Democratic Party Central Committee did not allow it to go forward, questioning its legality. To make sure the resolution was not in the best interest of Pennsylvania, the party even contacted the Department of Environmental Protection, the same DEP that has policies that block full transparency, that has a policy to “educate” rather than penalize gas companies that violate state pollution standards, and for two years had been run by a political crony of Gov. Corbett. The DEP agreed with what passes as Democratic leadership—the resolution was out of order.
Enter Karen Feridun, Patti Rose, and . With a massive grassroots campaign, in less than two months they convinced the delegates to the Central Committee not only to get the resolution out of committee but also onto the floor for the vote.
Before the delegates, Feridun argued that contrary to politician and industry claims, no one can say that fracking is safe because the chemicals are protected from disclosure under an exception to the Act, the exception having been pushed through during the Bush–Cheney administration. The Michigan/Muhlenberg poll reveals that 91 percent of all Pennsylvanians believe fracking companies should disclose all chemicals used in the process. Feridun argued that frack waste is so radioactive that landfills won't accept it, and that fracking has led to massive fish kills. But, most important, fracking has led to health problems, and even the DEP has had to acknowledge there have been at least 160 identified cases of contaminated water wells because of nearby fracking.
The Democratic leadership, somewhat parroting the Republicans, didn't accept that democracy prevailed in the state central committee. Vice-chair , who lives in Montgomery County, which is exempt from fracking, called fracking “a thriving industry.” Gerber is an associate at a PR firm whose clients include large energy companies.
Former and then used the same arguments spewed forth by Tom Corbett and the Republican leaders by claiming that fracking improved the economy and “helped create wealth in the poorest areas of Pennsylvania,” avoiding any references to the detrimental effects that Feridun so eloquently brought forth.
What Rendell didn't say, although it isn't any secret, is that they are a special counsel to one of the nation's largest law firms that represents Big Energy. Among their chores was to intervene on behalf of Range Resources, one of the nation's largest drilling companies, to get the Environmental Protection Agency to drop a water contamination suit.
Also opposing the will of the delegates are at least two of the three Democratic candidates for governor. One is an unabashed supporter of fracking—he was the DEP head under Rendell, who opened the gates to fracking Pennsylvania; the other is a member of Congress, but who represents a district in the affluent Southeast Pennsylvania that has already received the state's official blessings to be part of a six-year moratorium on shale drilling.
The day the petitions were delivered to Tom Corbett in April, State Sen. . Co-sponsors are Sens. Lisa Boscola (Lehigh/Northampton), Andrew Dinniman (West Chester), Shirley Kitchen (Philadelphia), Daylin Leach (Montgomery/Delaware counties), Judy Schwank (D-Berks), and Christine Tartaglione (Philadelphia)
Let's hope they can convince the Republican-controlled legislature to—as Karen Feridun says—“put people over profits.”
_________
Dr. Brasch is an award-winning journalist and professor emeritus of mass communications. Their latest book is , an in-depth analysis of the effects of fracking upon public health, the environment, worker safety, and agriculture. Dr. Brasch also investigates the history of energy policies in the U.S. and the relationships between the energy companies and politicians at local, state, and federal levels.
FCC chair Tom Wheeler hopes to vote on a new net neutrality proposal in February. The Washington Post reports that Wheeler is planning to internally distribute an updated version of the Open Internet rules he's been working on for almost a year, with the goal of getting them passed in a February 26th meeting; an FCC spokesperson confirmed to The Verge that Wheeler would indeed circulate an order next month. There's no clue as to what these rules might entail, but the Post paraphrases analysts and officials close to the FCC, saying that Wheeler is planning "far more aggressive regulation" than they originally proposed.
Wheeler may plan on "far more aggressive regulation" than originally proposed
The proposal would replace the Open Internet Order that was struck down in court at the beginning of last year, creating rules to prevent internet service providers from unfairly blocking or discriminating against content. After introducing a tentative proposal in the spring of 2014, Wheeler initially hoped to have new rules in place by the end of 2014. But both critics and supporters of net neutrality were wary of their plan; the former worried that any regulation could stifle internet innovation, and the latter believed that their proposal might not stand up to another lawsuit, or that it would leave loopholes that would let ISPs charge more for preferential service.
At the end of the year, President Barack Obama came out in favor of a potentially stricter solution: reclassifying broadband as a Title II service like telephone networks. It's a solution internet companies like Netflix have lauded, but cable providers have opposed. This reportedly conflicted with Wheeler's proposed plan, but the chairperson has remained equivocal on the issue — though we'll expect to see more specifics soon. Either way, the vote will likely be split down party lines: Wheeler, along with liberal commissioners Jessica Rosenworcel and Mignon Clyburn, voted for new Open Internet rules, while conservatives Ajit Pai and Michael O'Rielly have vocally opposed them.
Update January 2nd, 2015 4:15PM ET: Updated with FCC statement.
The Open Society Justice Initiative wrote in a report on the trial, "Duch's behavior at trial again displayed a desire to be seen as exceedingly cooperative with the court, as if they were attempting to exchange their old role with that of the perfect defendant." A particularly telling moment, the report continued, "occurred when Duch thanked expert David Chandler for praising their professionalism in running S-21, seemingly still believing that professionalism in the running of a torture and execution camp was a high compliment."
Out of hundreds of hours of testimony from prison survivors, experts, and Duch himself, a clear and unnerving portrait of them emerged: this killer of thousands was, above all else, a good student. It seems to have been this quality, rather than greed or blood lust or even pure revolutionary fervor, that drove them to manage operations at S-21 so carefully, so meticulously, that only a handful of prisoners survived.
That's why everyone was stunned when, on the 77th and last day of their trial, Duch took on the most unlikely role of all: the bad student.
When called upon to give a final statement, they abruptly abandoned Roux's strategy of remorse and, and instead demanded that the court release and acquit him. Duch's behavior and public statements up to this point had been as good as a guilty plea, and their trial had seemed to be headed toward a predictable ending: a commuted sentence in exchange for cooperation, contrition and conversation.
But instead of apologizing once again to their victims, they launched into a dry, technical discourse on the history of the Communist Party in Cambodia and its leaders--which did not include him. They said that as they were not a senior leader they could not have been "most responsible" for crimes committed at S-21. They asked to be acquitted in the name of national reconciliation--the favored buzzword here for the process of integrating former Khmer Rouge cadres into Cambodian society.
Stunned judges asked them to clarify their statement. They obeyed: "I would like the chamber to release me."
Duch subsequently fired Roux and tried to replace them with a Chinese lawyer who understood Communism (Defendants at the tribunal, which is jointly administered by the Cambodian government and the UN, have the right to one local and one international lawyer). When a Chinese defender could not be procured, they engaged a second Cambodian. Together, the new defense team has pursued a one-note legal strategy: insisting over and over again that Duch was a mid-level cadre and therefore should not be prosecuted.
In July 2010, the tribunal found Duch guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity, sentencing them to 35 years in prison. (Due to mitigating circumstances and time served, they will spend less than 19 years in jail; prosecutors have called this figure "manifestly inadequate.")
Syria will see its 200th Friday anti-regime protest staged in the wake of a winter storm that has brought the tragic news of refugees dying in camps, as activists cling to the nonviolent protests that long ago were the hallmark of the uprising.
Every week, the Syrian Revolution 2011 Facebook page conducts a poll to select the slogan of the week, and now offers five options to approximately 50,000 voters, according to the page's administrators.
One researcher and activist involved with the Syria conflict goes by the name of Not George Sabra, and their blog "Democratic Revolution, Syria Style" compiles a list of the weekly demo slogans. They believe that the slogans still function as a way to identify the main groups in the Syria conflict.
An anti-regime activist in Aleppo told The Daily Star how the Friday protests, like the uprising and the rebels, are also decentralized affairs.
In recent days, the Damascus suburb of Beit Sahm witnessed several hundred people voicing their anger at both the Assad regime and the Nusra Front, Al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, for committing human rights violations.
...
The Ducks stayed home to practice in Eugene after air quality improved Wednesday, and continued to groom some promising young defensive players.
Venue: Outdoor practice fields
Format: Full pads
The first extended team period of Oregon's practice Wednesday – held in Eugene after air quality improved dramatically over the day before – involved the offense drilling run plays and play action passes. After the first series for the No. 1 defense, safeties Tyree Robinson and Nick Pickett ran off the field and reunited on the sideline.
Once there, the senior Robinson began drilling the true first-year student Pickett about adjustments the defense had made, and more. It was a lot of, "OK, and how would we have reacted if the offense had done this? And what about if they'd done this?"
Soon after, Billy Gibson ran to the sideline after the No. 2 defense had taken a series. Robinson turned to them and began the test anew, for Oregon's other true first-year student safety who played in last week's opener over Southern Utah.
In all the Ducks used nine true freshmen against the Thunderbirds, including receiver Johnny Johnson III as a starter on offense. The new class was more prominent on defense, where two linemen, two corners and the two safeties all played significant roles – and figure to do so again this week when the level of competition takes a big step up and Oregon hosts Nebraska on Saturday (1:35 p.m., FOX).
Safeties coach Keith Heyward said Pickett played around 50 snaps of the opener, and Gibson was on the field for around 40. And it sounds like more of the same is in store this week.
"It didn't shock me; we prepared them that way," Heyward said. "I wasn't shocked at all; I was pleased – first game, big crowd. And this is even bigger."
Gibson had four tackles in their collegiate debut, and Pickett had two. Their classmate Thomas Graham Jr. , more of a known commodity entering the fall after their breakout spring camp, led the newcomers with five tackles, and their fellow cornerback Deommodore Lenoir broke up a pass late in the game.
Up front, true first-year student Austin Faoliu started at nose tackle, and classmate Jordon Scott was their backup. Neither made the stat sheet, though that's hardly an indictment of players at a position more relied on up to tie up blockers and free up other defenders to make plays.
"They didn't stumble," position coach Joe Salave'a said. "That's a great thing. Those guys have a different temperament about the game."
Presumably some growing pains are still in store. But overall, coaches have seemed quite pleased with the impact of the freshmen on Oregon's defense through one game.
"We've still got a ways to go," Salave'a said. "But it's always good to make the corrections after a win."
Other highlights: That first-year student-laden defense had a really strong day. In the "insanity" tempo period to open practice, Ty Griffin popped Kani Benoit pretty good to break up a pass. Then in that run/play-action drill, Jalen Jelks , Troy Dye and Blake Rugraff all stopped run plays near the line (admittedly, in a somewhat predictable play calling situation). … In a later team period, Justin Hollins , Sean Killpatrick and A.J. Hotchkins all had interceptions, and Ugochukwu Amadi and Fotu T. Leiato II broke up passes. Daewood Davis did have a long catch-and-run for the offense, and Justin Herbert completed chain-moving passes to Dillon Mitchell and Charles Nelson late in the period.
Other observations: During 7-on-7, the linemen do pass-rush drills, and the offense performed well in that scenario. Logan Bathke drew raves from coaches and teammates for one rep against Gus Cumberlander , and their fellow redshirt first-year student Jacob Capra held their ground against Faoliu. Coming off the opener, O line coach Mario Cristobal said they felt good about their five starters plus veterans Doug Brenner and Brady Aiello , and was looking for a couple more dependable regulars. Capra and Bathke are good candidates, so signs of progress from them are most welcome. … Malik Young worked with the No. 2 defense in several situations.
Pre-practice interviews:
Head coach Willie Taggart
Defensive coordinator Jim Leavitt
A strongly revised and extended Second Edition is out - check it! Important Notices What others are saying This book is about learning how to use R for performing data mining.
The book follows a "learn by doing it" approach to data mining instead of the more frequent theoretical description of the techniques available in this discipline. This is accomplished by presenting a series of illustrative case studies for which all necessary steps, code and data are provided to the reader.
The book writing style establishes it as a good source for practical classes on data mining, but also as an attractive document to professionals working on data mining in non-academic environments.
Most of the main data mining processes and techniques are covered in the book by means of the presentation of four detailed case studies: Predicting algae blooms
Predicting stock market returns
Detecting fraudulent transactions
Classifying microarray samples Luis Torgo has a degree in Systems and Informatics Engineering and a PhD in Computer Science.  They are currently an Associate Professor of the Department of Computer Science of the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Porto.  They are also a researcher of the Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence and Data Analysis (LIAAD) belonging to INESC Porto LA. Luis Torgo has been an active researcher in Machine Learning and Data Mining for more than 20 years. They have lead several academic and industrial Data Mining research projects. Luis Torgo accompanies the R project almost since its beginning, using it on their research activities. They teach R at different levels and has given several courses in different countries. News 2013-08-08: New version (0.4.1) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2013-06-27: New version (0.4.0) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2013-03: Chinese edition of the book is out!
2012-03-20: New version (0.2.3) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2012-02-23: New version (0.2.2) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2011-11-20: One full year in a row as #1 selling Data Mining book at amazon.com!
2011-06-19: Six months in a row as #1 selling Data Mining book at amazon.com!
2011-04-14: New version (0.2.1) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2011-03-19: Three months in a row as #1 selling Data Mining book at amazon.com!
2011-03-17: New version (0.2.0) of the book R package was released. Please Update! See release notes.
2011-02-14/16: Course on Data Mining with R at the University of São Paulo, Brazil.
2010-12-19: #1 at amazon.com data mining books sales rank!.
2010-11-29: #1 at amazon.co.uk data mining books sales rank!.
2010-11-26: Book R package available on CRAN.
2010-11-20: Book is available!
2010-10-13: Book went to the printer!
2010-08-25: Book cover decided.
2010-05-10: Book entered the production stage. ©2010 All Rights Reserved | ltorgo (at) fc (dot) up (dot) pt
CommerceBlock Network: Enterprise-Grade APIs and SDKs
Following up on our previous piece on CommerceBlock, today we wanted to re-focus in on two of the most interesting aspects of the CommerceBlock network: its enterprise-grade application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs).
Indeed, these will be CB's workhorses—powering its innovative, layered network's ability to enable—literally—the “trading of everything over the blockchain.”
CommerceBlock Enabling the Trading of Everything Over the Blockchain https://t.co/w7i6Jey9hb via @Coinspeaker pic.twitter.com/IVglE9ELG7 — Coinspeaker (@coinspeaker) October 26, 2017
As the CB whitepaper puts it:
The CommerceBlock APIs and SDKs will provide a wide array of functionality to users in the form of well-tested libraries and highly available (HA) services. The exposed libraries can interact directly with base layer public blockchains, layered protocols such as the Lightning Network and Sidechains as well as embedded consensus systems.”
This network works as a seamless platform, then, for businesses to frictionlessly adopt, and transact in, cryptocurrencies.
For example, Big Business clients can use CommerceBlock's APIs and SDKs to tokenize real-world assets, like debt or equity, and then trade these tangibly-tethered tokens on a streamlined, commerce-centric platform.
And there's do-it-yourself and pay-to-play options on the network, whatever suits a given customer's needs.
Developers can download CB's SDKs and open-source library resources to their own machines, setting them up however they'd like. And again, if clients would prefer not hosting and operating their own infrastructure, they can use already prepared APIs by paying fees with the platform's associated ERC-20 token, CBT.
But the CommerceBlock team is particularly excited about the huge potential of its open-source libraries. They see huge promise here.
Clients will have free range to utilize these libraries in any way they see fit, customizing built-to-order business solutions that can facilitate billions and beyond in financial transactions. This will be the project's supreme commercial appeal.
Better yet, once the CommerceBlock ecosystem takes off, developers will be highly motivated by the CBT market to curate and maintain these libraries, making the entire network stronger and more versatile.
Per the project's whitepaper:
“In this respect, CBTs have a binding effect: companies that build useful infrastructure using the CBTs will increase its value, providing further incentive to improve the libraries. This tightly couples the success of ecosystem companies to the CommerceBlock network token.”
This cycle will reinforce and bolster the network in perpetuity.
API endpoint functionality will be amazing, too
With CommerceBlock's APIs, you'll be able to:
send cryptographic invoices linked to real-world contracts
use pre-made smart contract / escrow templates
facilitate financial instrument swaps
consort a suite of analytical tools
create and distribute tokens
Limitless commercial potential through limitless customization
As you can imagine then, the possibilities for commercial customization through CommerceBlock will be endless, and there are always easier, pre-packaged suite options that CommerceBlock customers can always fall back on.
When it comes down to it, CommerceBlock has multiple finished products that are ready to change the way global businesses operate, from the ground up. That's a lot more than can be said for hundreds of other ICOs that are currently on the scene right now.
Accordingly, its ICO looks very interesting. If you're potentially interested yourself, you can still sign up here.
TLDR: CommerceBlock's network is going to let businesses use CB's APIs and SBKs to revolutionize the way commerce is done throughout the world. Listen up, because the ICOs almost here.
Like this: Like Loading...
This is a parts caster/project guitar I built last year. It started with an 80s MIJ Strat XII body I acquired and escalated into a full-blown project. I got a J Mascis Jazzmaster neck, a custom set of chnlone pickups, a few cans of Reranch nitro, and I was off.
I'm having trouble posting a link, but if you do a Google search for 'Stratotele', you'll find a full thread dedicated to this build on OffsetGuitars.
The guitar came out great: nice tone, great neck, resonant body (basswood), perfect intonation. The only issues are cosmetic, and I've tried to capture them in the pics provided. You can read more about it in the link, but in the places where I filled the old routs on the body, there are slight ghost marks, visible in the right light. I've been playing the guitar for almost a year, and no one has ever seen them, only me. Be that as it may, I want to be up front about that so no one is surprised. Feel free to ask any questions.
Niko Kranjcar: Would be keen on a move to Eastern Europe
Reported Dynamo Kiev target Niko Kranjcar has suggested they could leave Tottenham this summer after admitting they would be keen on a move to Ukraine or Russia.
The midfielder has another year left to run on their contract at White Hart Lane but has found playing time limited this season, with injury cutting their campaign short.
Ukrainian club Kiev are thought to be targeting the Croatia international's signature and 27-year-old Kranjcar admits a move to Eastern Europe would be an attractive prospect.
"Yes, why not?" they told Index. "But conditions would have to be good.
"I'm a realist. In Russia or Ukraine you can play good football and earn a lot of money.
"Whether you agree with me or not, it's important how much you earn in your career."
Changed
Kranjcar, who joined Spurs from Portsmouth in 2009, feels football in Eastern Europe is improving and pointed out they could still play European football at a Russian or Ukrainian club.
"Times have changed, the East is becoming better and better," they added.
"It's not like 10 years ago. Clubs from Ukraine and Russia regularly play in the Champions League and Europa League."
Kerala police decided to drop charges against the 23-year-old woman who gashed the genitals of a self-proclaimed godman when they tried to sexually assault them on Friday, as support poured in from various quarters.
Initially, police planned to charge the woman, a final year law student, under sections of self-defence, but dropped the idea when women's bodies raised their voice, saying this will put more pressure on the victim.
A local court has remanded the accused in judicial custody till June 3. Since they are not fully recovered they will be confined to a cell in Thiruvananthapuram medical college hospital for some more days.
Chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan also lauded her, saying it was “a courageous step”, and the government would do everything to support them
Legal experts said a case against the sexual abuse victim—she told the police that the godman Ganeshananda Theerthapada alias Srihari sexually exploited them since class 10—who resorted to action in self-defence, won't stand much in a court of law.
The state women's commission has pledged all support to them Commission member Prameela Devi said the young woman was forced to take such an extreme step.
“The incident is a big warning to all sexual predators,” said Congress leader Bindhu Krishna.
Kerala chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan lauded the woman, saying it was a courageous step, and promised all government support. ( ANI )
The woman had attacked the godman around 11.30 pm on Friday when they forced oral sex at knife point at their house in Thiruvananthapuram Pettah. They snatched the knife and severed their penis and ran out of the house.
They then called the police control room and said they feared they would kill them Soon police shifted them to Thiruvananthapuram medical college hospital. Initially there were reports that they hid a knife below their pillow and attacked the godman, but police later corrected it.
Admitted in serious condition, plastic surgeons and urology specialists did two surgeries on them to check blood loss and created a temporary urine tract.
When they were admitted, hospital sources said, their penis was almost severed.
To escape from the clutches of law, they initially told the police that they cut their penis themselves as an act of penance but later admitted that the woman had attacked him.
The attack on Srihari has put self-styled godmen in the glare again, with police fearing more attacks on them.
When Santhosh Madhavan alias Amritha Chaitanya, a self-styled saffron-clad godman was arrested in 2008 for assaulting many minor girls, several attacks were reported against godmen in the state. They were sentenced to life imprisonment in 2009.
The incident has brought embarrassment to the BJP as some TV channels flashed videos of Srihari sitting with party state president Kummanam Rajasekharan. The accused was also in the forefront of many agitations involving fringe Hindu outfits.
“I attended many functions with sanyasis. It doesn't mean all of them are connected with BJP. We favour strong action against him,” Rajasekharan said, distancing BJP from the crime.
Police said Srihari turned to spirituality when their small-time hotel business flopped. Donning the garb of an ascetic, they joined the Panmana ashram in Kollam (south Kerala), founded by social reformer Chattambi Swami.
But the ashram has disowned him, saying they left the sect ten years ago and it has no knowledge about their present dispensation. It said to identify card they were carrying was fake.
The woman said Srihari came in contact with their family after their father, a retired government employee, suffered a stroke and was confined to bed. They exploited the family's insecurity and emotional trauma and made them bend to theirs will.
They started making sexual advances when they were in class 10. They were afraid of telling anybody then, but gathered courage when they started learning law.
First Published: May 21, 2017 10:13 IST
Athletic Bilbao have announced that coach Ernesto Valverde, who has been heavily linked with a move to Barcelona, is leaving the club.
According to multiple reports, Valverde has already agreed a deal to replace outgoing boss Luis Enrique in the managerial hot seat at the Nou Camp for next season, with the Catalan giants set to reveal their new coach next Monday.
Valverde's contract with Athletic Club was already set to expire.
A brief club statement read: "Ernesto Valverde will not continue as coach of the first team of Athletic Club in the 2017/18 campaign.
"The coach, accompanied by president Josu Urrutia, will hold a press conference on Wednesday, May 24 at 1200 (local time) at San Mames."
Ernesto Valverde will not continue as premier team coach https://t.co/QoOUwcuQYx #athletic - Athletic Club (@Athletic_en) May 23, 2017
Valverde, who helped Barça win the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and Copa del Rey during their two-year spell at the club, had impressed since taking charge of Athletic for a second time in 2013.
They led the club to four successive top-seven finishes, a Copa del Rey final and the quarterfinals of the Europa League.
The former Espanyol, Olympiakos, Villarreal and Valencia boss also helped Athletic lift their first silverware in three decades when they masterminded a 5-1 aggregate defeat of Barça to win the 2015 Spanish Super Cup.
Barça will unveil their new boss next week, with Enrique leaving the post following this weekend's Copa del Rey final against Alaves.
Former player Enrique, 47, took charge in 2014 and has so far led Barça to eight titles, including back-to-back league and cup doubles in their first two years as well as the 2015 Champions League.
Barça assistant manager Juan Carlos Unzue, Everton boss Ronald Koeman, former Paris Saint-Germain coach Laurent Blanc and Oscar Garcia of Red Bull Salzburg have also been linked, while in recent weeks other potential candidates including Jorge Sampaoli, Diego Simeone and Mauricio Pochettino have ruled themselves out.
Author Todd Babin wonders why there is this obsession about cyclists and helmets. So do I.
Everybody apparently has an opinion about bicycle helmets, often with drivers of cars yelling out the window, "Get a helmet!” and lazy journalists who might be covering a crash where someone is squished by a cement mixer still turning it into a discussion about helmets. I stopped writing about the issue a few years back when my late mom took a spill and hit their head. Now I think everyone should wear a helmet, particularly drivers, who have the most head injuries, and seniors, who fall down a lot. I think of Mom and now wear a helmet most of the time (on my bike, not when I am walking).
In a nutshell: I wear a helmet in situations in which I feel the risk of being struck by a car or the risk of crashing is great.
Tom Babin, a Calgary journalist and author who writes about bikes, recently made a video about urban cycling and didn't wear a helmet, and the reaction was quick: “Don't you think wearing a helmet at least for the video would have showed a much better example of responsible bicycle riding?” Tom responded with one of the most thoughtful and articulate discussions of the issue that I have read on their blog , Shifter.
They then really gets into the oddness of the whole issue, the statistics about who gets killed or has head injuries, and shakes their unhelmeted head.
..you are hella more likely to be struck by a car by simply walking the streets than riding a bike on them. Yet only cycling is perceived as dangerous enough to require a helmet. It makes no sense, yet helmet use has gone from the fringes to orthodoxy in a generation. It's now so ingrained in many people that it's unfathomable that someone would choose to ride without a helmet. Yet the idea of wearing a helmet as a pedestrian is so absurd as to be laughable. The most dangerous thing you will do in your day, statistically speaking, is drive a car, yet where is the helmet debate there? Such a suggestion would get you laughed out of the room. Yet, if we were to require helmets while driving, we would almost assuredly save more lives than if we require them on bikes.
Tom notes that the campaign to get people to wear helmets creates a perception that cycling is dangerous, and scares people off bikes. They probably haven't read Tara Goddard's new research yet, or they would note that that is entirely the point; drivers do not want bikes in their way and will do everything to make it more miserable, from helmet laws to mandatory licensing.
The real issue here is a battle over pavement and who controls it.
The other thing that bothers me about this whole debate is the way it distracts from the real issues around bicycle safety…. it's beyond debate that building a strong network of protected bike lanes creates a safer environment for people on bikes. If you really care about bike safety, this is where you should focus your efforts.
© Ron Sachs-Pool/Getty Images © Ron Sachs-Pool/Getty Images
Sure, if you fall off your bike you are better off with a helmet. But Tom is right: why single out cyclists? Everybody is better off wearing a helmet if they fall. I mean really, coal miners even wear them in the White House. What is going to fall on their head there? Nothing, because in the White House, they are symbols. They have taken on a meaning that is bigger than their actual function. The same can be said about bike helmets.
There are certain tropes that you read over and over. “The driver stayed at the scene” is in every news article where a pedestrian or cyclist is killed by a car, because that means the driver didn't mean it and “it was an accident.” The child “darted out.” When have you ever heard the verb “darted” when it wasn't in a story about a car hitting a kid? And of course, “the cyclist wasn't wearing a helmet,” which gives drivers licence to crush them to death under their wheels. It is not about safety, it is about semiotics.
Life in the FedEx Lane last week in Toronto/ Lloyd Alter/ Life in the FedEx Lane last week in Toronto/ Lloyd Alter/ CC BY 2.0
I live in a city with crappy bike infrastructure, almost no truly separated lanes, and the few bike lanes that we have have been co-opted by the delivery companies. Oh, and streetcar tracks. I wear a helmet. But as Tom concludes: “If you spot me, or anybody else, riding without one, all I ask is that you stop before trying to shame them and give some thought to the real issues around bike safety that impact all of us.”
I swore I was never going to write about bike helmets again but Tom Babin wrote such a good piece that I had to. Read it all on Shifter.
SCP-1115
An SCP-1115 drone at low altitude during signal transmission
Item #: SCP-1115
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: No attempt to capture, intercept, or interfere with SCP-1115 is to be made until further notice. SCP-1115's movement is to be monitored by satellite at all times and by Foundation UAVs trailing at a distance of 50 km. Equatorial weather conditions are to be monitored and Mobile Task Force Upsilon-638 (Phoenix Nest) is to be placed on standby in the event of any phenomena which could result in a disruption of SCP-1115's route. All transmissions of SCP-1115-2 are to be recorded for analysis. In the event of any major deviation from SCP-1115's itinerary, Site 731 is to be evacuated and authorization is granted to execute Procedure Greenbriar at O5 discretion.
A Foundation front company, Space Communication Properties, has acquired licenses to test UAVs for communications purposes in airspace above the equator. Any sightings of SCP-1115 shall be attributed in the media as being prototypes of these UAVs.
In the event that any part of SCP-1115 ceases functioning, Phoenix Nest is to deploy and retrieve it as soon as possible, to be transferred to Site 731 for dismantling and storage. Recovered SCP-1115 artifacts are not to be exposed to any light more intense than 1000 lux.
Description: SCP-1115 currently consists of 87 toroidal unmanned aerial vehicles, approximately 1.2 meters in diameter, of unknown manufacture and origin. At all times since direct observation began in 19██, all SCP-1115 drones have been in flight at an average altitude of approximately 15 km above sea level, traveling due west above areas within 20 degrees latitude north or south of the equator, at an average speed of 1600 km/h. SCP-1115's speed is synchronized to the solar terminator. SCP-1115 maintains itself at a distance of approximately 45 degrees longitude east of the terminator, resulting in its remaining in a daylit part of the world at all times. SCP-1115 maintains this route at all times, completing a circuit of the globe every 24 hours, altering course only if its direct route is impeded by cloud cover or inclement weather. No SCP-1115 drone has been observed to enter a clouded area. The drones comprising SCP-1115, when not being interfered with by outside forces or moving to evade meteorological phenomena, fly in a pattern comprising several V-formations of the type displayed by migratory birds. The presence of several missing spots in each formation indicates that SCP-1115 initially consisted of at least ███ drones.
At approximately 0500 UTC each day, while SCP-1115 is overflying a region of the Sahara desert located at ██º██'██" N., ██º██'██" E., an individual SCP-1115 drone will descend to approximately 5,000 meters above surface level and transmit a radio signal, designated SCP-1115-2, before ascending and returning to its place in formation. SCP-1115-2 is an audio recording, between 41 and 46 seconds in length on all recorded instances, of a synthesized male voice speaking a language not identified by the Foundation. A large portion of the recording remains the same in all recorded instances, while several other portions vary daily. SCP-1115-2 has occurred every day that SCP-1115 has been under observation except when cloud cover has made it impossible for an SCP-1115 drone to descend to the transmission zone. The intended recipient of SCP-1115-2 has not been identified; several Foundation surveys of the area have failed to locate any pre-existing radio antennae or artifacts similar to SCP-1115. For information regarding the history and translation of SCP-1115-2, refer to addenda.
To date, SCP-1115 has resisted any attempts to capture a drone while in flight. Individual SCP-1115 drones have demonstrated an ability to evade missile and cannon fire as well as ground-based anti-aircraft weapons, and to disable pursuing aircraft by generating an electromagnetic pulse that SCP-1115 itself is not affected by. On ██/██/19██, an aircraft with shielded electronics was used to attempt to intercept an SCP-1115 drone. When the aircraft continued pursuit after the EMP was deployed, the drone responded by ramming the aircraft and detonating a miniaturized nuclear device installed within it, destroying itself and the aircraft, and producing a 5 kt airblast over the [REDACTED] where pursuit was occurring. Emergency aerial dispersal of Class-E amnestics in populated areas near [REDACTED] was conducted and Foundation media assets attributed the after-effects to forest fires. All further attempts to intercept SCP-1115 are preemptively denied.
In addition to the incident described above, three SCP-1115 drones have ceased functioning since observation began. Two of the three crashed into the Pacific Ocean after an unidentified failure resulted in their suddenly losing altitude; due to the depth of the crash regions the Foundation has deemed them unobtainable. The third, which crashed on land near [REDACTED] in north Africa in 1942, was not immediately obtainable due to ongoing military conflict in the region; surveys conducted after the war ended have failed to locate it and it is currently believed to have been buried entirely by shifting desert sands. The Foundation has acquired one intact SCP-1115 drone, designated SCP-1115-1, to date; for information on its history and findings regarding it, refer to addenda.
Addenda:
+ Show SCP-1115-1 History and Analysis - Hide SCP-1115-1 History and Analysis SCP-1115-1 was discovered in 1856 by a British archeological expedition in Borneo. At the time of its discovery, it was partially buried and heavily caked with volcanic ash identified as having originated from Mt. Tambora. It is speculated that the sudden eruption of Mt. Tambora resulted in SCP-1115-1's propulsion system becoming clogged with ash before it could correct its course, causing it to fail and crash. The expedition sold SCP-1115-1 to the Rajah of Sarawak, who displayed it as a curio in their royal palace until it was acquired by the Foundation in 1901. As the Foundation lacked the capabilities to properly examine it at the time, it was classified as an anomalous object and archived in Reliquary 38. In 20██, a Foundation archivist discovered the similarity between the artifact and SCP-1115, leading to its being reclassified as SCP-1115-1 and transferred to Site 731 for study. The exterior surface of SCP-1115-1 was found to be composed almost entirely of solar energy collector panels composed of an unidentified polymer. Upon exposure to a bright spotlight generating approximately 5000 lux, SCP-1115-1 immediately became active and began transmitting a previously undocumented variant of SCP-1115-2. Transmission stopped within five seconds of the spotlight being removed. Later data analysis indicated that, during the period the transmission occurred, seventeen SCP-1115 drones broke formation and began to divert from their previous course in the cardinal direction of Site 731. Further exposure of any captured SCP-1115 artifact to bright light is prohibited. SCP-1115's propulsion system is highly efficient, deriving all necessary power from the solar panels, and appears to be based on theoretical models of [REDACTED] that the Foundation does not yet have the capability to test fully. The majority of SCP-1115-1's interior, and all of its external extensions except for a radio antenna, consisted of a wide variety of environmental monitoring devices, not all of which have been identified. Devices for measuring temperature, wind speed, humidity, atmospheric concentrations of oxygen, carbon dioxide, and several noble gases, radioactivity, and [REDACTED] have been identified. Printed circuit boards incorporated into the onboard devices bear markings in an unidentified language, possibly the same one heard in SCP-1115-2. A nuclear device believed to be similar to the one detonated on ██/██/19██ was recovered, consisting of a cube 60 mm on each side composed of an unidentified alloy. Radiometric testing of materials found in SCP-1115-1 indicate that the drone was manufactured approximately 12.3 million years ago, ± 600,000 years. Collection of further samples is deemed necessary to verify this date. SCP-1115-1 was partially reassembled and is stored at Site 731. A determination has been made that any future SCP-1115 artifacts recovered will be stored at Site 731 as well to prevent any possible further exposure of Foundation site locations to SCP-1115.
“The keyboard is still the best input device for typing emails and IMs, updating your Facebook page or posting responses to your favorite blogs – and the Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard K750 is the next big innovation in keyboard technology,” said Denis Pavillard, vice president of product marketing for Logitech's keyboards and desktops. “The Logitech Wireless Solar Keyboard is powered by light but can work in total darkness for up to three months. Plus, with its PVC-free construction and fully recyclable packaging, it's designed to minimize its footprint.”
And not only does the K750 provide battery free power for life, it also brings one of the sleekest and thinnest keyboards designs to market of any manufacturer. The keyboard is 0.28 inches thick and uses ‘chiclet' keys with a unique contour made to be comfortable when hands are resting.
In addition, the K750 uses 2.4 GHz wireless connectivity, keeping you connected with virtually no delays or dropouts. Logitech Advanced 2.4 wireless also includes 128-bit AES encryption with the keyboard.
The peripheral has been designed for a Windows keyboard layout, but Mac users need not worry, it will also work with Apple computers. The keyboard will start shipping in the North American market in November for $80 and should be more widely available in other regions in December.
So is a mouse up next? Not for Logitech for a variety of technological reasons. It's smaller surface area makes solar technology more challenging and with a hand presumably using the mouse, it would obscure the light needed to power such a device.
The 1,135 miles that separates Seattle from the USC campus aren't nearly enough to remove former head coach Pete Carroll from the hearts of Trojans everywhere.
Carroll, who stepped down as the program's top man to become head coach and executive vice president of the Seattle Seahawks in 2010, will be recognized on campus this spring with an honorary degree, the school announced on Wednesday.
Carroll will be one of six recipients to receive an honorary degree at USC's 132nd commencement ceremony scheduled for May 15. Over 15,000 degrees, including more than 1,500 doctorates, are expected to be awarded at this year's USC commencement ceremonies.
The former Trojans head man is one of just three coaches to win an national championship and a Super Bowl, with Jimmy Johnson and Barry Switzer being the others.
Carroll led the Seahawks to a lopsided win over Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII and had the Seahawks back in the Super Bowl this past season, before falling to Tom Brady and the Patriots.
At USC from 2001-2009, they propelled USC back into the national conversation leading the program to seven straight BCS Bowl games and coached Heisman Trophy winners Carson Palmer, Matt Leinart, and Reggie Bush. (Bush would later have to vacate their Heisman Trophy because of NCAA sanctions).
The Trojans spent a record 33 consecutive weeks as the No. 1 team in the AP Poll during Carroll's tenure. USC won back-to-back AP National Championships in 2003 and 2004 — a2005 BCS National Championship was later vacated.
Carroll was also lauded for their work in the community with their foundation, "A Better LA," which they started in 2003.
Former USC and current @Seahawks head coach @PeteCarroll will receive an honorary @USC degree at the 2015 commencement ceremony. #FightOn — USC Trojans (@USC_Athletics) February 25, 2015
According to its website, the foundation "is a non-profit organization that supports community-based solutions to restore peace, save lives, and give Angelenos living in inner city LA the resources they need in order to thrive."
Upon taking the position with the Seahawks, Carroll founded the similarly aimed "A Better Seattle."
Carroll has also founded "Win Forever." With this, Carroll has teamed with Dr. Michel Gervais, who specializes in high performance psychology, and together, have the goal of developing a culture of high performance has been an integral part of the Seahawks success.
